 I bought this knowing full well it would be dissapointing . -LRB- Part of this complete collection , right ? -RRB- Okey , here 's the good , the bad , & the ugly . I reccomend sticking to the 1st 2 games.Good
 1 . It is incredibley hard to move aroundd .2 . you cant explore -LRB- you just choose what level you want -RRB- 3 . THEY CANT EVEN JUMP ! what fun is that ? 4 . it gave my computer lots of viruses5.dont waste yor money on this I saved up for it and i regret it 100 %
 People ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME ON PC !!!! I bought this game today , and it SUCKS !! I LOVED the last 3 . They kept getting better and better , but NOW , OH NOW THIS GAME SUCKS SO BAD . I have no idea what EA was thinking . No wonder it was only $ 25 at Walmart for a BRAND-NEW game , it 's a piece of crap ! Next time I 'll check the reviews before I buy another EA game . I 'll say it again
 After playing the first three HP games with my daughter , we both looked forward to # 4 . What a huge disappointment . Gone are looking for secrets areas . Gone are the amazingly beautiful graphics of the Hogwards interior or the school grounds , the bean bonus room and spongify . No cool games like flying Buckbeak and dueling matches.What replaced the stuff that made the other three HP games so much fun ? An impossible player control system . Playing with the keyboard controls -LRB- which ca n't be customized -RRB- is the definition of frustrating . Even with an external game controller , it is n't possible to accurately cast a spell or even make a character walk in a straight line . The extremely high view angle -LRB- which ca n't be changed -RRB- often causes walls and other things to completely block the view of your character . There is no control whatsoever of any video or audio settings . In fact , the only customizable item on the `` Options '' page is toggling subtitles on and off.The various areas to explore are disjointed and unrelated to each other . There does n't seem to be any point in progressing from one area to another . Another change from HP 1-3 is a system of collecting cards which then can be used to augment a character to add stamina , cast better charms/jinxes and to be more effective against certain creatures . But when the final big battles occur in the maze and Voldemort stages , the chance to beef up Harry to prepare for the battle with collector cards is suddenly gone . Really dumb.One cool feature of GOF is the ability to let multiple players enjoy the games at the same time . Up to three humans can each control either Harry , Hermoine or Ron . External game controllers are required for 2 or 3 player game play . Be aware though that when my daughter and I played with a controller and keyboard , the game lost track of the character controlled by the keyboard whenever the game action got heavy . The keyboard character would just stop reacting . In an area where it takes 3 to levitate a block , an uncontrollable character is a showstopper.The GOF system of charms and jinxes is a mystery , even after finishing the game . There are about a dozen jinxes available , but except for about two , there does n't seem to be any way to intentionally cast any of them . The strange part is that after each stage , the game shows the progress made in developing each jinx ... as if it 's important and something a player has any control over . In battle , just pressing `` X '' as quickly as possible results in random jinxes . Unfortunately , all it takes to win the battles is a quick finger . There is n't any strategy.To summarize : Pros : - Multi-player control of characters - Nice graphicsCons : - Impossibly frustrating point of view and character control system - No customization of any game features - Radical departure from all the things that made the 1st three HP games so much fun - Pointless succession of game scenesEA really blew it on this one . Do n't waste your money .
 I 'm so disappointed with the new Harry Potter game . It was not made to be played on a PC . The controls are terrible . The perspective is confusing . You 're not always behind the character , but when he turns around he starts walking towards you . I ca n't even make Harry walk in a straight line . I think he 's a little drunk . And the bertie botts beans actually jump out of your way , so they can be hard to pick up , which is really annoying . I ca n't even cast a normal spell , because I 'm not sure how to get my character pointed in the right direction . The cut scenes even suck ; they 're not even animated . The first level is just running around the campsite at the quidditch world cup button mashing monsters that get in front of you . The second part is the same darn thing but you 're supposed to be in different rooms of a defense against the dark arts classroom . Boo hisss . I was just playing the third game last night and I 've played that through more than once and it was loads more fun than this one . Really , the GOF game is just a playstation game that they tried to make work on a PC , and it totally does n't . All the secrets and fun are gone -LRB- at least in the first two parts -RRB- , so what 's the point ? I was already getting bored and frustrated , and I only played for a few minutes . Maybe it gets better ??? I can hope .
 Unlike every other HP game that has been released ... saddly . . I enjoyed the last 3 HP games , so much so that I would sit and play them until they were complete . They were fun little games , secret areas to explore , colorful graphics and fun side games . This game lacks all aspects of the previous . It 's not fun , the controls are difficult at best , and there is no mouse support.I can only hope that EA learns from their mistake and takes this back to it 's original charm of the first three.In a few words , if you want to play a fun Harry Potter game , buy the first three games and enjoy . . avoid this one at all cost .
 I recently purchased the new Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire game from Electronic Arts . I would have to say that although the graphics seem more realistic , that has been at the expense of game functionality . The game no longer has mouse support for spells and the whole setup of the game is different than the first three and I find it boring and hard to function . Anyone who loved the first three games , save your money on this game-its just not worth it and if you decide to purchase it , will find yourself disappointed too . Electronic Arts-the game was n't broke the way it was set up-why did you try and fix it ! Very Disappointing Indeed !
 Do n't buy this game ! You will be sorely disappointed . This is NOT a PC game , it 's a Gamecube/etc . game that 's been poorly ported over to the PC . You ca n't use a mouse ! Let me repeat
 I have played the Harry Potter PC Game from start to finish , several times , and it is horrible.I have deleted my original review of two stars , because the PC version is next to impossible to play for a single player.The only detailed instructions provided are on how to disable all security programs and background tasks ... for better performance ... every time the game is played.The problem is , EA wants us to leave our explorer.exe background task on while we play the game , meaning we are internet accessible . That is too much to ask of any PC owner.The game content is repetitive , tedious , and punishing , not to mention mean spirited and sadistic.The trio are repetitively burned , stung , bitten , and shot at with darts over and over , and over without a break.A fellow Potterhead remarked `` The artwork is great , but I 'm too busy fleeing for my life to even take a look at it . `` The condencending , derogatory personality they assigned to Hermione and the dumification of Ron increases the level of irritation and makes the game downright annoying.Harry is more like my Uncle Harry than Harry Potter , he does n't know enough toget out of the way.The computer controlled characters do not work very well . When there are monsterous creatures requiring joint spell casting , my computer characters would either drop a rock on me , squirt me with plant acid , or wander off and try to close a gate I just opened.On the section of timed challenges the computer characters either wasted time or got in each others way , preventing me from advancing over and over and over.What is really sad is the constant torture of young teens as a form of entertainment.You get stung and bit and burned over and over and over in a quest for a shovel ... yes a shovel.Finishing the game gave me a sense of relief not accomplishment.The few positive user reviews , I have come across for PC CDROM Goblet of Fire , have been from users who had just started the game and were no further than a quarter way through , from users who had played the game on another platform and gave the same identical review for seven platforms Goblet of Fire is available on -LRB- to raise its dismal ratings -RRB- and one from an accomplished gamer with a state of the art gaming computer who understands the nuances of how PC games are written.Don ' t let the powers that be capitalize from this exploitation.MJH
 This game was so disappointing ; I ca n't even begin to detail the inadequacies . If I had wanted an action game , I would have bought one . I was so looking forward to this since I have enjoyed all three predecessors . No mouse control at all . And , as I read in other reviews , going in a straight line is really difficult . I do n't play action games so I am figuring that , if you 're use to them , the characters in GOF are easy to control but I 'm not use to action games . This is really second rate . Where are the secret places ? Where are the puzzles ? Who cares about killing these stupid monsters ? I 'm only on the second level and I do n't want to move forward . What a bore . What a disappointment . I 've bought other EA games and they are action rather than adventures games , so I was angry at myself for those , but I 'm mad at EA for this one . I preordered it , assuming it would be in the same vein as the previous three - boy , was I disappointed . Wonder how many times I can say that ? Do n't buy it , if you have n't already . The first day I was already looking for cheats or patches - anything to make the game more doable and usable .
 The previous Harry Potter games captured the charm of the books , were easy to play , and are among my favorites . I ordered this one before it was released and am very disappointed . The controls are the worst I have ever encountered , and I ca n't figure out how many things work . Do n't waste your money .
 Why , oh why , did they have to mess up a great thing ? I have had visions of 4 more years of great games to look forward to , but the horrible thing just broke my heart . The first three were such a pleasure , even playing the 3rd time through -LRB- yes chambers was the best -RRB- . What happened to the beautifully textured walls , and the great outdoor scenery ? Where 's the great animated cut scenes that tell the story , and the other students you can bump into to talk ? You ca n't even see where you are going , even when something is attacking you . And the arbitrary main menu you have to go to at every level-what happened to the flow of the story line ? EA Games is just sitting back and stealing our money . I will be very surprised if I buy any Harry Potter title again . I 'll just go back and play the first three a 4th and 5th time I guess . So disheartening .
 I completely agree with the other reviews . I loved the first three HP games , but this one is very different . It 's difficult and awkward to control the character you 're playing ... you 're just shooting jinxes at random hoping it hits whatever 's coming at you . I really miss the more realistic controls and camera movements from the other games . For those thinking about purchasing this game in hopes that it 'll be as much fun as the others , just be forewarned that it 's nothing like them !
 I was very excited to find this game on sale this morning at a local toysrus ; I got it home installed it . I was nearly jumping out of my seat at the graphics but sadly that is where the excitment ended .1 . I HATE the new controls , they are impossible .2 . The fact you ca n't use the mouse to look around and change the POV makes it very hard to even see what is attacking you .3 . The turning and going left and right sucks because you ca n't get the character where you need them to be in order to cast the spell.I own all the HP games and love all of them , even the first one that was not so wonderful but this one . Honestly I wish I could return it even though I opened it . It 's a horrible game and I really hope they go back to the old gaming style on the fifth one because this one gives me a head ache it spins so much and is so confusing .
 If you enjoyed the `` first-person caster '' perspective of the previous games , you 'll want to avoid this one . Let me list a few of the many things wrong with it : - No mouse ! You have to use the arrow keys to walk around . - No first person view ! The camera is always facing north , and does n't stay behind the characters . This means that you could be walking towards the bottom of your screen and have no idea what 's there . This is probably the worst component of the whole game . - Arcade style
 I have played the first three Harry Potter games on PC , and the one thing I enjoyed most was exploring Hogwarts , going on missions , and going through classes , and interacting with students . Ironically , I got to play Order of the Phoenix first which is AMAZING . Then I recieved Goblet of Fire as a gift . I was really disheartened by the game itself . It was a little difficult , but the controls were kind of confusing . The graphics are good . But you could n't really explore , everything was a mini game . Atleast in all the other games you could explore and choose what mini games you wanted to try . Overall , graphics rocked . But the game itself was dissappointing .
 i have the previous 3 games the first 2 on PC and the 3rd on Xbox . they were all excellent games , the 3rd being a little too easy , so i bought this expecting a good game . the only good thing here is the graphics . the most challening part of the game is controls . spell casting is a nightmare , i always forget which button is for what , very linear gameplay . Do n't buy this save your money and watch and/or read the book . Hopfully EA fixes these problems for Order of the Phoenix
 I have all the other Harry Potter games and this one is by far the least fun , least controllable and the most money . I am in total agreement with most other reviews that state this is not a game developed and meant to be played on the PC . It was a huge disappointment in every way . The graphics stink , the cut scenes stink , and it is almost impossible to control your character 's direction or aim . Everything is customized and confusing , you are not able to use your mouse . The angles in which you have to view your characters and the surrounding landscapes is awkward and out of focus . I tried playing it and enjoying , I tried overlooking the obvious flaws but in the end , it just was n't enjoyable in any way . What a shame and shame on EA for making such a low quality game .
 I have to agree with most of my fellow reviewers . This game is the worst ! There is no mouse control , like the previous games , so you have to use the up and down arrows on your keyboard to move the wizards . With no mouse , it is very hard to manage the games speed and the spells and Jinxs -LRB- ? -RRB- and confusing to the average player . Nothing like the last 2 games ! Wan na buy mine Cheap ?
 As been said by many , this game lacked all the wonderful things the first three games had.First , the idea of the using the Pensieve to access areas and not being able to explore the castle and grounds ... really kinda stinks . That was what I looked forward to in the first three games . So many awesome secret passages and the bean bonus room , all gone . Plus , you do n't get to see the interior of the castle at all , and the cut scenes are disappointing.Second , the control of the players is AWFUL . Just AWFUL . You ca n't make them walk in a straight line . It even gets difficult to get them to move at all . I have to pretty much pound on the keys to select what I want or move in general , which is n't good for my poor laptop ! Then , when you actually get them to go somewhere , they walk/run funny ... diagonal , backwards , or the opposite direction you want them to go in . It 's so frustrating.Third , the jinxes are uncontrollable . You ca n't even dictate which one you want to use , yet they score you on how many you cast anyway ... Fourth , the beans . Why do they bounce away ? I do n't like having to cast Accio every time I want my beans , it makes my jinxing-reflex slower . Plus , the frogs hop away . And it 's only in the movies that they moved , not the book . Which is why I liked the other three games ... they had more to do with the books!Fifth , the actual `` locations '' are interesting -LRB- nice to be able to enter the Forbidden Forest -RRB- , but once you get into them and get the Triwizard Shields -LRB- not to be confused with the mini-shields -RRB- you 're done . And then you have to go back and play more than half the level again to get back to the direction you were going , collect another shield , and start all over again . So tedious and a waste of time.Sixth , depending on which character you 're playing , the others will no doubt stand in your way while you 're trying to cast a spell . And the spells ... previously the little symbol would hover over the object , but here you only get a little dot ... and sometimes I ca n't even see it.I 'm so disappointed . I hope EA re-does this one and that the future games are n't as bad , that they revert back to the old system .
 I LOVED the first four -LRB- SS , CoS , TPoA , and QWC -RRB- games.The first one was a little too easy -LRB- I beat it in three days after some practice -RRB- , the second one being a bit too hard -LRB- I have a fear of fire snails -RRB- , the Third one and Quiddich World Cup being perfect.When I bought the first game I was expecting another GREAT game . But here is what I got
 I could not get the controls to work well , I couldnt move harry , ron , and hermione at all . I couldnt cast spells where I intended ... supposedly the game is better with a gamepad , but I 'm a casual gamer and not going to purchase one . I loved the first three ; I 'm very disappointed with this one .
 I have not played this game before but I think it got a bad rateing , I think this place called ESRB made it that rateing , I bet it is scarrey for 8,9,10 , and 11 year old kids ! But I bet It is very challenging and has good graphics , FOR THE OLDER GAMER !
 If you enjoyed the first few games at all you 're wasting your time with this . It gives no freedom to explore , but instead confines the game to ` levels ' more suited to a first person shooter than what should be an adventure rpg . It also plays in the style of a shooter , but with less direct control of your character . Your only real options are to shoot at things , pick things up , and make them come at you . There is hardly a story and it does n't even pretend to give you the usual mystery to solve , it is simply attacking and running away without the small level of skill required in previous games.There is no exploration , there are no conversations , there is no skill . If you have any desire to avoid melting your brain from mindless and pointless attacking then save yourself the trouble and do n't waste your money on this game .
 I was very disappointed in the fourth Harry Potter game , having enjoyed the first and second and even the third . This game begins with Harry , Ron , and Hermione running away from the Death Eaters at the World Cup campground . -LRB- You can choose which character to be , and you can play with a friend . -RRB- Then the trio dive into the Pensieve to complete some pointless , repetitive tasks . When they are done , it 's on to the Triwizard Tournament tasks . All of these are zap-zap-knock-out-the-bug-or-whatever-creature is after you . Even that would be OK , if only we could use the mouse , but no ! We have to use the arrow keys to move and the X and C keys to zap.For some unknown reason , the perspective is always from above ; we never see from Harry 's viewpoint . Often he ends up running and we ca n't see where he 's going . It 's very awkward and slow-going . Yes , the graphics and sound are good , and the characters look like the movie actors , but the game play is so frustrating . Bring back the mouse control , EA Games . This game is a dud.Kona
 EA managed to destroy the game for the PC.It hase absolutly no computer game `` feel '' unless you remember how games felt in 1984 . No mouse ControlNo Volume ControlNo Screen brightness Control.The only `` option '' is weather or not you want subtitles.Character movement is difficult to control since x and y movement is rotated off axis with respect to the arrow keys.For a gigabyte of disk space , the graphics and cut-scenes are poor.It gets a 1 star only because zero is not an option .
 As a great fan of both computer games and Harry Potter , the Sorcerer 's Stone was a game I had to buy , and I never regretted it . Along with `` Chamber of Secrets '' and `` Prisoner of Azkaban , '' I spent many hours playing and having a lot of fun . All three of those games had great replay value ; I 've played `` Sorcerer 's Stone '' countless times and I 'm still not tired of it . With each release , the graphics have improved and the gameplay has become even more engaging . When I heard of the release of the `` Goblet of Fire '' movie , the first thing I thought of was the game that would accompany it.Of course I bought the game , without bothering to look at its reviews . The game proved to be a major disappointment.All of the charm and fun in the first three games has vanished . Most Harry Potter fans are more likely to enjoy the exploring of the castle and interaction with other people at Hogwarts . That was what I enjoyed most of all ; what fan does n't like to pretend that they go to Hogwarts and cast spells , fly , play Quidditch , and live in the fabulous castle ? Just running around the castle , collecting things , interacting with other students and finding secret areas was fun . But that part of the game was completely taken away , and we are left with almost nothing but fighting.Now , not everyone is like me , and I can understand that EA might want to attempt to cater to those who prefer casting spells at opponents . That is understandable . But the game gets one star because they did n't even manage to make the fighting work properly . The camera angle switches and can become odds , and the controls are difficult to master , plus , they ca n't be changed . There is no customization allowed with the controls or other options in the game . The whole thing seems more like a console game set for PC , and it does n't flow well.If you were a fan of the original three games , this one is almost guaranteed to disappoint you . I did n't even manage to finish playing it the entire way through , and I wish I could get my money back . Hopefully EA will return to the previous style of games for `` Order of the Phoenix , '' but I wo n't be the one buying it to find out .
 Like the others I am also very disappointed with this game . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the graphics . If like me you buy both the console and PC versions because they are different games , forget it , they are completly the same game . The controls are awful and you feel like your watching everything from a tower . I feel EA should redo this game and we should all write to them and tell them so . Who ever OK 'd this game for release should be sent to Azkaban for life .
 This game is unplayable on PC 's . You ca n't use your mouse , the perspective is very disoranting , and the main difficulty in playing is the fact it is impossible to get harry to move in a stright line . The graphics are of low quality . Do n't buy this game .
 I agree with everyone else as far as the lack of mouse function , lack of audio adjustment -LRB- I ca n't wear my headphones because the sound is too loud -- I 'll have to see if the Windows volume controls can adjust the game volume -RRB- , etc. . I 've got a really good gaming PC so have had no problem with the way the game runs , and I just bought a gamepad so I do n't have to rely on the keyboard controls which would have been a MAJOR setback for me -LRB- that 's the only thing I hated about Sorcerer 's and Chamber , when in the game you HAD to use the keyboard -RRB- . But , even after reading the `` manual '' 5 times , I still do n't know how to select certain spells when I need them . And I have yet to figure out how to get all 3 characters to do a cooperative spell cast on the same item at the same time -- mostly it 's Harry casting a spell in one place , Hermione over there yelling `` lapifores '' -LRB- ?? we do n't need rabbits when we 're tryig to put out fires -RRB- and Ron running around whining about something . I have only played maybe 5 levels and quit for the night because it was so extremely confusing and frustrating . And I 'm not even bothering to collect beans or cards -LRB- if there are any at this point -RRB- since I 've been concentrating on trying to keep my character from losing all his/her stamina and trying to figure out what I 'm supposed to be doing now -- it 's not all intuitive ; it took a while to figure out those gaps with gates on the other side needed to be crossed . I do n't think the graphics so far have been good -- if you want to see some spectacular graphics take a look at Syberia -LRB- or even Riven -RRB- . I am going to finish this game but unless the game play improves significantly , I probably wo n't replay it , not even to find all the cards or shields or whatever unless someone writes a walkthrough . It 's just not fun -- and yes fun is important in real life when you have bought a game -LRB- this is the way some of us destress after another horrible day in hell -RRB- . That one reviewer who admitted has n't even bought the game but then compares the game to the book , well , that 's nonsense . This is a game -- not the book . Games should be fun , that 's why we all went out and bought the thing and eagerly looked forward to playing it . I do n't mind not being able to run around Hogwarts -LRB- it would have been nice but not necessary -RRB- ; I do n't mind not being about to talk to other students and all that . However , so the only thing the characters do is shoot a spell , shoot a jinx , shoot a charm , etc. just shoot , shoot , shoot which is boring . If I 'd wanted a shoot-em-up game , I 'd have gone for -LSB- well , I do n't know since I do n't like and never play those shootnig games -RSB- . There 's none of those amazing floating blocks or clouds you can climb on or rotating platforms to jump on in exactly the correct timing -- maybe later , I hope . That 's what I loved about the previous HP games , those very imaginative , impossibly unreal `` wizardly '' things that the characters had to deal with . I do n't like the bird 's - eye-view either -- too reminiscent of computer games where the developers did n't want to bother with real perspective , did n't want to spend the money to get a more realistic rendering of people and scenery , basically just wanted to present a layout of the `` battle field '' you were to use -- what I always thought of as `` cheap '' designing . I do hope it gets better because right now , I am disappointed and feel EA let the PC players down -LRB- I would have gladly paid more to by a better devised game specifically designed to take advantage of what a PC can do -- most of us nowadays are serious mouse users , ya know -RRB- . I 'm glad the movie is out 'cause if this game does n't improve soon , I 'm just going to spend my time watching the movie instead .
 This is nothing like the first three games . You ca n't walk around Hogwarts , you ca n't use the mouse , you ca n't talk to other students , etc. . Really stupid game ! The graphics are great , but who cares when all you have is pictures and no real game ?! Dumb designing . I ca n't believe it 's the same company as designed the first three . I 'm so sad . I love all three of the previous games and replay them over and over again . I pre-ordered this one . Never again !
 I 'm extremely disappointed in this game . The controls just do n't work . I checked the system requirements before I bought it , and according to the box , I have them . But the game still does n't work well , AT ALL . I love the previous HP games , but this is a big failure .
 seems like this one got rushed out for some reason . my daughter who loved all the other Potter games lost interest after playing twice .
 I wish there was a ZERO in the fun/overall ratings choices , because I would have given it a zero in both categories . It was a total waste of my money.I got it because I liked the other Harry Potter games so much ... MISTAKE . It is NOTHING like the other Harry Potter games . I should have read the many BAD reviews of this game first!This game is entirely linear - you can not go wandering around the grounds and explore , as in the other Harry Potter EA games . The characters do not interact well , in fact when the three characters are supposed to be casing a spell together the other characters are often otherwise occupied . Their tasks are obscure and not well defined.This game was not made for a PC . Further it was not made for anyone who is casually gaming , or in it for the fun of exploring the Harry Potter world . The game ` mood ' -LRB- environment -RRB- is dark and unpleasant . The only good thing I can say about the game is that the graphics are well done .
 If you 've enjoyed any or all of the previous three Harry Potter games , and you 're thinking about buying this one , pick your favorite of the three , and play it again . Do NOT waste your money on this game.The screenshots were excellent , which really suckered me into buying it . The graphics were in fact quite good , probably the only redeeming aspect of the game . The exploration , my favorite part of the other games , was virtually nonexistant in this one . The controls were NOT CUSTOMIZABLE IN ANY WAY -LRB- welcome back to 1995 -RRB- , and making a character move straight was like bowling a strike while drunk . In the previous three , the music was great and fitting , the storyline interesting and similar to the book , and the objectives were clear and simple , while still challenging . In the Goblet of Fire , the music was unnoticable most of the time , while being almost inappropriate at others . The storyline was boring and had little to do with the book or movie at most points . The objectives were never clear , and after beating a level I was left thinking `` what the hell did I just do to beat that level ? `` To sum it up in a sentance , I 've never played a game so awful that I uninstalled it after playing it once .
 I bought this game thinking it would be a fun one where you could walk around and explore Hogwarts like the previous HP games . It turned out that this is some stupid arcade-style thing with levels . Its really boring , and the controls are terrible . If you do n't want to have fun , buy this game !
 I am outraged at the new HP game . Below are some reasons why : * In the new HP game you ca n't even point Harry in the rite direction !!!!! * Also there is n't any order to the game at all !!!!! * In this game Ron and Hermione do n't help Harry very much.This game is a must NOT play !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I absolutely LOVED the first three games because the characters were easy to move and the levels were entertaining . I really was looking forward to the new one , but like so many others reviewers stated , was really disappointed at how horrible the graphics were . If you really want to buy this game , buy it for a PS2 where it was originally designed for . Movement is very difficult and it took me a lot longer than the other games to get used to . I hope they redo this one and re-release it . To the folks at EA
 I have enjoyed all the other games but the folks on this line are correct ... . it is terrible . I spent six hours trying different ways to configure it to work without success . The characters sometimes move and cast spells and then they just stand there . I have a friend who also has it and has the same problems . Since they make the money I am sure they do n't care , but this game is something that should be replaced with something that works . This will be the last one that I buy and I am over 60 but young at heart .
 I wish I had read the reviews before buying this ! If you are reading this before buying , be smart , believe us and stay away from this game.If you expect a new version of the Harry Potter series forget it ! This is a mindless violence game with very few options . From the moment it starts there is just fighting fighting fighting , it 's not clear what you are fighting for or about ! Just be efficient at killing stuff ! No puzzles or hidden stuff to look for at least not in the first three tasks . I wanted to see if there was something further on but the controls are so bad that I just shut it down ! Half the time you do n't see where your character is going or what he 's aiming at . The controls are relevant to the screen rather than to the character so if Harry is going down the hall all you see is a small section to his left . He is actually going straight but you have to press the left button , which is very difficult to master . You ca n't back him up - if you need to give yourself a little extra room to aim and you press the back -LRB- down -RRB- button then Harry is actually turning his back to the enemy . You ca n't change any of the controls if you do n't like the defaults . I tried to play using a keyboard and the controls were very crude with no small adjustments . If you are familiar with the controls of the older games this is nothing like them . I am a huge Harry Potter fan and I was hoping for another version similar to the previous Harry Potter games , instead I get the `` battle for middle earth '' ! SHAME ON EA !
 My daughter and I have played and replayed Harry Potter 1-3 , spending hours in thorough enjoyment . This one is TERRIBLE , AWFUL and HORRIBLE ! Impossible to control your character , move , cast spells , explore and all the other things that made the previous games fun . We hope EA reads these reviews and offers to refund or redo this game . You 'll want to throw your computer out the window after about 5 incredibly frustrating minutes !!!
 I agree with the review titled `` Disappointed '' . I think they spent very little time and effort on this game and hoped the name would sell it when the quality was extremely poor.I gave up after the second Defense Against the Dark arts class . I missed being able to explore , but with the way Harry moves exploring would be rather tedious.My recommendation
 I 'm sorry I bought it.I agree with all the other reviews ... Loved the first three games -LRB- Chamber is still my favourite ! -RRB- But this ... : - -LRB- No , I got stuck right before The Maze and ca n't go on ... . do n't know why . . so I stopped playing and installed Chambers again!Worst
 Oh , why did n't I come here and read the reviews first !? I would have saved my almost 30 bucks.I quickly bought this game because I had fun with the previous Harry Potter games -LRB- mostly 1 & 2 -RRB- , but once I installed this latest one , and tried to play it ... well , it was one big mess . The reviews are true
 Apparently EA Games decided it would be wise to sacrifice fun for the sake of graphics . I loved the first two games in this series and liked the third -LRB- though not as much as the second -RRB- . Goblet of Fire is completely different . To start off with , the controls are so different from the previous three games that it takes some adjusting . Once you have adjusted , though , you realize that the game is nowhere near as challenging or fun as the first three . The visuals are better , sure , but who cares if the game is no good ? I miss being able to control the angle , explore on my own , use the mouse , etc. , etc. , etc. . Plus , this game costs a lot more than the others did !! I wish I had that money back .
 They 've got to be kidding . It is n't a PC game its an arcade game or ought to be . The user controls on this game are so unfriendly that even my husband the computer genius of the family washed his hands of it after 10 minutes . My 13 yr old daughter loved the first three games but wants her money back for this one . No one in my house wants to play it except my four year old son and he keeps expecting us to fix it .
 My title says it all.Why ca n't EA games read the reviews of their previous harry potter games . All of us who loved them were just screaming out for another of the same ! I just wanted another game of the same layout and controlls just with new tasks and challenges and secrets . I am not a great HArry Potter fan but the previous games were almost non violent and all the card and shield hunting had a nice calming effect . Now playing the GOF game i , as another reviewer stated , practically run for my life and have no time to find the silly dragon statues.-absolutely no mouse control -LRB- is EA games spitting on PC users ? -RRB- - absolutely no game configuration-camera can not be moved according to will-spells can not be chosen by will -LRB- how can i kill 10 of the monsters with a specific spell at a specific time when i can not chose the specific spell ? -RRB- I gave this 2 stars cause i might find some aspects fun and 2 stars because the is some considerable quality to it.I repeat , if this game was to be a first and a stand alone , it would have passsed as a nice , detailed and anxiously fast action game where you can choose a character in every next level.But it was to follow 3 VERY successfull adventure-mystery games and let the non-i-play-everything-as-long-as-it-moves-and-shootsplayers down !
 Why , oh WHY did I not read all the reviews first ? This game is absolutely horrible . I have played all the Harry Potter games for the PC and for the consoles . This game is nothing like the others . For the love of all that is good in the wizarding world , stay away from this game !!! I want my money back EA .
 I absolutely agree with any other person who thinks this game sucks . I , like many others , played the last three games and they were sooo cool . When I started playing this one -LRB- the Quidditch World Cup -RRB- , I thought - wait a minute - this looks like something from 1995 . In the previous games , I loved exploring around Hogwarts , and in the second game , I loved duelling . I really hated the `` access the Pensieve and select a level to play '' theory . What do they think they were doing?In addition , sometimes I have no clue as to what is going on - what was I supposed to do ? It 's ridiculous finding those godforsaken shields to complete the level . Plus , often Harry , Ron , and Hermione are so small that I ca n't even see them properly . I dislike the perspective of the game -LRB- being forced to observe the scene from above is terrible -RRB- . The levels are often ridiculous as well - it just does n't make sense that there is a Blast-Ended Skrewt in the greenhouse , and it is ridiculous that one of the levels that you `` unlock '' tells you to `` smash everything within your sight '' . They took away jumping , and they took away the whole feel of the game ! It 's stupid that Harry , Ron and Hermione are just so stupid in the game ! They never cooperate well when casting spells together are needed . They react extremely slowly , and by then you should have been devoured by a Dugbog.The Triwizard tasks were a disaster . I had no idea how I was supposed to destroy all that marine life in the lake during the second task using the pathetic ` Ebublio ' spell . In the third task I had no idea as to which direction I ought to go to , and when I finally stumbled upon the two mega-sized Blast-Ended Skrewt , it is impossible to utitlise the equally pathetic ` Inflatus ' spell effectively on them.There are too many beans . You almost definitely have to do the first task hundreds of times if you want to `` unlock '' the next level on the Pensieve , and you get almost 400 beans each time . I wound up with about 15000 beans for each of the three playbable characters , which is quite useless except for purchasing useless cards which you can equip your character with for `` improving '' their skills.There is no interaction with other students , and I really do n't understand why the exterior of Hogwarts can be deserted , even though it 's raining -LRB- why would Harry , Ron , and Hermione even go out if it 's raining ? -RRB- . You get the feeling that Harry , Ron and Hermione are the only students at Hogwarts . You also get the feeling that the only teacher is Mad-Eye Moody , which is ridiculous!I do n't understand why I even bought this game ! The screenshots absolutely blew me away , and I thought `` wow ! '' when I saw them , and the ` game features ' totally made me crazy . The game cover was absorbing , but the game ... blech . Do n't buy it . It 's a waste of money , time and effort . Buy something more interesting . Let 's not waste our money on something that seemingly came from the Games section of the Accessories in Windows 95 . In short , this game SUCKS !
 I am big Harry Potter fan and i loved the previous games in the series.So naturally i thought i 'd get another worthwhile fun experience with Goblet of Fire but sadly i was wrong . One thing i really hated about this game were the cut scenes , they are just a bunch of static pictures instead of a video . Plus you never get to see other Hogwarts students other than Ron , Harry and Hermione , in my opinion it makes it feel as if you 're the only students in the school . Lastly there is absolutely no exploring Hogwarts castle or its grounds , the game is a very linear experience . It 's obvious that EA was trying to cash into the Harry Potter craze by producing this game with the least bit of effort to make as much money a possible . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME YOU 'RE BETTER OFF WITH THE PREVIOUS GAMES .
 I was very disappointed with this game and I have n't even completed all the tasks yet . I 'm still stuck in the Forbidden Forest and this game is trying my patience . The makers seemed to have sacrificed ease of motion for better graphics . One minute one is running up a flight of stairs and in the next moment a tree is in the way obscuring the view . There are n't many choices to play with , with respect to keys for movement or for casting spells etc.Compared to the 3 other games Goblet of Fire seems to be a letdown . If you choose to be frustrated by buying this game then I wish you the best of luck .
 It became clear to me that this game was not meant for the pc in the first 5 minutes of playing . The perpsective is awful and charms are terribly hard to cast ... the game made little sense when starting out and was hard to follow .
 I was soo excited to recieve it for christmas , but it is not worth it . You have all the challenges laid out infront of you , the view is awful , and you dont get to explore , it is all action !! I like the way you can choose whether you want a charm , jinx or accio , but other than that and the amazing graphics , it is pointless . To get some of the shields no one taught you how/what to jinx to get it !! No one teaches you the spells , you need to figure them out yourself . I think the third game was the best and that EA games should use it as a template for the fifth game . The fourth is fun , but aquard
 I have All of the other Harry Potter PC games , and I love playing them still , but this one was horrible . As many of you are aware , the first PC game -LRB- Sorcerers Stone -RRB- was good but needed a little improvement . When the second one came along it was even better , and I think the third one was better still . I had high hopes for Goblet of Fire , but it was very dissapointing . Just moving your player in a straight line is a challange , directing spells is just as problematic , and I would say my biggest complaint is that you ca n't `` look '' very well . What I mean by that is you used to be able -LRB- in the previous three -RRB- to kind of `` pan-scan '' the area so you could check everything out . This version has a very limited viewing range and I just do n't like it . I find that these things to be so irritating that I have given up even trying to play it .
 I am only at the second level of this game but have to confirm what other reviewers mentioned before
 We have Prisoner of Azkaban for the PC . It 's a much better game than this one . You are actually allowed to use the mouse , unlike in GoF ! We also have the Order of the Phoenix for Wii . That 's got it 's problems too , but at least the game is written with that platform in mind - this game is simply a Playstation game plopped onto a PC platform . Ugh . Buy Azkaban instead , and do n't waste your money on this one .
 First of all , I could n't even get this game to work properly . I have a high end system with a $ 400 video card and this game lags !! I can play Doom 3 on high settings but not a Tony Hawk game?Secondly , this game is way too easy even on the sick difficulty . Half the game was spent earning basic abilities like Manual and Spine Transfer and the rest of the time was spent trying to impress the local bums who give YOU money to do such simple things as Kickflips and 2000 point combos ! Every once in a while you 'll get a real mission to do but it usually something very simple and last all but 30 seconds . This whole game is beatable in two hours if you skip all the side missions and just do the main goals.Thirdly , classic mode is incredibly weak . There 's only 6 levels ! Beat that in one hour as well.In conclusion
 At the time of writing this , there are 2 hard hitting reviews of this game by Mike and John from California . They are both 100 % right in the scope that they chose to address , but I feel - as rough as they were - they were actually being very polite ... probably in respect for a game that once was and once could have been.The oncoming of the THUG series was , in my opinion , a serious lapse in judgement in consideration for the tastes and intellect of the average THPS enthusiast . The games were , at best , depressing in nature -LRB- deceit , vandalism , revenge -RRB- and insulting to the intelligence of the user.But as bad as those games were , they warm the cockles of my heart compared to THAW . It 's as if they said to a market test group `` What are all the things you despise about the new THUG line ? '' and took the answers and cranked those irritating features up three notches . Not even the most destructive and anti-social teen could be as blandly and patently despising of the human race as some of the characters in this game . AND , no one in the world wants to play the world 's longest satellite radio commercial.If you still do n't believe us , go right ahead - but let me just say welcome back when you find yourself right here writing your own review - trying to convince someone else to avoid buying this at retail for PC .
 Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland for the PC takes the series further into the bad taste of THUG2 while going backwards in terms of Level Design and Coding.For all of the annoying Vandalism and general Chaos that THUG2 glorified , THAW does it even more . It 's story is as uninspired as the previous release , but this time adding in more mindless anti-corporate rhetoric , destruction , and causing harm for kids to enjoy . If this were the only problem with the game , I could probably let it slide , but it 's just one of the things I 've found to be terrible about how the series has been heading.None of the PC ports of Tony Hawk games have been great , but this one takes the cake for having terrible performance . In the commercial for the game , Tony gets stopped by an invisible wall that says `` Loading '' ... well ... now your Skater just gets stopped in long hallways that connect the fairly small skating areas . Granted , there is n't a loading bar , but you will experience lots of slow down and pauses while in the transition `` hallways '' even on systems that are well above the recommended specs.That brings up something else that was misleading ... it 's not just one big area to skate in . They promoted it as being L.A. , however what you get is areas that are pretty much just like the previous games in the series take on cities . You get 1 to 3 city blocks worth of area to skate in , and then the hallway.Challenges range from alright to outright awful . It has a terrible habit of making you repeat a move three times for challenges that span nearly the entire game , which has the effect of making it seem like one giant tutorial level.Graphics are poor , to put it mildly . The models for skaters look freakish , animations rarely stay synched with audio , and many textures look like they are suited to a PS1 version of the game . The cut-scene animations are decent enough , no real noticable motion capture errors that you usually see in the form of shaking body parts.Controls are fairly standard fair for Tony Hawk , but since you will likely be dealing with random pauses every few seconds in the game , it can make any trick attempt very frustrating . The addition of a large amount of BMX challenges was decent enough , but it is all starting to feel very dated . The old arcade feel and lack of physics on the board/bike tends to get old quickly.Unless there is a major overhaul of the series , I ca n't see a reason to buy another Tony Hawk game . From the awful portrayal of the Skater lifestyle -LRB- essentialy a sociopathic criminal in THAW and THUG2 -RRB- to the non-evolving level design -LRB- still feels just like the original PS1 game -RRB- and the visuals of last generations graphics , there is n't much new to enjoy .
 This game is very typical of alot of the PC games coming out . It 's a direct port from a console game to a PC game with very little change . The controls are extremely confusing . It instructs you to `` Perform X trick by hitting the G and R key '' but they do n't mean the actual G and R key but rather the G and R key on whatever damn console they designed the thing on . To make this worse when you assign keys to diffrent controls it does n't say G = ________ but rather `` Ollie Tricks -LRB- Jump -RRB- '' . To add insult to injury on that score you can not change key bindings from within the game . You have to close the game , use the program launcher to specify a new key , then enter the game and try it , then exit out again to change a diffrent key or rebind that action.Another problem alot of people are having with this game is lag . In story mode it gets to a place and hangs ... from anything from 5 seconds to 30 seconds and above . To make this even more frustrating is that alot of the time the lag hits in the same place where you have to perform a trick . While your trying to do pinpoint splitsecond key sequences , the game hangs for 30 seconds in the middle of your trick ... it gets frustrating fast.All things bieng equal if you want to buy a Tony Hawk game I 'd suggest you buy Tony Hawk 's Underground 2 instead . It has much less lag , much easier to navigate menus , as well as looking graphically better .
 It 's interesting to see what obscurities have been released for the NES . First off , let 's talk about the cartridge itself . Have you ever played an NES title that 's baby blue and looks obviously different from a typical NES title ? Well , this comes to show that it 's a product of a company called Color Dreams , who have been well known for creating NES titles that were not licensed by Nintendo . -LRB- Fun fact
 Perhaps the best that can be expected of a program that has been around as the Tomb Raider series . Does n't lend itself to Nintendo as much as many other games .
 I got this game because I used to play tomb raider for the PC . Tomb Raider for DS is totally different . For one thing when you need to shoot someone your guns do n't automatically lock on the target . You have to use your touch screen to guide where you shoot . Its not that bad but I would prefer it to be automatic . Also , there is no look feature for this game . There is one part in the 1st level where you have to jump onto a ledge but the ledge is n't really in the screen so you do n't know where your jumping to . I had to go through it 20 times just to get the jump right because I could n't see what the hell I was jumping onto . I have n't played this game very much because I get more frustration than enjoyment out of it .
 I can not emphasize this enough ; TR Underworld for the DS was fantastic , this game -LRB- Legend -RRB- is awful !!!! It 's pretty much in full 3d . Which is a very bad thing ! If you are jsut a little to the left or right , you will miss any jump.The save system is terrible , the stages are long and mercilessly unforgiving and buggy.The graphics are n't too bad . And there are more outfits than I thought there would be.The story is chopped up pretty bad , but at least they have the cutscenes from the main PS2 version.The part with you Lara is totally cut out , you just get to see a very short cutscene about it.I ca n't get past Japan . The level design is so glitchy.It 's overall an extremely frustrating experience . I do n't even know if I will play it again .
 This is a foreign game , from DCE games in France . The English dubs on the entrance has been too late 2 out of 3 times of starting new games -- in an attempt to get around a bug I encountered in the first chapter.If you have technical issues , support is next to impossible to find , especially in English . Do n't let their English counterparts fool you - The Adventure Company and DreamCatcher Interactive do not support the game ! Hello , links to bitty web-sites with too little information and links to `` Technic Support . '' The patch was hard to find , and it still did n't fix my bug.It 's also
 When this game first came out I loved it , but now it 's extremely boring once your master professions . There 's pretty much nothing original about this game except for the fact it has Star Wars attatched to it . By no means am I saying this is the worst mmorpg I 've played , but it deffinately is n't even close to the top of my list . If you 're thinking about getting this , I 'd suggest holding off for awhile untill other mmorpg 's are released .
 I have played most of the mmorpg 's out there today , and I think by far this is the worst one yet . Unless you like the idea of spending hours killing alien insects and birds . You can not even be a jedi right away , you have to unlock the force sensitive character slot which has been said will take up to a year for the casual player . The game is very buggy and there is nothing intuitive about the controls . You are only allowed one character per server , and the servers have a limited number of people allowed on at one time . So if you have a character you want to play on one server , and its full you wo n't be able to play him/her . The only good thing about this game is the skill system , other than that , i would rather not have wasted my money on it .
 For me to discover this game sucks . Blatant mockery of serious gamers around the world . Came here to see if the consensus was any better then my views , But it 's obvious this game blows ! Stay away and dont give these bastards anymore cash , like I 'm sorry I did !
 Do you want to know what kind of loot you get ? Broken stuff ! I KID YOU NOT ! So you risk life and limb and you loot the corpse with excitement to find ... a broken datapad ! -LRB- or other broken items that you just have to destroy -RRB- I STILL want someone to pay dearly for this insult.I know what you are thinking . . you are thinking that surely there is SOME good loot out there ! NOPE . They intentionally designed the game so that the best stuff can be crafted by players with a high skill . Guess what this means ? Turn to page 64 -LRB- or whatever -RRB- and look to see what the best armor is -LRB- or weapon -RRB- and make it . Ok . DONE . Why go out and kill now ? This is an important point . WHY GO OUT AND KILL NOW?And the bugs are horrible ! And they are getting worse ! I thought Shadowbane had bugs ! It was a cakewalk compared to this game . And I mean BAD bugs . Unacceptable Bugs.The game will probably be fun for a new player for about 2-3 weeks . It takes that long to realize that there is no point .
 I was really hopeful about this game -LRB- because Ralph is the best -RRB- but less than a week after starting I find myself bored.Too much time is spent running across huge empty cities , or across huge empty landscapes . The crafting is boring . The economy is broken . The combat is horrible.There are way too many `` annoyances that verge on insult `` Like the bank box window that opens really tiny behind the character 's inventory window , every single time.Like when the game crashes or gets bugged , and you have to restart , you are forced to wait through each of the splash screens with no way to bypass this self congratulatory delay by _ all _ the companies involved.There 's a lot of good work and thought in this game , you can see it , but it 's ruined by things like an awkward interface and bulky window frames that waste half your screen space.Frankly , i would eagerly sacrifice the really annoying 3d rotation of every item in my inventory , in exchange for just a few more frames per second :-LRB- Yes , there 's lag in the nearly empty cities . I guess it 's all the fidgety NPCs .
 Was hoping for the best but ended up being very disapointed.Graphics are great but the game play suffers . Will give it another try in six months or so . Hopefully they will fix most of the bugs and maybe even expand it a bit.Back to `` Earth & Beyond '' for now .
 Summary : Overall
 I have played Star Wars
 I buy most every game that comes out . I have a 1900 + rating in AoC and hovered just below 2k in AoM when I played . I also play most of the other MMORPGS with the exception of DAOC , just not my speed.I have never , ever seen a game that has this many catastrophic flaws and bugs . The server has been down at one point or another nearly every single day since it opened , and that is nothing ... A multitude of people have had everything they owned deleted out of the blue , most people have had some significant items deleted at one time or another . It is very hard to move to any new area of town without someone mentioning out loud that they just signed in and ` such-and-such ' is now gone.Creatures magically disappear when you fight them , usually just before they die so you get no credit for fighting them . They also teleport in clear view on top of you because the servers are apparently VIC28s.There were a plethora of exploits known in the beta that they chose to ignore and let the people paying to support the game -LRB- which is still much less reliable than eves beta was , or EEs beta for that matter , which actually was buggy -RRB- use to advance to endgame levels that now have been made unapproachable for months to most . They embraced the `` exploit early , exploit often '' principle , mostly because a number of them play the game online ... and also post on the website trashing anyone who has a problem with anything they do -LRB- under their player names , which does n't denote that they are monetarily connected the game to anyone who has n't happened to get to know them ingame -RRB- , and delete totally legitimate posts -LRB- I have never had one deleted , but many of the ones that get deleted are just being deleted to promote a fraudulent image of the state of the game , which is terrible -RRB- . Worst of all , there are untold numbers of bugs that were known in the beta that made the game completely unplayable , but they chose to ignore so that they could release the game and force the fans of star wars to pay to support it for them -LRB- please keep in mind , I play most MMORPGS , this is so far out of the realm of the minute amount other games have done that it makes Shaq-Fu look like viable product -RRB- . There was 30 days playing time promised on the box . Out of the 30 days , there was a grand total of 1 that I was able to play without having a fatal error on their end make it unplayable . Having their faulty code damage stats as if armor was on 2 or 3 times over when no armor was on -LRB- making some stats negative :P -RRB- and insuring anything that touched you would kill you in 1 hit until the next day -LRB- or longer sometimes -RRB- when they would finally shake it off your character . Crashing for no reason and killing your character in the process , world comes back up an hour -LRB- or day , or 2 -RRB- later and your character has huge wounds that force you to sit around in a hospitol for up to an hour ... WHEEEEE . Deleting all your equipment and your money so you run around with starter gear trying to get money is real fun then . Having havesters dissapear with a weeks worth of gathering in them . Having entire suits of top grade armor regularly disappear when they are bought . All these things and thousands more were known before release and are acceptable to them -LRB- call their reps online and ask about the 30 days the box promises , they openely say could care less about any promises made and they will make no attempt to make ammends for charging you to play while their servers are completely unavailable . They released it anyway to make star wars fans -LRB- figuring they are loyal and could thus be exploited -RRB- pay for what is supposed to be pre-release troubleshooting and quality control.It is a shame and I am frankly stunned that Sony would allow this travesty to be enacted under their name :-LRB- - true __ ibnFrey -LRB- Please save yourselves the frustration , lost time and effort . Eve online runs fantastically and is so well taken care of that it may well be the next long-term MMORPG to make it truly huge , AC2 has finally begun to listen to the gaming community and has been quietly building up a hard-earned fan base , a couple my buds play , Blizzard always comes through and there are other MMORPGS on the horizon -LRB- I ca n't wait for City Of Heroes ^ ^ -RRB- . -RRB- ** edit ** for the fanboys trying to blame the systems of people who are playing this game and honestly trying to warn other people from getting robbed , here are my specs
 I recently purchased the Collectors Edition of Star Wars Galaxies , and since I 'm only just getting in to it all I will not review the game , but the contents of the box itself . The Collectors Edition box is leather , heavy and very well made , and very fitting for a game with so much to live up to ! The Collectors Edition comes with the following : The Game
 i wonder how many of the positive posters work for soe.we used to have 32 professions but soe decided to delete21 of them . i feel so bad for the players their professionsgot deleted . the combat is a joke and meant for 5yr olds.only my 5yr old son has fun with click click click swingswing swing . and even 10min later my son is smart enoughto want sesame street instead . soe has no respect for the vets in the game . how would you like your profession deleted after playing 21/2 yrs and your rare items you have collected also made useless ? this is not how you treat loyal customers.there is no fun in pvping . it gets boring fast . what challenge is it that their is no decay and when you die you do n't lose anything or penalties ? you die , clone , die , clone . after whileit gets sickening killing the same guy over and over and he does n't lose anything . if you find click click clicking challenging you must be 10yr old or younger . reminds me of an old atari game i played when i was 8yrs old.stay away from this game unless you want your heartbroken .
 Pointless , monotonous and completely underdeveloped . This game might improve within 6-12 months , when the developers actually finish it . Makes me feel like I paid for a movie and was only allowed to watch the previews . Horribly boring combat system , broken quests , empty zones and an absolute pointless game .
 The game is awesome not only does it comes with a requsite subscription service so you may have the privledge of paying up to 143 dollars a year in fees . But waiting to pay is harder than getting into a NYC hotspot . Given the ammount of time they pushed back the release date one should expect them to have maintained a proper backend infrastructure instead of trying to run the subscription service off an apple IIe in some guys basement .
 This game used to be cool , and one of the Best MMO 's out there.However , in the past few months , Sony Online Entertainment has completely scraped the original game coding and rewritten it from scratch.There used to be 30 + professions to play , and players used to be able to mix them and be hybrids.Now there are only 9 professions , and players are stuck in their jobs ... You wan na be a Smuggler , great your a smuggler , only there is no smuggling existent in the game ... and you ca n't play your favorite Stars Wars musical instrument anymore in the Cantina 's ... as a side job.The Combat System in the game has been overhauled at least twice in the last few months , the original system completely scraped and re-coded from scratch.All these changes to the game are forced upon the players by SOE , and the players have to download them from SOE 's servers to make sure their installed version is up to date with SOE 's version.Some of the downloads take hours , some even days for Dial Up users . I have to burn all the downloaded updates into a CD or DVD for a friend of mine , and mail them to her because she gets them quicker that way . . because her Dial Up takes 36 + hours to download the biggest updates , and she can only let the download run for a few hours a day.The game , at the present time ... November 21st , 2005 ... the Game sucks . SOE keeps promising changes to make things better , but they 're either not coming fast enough for the players ... or they just never come out with the cxhange at all ... Smuggler 's have been waiting 2 years now for the `` promised '' ability to be able to Smuggle in the game ... Players are cancelling their accounts left and right.SOE , on the day of their latest , and largest recode of the game ... two weeks ago , Fired their Community Correspondent -LRB- Tiggs , a very popular person with the players -RRB- who is their voice between us the Players . . and them ... because they did n't like what she was telling them what we were saying about the changes.The game is supposed to be set in the timeperiod between the first two , Original Movies ... Star Wars Episode IV
 I beta tested this product through phases 3 & 4 -LRB- final phase -RRB- . While it was reasonably fun , and certainly has potential to be a great game , to be perfectly blunt they went live with it before it was ready . As it stands , Star Wars
 After waiting over a year to get into the beta test , I was shocked at how just plain bad a game could be ... The graphics and music are very well done . That 's the only nice thing I can say about the product.Constant crashes , you 'll encounter a bug every 5 minutes at least . Bugged items that do n't work or wo n't equip when they should.The most boring example of skill building you can dream of . I thought Ulitma Online was tedious when mining ... well SWG takes tedium to a whole new level . There is no sense of community , nothing fun to do . . and the skills are laughable . That being said , I feel bad so many talented people worked so hard . . but bottom line is do n't waste your money . I am also a die hard Star Wars fan , but even that is n't enough to make me enjoy it.I 'd go with Dark Age of Camelot if you like game play/skills advancement or There , they have working transportaion , even multi person flying cars unlike starwars endless running , and only single person cars when they are released -RRB- if you like socializing with games as a sub set of the product rather then the focus then There is a great game -LRB- TSO fans are moving to this game left and right -RRB- .
 This game is no longer able to play . It is a online game , and all the servers has been shut down . It was a great game . But they destroyed it . After the destruction , many subscribers left quit playing the game.On December 15 , 2011 at 9:01 PM Pacific time , the servers of Star Wars Galaxies shut down , disconnecting those still playing and not allowing any entry back to the game .
 Sony 's Star Wars Galaxies can not be played online anymore . Sony Lucasarts pulled the plug . It 's replacement is Star Wars
 I have been Beta testing this game for quite some time now and I was honestly ready to buy it up until the last update patch . Do yourself a favor , do not buy this game for another 6 months or so . It is not finished , I repeat IT IS NOT FINISHED . There are a ton existing bugs and server problems that will make it unbearable to play for quite a while . They have made any type of advancement take weeks to accomplish so that you do not advance into the unfinished parts of the game . You are honestly paying for open Beta testing . This is the status quo for online games nowdays -LRB- minus anything from Blizzard -RRB- . I had high hopes for this game and was looking forward to its release , but now I am being forced to look for something else to entertain me . Only reason I gave it 2 stars was because the graphics are extremely well done .
 black-tiger from Miami , FL United StatesIt 's not worth the price of the box nor the 15 bucks a month . I spent 2 months playing and then they decided to nerf my character to heck and back . And they 're preparing to nerf other professions as well , this is another beta test which people should not have to pay for . I am very disappointed . I was having fun but it 's no fun when they release a game that they claim is finished only to have it drastically change in one sweep of the nerf-bat . Anyway you have been warned . Those that like it see the potential . I do too , but it 's not there yet , therefore not worth the money to invest . Give them a year or 2 and maybe it 'll be up to snuff then and the nerf-bats will be put away .
 I played SWG since 2003 ... it was fun in the beginning , until they released the `` New Game Enhancements '' = NGE . SOE -LRB- Sony Online Entertainment -RRB- did an CU where they changed the core rules and not an year later the made the NGE . Most of my Equipment , where i spend much time to get it is useless now.There are no longer 30 professions , only 9 iconic professions left . They want to make the game more '' Star Warsy '' ... . its really Star Warsy when an lvl 80 jedi get killed by two lvl 50 enemies.There is no longer item decay ... . so the crafters will leave the game.The game has only the state of an Alpha version ... . bugged everywhere . I will miss my old Star Wars Galaxies ... after NGE its not the game i bought .2 accounts canceld now ... RIP SWG
 However much of a Star Wars fan I may be , I have more experience in the field of MMORPG than I would like to admit , which brings a few painful tears to my eyes when I think about this new addition to the Star Wars galaxy -LRB- no pun intended . -RRB- Did we all just whisk away the memories of disasters such as , oh , um ... World War 2 Online and the recent addition of Planetside , or the older versions of some venerable titles like Ultima Online ? No , I ca n't say that I am avoiding this new title like the plague , but I am afraid that such an ambitious project as SWG could just follow its predecessors to the junkyard . However , there are titles that are out there that keep you coming back for more , but I do n't see how this is going to follow suit!I mean , pay-to-play is a great idea , but did anyone look at the real big sellers these days ? Medal of Honor , Battlefield 1942 , Half-Life . I do n't see these guys running a $ 8 - $ 14 monthly charge so you can run around and `` interact '' with friends online . Sure , those games are basically a run n ' gun field day which only last about 30 minutes a leg , but the real gamers -LRB- averaging daily 6 to 8 thousand peak for MOHAA and BF1942 and 16,000 for HL -RRB- stay on for hours at a time enjoying the conversation and mindless chaos ... for free!I 'm keeping the $ ... in the bank -LRB- plus the monthly fees -RRB- or putting it to good use with RAM or video card upgrades -LRB- you 'll need it for upcoming titles like Doom 3 anyway . -RRB- Star Wars keeps high on my list -LRB- as long as Lucas does n't keep up with these horrendous `` prequels '' , -RRB- but the gaming industry in this field is best left for the people who come home at the end of the day and just want to kick back , relax , and unload a few rounds online into your neighbor whose dog wo n't shut-up !
 This game was great at one point but has been completely redone . It is more like EQ2 & World of Warcraft now . If you are looking for either of these games with a Star Wars feel this is it right now . If you have to get this game I would not get the collector 's edition . Its not worth the extra money and all you get are some funky glasses you can wear ingame
 It started as a game of skills , -LRB- one of a kind on the PC gaming market -RRB- as you moved up in the skill tree , you were given more enhancements , more moves , more excitement . When you mastered a tree , you had all the powers and could do basically whatever you wanted , go fight some tuskins , go hunt , succeed . It was pretty cool . It was even fun to group up with a bunch of friends and do the harder missions . It was different . You had a choice of soloing it , or grouping up to get some extra XP . It was fun . Roaming around the different planets and seeing the different creatures , different landscapes , the graphics were pretty amazing . I played this game with a bunch of people , form 16-45 . It allowed all ages to immerse themselves in different ways . We had armorsmiths , weaponsmiths , I myself was a master dancer for quite sometime and really enjoyed it . I even got married in game in front of the whole cantina.I have a lot of memories . Fond memories . But they are all gone now . Those skills I worked so hard for , are gone , master dancer , it means nothing now , all my friends they are gone , including the character I married . Why you ask?Well a new upgrade was released , it was called the Combat upgrade . it changed that cool skill based system into a level system , -LRB- you can find those with EQII and WOW , -RRB- it put so many limitations on the game that many of us have left . We have begged for information from the development team and management , but we do not receive any information . They have literally ignored us . Then they tell you the consumer whom have never played this game that the `` community '' loves it . * sigh * some do , but most do n't . If you want a level up game go try WOW or even Guildwars , better graphics and less bugs . If you must have Star Wars , try one of the other games , this one is very sick and in need of alot of help . It will be a waste of money to pay them $ 15.00 a month when you can get Knights of the old republic and only spend the $ 50.00 that one time.Just some advice for the consumer . It was a great game , but all the professions are gone . The excitement is gone . Most of all , the fun is gone .
 This game simply does not deliver . I 've played from the start and the game is still not ready for retail release . The number of non-functional professions and bugs is simply mind numbing . This game more closely resembles Pokemon than Star Wars - everyone in the game has a pocket monster that they use to attack other players and creatures with.There is no content in this game . Most of the quests still do not work.Game mechanics are horrid . Do NOT waste your money on this junk . After you buy the box you still have to pay $ 15 / month for a game that does n't work ! Do n't waste your money .
 Well I have to say when I first got this game the first few monts were fantastic I had an awesome time leveling up my character hanging out with friends online and enjoying the game . Then suddenly I realized that after playing for 3 months I was doing the same thing I had been doing for the past 3 months just with harder monsters and no interesting stories and quests.With all of my friends loosing interest due to lack of interesting entertaining content such as epic quests a solid galactic storyline and no space expansion I found myself bored and the game felt more like a job then a game . The game is designed beautifully but if you like to play rpgs to take part in moderately deep and interesting quests then this game is not for you . However if you like to make your own life this game is for youThere are also some major balance issues with character classes massive amounts of nerfs going on during the game and more . I must say that this game has lots of potential but it just does not have a high fun factor and replay value . Which is why I cancelled my account as well . I may check this game out in the future once a few expansion come out and more interesting engrossing content is added such as quests that take weeks to complete and are very rewarding with items and the story that unfolds . Until then this game will stay on the shelf where it belongs and wo n't be coming down anytime soon . If your looking for an MMORPG with more story I would sugges everques FFXI which has quite a nice storyline system and the upcoming World of Warcraft which has lots of potential in the content department .
 I buy most every game that comes out . I have a 1900 + rating in AoC and hovered just below 2k in AoM when I played . I also play most of the other MMORPGS with the exception of DAOC , just not my speed.I have never , ever seen a game that has this many catastrophic flaws and bugs . The server has been down at one point or another nearly every single day since it opened , and that is nothing ... A multitude of people have had everything they owned deleted out of the blue , most people have had some significant items deleted at one time or another . It is very hard to move to any new area of town without someone mentioning out loud that they just signed in and ` such-and-such ' is now gone.Creatures magically disappear when you fight them , usually just before they die so you get no credit for fighting them . They also teleport in clear view on top of you because the servers are apparently VIC28s.There were a plethora of exploits known in the beta that they chose to ignore and let the people paying to support the game -LRB- which is still much less reliable than eves beta was , or EEs beta for that matter , which actually was buggy -RRB- use to advance to endgame levels that now have been made unapproachable for months to most . They embraced the `` exploit early , exploit often '' principle , mostly because a number of them play the game online ... and also post on the website trashing anyone who has a problem with anything they do -LRB- under their player names , which does n't denote that they are monetarily connected the game to anyone who has n't happened to get to know them ingame -RRB- , and delete totally legitimate posts -LRB- I have never had one deleted , but many of the ones that get deleted are just being deleted to promote a fraudulent image of the state of the game , which is terrible -RRB- . Worst of all , there are untold numbers of bugs that were known in the beta that made the game completely unplayable , but they chose to ignore so that they could release the game and force the fans of star wars to pay to support it for them -LRB- please keep in mind , I play most MMORPGS , this is so far out of the realm of the minute amount other games have done that it makes Shaq-Fu look like viable product -RRB- . There was 30 days playing time promised on the box . Out of the 30 days , there was a grand total of 1 that I was able to play without having a fatal error on their end make it unplayable . Having their faulty code damage stats as if armor was on 2 or 3 times over when no armor was on -LRB- making some stats negative :P -RRB- and insuring anything that touched you would kill you in 1 hit until the next day -LRB- or longer sometimes -RRB- when they would finally shake it off your character . Crashing for no reason and killing your character in the process , world comes back up an hour -LRB- or day , or 2 -RRB- later and your character has huge wounds that force you to sit around in a hospitol for up to an hour ... WHEEEEE . Deleting all your equipment and your money so you run around with starter gear trying to get money is real fun then . Having havesters dissapear with a weeks worth of gathering in them . Having entire suits of top grade armor regularly disappear when they are bought . All these things and thousands more were known before release and are acceptable to them -LRB- call their reps online and ask about the 30 days the box promises , they openely say could care less about any promises made and they will make no attempt to make ammends for charging you to play while their servers are completely unavailable . They released it anyway to make star wars fans -LRB- figuring they are loyal and could thus be exploited -RRB- pay for what is supposed to be pre-release troubleshooting and quality control.It is a shame and I am frankly stunned that Sony would allow this travesty to be enacted under their name :-LRB- - true __ ibnFrey -LRB- Please save yourselves the frustration , lost time and effort . Eve online runs fantastically and is so well taken care of that it may well be the next long-term MMORPG to make it truly huge , AC2 has finally begun to listen to the gaming community and has been quietly building up a hard-earned fan base , a couple my buds play , Blizzard always comes through and there are other MMORPGS on the horizon -LRB- I ca n't wait for City Of Heroes ^ ^ -RRB- . -RRB- ** edit ** for the fanboys trying to blame the systems of people who are playing this game and honestly trying to warn other people from getting robbed , here are my specs
 I 'm on dialup , and the game said it can be played on dialup . Well it ca n't . After 50 straight hours spent downloading the patches , I finally got to start the game . It was as boring as boring can be . Plus , at dialup speed , just forget it . I complained to Sony and they were `` gracious '' enough to refund my monthly subscription money . But I 'm still out the $ 20 I paid at Walmart.I 'd give this game negative stars if that was an option . No use rehashing what the others have said . The missions are pointless , unrealistic , take forever to complete , and grant you very small rewards.This game is a complete STRIKE OUT .
 I have played SWG since it went public . The graphics and potential it gave when i first started was amazing.After the first month the game lost its luster and it became a boring ` grind ' for everything.There is extremely poor Customer Service and if you have a problem 99.99 % of the time you are out of luck - forget getting any help of any kind.The great `` Profession '' you just mastered . . dont count on it staying the same for long - every porfession has benn significantly changed and will be changed over and over again - it seems they cant make up their minds on what each RPG skill is supposed to do.You will most likely NOT make a Jedi character - there is some super secret path that only the hardest hard core players have the time to `` Grind '' away and then THROW all those weeks of work away only to start all over again and again and again ... its very boring.anyway ... i made the mistake of getting a 6 month pass , when it is over , i will drop this game without a second thought .
 Star Wars
 I 'm a big Star Wars fan , and could n't resist buying this game . The graphics were great , but everything else was simply either broken or not there . Gameplay is far below average for an MMORPG , there is practically no player interaction except when someone needs something . The PA -LRB- Player Association -RRB- system was a great idea , except that the features it grants players hardly ever work . The GuildChat option to talk to your PA buddies is down a 1/4 of the time , and they 've already had 1 major incident were all PAs were disbanded . On top of many , upon many bugs in the game , the PvP is pointless since there is 1 class that can decimate all others in 1-2 shots . And if your one of those being lured in by the hope of getting a Jedi character , buy Jedi Academy , because it is unlikely that even the people who have been playing since first day of release will open their Force-Sensitive Character Slot for at least a few more months , and even if they did , whatever they did to do it has nothing to do with how you do , its completely random . There is no Jedi you can go and talk to and all of a sudden you become a Jedi , you must complete a series of tasks -LRB- which are designed to take months to complete -RRB- of which noone is told what they have to do , to open the Force-Sensitive Character Slot , and only that character is capable of becoming a Jedi . Its a total rip . If all of that appeals to you , then this is your game ...
 Well for me Star Wars has always been one of the most pop candy of all sci-fi 's so the game scares me that it will follow in that line , especialy now that they have taken out the dark jedi as being playable .
 Dear god in Heaven this game is trash but it is still in away funif you are an avid starwars fan like my self this game is awsome to bad it costs 20 friggin bucks a month it cost to much that even a true fan is given considerable pain and there are no space craft space and the jedi are weaklings tou want a starwars game try dark forces or JK2 or Kinghts of the old republic
 Never buy anything from Klear-Gear ! Their products do n't arrive and there is no customer support whatsoever . They do not even acknowledge emails or answer their so-called support phone . I will NEVER buy from this company again and suggest that everyone note their name and avoid them .
 We have one of these in our office . The up and down movements never worked . The missiles shoot three feet at best . If you are in an office prepare to shoot only the person sitting in the cube next to you . It does have a laser , which is always neat , but this thing is a piece of crap .
 Do not ever buy from this website they steal your money and do n't deliver . You can try calling customer service and you always get directed to an answering machine no matter what choice you put , and i still have not recieved notice of when i will get my money back but yet they were quick to charge my bank account . I REPEAT DO NOT EVER BUY FROM THIS COMPANY .
 This pad is one of the worst products I 've ever come upon.I ordered two of these on Amazon because the price was pretty good , and I thought it would be fun to do some DDR again.One of the boxes came in a bad shape , it looked like it was stepped on and the sides were bent and damaged.I opened the package and inspected the contents , upon inspecting I happen to notice a small lever that sets the pad to player1 , player2 , or off.I touch the lever and it just falls off ... OK , I guess it was during shipping that the pad got messed up.So I decide to try it out anyway , the receiver can not recognize the pad if you move more than 2 feet away from it -LRB- thought this thing was supposed to be wireless ? -RRB- The battery dock can not hold the batteries in place , it can not lock after putting the batteries in.Pad also lags ... so what the point of this thing ... nothingWill be returning this as soon as possible .
 This game can only be watched , it CA N'T be played . There are NO ways to interrupt the game . It 's a commercial for the Chrysler car company and a total waste of time and money . DO N'T buy it !
 XBOX 360 controllers are USB . This is just a standard Xbox 360 controller . Do n't pay extra money for a `` PC compatable '' controller , as they are all just USB.I use my standard 360 USB controller on my PC with windows no problems , works fine for me with the default plug and play driver on windows . Also I hear microsoft has a free controller driver download if you do a search for it.Bottom line is , they are trying to charge you extra for `` PC compatability '' , when they are already PC compatable .
 I ordered the wireless controller but recieved the normal wired controller ;--LRB- The XBOX360 controller works just fine happy to say just hate the extra wires .
 dosent work for most games total waste of money gone back to a cheap powerwave controller at least it works . .
 Good product just have n't taken time to work with it . I 'm still more of a mouse/keyboard gamer .
 This controller is the biggest letdown I 've ever experienced with a gaming console . Since it was standard with the system I bought , I had no choice . There is at least a 2-3 second delay with each action I take with it . I press ` A ' to accept the letter ` a ' for my profile name , and three seconds later it appears . Try selecting plays in Madden with that kind of delay . This is a completely worthless piece of garbage . BTW , I 'm working within 4 feet of the console , with nothing in between the controller and the console . Perhaps I got a lemon . Garbage .
 Great controller , works wonders on those PC games -LRB- I 'm looking at YOU Assassins Creed -RRB- that have poor KB/M controls ... just do n't buy from Amazon . It did n't even ship till a week after I purchased them , then took over a week from then to arrive ... odd .
 I AM NOT REAL HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT AND I AM DISGUSTED WITH THE SUPPORT FROM MICRO SOFT.WHEN I DOWNLOADED THE CD MY COMPUTER AND PLUGGED IN THE USB CABLE I LOST ALL MY SOUNDIN MY COMPUTER , I WENT TO THE TROUBLE SHOOTING PROGRAM WINDOWS XP HAS AND IT INDICATED THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH INSTALLATION , I STILL HAVE NO SOUND WHEN IT IS HOOKED UP . I CA N'T GET ANY HELP FROM ANYBODY TO ADDRESS THIS PROBLEM , SO I DO N'T USE IT . I THREW IT IN THE CORNER WITH ALL THE OTHER JUNK I GOT THAT DO N'T WORK BECAUSE I CA N'T RETURN IT .
 While this controller lives up to its name -- it is , indeed , an Xbox 360 controller -- I found that it really gives Windows some firmware issues . Glaring ones.This is a good quality controller , but for some bizarre reason , it messes up Windows ' audio drivers , so sound input quality drops tremendously and anything that goes through a microphone or such ends up incoherently fuzzy . Supposedly others have had issues with this controller and their computer 's audio-out as well , but I personally have not experienced this.I first bought one of these in February of 2008 when I had the run-in with the sound issue . After calling up Microsoft support when I could n't find a clear answer online , they tried to pin the problem on my microphone , which has been working for me for over a year prior to buying this controller ! I am no fool -- it is clear that this controller causes the problem , as the issue only occurs when the controller is plugged in and can not be remedied without rebooting while the controller is unplugged.I bought one again this March of 2009 , and much to my surprise , Microsoft has not even tried to fix the problem , it seems . On principle , I see no reason why they should keep my money.If you are going to use this controller for games and do not often use your audio-in for voice chat and such , then by all means ; it 's a magnificent controller . But unless you do n't like keeping common PC functionality , do n't waste your money on it .
 When I received the controller I installed the software and immediately my sound on my computer sounded horrible . I immediately uninstalled it and did system restore to get my sound back . $ 40 bucks wasted .
 I need this for my job - I develop software . The first controller I got was defective immediately - the right joystick would not register input most of the time when pushed to the right - it worked when pressed to the left . I sent it back and , since I need it , I requested a replacement from Amazon . The second one seemed fine for around a week , now the right joystick physically sticks - that is , when you press it to the right , it gets stuck in that position which , as you might expect , means it is constantly sending that particular signal/event to the PC.For those ridiculous fanatics out there that ca n't imagine anything from Microsoft is garbage and that I , therefore , must be doing something wrong let me say that I have been a successful software developer for over 20 years and have been playing video games for just as long . I am not being hard on the controller - I have NEVER had any video controller on ANY game console I have ever had fail in ANY way EVER -LRB- and I have had at least one and sometimes two of just about any game system you can think of -RRB- . I am not being hard-on this controller at all . Two of these have failed within one week - that is pretty abysmal.I do n't know if I 'll return this - for developing software , it is annoying , but I can probably work around it and I do n't want Amazon to think I am yanking their chain - but this is one of the shoddiest pieces of merchandise I 've ever purchased .
 Even after calibrating both sticks , the left stick never returns to center all the way . On my first stick it would randomly pull to the left when centered , on my second it randomly pulls to the right.What stinks is that I 'm stuck with it as many games -LRB- such as Just Cause 2 -RRB- will not work with any controller but this one .
 1 -RRB- Just buy the normal wired controller for the Xbox 3602 -RRB- Connect it to the usb port on your computer3 -RRB- Go to microsoft 's web site4 -RRB- Download the Xbox 360 Controller for Windows Program5 -RRB- PLAY on your computer anygame you want using the controller6 -RRB- Dance in your underwear cause you just saved 20 BUCKS
 After playing this game for the third time I had a thought , ` WHY DID I BUY THIS ! ' This game is extremely unoriginal and gets boring very quickly . I can not notice any difference and improvements from the first ballers and other NBA Street 's . Save your money and do not purchase this dreadful game .
 This game is nothing more than a neat gimmick , and that 's about it.Don ' t get me wrong . I have a huge DS library full of completely awesome games . Castlevania
 This game is a weak attempt at an RPG . I was highly unimpressed with the graphics , music , and the storyline . You 're basically a young kid whose gifted with magic , and you 're family is turned to stone by a giant crow . You need to travel to the Monster Tower -LRB- yes , it 's actually called that -RRB- to find the monster that turned your family into stone . The dialog quickly -LRB- first 5 minutes -RRB- becomes tiresome , and the fight sequences are sadly put together . If you 're a small child , and you have n't played the quality RPG 's like Final Fantasy you may think this game is good . I can tell you that as an adult this game was a waste of money . Avoid it , unless you really enjoy completely monotonous gameplay , with bad music and terribly translated Japanese -LRB- your companions are called Familiars -RRB- .
 I hate this guitar , I spent way too much money on this to not have it connect for even one full song ! I do n't know why it ca n't maintain a connection , but I would suggest NOT buying . It 's a waste of money !
 This game is a snorefest . I got this for a 7 year old girl who likes Bratz and ponies . I played it for a little bit and the little games/missions are so infantile and uninteresting . It makes use of the stylus , e.g. using a needle to string up beads , using the stylus to clean up the horses . It lacks adventure and a general sense of purpose . The music makes me want to go to sleep too . I should 've just gotten any of the mario games or even pokemon .
 This game was nice in theory , but I never really used it . I think it would difficult to use this game to accomplish any serious weight loss .
 You can buy every game in this bundle for about $ 20 a piece making buying the whole bundle seperately cost $ 100 . Lower the price to maybe $ 90 and there 's a slight chance that someone may actually buy it .
 My mom got this for me for Christmas not long after it came out . We both figured that since the first one was alot of fun , the second should be just as good . I was wrong . The gameplay is nothing like the first . Instead of finding Heart Containers to build up your life and buying new equipment , Adventure of Link is more like an RPG . You have to kill enemies to get experience points , and you can learn spells . The game itself also is a bit more difficult . You have 3 lives and once you loose them , that 's the end . You can continue just like before , but you restart at Hyrule palace , and Hyrule has become alot larger.Overall , the game mechanics really are not that great , but if you are into building your character more , then give this game a try .
 I bought this for my 8 yr old daughter to play with her friends . . they love horses and Mary Kate and Ashley . The most fun they had was picking the horse , outfits and rider . Other than that they were mostly frustrated . Even the beginners circle was difficult . There were not clear enough instructions on where the trail was and either Mary Kate or Ashley just keeps repeating you are not on the trail over and over but does not help you get back to the trail . The girls do not like this game - much prefer Barbie - although this is much more realistic . Needs more work !
 If you want a good horse game with care -LRB- feeding , grooming , braiding manes and tails , and cleaning out poop -RRB- get Horse illustrated Champion season . That game is millions of times better than that game .
 This game is a complete waste of your money . I 'm new to the gaming thing , and I still beat it in 1-2 hours . If anyone really wants to be miserable because they spent their -LSB- money -RSB- on something completely boring , this would certainly be a good way to go .
 My husband loves chess , and wanted to find an electronic alternative to his Palm Pilot . We ordered this product only to find that it is VERY hard to read / see the screen . You have to be in a certain type of light to see the chess pieces effectively . The LCD screen is n't that big , and it does n't have the option of lighting up for night time play . There may have been a glitch in ours because a few times it starting playing on computer mode once we turned it on . I would n't reccommend this product . Buyer beware .
 Just like Unreal , Quake is another great computer game that was quickly converted to PS2 in an effort to put it on the shelf for a quick profit . The vendor knows the game will sell because
 This game is the worst in its genre . After the 2nd quake , which was also bad , came something even worse quake 3 arena . After playing the pc , then renting the game for ps2 i realized that both were bad . Terrible controls , you ca n't win on normal diffuculty since the guys kill you easily , and the arenas are small and are terrible-looking graphics . Do n't buy this game , it is a waste of time and money !
 I love Quake so when I heard about this one I was so glad so I bought it and brought it home and guess what it sucked it wasnt like Quake 2 or anything It pissed me off If you are a quake fan dont buy this one Its a real disapointment
 I would suggest renting this game before buying it . Yes , the graphics are good . Not the best I 've seen but good . The part that this game goes down hill is game play . Your opponents just run around in the same pattern over and over . The controls are n't that in-depth . Just a basic zoom and I do mean basic the same for every gun , run , and strafe are about all these controls go into . Multiplayer on this game just do n't compare to other games in this such category . I do n't know if I would even spend the money to rent but if you think about getting this game it would be the way to go before buying . It was a nice first try for EA but not good enough . If you want a good first Person game get Time splitter .
 I 've spent hours playing Quake 3 on my PC . These hours add up to days , months even . I play online . I play in tournaments online . I ca n't get enough . The PS2 version is a mere shadow of the PC version . Graphics are muddy -LRB- even with an S-Video connection -RRB- , control is awful . I could write paragraphs expounding on the awfulness of the control . This game is designed for use with a keyboard and mouse . Some first person shooters can pull off the use of a controller -LRB- Southpark for N64 works wonderfully -RRB- . If you 've never played Quake 3 and you like first person shooters , buy it for PC -LRB- it almosts warrants buying the PC -RRB- . Anyone who likes this game even a little for PC should not consider renting this game - in fact , avoid even looking in its general direction , I admit to playing only multiplayer -LRB- with two others -RRB- . I did not try the story mode . I did not want to.Run away from this version . Better yet , destroy it as soon as you see it .
 Ok lets be honest , Playstation has already bought out Dreamcast in their babyish attempt to get rid of competition . You 're going to see Sonic the Hedgehog on PS2 soon . But one thing that itches me is that they butchered Quake 3 . Its a mere shadow of its former self now that PS2 got its grubby and greedy little hands on it . The graphics are one thing thats merely good . Dreamcast version was BETTER , because it had more availabilities . Now that the moneyhogs at Sony got their wish of getting rid of competition -LRB- the Dreamcast whooped it big time -RRB- , you will begin to see Sega-based titles appear on the PS2 . Maybe we 'll see Mario on the Playstation 2 in a few years . Who knows .
 Being a huge fan of FPS games , Quake III : Revolution was one of the reasons behind my decision to bite the bullet and buy the PS2 . Prior to yesterday , I had been thoroughly enjoying both Timesplitters and Unreal : Tournament , but figured that they 'd by resigned to the shelf once Quake III was released . Boy , was I wrong.The problems with Q : III are numerous . A big problem is the graphics which , despite being fast , become very muddy when distances increase marginally -LRB- even as viewed thru a component-video connection -RRB- . It is very difficult to spot a deathmatch opponent on the other side of a medium-sized room , even when the character is moving . Part of the problem here might be the use of color
 I read such glowing reviews of this game that I went out and bought it without giving it a test drive . This has to be without a doubt the most boring game that I have ever played . The graphics are below average and the game speed is so fast that you basically run around hoping to gather two frags before dying and starting over . I normally am a big Activision fan , but I feel like this genre is not really where their game designing strength lies . Many people apparently enjoy this game , but I would think twice before purchasing .
 We bought this game for our 5 year old and it is a very frustrating game to deal with . The menu is not at all intuitive . It is supposed to allow two players , but we -LRB- adults and kids together -RRB- could n't figure out how to get the game started . There must be a way , but we simply ca n't figure it out by following the menu or the instruction booklet .
 I bought this game because I thought it looked fun and I love horses . I was very dissapointed with it though . It gets very boring after the third or fourth time you 've played it . Sometimes I place first and one of the twins -LRB- not sure wich one i am not a huge fan of the olsen twins -RRB- says I did bad . The graphics are horrible and on the free ride the ribbons are no where to be found . This game could have been alot better but like I said it is fun the first few times you play it .
 I HAVE YET TO RECEIVE THE PRODUCT !!! I HAVE NOT BEEN BILLED BUT I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT !!!
 alright i dropped my rating to two stars cause it has been freezing up on me from time to time ... . always in the 8th or 9 inning too , which means i have to start over
 I just got this hoping for some new features , sad to report that this is nearly the EXACT SAME game as last years -LRB- TP 2001 -RRB- . The graphics evened seemed a little grainier than before . Sadly , some of the same problems still plague this game ... I am sick of having my shortstop or second baseman catching balls in the outfield ! The announcers have the same lines as last year , and SF 's Pac-Bell park still shows NO signs of the Giant Glove or Coke-bottle in left field ! What 's up EA ??
 This series has the best batter-pitcher interface , and graphics , but that 's about all . The defense and base-running are terrible ! It 's pretty easy to use a conservative swing and go the other way , but the way the ball reacts after being hit is not good ... I 've been playing baseball games since the original RBI ... I 've owned and played at least 25 different bsaeball games , -LSB- but -RSB- this series is terrible !
 Based solely on this product , I will never purchase or rent another game made by EA again . While the graphics are adequate , the game play -LRB- the most important thing -RRB- is like stepping back in time to the early 1980 's . More often than not , the game will freeze in extra innings . Also in `` Pro '' season and playoff mode , the game has a function that will automatically allow the team you are playing to catch up with you . So if you have a five-run lead , the next five guys you pitch to , no matter who they are , will hit solo home runs . Kind of defeats the purpose of competition , does n't it ? Do n't bother with this piece of garbage , and that goes for any other EA product as well .
 This is the worst game I have ever purchased . Money down the drain . The game constantly freezes , and if you talk to EA sports they tell you to turn your playstation on it 's side . Needless to say , it still freezes . It would be a decent game if it did n't freeze up , but there are better baseball games out there . Do n't throw away your money like I did .
 Every year the same thing - new rosters and the same game play . The real problem is that baseball is so long - how could anyone play an entire season ? Madden has it down . Great franchise modes - 16 games . That 's enough to keep you playing again and again.I rent this game every year - and every year I just end up playing the Home Run Challenge .
 I decided to take this game from the video store a few days ago surprised to see it still there . A newly released game still there on a friday , wow that is a surprise . I had the knack taht this game would be very similar , i did n't think it would be almost EXACTLY the saem . Not a single new feature . If the game says its going to dazzle you with new rosters you know that there ca n't be much else . I 'm also disturbed with why Buck Martinez is still anouncing . Buck , if you did n't know your coaching the Blue Jays pal . This game really got me mad . Other than new ballparks , the graphics , gameplay , announcing , and overall game is just the saem . 1 word , disgrace .
 this game is horrible . no changes except for rosters ... TP 2001 is the one to go with ... EA Sports , i used to declare you guys as the epitome of the sports video game industry . sorry ... you 're losin more points every year , and this latest piece of garbage is added proof . how sad ... to go from king of the hill to the court jester ... sega sports baby ... thats the way to go ... dreamcast is where it 's at ... peace
 In spite of the quality graphics and the entertaining opening -LRB- `` From Television City in Hollywood ... '' -RRB- , this game is ultimately a disappointment for true die-hard fans of the original game show . For one thing , the signature theme music and Dick Clark are both missing . For another , in single-player and two-player modes , the clues given by the `` celebrities '' are frustratingly inadequate . Success in the original show depended on the players ' ability to give clues that were both terse and cogent . In this PC version by Sierra , the `` celebrities '' speak much too slowly in the Basic Game and give clues that are wordy , redundant , and vague . In the Winner 's Circle , the `` celebrities '' give clues that include rambling descriptions , which was never allowed in the original show , where clues had to be limited to mere lists of things that belonged to each category . I have yet to play the game in Party Play mode , where four people can actually play against each other instead of relying on the computer 's ... `` celebrities '' for equally ... clues . For sheer nostalgia and good graphics , however , this PC version is probably worth the money .
 dont recomend buying this , the other remote is a lot better and i know for a fact cause my freind has it , it has many more feature like not haveing to plug or unplug your controler and has more buttons but i already bought it and all i have to say is get the saitek dvd remote they really screweed this one up compared to it competetion
 I bought this remote at the same time I purchased my PS2 . It does n't work with the vast majority of the movies that I rent , and I end up using the game controller , which in the end is just fine .
 When I picked up my PS2 I grab this thing too . It looked cool and said did all the same things as the other remotes.Home , this thing is backwards . I do n't know if it is just mine or what , but when I have to hit enter I actually have to hit ` cancel ' . I would have bought a different one if I had known -LRB- even if it looked dorky -RRB- .
 When I bought my PS2 I bought this remote less than 6 months ago . It does not work any more . One day it just stoped working . At first I thougt the batteries might be dead but when I put new ones in it still did n't work . I did n't drop it or anything I 've actualy been very carefull with the entire system having spent over a grand on the system accessories and games already . I just ordered the remote by Sony and I hope that one will last longer .
 You do n't need this , and if you do , Sony 's is better .
 I have n't purchased this item , and I am a bit skeptical why anyone would . If you have PS2 , then you obviously must have a controller , right ? Well , there you go . The PS2 Dual Shock Controllers , or any PS2 controllers , work as remotes when you are playing a DVD . The L and R buttons work as fast foward and rewind , while pressing either start or X enables you to pull up a menu of option -LRB- pause , play , stop , main menu -RRB- . Just pull out your PS2 manual and figure out the different controls for controlling the DVD player portion of PS2 . Do n't bother wasting your money on a remote when you can just use your controller .
 This is an excellent program . My daughter uses it at school and loves it . However , when I installed it on her laptop -LRB- she has a limited user account under Windows XP Service Pack 2 . -RRB- , I received an error message `` Could not create file for system settings . '' I went to the Broderbund website and found a technical note -LRB- ID
 I looked forward to plunging in and getting my typing up to speed . The program sounded great ! After I purchased the software and pulled half my hair out looking for a solution in the documentation and online I finally resorted to a long wait on hold to get to a tech . According to him , this program wo n't work on a wide aspect ratio screen ! Now after all that exhaustive searching , one would think that a tid-bit like that might show up somewhere . As these screens are becominig very common , I suggested that information like that should be included somewhere . For the time being it is a closely held secret .
 My son and I had been using Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Version 12 , making progress and having zero technical difficulties . What a great program that one is -- especially in comparison to Version 16 . Version 16 has numerous glitches . It frequently bumps my ten-year old son out of his lesson back into the classroom . You can imagine how this infuriates someone , particularly a little boy . Little things annoy also , like having 3 spaces after a period when I adjust the settings for 2 . The music comes on after i 've adjusted the settings for no music , etc.The most infuriating of all is the lack of product support . No phone support , almost hostile voice on phone advising me that my call is being terminated when I chose a software support option . Constant referal to the online support website , which does not have an item corresponding to the problems we are experiencing . And careless response to my email.Big disappointment after Version 12 was so great and funcitonal . We are looking at other software now and will no longer give enthusiastic recommendations for Mavis Beacon as we have in the past .
 I 'm a Mac user and it is beyond me how this program is ranked number one . Horrible graphics , lame GUI and finding support ... good luck.You have been warned ... DO NOT BUY THISMavis Beacon v16 equals complete junk !
 I read the previous reviews about the problems people were having , however , I bought the program anyway , hoping I would be one of the lucky ones . No such luck . I have seen other Mavis Beacon programs so I knew it was exactly what I wanted . For a while , it was . The program taught me all the basic keys , but , then it quit acknowledging my success . No matter how perfect I do the lessons , it WILL NOT move on and keeps making me review the same lesson . The same problem another reviewer wrote about earlier . I have looked everywhere for a fix , but , can not find one . I have removed/reinstalled the program , tried everything I could think of . To say I am discouraged and frustrated is an extreme understatement . I am sure I would have given it 5 stars had the program continued as it began . However , it is terribly lame to buy a typing program that fails to provide typing lessons : -LRB-
 This is one of the very few companies that provides no technical suport at all . Do not buy it !!
 Avoid this product . Broaderbund has n't done a decent update on this product . I guess they have n't heard of Windows . To boot it or leave it you have to click on one button after another through 2 screens and you ca n't move between it and other programs . What is with that?Why ca n't your computer just remember who you are and where you are in the program unless instructed otherwise when you hit the Mavis button ? After all it is a computer!I do n't know what else is out there but I would n't buy this again . Two thumbs down !
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 One reviewer says that Mavis Beacon 16 has n't discovered Windows . I concur . Running 16 Network on Windows 2000 P4 and it runs dog slow . What is it doing ? Re-sort a progress report with 25 students by clicking on a column tab and the program goes out to lunch . Not to mention that it takes over the computer like it was DOS -LRB- maybe it is running DOS -RRB- . It has some odd launcher program . THe instructions are measly and miserly . No instructions on how to setup on a network until you read the technical notes . Wrong place buddy . That stuff belongs in the primary docs , like a Getting Started section . I agree `` run from this '' . Find something better .
 My Treo 700P locks up every time I try to install it . I found this tech note , not in Broderbund tech support , but in Encore 's -LRB- parent corp. -RRB- web site
 Publisher said only Mavis Beacon Version 15 & 16 DVD had Dvorak keyboard tutorial . Did not find Dvorak on it except a reference . No tutorial . Not for Mac.My opinion is buy only latest which I think is 20 or near latest . Only for PC . All earlier versions should be scrapped.This thread will take you to a free tutorial that seems excellent for my Mac . It may do well on PCs , too . -LSB- ... -RSB- I paid only about $ 4 for a new DVD Version 16 , not much change from 15 , they say . With shipping was only about $ 8 . I will scrap my version 16 . Latest versions are great for PCs .
 I got new Sony Vaio with Windows VIst . When I tried to install MBTT 16 it cted like there ws no CD in the drawer .
 -LSB- WHY OH WHY , DIDN '' T THEY LEAVE IT ALONE ? IF IT AINT BROKEN , DO N'T TRY TO FIX IT ! -RSB- I have since had Mavis Beacon -LRB- Version No. 8 -RRB- so imagine my suprise when I tried out version 15.0 ! It 's amazing ! I agree with everything that the previous reviewer has said , -LSB- THEY LIKED IT ! -RSB- and so will you . I guarentee it . With each lesson , I found my typing skills and speed impoved so much that I no longer spend too many hours on the computer in the chat rooms , one touch finger typing through to the middle of the night . -LSB- OMG!I HAVE IMPROVED ! -RSB- Hubby no longer moans -LSB- YEAH , RIGHT -RSB- that I 'm always on the computer and my back no longer aches from excessive bending over the keyboard . All in all , it is a brilliant programme , with lots of useful tools and lessons for raising your awareness to those common pitfals of typing . With immediate results and an instant Words Per Minute result , you can not miss out . Think of that job promotion ! Think fast - type fast , and sucess will be yours!I wrote the above in 2004 , when computers were obviously not so awkard or complicated . Or should I say , when simple programmes were easy to use and worked fine?Either way , I did n't buy this version ! The warnings from the other reviewers were enough to convince me it was NOT worth parting with any of my hard earned cash for these updates.I can think up plenty of ways to render my computer useless -- but paying for the privilege ? No , thanks !
 There is practically no substantial difference between version 15 and 16 UNLESS you get the deluxe version of 16 . Then you have a few more games . I did find 16 for $ 4 . but had to pay $ 5 shipping/handling for each copy -LRB- even though it came in one package ! -RRB- . They should just put the price at $ 9 . and I would n't have been so irritated . Still , do n't bother getting version 16 unless you get the Deluxe , IMHO .
 It crashes constantly and I got so bored and frustrated with it that I stopped playing before winning .
 so yeah , some of my friends were talking about how fantastic this game is , so I got it . apparently my friends are not very smart or they are pathalogical liars . basically , my main beef with the game is , if you 're god -- why all the rules and restrictions ? people tell YOU what to do , not the other way around . you have a little god and a little devil guy telling you what to do all the time and you have to feed and maintain what amounts to a really stupid pet . your villagers have no idea how to build anything , you have to do all of that yourself . it 's basically just a strategy game where you have to defeat rival `` gods '' and listen to 2 stupid cartoon characters tell you what to do all the time .
 I regret ever buying this collection of loops . I was so excited when I first seen this product , thinking I can finally have steel and lap steel guitar in my songs . Wrong , these loops are about impossible to use in songs . They are very bland licks and they are very limited . There are not very many loops to choose from and they are not tempo friendly if you are trying to adjust them . The guitar licks do not sound country at all and the bass is very weak . Do not waste your money on this product .
 There are definitely some samples I can use on this set , but my biggest complaint is that the files are not acidized . Because of this , I had to do a lot of chopping up and time stretching of the loops included . I 'm glad I bought this on Amazon , however , because I really do n't feel that the loops are worth the retail price of $ 50 . You can find free legal -LRB- and sometimes acidized -RRB- loops all over the internet . Some of those would be worth more if a price tag was attached to them .
 I purchased this a month or two back and was only able to give it my son in the last few days . The entire reason i bought it was to get 6 games on one cartridge . I could 've found the two cartridges at cheaper prices not to mention that I probably would ` nt have bought my son the connect four cartridge -LRB- which he still has not yet played -RRB- if the description had been accurate . I 'm not happy .
 I play and play again and again and always the same race ? How can I advance in the game ... My child is boring about it , all the time is the same thing .
 Game did n't work . Listed as new , but looked used , even though it was shrink wrapped . Contacted seller who told me to return and i would get a replacement if in stock or money back ... . STILL WAITING >> >> >
 I bought the game expecting a racing game , and I got this little , cheesy , boring game filled with little mini games that use the stylus . I spoke to someone who had the PS2 version , and I think this version -LRB- DS -RRB- is different from the console version . I have played through the first 3 mini games , and they are really boring . NO Racing . My son was disappointed that you ca n't even play any of the main characters in the game -LRB- yet -RRB- . There 's a boring mini game with `` Snot rocket '' , and a `` Simon-like '' game where you match the colors blinking on a stop light , and a game where you go fill up gas tanks as fast as you can . Truly not a good game . Pick up Mario Cart if you want a good DS racing game .
 Hi , we purchased this game along with the Mario Bros for my 6yrs old Son , for Christmas , and he 's dissapointed witht he Cars game , it 's really boring for kids ... I just read the top review where it says you can unlock more games ... we will try that , maybe that makes the purchase worth ... I think a movie like cars , so beautiful , could have ended up in a more interesting game , that Kids would really love and want to play ...
 I purchased this game for my CARS-obsessed 3-year-old son . However , I am very disappointed in it . Instead of being a racing game , it is a game that requires the player to solve `` puzzles '' and perform certain tasks . The only racing aspect of the game that we have been able to unlock is where Lightning McQueen races Chick Hicks -LRB- very boring when it is done over and over -RRB- and although this entertains my son the first 3-4 times , he becomes very bored with it . The other tasks on the game are okay but get quite boring too . However , we have since purchased CARS Mater-National and HE LOVES IT ! Needless to say , this one has n't been touched since we purchased Mater-National .
 This might be an ok for a kid under 6 . But it was pretty boring none the less and a waste of time and money for the rest . It 's not an actual race game or anything , it 's just a hit the right spot on the screen at the right moments type of thing.If you think it 's going to be one of those racing games where one button is accelerate , ones break , and then steer them around the track , then you will be sorely mistaken . If thats what you are after , try `` Cars
 I bought this game for my son who is a Cars fan , but I notice that he plays only for 15 minutes when he goes and changes for another game.If you like a Car o racing game better buy MarioKart
 I bought this game for my son -LRB- 6yrs -RRB- , after watching the video review on Amazon . The actual game , at least the DS Lite version , is not what you see on the video review . Unfortunately , this is not a typical racing game . Most of the challenges have nothing to do with racing . Plus you have to use your stylus to play it . If you 're looking for a good racing game , do not buy this . Its a waste .
 While the movie appeals strongly to children under 8 years , this game is definitely too challenging for that same age group . My two boys are adept on Mario games and the Lego games but are just frustrated with this game . If you are looking for a racing game for a child under 8 years try Mario Karts .
 Simply put , this game is disappointing . Do n't waste your money , buy a different racing game instead . MarioKart -LRB- which allows online play -RRB- is better
 I collect DS games . My son loves them and on his own he now possesses over 60 titles . Also , he loves movies , specially Pixar and Dreamworks movies . So , I have been trying to get him some games that are based on a Pixar classic or similar , such as Cars -LRB- very bad -RRB- , Wall-e -LRB- boring -RRB- , Toy Story 3 -LRB- excellent -RRB- , Ratatouile -LRB- very good -RRB- , and so on . There about 20 DS games -LRB- besides the ones I already mentioned -RRB-
 I should have read the reviews before I got this game . It is very boring . I got it for my 4 year old . They played it for ten minutes then put it down . It 's just been sitting here . I guess it depends on your child 's interest , but I can tell you mine just did not like this one at all . They are not hard to please either . Try another game . This is not a racing game at all . Being that it 's a cars game , I thought that 's what I was buying . I ended up buying the sonic all star racing game . It 's ok
 Hate this game . Purchased it for my eight-year-old son , and he hates it . At first , I thought he just was n't finding all the play choices , but I tried it out myself , and it is , indeed , boring . Horrible , actually , unless you think washing cars and matching red-light patterns is fun and challenging . Ca n't really return it , as fault was not the seller 's . So we are stuck with this boring $ 19 game that we will have to try to trade for way less than we paid for it . Would recommend for a five-year-old , at the most .
 My daughter -LRB- 6 -RRB- played this game once for about 10 minutes and has not played since . She says it is too boring .
 The movie-based Cars on the Game Boy Advance was actually a pretty decent title . After all , Cars 's theme involves racing , and that 's material alone for a video game . Cars DS , on the other hand ... I have no idea what was going on behind this one.The game is actually ... a poor man 's minigame collection . The minigames you find on this thing are either dull or are knockoffs of old timey games . For example , the blinking traffic light minigame is just another Simon . The minigame with the car `` Snot Rod '' is a variation of bunches of LCD electronics , in which you just simply dodge cars . The minigame where you fill up gas for cars ... That 's just dumb and plays badly.Apparently , there just so happens to be racing ... But believe it or not , THAT plays more like a minigame than freaking Mario Kart !! On top of that , the AI is dumb as rocks . Chick -LRB- the green car -RRB- always wiggles around and the other cars just stay still . Oh wait ... I 'm only against Chick ? BULL . And guess what ? You can even cheat in the race . Just keep using the brakes to build up speed -LRB- Because you 'll automatically be moving forward anyway -RRB- , and once the finish line comes , just zoom in to win.And with no reason to come back , Cars on the DS is just plain trash . If you have a choice , PLEASE go get the Game Boy Advance version . It 's much more fun and actually has RACES .
 I was a little bummed out when I first played this game , because I thought it was going to be a lot more fun than it it is . There are only 3 things you can do and all of them are way to easy . Even for the 6 year old who I bought it for is n't impressed .
 The movie was so clever I really expected the game to be lots of fun and very engaging . It really has n't held my 7 y o and 4 y o 's attention like I had hoped , which is saying a lot since they only get to game once a week ! The racing is n't as good as Mario racing , the games and objectives are a bit confusing and not as challenging as they could be .
 My nephew was really looking forward to getting the game for his ninth birthday . He played it for an hour or so and had a lot of fun with it before the game locked up and had to be reset so he could continue.Unfortunately , this trend continued and the game continued to freeze every half-hour or so , and in different places under different circumstances . We returned it , thinking perhaps the disc was defective , but the replacement was exactly the same.While the game was relatively easy and he enjoyed playing as the familiar movie characters , the presence of multiple bugs made playing it an exercise in frustration . It is not an item either of us would recommend purchasing .
 Purchased this racing game for my grandchildren . They currently successfully play the Need For Speed series . The control setup is counterintuitive . The average age of my grandchildren is 7 years old . The cut scenes are two to three times as long as the actual play time . I 'll likely trade this game at the local used game shop .
 I think the person who wrote the first raving review worked for pixar or something because this game was a HORRIBLE buy . I bought this yesterday and my four and six year old have already lost interest even though they love video games and loved the movie . Its just a very very boring game a three year old might like it but I doubt it . We had 3 other boys over yesterday for a play date and all of them got bored with it within a fifteen minute time span . Dont waste your money if your kid is really begging for it , rent it for a weekend , I bet after that you wont hear anymore requests . Since I opened mine its going on ebay tomorrow .
 OMG ! THIS GAME IS WHACK ! THE GRAPHICS ARE TOO DUMB AND IT HAS A BAD CONTROL ! DONT BUY THIS ! ITS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!
 Hi , I 'm VERY desapointed since you ship my order on November 18,2006 and still I have n't receiced it yet !! This suppose to be my little kid present for Christmas and since I never got it a ran to the store the night before to buy him something else . I can rate the game sincve I do n't have the game .
 I bought this for my PSP so that if I was traveling with the kids they could play it -LRB- as opposed to their leapster -RRB- . Well it is too difficult for them , and for me as an adult it is my last choice . For a 8-12 year old , it is probably good , I just ca n't rate it high for myself or my kids .
 This is taking too long to get here . I am still waiting for it . When I recieve it i will give it a better review .
 Heard a lot of good things about this game , but once i played it in my personal opinion I have to totally disagree .
 My four year old received this game for Christmas . It is very repetitive and has little or no educational value . Probably the only good thing about it is he is learning how to use controller . I think the Leapster is the best bet for video games for kids . However I am thinking about getting him the Frogger Hop , Skip and Jump game and mat . Lets hope that 's not a waste of money too !!!
 This game only plays on my PS3 even though it is a PS2 Game !!! I tired contacting seller and they wo n't respond . I suggest statying away from seller -LRB- Coleman Biblio -RRB- and game !!!! I own two other Dora games that work great !! Better grapihcs game play , and they work on my PS2 !!! Bad BUY !!!!!
 Well I bought the game fr my 4 year old daughter and it wo n't play says disc error ! Any comment on resolving this issue ? please help !
 My son got this game for christmas , he was very exicited until we could n't play it because of a disc error ; I do have the ps2 ; also it makes a very loud disturbing noise every time i put the disc in the playstation .
 disregard the 3 other reviews , this game is not fun , it 's just a waste of your time and money . if I could give it zero stars I would . avoid this game at all costs .
 I dont think this was a vary good game at all.I saw it on the shelf at toys R us and thought it whould be a fun game for my 5 year old.Wean i got home he beat it in about 20 minuits i whatched him play it thare wasent that much to do in it expect bulid a rocket avoid swiper drive a car and fly to the purple planet.After the game my son was vary upset so we went back after lunch and we saw a game called sonic the hedgehog it was alot more callengeing for him and it didnt take about 3 minuits to load like the other one did we also got are 30 $ back wean we returend it.We have had to other dora games that wernt so good ether I think that Nick.Jr jest wants your money on these sort games that get you so upset.I think you should choose something else besides this
 Heres the story ok my little sister 4 loves playing are gamecube then after that we had to hide the e10 + and T but anyway we got her this game becuse it looked easy she played the frist 2 levels and was borad if you are someone under 5 and whants a good little kid game go get the nicktoons games or sonic and mario
 I think the product is over priced . Controller is small hurts thumb . The biggest thing is there is no duel shock feature which is not in desciption . I could have got a controller without duel shock for about 5.00 each .
 I 'm writing this review on the strength of my kids ' experience playing the version 1 of Pet Vet at a friends house one weekend , and then coming home and installing a one-hour preview of this Version 2 release . My kids liked the Version 1 release -LRB- it 's just called Pet Vet -RRB- , but they disliked this Version 2 release -LRB- called Pet Vet 2
 The game idea is a lot of fun . However , the game itself crashes back to the desktop sporadically . Very frustrating . I 'm running it on a 2.5 GHz desktop with Vista , a GeForce 8300 GS graphics card , dual-core processor , etc. . Fast computer handles Sims2 and ALL the expansion packs , Zoo Tycoon latest versions , Roller Coaster Tycoon , all expansions . No problems with any of these , but this Valusoft game wo n't work properly!Healing the animals is fun , building up your `` estate '' is fun . But the constant crashing is a pain in the rear-end . I updated my video drivers , uninstalled and re-installed the game and it worked fine for one day . When I rebooted the computer , BOOM , it started crashing again.My advice , save your money and stay away from valusoft games . That 's what I plan to do from now on .
 I bought this game for my daughter after she had been asking for it for quite some time . My computer does n't meet all of the game 's requirements.I 'm running Windows XP Service Pack 2 , Dell 's XPS Media Center Edition , Pentium D CPU 2.80 GHz , 0.99 GB of RAM , with 109 GB of free space . I installed the game and when I tried to launch it , the error message `` Pixel Shader Unavailable '' appeared . After uninstalling it and reinstalling it , I did a search and found out that I have the wrong video card for this game.We have many games on our computer and have never encountered this problem before . Some of the games we have are
 This is what my daughter wanted for Christmas . But here we are , Christmas day , and it wo n't work because of a pixel shader problem . And if you go to the website those folks say if your video card is more than six months old , you might have problems . Oh , well , thanks . Try explaining that to your eight year old . Merry Christmas .
 When I bought this game I had an old computer and was kind of disapointed because it required a very high graphics system . So I had to drive two hours away to the closest Best Buy with my brother and my dad to go and get a silly GeForce 1700 Graphic Card for my computer . It took about 30 minutes to take the old card out and stick the new one in . And once I started to play the game , it was a waste of my time and money ! I was very disapointed . It was not at all like the first one . The graphics were better , but the gameplay was not the same . I ca n't remember all of it because it 's been so long since I 've played it -LRB- about two years -RRB- . The only good thing about it was that the graphics were better and the surgeries were more detailed . It 's a fun game , but not as fun as the first one .
 My daughter is so excited to play , but it does n't work right . When trying to administer shots as it says to do , it keeps saying `` wrong instrument '' . And there is no way to exit the screen except to restart the computer . The horse riding does n't work correctly , even though she has fun with it . I 've found that it does n't do everything it 's supposed to , and sometimes if the horse runs off the track into a bush it gets `` stuck '' , where it wo n't turn or anything , just run in place . And again the only solution is to restart the computer . And it 's a shame because for people it works for , it sounds like fun , and my daughter loves to help animals and beams when she talks about the game but is very disappointed because it wo n't work .
 This cheap program will not work on a cheap machine . In fact , you 'll be hard pushed to find a computer with the high-end graphics requirement . My daughter was very upset . It not only did n't work on my dual processor laptop , it did n't work on my daughter 's almost new computer nor on her friend 's computer.I do n't recommend this software . It should work on kids ' computers , its a kids ' game . However , THQ was good about letting me know what the problem was . However , Valusoft 's website was totally non-functional .
 My son is very disappointed . The Pet Vet 2 game -LRB- on a fairly new system -RRB- comes up with a `` no pixel shader '' window and then exits . I ca n't see any reason to even require this . Ca n't the game have a lower resolution mode ? This seems like terrible game design and/or programming .
 This game was a disappointment , after reading reviews online I decided to try it . I purchased used game , when I played it it would only go to level 2 because it was some kind of shareware . I contact Amazon and I received a refund , yay Amazon.I might purchase a used game again and hope it is not shareware .
 I 'm going to try to make this somewhat short -LRB- well not really -RRB- . Basically , as a standalone game , this is a somewhat substantial experience . It 's relatively short , where you play in an army of automatons who barely do anything but get themselves killed and have allied generals screaming over the intercom . Koei has made 8 Dynasty Warriors -LRB- not including the first , considering it is a fighting game -RRB- games , as well as two equivalents in late Medieval Japan . These games barely change from title to title and are pretty much a rip . All it offers are more characters each version , none of whom have a remotely distinct feel to them . A small feature it adds is that you need to be somewhat more tactical than in the last in the early game before you have much real power , but other than that , it 's the same corny voice effects , same paper-like graphics , same armies of dull manequins , and same moron commanders who deflate like balloons . Save yourself the money and deny Koei their profits until they make any real changes to the series .
 The USB light never turned green -LRB- which should indicate that it 's charging -RRB- . It never stops flashing red -LRB- which indicates that it 's searching for a receiver -RRB- . It never syncs with the thumbpad . Be careful when purchasing this item . Some have claimed success , others have not . Unfortunately for me , I 'm in the `` have not '' category .
 I bought this for use mainly on PlayStation Home -LRB- as I use voice-chat when I 'm in-game , no time to type :P -RRB- , and I must say that I am extremely disappointed . The only reason I did not give it a 1-star is that it does not malfunction ; it works perfectly -LRB- tested both on PS3 and PC -RRB- , but how it works is just horrible.About the construction and performance
 i bought one of these a few months ago and it worked perfectly for a few months . then all of the sudden the keyboard wo n't synch up with the dongle for it . and when i plug it into to charge instead of a solid green light it blinks between red and green really fast for a minute or two before the light goes out . madcatz website has no help information for this product on their website , they do n't return any of my emails , and nobody answers when i call their tech support number listed on the website .
 The Mad Catz thumbpad works fine with the PS3 web browser , but it does n't work at all with Final Fantasy XI -LRB- FFXI -RRB- on-line . Considering I bought it to use it for chat and gameplay in FFXI , this is a huge disappointment.Other keyboards , such as Logitech 's PS2/PS3 USB keyboard , work fine with both the PS3 web browser and FFXI.As soon as you start up FFXI , however , the Mad Catz thumbpad stops working , its LED starts blinking furiously , and it never syncs up with the receiver which is attached to the PS3 . Very frustrating !
 Many people who have purchased this item have found out that it does not work . The instructions for the device say that when the u.s.b receiver is plugged into the PS3 and the `` thumbpad '' is turned on , both lights will flash , and then turn solid . Well , they never turn solid , and the `` thumbpad '' never works . I would like to know if anyone got this to work . Also , there is no technical support on the Mad Catz web page . I guess this is what you get for buying a third party peripheral .
 This thing is a total piece of junk , it doesnt work simply put it never links to the the ps3 or the pc or anything , avoid it like the plage ... it wouldnt surprise me that those saying its great could be ppl planted by madcatz . . it wouldnt be the firt time they do that tough ...
 Do n't buy this piece of garbage . I bought this to use for FFXI on my PS3 because I was getting tired of using the controller to try to chat with people -LRB- very tedious -RRB- . I was excited to get this home and use it so I could finally communicate with other people easier . Hooked it up and fired up the game and nothing . The on-line support info was useless so I called technical support . The individual I spoke with was rude and said that by the packaging stating that it was for the PS3 that it 's implied that it 's only compatible with PS3 games . Hello , anyone that is anyone knows that Sony has always made their systems to be backwards compatible with older games . Any company that cared about their consumers would design their add on components to work the same . I will never buy an item from this company again , no matter how cool it might be .
 The game itself is good . As far as the glitches it has ; totally unacceptable ! I am talking every time I play the game it locks up . They need to re issue with better quality . EA sports needs to fire whoever came out with this game .
 overall this game is fun , but it tends to freeze alot . when in the middle of the game and it freezes , you need to restart the system . i even tried it on my ps3 to see if it would freeze less . no result . the graphics arent as good as the 2k7 college game . overall i am saying , if you buy this game you just wasted 30 bucks .
 Th other reviewer was generous . . Played few hours.Setting up park & rides are fun but the day-to-day is TOOO tedious . AND the software is buggy so many times -- wo n't let me place the rides . Also , no instructions -- took me while to figure out rides wo n't run without a generator -- awful design and presentationFor new software -- not impressive ... belongs in $ 3.99 budget section !
 This game is horrible . It is not fun at all . It has nothing in common with the Roller Coaster Tycoon games . You will be bored silly within one hour . I am a big fan of Tycoon games and this is by far the worst ever . I ca n't think of one thing to say postive about this game . After playing it for a day or two I deleted it from my hard drive and it will never be played again . Just an awful , awful game . This game is worse than the University of Michigan football team . Do I have your attention now ? This game is worse than the movie Shakes the Clown . This game is as exciting as The WNBA or soccer . Do n't buy this game . You will thank me .
 this is not what i was looking for . but my kids seem to like it but not me . would like to see something better
 We wanted better quality video , but seems this has none ; using the 3 RCA cables . When we connected the 5 component cables we got a messed up output resembling a wrong refresh rate . We put the old cable -LRB- YRW -RRB- 3 RCA only , back on , and all was well again . We needed the component cables for a Hauppauge Colossus , so far we ca n't use it .
 wont work at all it just has a screen all mash and bunch of color lines on it and no actual picture
 Terrible quality . Was broken . Would have gotten my money back but was so mad just threw in the trash . Whoever sold this has some nerve to try and sell a broken item on here . Never buying from this person ever .
 Connector fits loosely in my 360 slim , causing intermittent connectivity if moved slightly.Found a much better cable at Newegg made by Belkin , however it has been removed from the site.For my 360-S I was using the component cable included with my 360 elite . When I sold my 360 elite I needed a replacement component cable so I ordered this . I never had issue using the OEM cable from my elite on my 360-S , but this cable was giving me no picture so I would have to wiggle it left and right until the picture came up and then make sure I did not move or even shake my 360 and tv stand -LRB- after turning them to access the cable for trouble shooting . The Belkin cable I found at Newegg fits firmly into the 360-S .
 When I attempted to use this product , it did not work . I had green lines go across my TV , colors changed , and when changing screens , there was bleed thru . I checked and rechecked all the cables to make sure they were tight .
 I was able to view the output placed on my plasma television , but there were lines running across the image . I would unplug the cable and replug it and it would flicker , move up the screen , and then go back to where it was . Might just be this cable , but I guess that 's what I get for paying for something this cheap . I plan to return this .
 cheap , get what you paid for . I connected the av cable and when i moved the tv , the prong on one of the cable broke . I cant hear the game i play and the prong is stuck in my tv .
 Based on the product description , I was expecting to get the same Microsoft cable that came with the XBox originally , but this is not the same cable . It feels like cheap plastic , and when I hooked it up I could instantly see ghosting in the image that was n't there when connected with a higher quality cable.I would n't recommend buying this unless you do n't care much about the image quality and build quality of the cables .
 Now I must admit I am more of a classic gamer and I can see how this game could increase in difficulty with another player . I play this game and I feel like I got handed a prototype game and they say here test it and report back . I should say right off the bat I am more of a retro gamer , but this game lacks in many ways.Firstly in this game money is useless to the point of why play it . You immediately get thrown in the game in a dinner ? Ok fine , anyway you can destroy the lights for lego pieces should I call spoiler alert on that or is kind of obvious Lego Star Wars and all . Now what 's the point of lego pieces or currency if you the game just gives it to you easily . To buy silly outfits and lame weapons , what else well try to understand this one when you die or anyone is in your party dies you lose currency if you lose all your hearts you money gets scattered around where you died so just pick it back up . If you fall of the edge you lose the money for falling you lose however much money you ought to lose why is money lives and you can easily pick it up if shot by enemies . Money in the game is so useless and easy to find I mean you can use the force or the light saber to destroy ships for money or legos -LRB- will just say money from this point on . Secondly the `` Force '' watch any star wars movie and what is it about using blasters , ships and lightsabers . Using the force sounds cool at first , but gets so over played , I mean you can force kill the enemies and you use it to move pieces or switches which move in predetermined ways . Thirdly perfectionist puzzle solver issue , how can that be bad trust me it can . Puzzles although the game tries to get you to think many times to collect rare legos is pretty pointless this is where my first to third argument play against the puzzles . Puzzles why solve them you see what you can buy with the lego pieces you find that are not rare why seek the rare ? Another problem with the puzzles is lack of force control you use the force but the movements are predetermined . Lastly controls , the controls way too basic and boring . Aside from unlimited force power and poor camera angles and jumping control -LRB- not uncommon in games -RRB- . You attack and counter button are the same and you do n't even really need to play your counter attacks . Sometimes you counter by mistake and it works , counter really ought to be a separate button not simply your attack button . My final thoughts this game is from what I can tell pretty simple , but not in a good why and easy . This game is perhaps oriented too strongly towards a kid audience being really easy from what I have played . However , if this game got points for one thing it keeps to the story and feel well . You feel like you entered the Star Wars universe the moment you start playing and the lego aspect does n't ruin this in-fact you feel like you entered the lego world as well . Unfortunately this one strength is not enough to bring this game to life it still is fair .
 My 6 year old boy loves this game , for me is a great opportunity to share and have common things .
 had small crack ... played for 2 days then quit working so i tossed o well . Maybe better luck with some one else
 You know , I really like turn-based strategy -LRB- TBS -RRB- games . I really get into the tactics of holding territory , using lines of sight , and planning out my offensives in painstaking detail . Maybe that 's why I hate this game so much . Shattered Union really does do an amazing job - of taking all the worst parts of the TBS genre -LRB- butt-ugly graphics -LSB- reminiscent of an early PSone game -RSB- , rage-inducing menu-driven controls , and unnecessarily complex rule structures -RRB- and combining them into a giant pile of half-assed gameplay . What completely destroys any remaining worth that this title might hold for me , though , is the ridiculously large emphasis on scouting . -LRB- How am I supposed to annihilate enemy troops and conquer a nation when I can only see what 's happening on about 20 % of the area of a map ? -RRB- In conclusion , gaming giant 2K Games has really given their fans something to scream in agony about this time .
 I should have done my homework - Conflict Global Terror will not work on X-Box 360 so I had to return it . Amazon was very kind in allowing me to send it back .
 The game will not work with our xbox 360 and i ca n't find anything online about how to make it work . A big waste of my money and it is too late to send it back , it was a Christmas present and it has been over a month . I wo n't buy any more regular xbox games ...
 This game does play in windows 7 , thats about all there is good to it , boring and a waste of time and money , not what i expected .
 There are many things wrong with this product . First of all , the packaging did n't even come with instructions . So it does n't take a genius to figure out how it works ; just put the battery pack in the remote , place it on the dock , and supposedly the red light on the dock is supposed to turn blue once the charging is complete . Well the light never turned blue ! And since there were no instructions , I had no idea how long it should take for a full charge . There was n't even a manual for this product on the Mad Catz website !! I left it in the charging stand for quite a while until realizing something was wrong , and checked the battery status on my Wii , and it said the battery was full . That confirmed that the LED light is definitely broken . Then comes when I actually tried playing with the remote with the newly installed battery pack.If you purchased a wii remote charger and the only problem was that the it was n't giving you a complete charge with a limited amount of play , then consider yourself lucky because this product really messed up my wii remote ! As soon as I tried playing with it , the cursor would n't stand still , it was off center , started making erratic and jerky movements , and sometimes would n't appear on screen at all . At first I thought it was something wrong with the sensitivity , and that the new batteries had somehow thrown off the Sensor Bar settings , but no matter what I adjusted the Sensitivity to , the Wii Remote 's performance would not improve . I even tried re-synching it . I panicked and immediately took out the battery pack and replaced it with fresh , non-rechargeable batteries , and found that the Wii remote went back to almost being normal , though still a bit jerky.I then tried to put the battery pack in my second wii remote just in case the problem was with my wiimote and not the battery pack , but the second wiimote 's cursor started being jerky and erratic also , so I was forced to conclude that it was definitely the fault of this product . And the worst part is that it permanently damaged my first wiimote . It was working perfectly when I first got it along with the console , but after being charged in this dock for too long , it somehow malfunctioned and even with fresh batteries becomes a bit jerky from a distance now.I called Wii customer service to ask what to do about my wiimote , and they said that they do not recommend anyone buying charging stations for the Wii because they are not manufactured by Nintendo -LRB- do n't have the Nintendo seal on them -RRB- and these things are bound to happen . I asked if Nintendo was going to release its own charger , but they said not in the near future . Apparently Wiimotes are not meant to be charged ; I guess the simple solution would be to just buy rechargeable batteries.Don ' t waste your money on this piece of junk ! It caused my Wiimote to malfunction , came without instructions , and the light did n't work ! What a waste !!
 Had similar problems to the other two reviewers . No instructions . Light was alwaya red . Remote did not work well when battery pack was used .
 I have to support the previous review , although my problems with it were different . Mine did n't have instructions either and so I put the remote in one way and the nunchuck on it . There was a green light if nothing was in or if the nunchuck was on the remote . The light turned red if just the remote was set in . I tried both ways to see if it would charge with no change . I looked up the company online and saw no reference to instructions or common problems.I took it back to the game store , which usually counsels against buying non-certified products . They were happy to exchange it and recommended NYCO 's charger .
 This game is fun , and worth the money . So , you start by choosing if your person is a boy or a girl . What is really strange , is that you can not change shirts and pants until waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay later in the game . And even then you only get a few combenations . It is dumb!Anyway , then you choose everything about your horse . What is annoying is that you only get like five coat colors . and two of them are identical ! Then you choose your horses birthday , name , favorite food , etc. . Then something weird happens . A message comes up saying that the birthday must be 12/12/2000 ! So much for customizing!When your are done , you go to the horse 's stable . Your horse is a foal , -LRB- Which is quit cute ! -RRB- , so you ca n't ride it . To ride the horse , you must wait until it is on day nine . You start with 300 credits , so you can by a few things at the local shops.Another stupid thing is that grooming takes FOREVER ! Also , you have a pitiful amount of space to ride in . The puny tutorial is really annoying , too!I 'm not going to tell you about the rest , because that would ruin it for you . But I need to tell you this . And every five minutes , it goes fuzzy , then the screen turns blue . Two seconds later , the horse turns into weird green , red , yellow , and blue lights . Then you have to switch it off , and switch it on again.This is a fun , but VERY annoying game .
 I own most of the Let 's Ride games including this one , and all of the games in the Horsez series , as well as many others . This one ranks among the worst , in my opinion . For one , the foals take a really long time to grow up . I am very experienced at controlling horses on PC games and jumping and so forth . I am not one who will normally quit a horse game at the beginning because the riding or jumping was too hard . In fact , this is the only game I can ever remember doing that with . For example , I took my horse to a jumping competition . The horse goes so fast speed wise and turns so slow that it is really hard to control them . Also they do n't give any indication what jump you 're supposed to jump next or when to press space bar to jump . My horse came back injured from that event , and then I had no idea what to do to cure her ! When I finally figured it out , I did n't have enough game money to buy whatever it was . Also the grooming and mucking out the stall is extremely hard . You have to use many different tools for grooming , and you have to brush the horse just right so that this arrow is green , not red , which it is most of the time . Same concept for the stall mucking . If it is red the tool wo n't do anything . The one good aspect I can see is the graphics . If that 's all you 're looking for in a game and you do n't mind the negatives I mentioned , then by all means go ahead and buy it . If you 're looking for an easy horse riding game , this would not be a good choice . I would recommend Horsez 2 in that aspect because it is one of the easiest jumping/riding horse games I have played , plus there 's a mystery in it and it can end many different ways .
 The person who said it would take less time to groom a real horse is n't kidding , and at least you know when you 're done.The graphics are okay , but the gameplay is choppy and you ca n't move around . You keep dropping things by accident and then you have to go pick them up again , and the horse stands there starving when you 've put hay or whatever into the trough , and it wo n't go to drink from its water trough . It does n't make any sense . There 's no sound effects when there should be , like when it 's eating , and the grooming bar goes down faster than you can get it back up again.But the absolutely WORST thing , by far , about this game is the fact that there is almost NO tutorial . The thing barely gives the player any direction , and I could n't figure out how to do the different grooming actions . I did n't know if I needed a mane comb or a tail comb to specifically groom anything , and it would n't tell me what needed to be cleaned until it was already awful . I could n't maneuver around the horse well enough to see what I was doing , and the action while trying to walk to the store -LRB- very dull when you 're first starting out because the scenery is n't attractive enough to hold my attention -RRB- was ridiculous.Rarely have I been so frustrated by a game . It was so frustrating , in fact , that I ca n't believe they let little kids play this game , given the amount of vicious swearing I was doing.There 's a kid up there that says that if this game frustrates you badly that you should never own your own horse . Well , kid , I 've taken care of horses before , and never did it make me want to stab myself in the eye .
 This game is very slow moving . You need to put in at least 3 hours of play until you can start riding . There are only really two things you can do in the game when it is not a `` competition day '' , and you can be done exploring after one day of walking around with your horse . It is terribly boring . The only thing that kept me playing it was to see if anything interesting ever did happen ... it did n't . I gave up when my horse turned 61/2 , so maybe when they are older stuff starts happening . I would not recommend this game .
 I bought this game and raising the foal is TREACHEROUS ; very , very boring . Every .10 seconds you have to groom this or groom that , and out riding , the grooming goes away in a matter of seconds . There are very few horse/color choices in this game . Overall , this game is ONLY fun when there is a show . I have Vista , and in the jumping tournaments , the game will freeze , close out , and I have to start from where I last saved it . So , I would definitely no recommend this to anyone , unless you have a dire need to buy it , it 's not worth it .
 I bought this with my hard-earned money that I had earned at a garage sale while it was 100 degrees out -LRB- where I was working -RRB- . I was really disappointed . It 's too hard to play , but the graphics are cool and the setting is beautiful.Well , there are some really crazy glitches . For example , your horse is really starving , and you put some food in the trough . He just sits there while you worry . Then , the horse 's mane is impossible to keep clean . And on top of that , he 's always sick!Those two stars are for the graphics . Nothing else . Please do n't waste your money ; buy My Horse and Me which is a LOT better ! Or get Equestrian Challenge , which is totally cool .
 this game stinks big time . The horses are hideous and so are the graphics , and it says on the box that you ca n't customize your character and horse , and you ca n't . you get five coat colors and 3 outfits for the people . I actually ca n't beileive that lets ride did a game like this , because they usually are great . DO NOT buy this game . grooming takes forever , the person moves s-l-o-w-l-y . the landscape is ugly and there is no instruction at all . even the music stinks . PLEASE do n't buy this game , ever .
 This game is really a waste of time . The only fun we had was laughing at how ridiculus the game is , like when you give the horse water the bucket disappears . My girls thought the horse was eating the bucket . The days are really slow . The graphics get messed up like your horse 's tail sticking through a door . You can see some really great places but you ca n't go there . The horse ca n't even walk through water . And it gets thirsty on the trail which is silly since there is a creek right there it could get a drink if the game was n't so limited . After hours and hours you can finally ride the horse except it is constantly getting a fungus and parasites . If owning a horse was this difficult no one would ever do it . Do n't buy this game , we had other Let 's Ride that were a lot better .
 First of all , no tutorials ! It took me almost an hour to learn how to brush and feed the horse ! Other Let 's Ride games , such as Silver Buckle Stables , explained EVERYTHING ! Another is how slow everything is-especially the days . A normal day is n't that slow -LRB- for me , anyway -RRB- ! I also ca n't believe how dirty a single horse can get within five minutes ! The only good thing about this game is the information you can fill in about your horse and the color selection . Maybe the graphics , too . Before my mom bought this for me , I thought it was going to be as good as Silver Buckle Stables . Now , I wish she spent the money for this game on Spore or My Horse and Me . Believe me , this game is not worth your money ! Let 's Ride disappointed me this time .
 This game is fun at first but then your horse starts getting sick all the time !!!!!!!! It is such a waste of money ! You ca n't ride it at least I could not ride!I hate it ! Such a waste .
 This game will not run on Vista and runs poorly on an old XP computer .
 This game sucks hardcore . All you do is the stupid horse , and forget trying to keep the job at 100 % , the condition of the mane and tail decay ridiculously fast . I could groom a REAL horse in less time than it spends to groom the one on the screen . The graphics are horrible , and you ca n't go anywhere . The show competition only counts the ribbons and bows , and there 's no point or story to the game at all . Buy Equestrian Challenge or something like that with your money . This game STINKS
 this game sucks ... simple as that . it takes forever and is very montonous to have your foal grow up . then when it finally does your horses gets hurt just walking out the door . it always has parasites or fungus ... It is very hard to just groom your horse and this can be very frusturating for litttle kids . I am 13 and i spent and hour trying to figure out how u get the dirt out of the horses mane with the comb . also the beauty contests are stupidious , u get graded on how many bows your horses has on !!!! Please dont waste your money!if u want a good lets ride game try lets ride silver buckle stables .
 I have vista as my opperating system , and guess what ... It wo n't run on Vista . The company the makes the game does not give any tech support if you are running the game on a new computer system . The will direct you to a site that tells you how to change to game properties , which does nothing . As you may be able to tell I am very disappointed with the game , and it was a waste of my money . Beyond that the other reviewers are correct the game is dull .
 The graphics are ok , if you like early 1990s graphics . The realism of `` casino gaming '' is just not there . THe card games produce hands that are too unrealistic to sit through . Save your money .
 Says it 's for Mac , but not for any Mac made after 2008 . It 's only for very old Mac systems . If you have a ten year-old Mac you 're in luck , this might just work . I have three Macbooks made after 2008 and this game simply wo n't load up on any of them , it 's not compatible . The advertising is incomplete and deceptive . Avoid at all costs .
 I bought this keyboard thinking it would be the best thing ever . I got it ... plugged it in ... and turned my system on . It sucks . It works as a keyboard I suppose . I would rather use my controller . In fact I find that I have to . Since the keyboard does n't have the buttons on it . I have to hit X on the controller and then use the keyboard to scroll through the menus to have to hit X again . Or Triangle ... or whatever key you need . To download stuff in the Playstation Store you have to hit `` Start '' to continue the download . Start is n't on the keyboard . Once again you have to use the controller . I find myself Switching so much that it is too much of a hassle to try and use the keyboard . It uses 2 AA batteries ... so that means it will eat batteries and have to replace them . For a no frills . No features keyboard ... $ 80 dollars is a steep price . I do n't care how much you payed for it . It just is n't worth the money . It is more of a hassle than what it helps . Typing is easier if you can ever find a game or function to use it . The internet is even a pain because of how slow it is . Compared to Firefox . There seems to be no reason to buy this keyboard . Bottom line ... do n't by this keyboard . Hopefully a better featured keyboard comes out soon that features the controller buttons on it . Its not like this one did n't have the room to put them on there .
 If you do n't want to have to use up one of your USB slots on the PS3 , Logitech is coming out with a bluetooth version of this board . Called the Mediaboard Pro , it is expected to hit the market in November .
 Roadblocks in the streets , spying on fellow citizens , Big Brother surveillance , martial law ... Everything a boot-licking American could ask for!This game is great if you want to condition yourself or your child for a future in law enforcement.If you confiscate enough private property you can unlock `` PATRIOT ACT MODE '' , where you can see through walls and perform sneak & peek searches of residential homes.Burn enough constitutions and you can access secret levels where you are tasked with relocating people into Internment Camps !! SUPER FUN !! But watch out for your nemisis , Congressman Ron Paul . He stands in the way of your mission!When America becomes a prison camp , YOU WIN !!
 I got this game as a gift . It was on my wishlist . I should have done my research . It is horribly lame . The PDF file which contains the instrucions would n't open . I should have put Borderlands on my wishlist instead .
 The description says it 999 pounds , the seller is ripping you off ! I would n't carry 999 pounds in my pocket . Plus , it 's less that 2 hours of battery life
 I tried to install this game on both a Windows XP and Windows 2000 machine and it would n't install . I got the same error messages on both . Vivendi Universal answered my e-mail with a `` we no longer support that old game '' response.My daughter got it for Christmas - she was very excited and now she 's depressed . I hope I can get her something else .
 This was a Christmas present for my 5 yo Barbie/Pet loving daughter . She adored it . Then she completely solved all the Rescues ... the same day ! That was it . She played all the little Barbie games in the rescue center , she rescued all the animals , and cleaned them -LRB- or whatever it the pet required -RRB- and she completely finished in less than 6 hours . Now , she 's a bright little girl , but come on , for the money I spent , I 'd have sure liked it more if she -LRB- A 5 year old ! -RRB- had gotten more play time out of it . Cute ...
 I dont have any idea why soooo many people like this game , it did not keep me cntent for more then a little while , I expected way more . You dont acually have to `` nurture '' the pet back to health ... . And there is only about 7 missions tha you do over and over and over . Younger kids probably , like this much more then older kids though ... . oh well
 Barbie pet Rescue starts out great , with loads of thigns to do . However , once you get the hang of the game , it gets a little boring . I mean , how many times can one person rescue a kitten/dog/bird / hamster/monkey from the same spot in the same way before it gets old ? The game could stand a little more variety .
 It was n't the seller 's problem that the latest Windows systems just are not backwards compatible . It would only work on an antique IBM that I had in the basement . So much for buying used computer games ...
 I got this today . This is how it all goes ,1 . You get a 5 minute mission to rescue a pet .2 . After its rescued , you go to the check up room . IT always says What a healthy girl , I wish it could get sick for onceAnd other stuff that the other reviews have said . I say this game is good for ages 5-8 . How childish . And I 'm 10 . I do n't reccomend it much . Even 5-8 year olds will get board !!!!!!
 When I bought barbie pet rescue with my money I thought that it would be realy fun . But I turned out to be wrong . The second day I owend it I realized I had wasted my money . Once you catch All the animals you just catch them All over agian . Another thing is you cant make up your owen name you can onley pick one from the computer . I would onley recomend this game for people whoe are in desprate need of animals.Other whise DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 I have been very disappointed with this product . I bought it for my 8 year old daughter , thinking that she would love it . However , it has been far less than we anticipated . The directions are not thorough , and thus far we have not found any way to get sound , voices for the characters , etc. . Overall , it has been a great waste of money . We expected much more for the price .
 The load times are simply unbearable , regardless of game play . to have to wait 2-3 minutes to start and in between matches is unacceptable . The devs should be embarrassed .
 Nothing 's worse than playing a terrible game on an unsuccessful gaming system . That 's exactly what we have here . Granted , WWE Smackdown vs Raw 2006 could have been a whole lot worse , but it 's still nothing to cheer about . No one will remember this game in 15 years .
 I was amped to get this game on the PSP , so I can take my WWE season wherever I go . While I did get almost all of the content , wrestlers , and gameplay in portable format , I also got the worst load times I have ever experienced , PERIOD . Almost everything gives way to +30 second load times with menus sandwiched inbetween , and progressing through season mode will see those familiar load screens after every single step . It really is ridiculous to the point of being unplayable -- unless you 're the most patient gamer in the world , save your money and show THQ that we wo n't put up with this unoptimized tripe . -LRB- For a fun time , try making a 4-man tag team match with all create-a-wrestler characters ; you 'll be waiting over three minutes for the match to start . Absolutely unreal . -RRB- Again , the core gameplay is good , and you 'll find all of the PS2 's content intact -- but getting to it is such a snooze that there 's no reason to even bother in the first place .
 I bought this as a reward for my son 's first week of Kindergarden . He is 5 !!!! I let him have it after dinner . He played for about an hour that evening and then perhaps 2 hours the next morning and was finished . The graphics look great and overall it is fun , but way too short .
 My husband bought this game for me for Christmas and I really enjoyed playing it until I finished it in 4-5 hours ! It was so easy once you got the hang of it . The story is too short ... I only had to defeat 2 levels to finish the game . For adults , I would recommend another game , but I 'm sure it 's more challenging for younger players .
 I just pulled it out of the package and the console will not even read it . I am very disappointed .
 Was dispointed it did not work with xbox360 . It also is one player game if you are not online . No split screen .
 Bug Riddled . Almost evrey map has exploits . This combined with all the built in hacks that COD1 had and absolutely no Anti-Cheat -LRB- PB -RRB- makes this a hackers dream come true.Hackers use wall hacks , aimbots at will , and can shut anyones server down , also at will . And Infinity Ward does not care.Mass multiplayer Server strike pending , read about it at iwnation.com/forums . I didnt buy it at amazon , but I believe that thier customers interested in buying this junk should be informed of the truth.If I was Amazon , I 'd pull it from the shelves to avoid the inevitable angry customers.Oh , and the single player is a joke . Too easy . Only gets one star for graphics ... to bad they didnt attach that to a decent game .
 The requirements posted at amazon site say 98/ME/2000 / XP.That was great . I was ready to buy , but Activision states CoD2 not compatible with 95/98/ME . CoD is compatible but CoD2 is not compatible 98 or ME.I ca n't run this without 2000 or XP OS . My hardware is fine but now I have to make my system boot both XP and 98 . NUTS
 This is just the same old game that you beat in two hours and then throw away ... if you are so rich that you can throw 50 bucks off the window for 120 minutes of staring at a computer screen , go ahead ... I know it 's a contradiction to spend time in front of a computer screen writing a review to complain about how much a waste of time this game is , but hopefully , a few minutes of my time can save you 50 bucks .
 Come on this is not good ! There is no talent into this type of gameplay ! The problem with soooo mannnyyyy game designer 's today is that they are not very creative ! They serotype tooo muccchhh like the kid said . Yes , the allies were the good guys and yes Socialism is wrong but why do we see WW2 from the allies side ? Why ca n't we see it from the Axis side ? Or have the choice ? I 'm do n't care about multiplayer were kiddiees run around and run and gun , bunny hop and alll that with no real tactics , heck they know nothing of the war or tactics ! Go back to URT 04 or Quake ! This is war and there is no bunny hoping or rambo sytle combat in war . Everyone fights together as a team in a team . The funny thing is in the UO expansion they advertised that no one fought alone yet somehow you were the only one that could kill anything as if your me were just there in the background shooting at who know what ? Brother and Arms is 10 times better than this game why ? You can order your men around , flake the enemy more than just one way , and your aim is not as accurte ? The guy who said it was junk because he could n't hit anything was saying he ca n't hit anything and he ca n't jump either . Maybe he was trying to high jump over a bush . Good luck!Anyway , if you really want to be creative create a game where you can fight turn based style either side or front of the war . Maybe if they just mix the Rome Total War style with First Person battle and relisem it could be a great hit ! and of course add a world map where you could move your units around being Navy , Airforce , or Marines to different locations . That would change the WW2 hum-drums totally around ! You could also play different roles as a commander or a general to a grunt soilder ! Different battlefields , different weapons from each side , Tanks , artillery , you name it . Genuis !
 I was very excited when Call of Duty 2 came out , because the first Call of Duty is my favorite computer game of all time . I am a history teacher myself , and World War II is one of my favorite eras to study . First person shooters are the kind of game I like to play on the computer . Call of Duty combined both of those interests , with battles to fight patterned after real World War II engagements such as the Battle of Pegasus Bridge on D-Day or the Battle for Stalingrad . Call of Duty 2 brings in more battle situations based on actual World War II engagements , like Pointe Du Hoc and the Desert War in North Africa . That 's good . The sound effects for the weapons fire was also improved , as were the graphics . But unfortunately , other than those pluses , the game is full of minuses .1 -RRB- Call of Duty 2 is not nearly as challenging as the first one . I played through every level on one of the mid-range difficulty settings and found the game play to be less than difficult , and as an experienced game player , I was extremely bored with the lack of challenge .2 -RRB- The levels are way to repetitive in their scenarios . The first Call of Duty , and the United Offensive Expansion pack , had much more of a variety of levels . One level you were taking a village , but then the next you had to storm enemy entrenchments . The next , you jumped into a jeep for a running battle through enemy lines . They next you were busting your buddies out of a POW camp . Call of Duty 2 basically only had three basic battle scenarios
 I have a new PC with Windows 7 64 bit on it . When I try to install this game , I get an error immediately and the install exited.I played this on my old Vista computer and it worked fine and was a fun game .
 First I 'll start with Cons.Love first person shooter games and I would go on and on with taking out enemy troops one by one with a rifle . But after defending against the German counter attack in one of the levels where troops just would not stop coming , my first thought was to end the game.Here are facts that occupied me off the game , `` Find this '' and `` tough that '' a quake like strategy where you would not go anywhere unless you place dynamite here and touch a tank there . No , no you can not harm a tank with a grenade , no.Unrealistic is also staying alive after being hit numerous times and then continue with the game as nothing happened.Cannot save the game when you want to , can not change curtain keys - a big NO.I played two times and have no desire to play any more , very repetitive . I loved BF and will stay with it.ProsFast installFast loadingRegardless of what other say , I did n't see big problem with bugsRussian troops speak Russian , well mix RussianAbility to aim through sights when shootingAbility to have different weapons at onceGraphicsRuns smoothCorpses on the ground - a realistic gistRequires less specification to run comparing to BF-1942 , BF-2 and not as MOH - Airborne that does n't work with all video cards .
 I would love this game if they would just fix the save system.I feel I have no control over the game and that I 'm not really interacting with this environment because my only goal is find the next save point . I 'm not permitted to play out the game how I want to.In the traditional game saving system , I would have a sense of accomplishment by being able to save whenever I had performed well . This system takes that away . It only saves by my finding a secret save spot . No thrill there at all.And it would n't be so bad if , upon getting killed , I would instantly start the game play again . Instead an extremely annoying philosophical message appears for a number of seconds . They disrupt the flow of the action to the point where I just do n't enjoy this game . I have all the expressions memorized at this point . Why the ! @ % @@ did the designers impose this on us ? I would really like to know.I refuse to buy the other versions of Call of Duty unless I can confirm that these problems are fixed.Ugh !
 I think I expected too much out of Call of Duty 2 . I expected it to be playable . Sorry Activision but this game was a total flop . It is completely ridculous to have to have something more than a 256 MB nVidia 6800 and more than 2 GBs of Ram to play it a resolution greater than 1024x768 . This game was n't only a complete failure on the graphical front , but also on the fun front . It was a complete chore to play through the first few levels . What a waste of $ 50 . Save it and buy something that is fun , like Call of Duty 1 , Battlefield 2 , or any of the other FPS games which are semi-decent .
 Reviewer said that if your machine runs the first Call of Duty you 'd have no problem with COD2 - WRONG -LRB- got `` alpha blending '' fatal error -RRB- ...
 Way over priced !! Maybe a $ 20 game . Total rip off for $ 50
 I recieved this game yesterday . Installed after luch , around 1 PM . By 6 PM I was watching the credits . The game was intense , I 'll admit that , but I did n't pay 50 BUCKS for 6 hours of entertainments ! I feel robbed ! When my dad , who payed the game , came back home and asked me if I was enjoying it I had to tell him I was just starting!If you can install and finish the thing in 6 hours then it 's not worth more than 10 BUCKS !!! I would have gone to the movies !! It would have costed me a penny conpared to this !!! 50 bucks down the tube !!! I want my money back !!!
 It costs to much and its very bad . Its to much like the last one and the graphics are terrible . there is only about 5 knew guns and they are all very similar , so if I were you I would not buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i have a high end system with a GeForce 6800 nVidia video card , and the game has many errors . At first I had to run the game with low video settings to avoid the `` Directx unrecoverable error '' . Then , I had to run it in safe mode to avoid the error . The tech support had many things to try and were baffled at why the error is still occuring on my high end system . About half way through the game the error still came up even in safe mode !! The gameplay is predictable , but still fun at times . I 'd wait til the price drops to about $ 20 to buy it ...
 Do you like being sniped by machine guns ? Spawning on grenades , do you like that ? How about killing an enemy only to have them spawn right in the same room as you ? Perhaps you would enjoy a game where to heal you have to sit in a corner and hide ? If this sounds like fun to you , then by all means go ahead and buy Call of Duty 2 . Most of the reviews you read here are about single player . The only problem is , they have n't played Medal of Honor . In Medal of Honor
 When i first got this game , the first thing i thought about was the Multiplayer , as i have played the first 2 Call of Duty 's , i used the multiplayer alot . I highly enjoyed the previous 2 game 's multiplayers , but , i was highly dissapointed with Cod 2 's . The game lags a bit , and thats even with a nvidia card , which is recommended.The Weapons are unbalanced , and just arent very good , so you wont be able to compete with others if you have certain guns . There are no Crosshairs , making it impossible to fire , and there is no health bar . You seem to just `` regenerate '' your health , and you will have no idea how injured you may be . There are also no vehicles . After playing Call of Duty
 Have been a die hard COD ` er since the original release . COD was the first PC game I played Multiplayer on and was hooked immediately . Have competed in CAL and TWL and used to play daily . IW messed up big time with this one . Single play is way to easy and I completed the game in a few hours . Multiplay maps are graphically much nicer but the new engine seems to have some flaws . Really feels like IW rushed this out with out much market testing . Easy to find glitches and the release of this game WITHOUT A ANTICHEAT are things that any testing would have brought to the forefront immediately . Would figure they would have learned from the first version . Recently there was a worldwide strike against the game due to the lack of response from the gamemakers . Just google search cod2 strike and you will get much of the information . Game is still fun but way to arcady . Unfortunate that such a highly anticipated game with a huge multiplayer base was taken so lightly by the developers .
 this is the worst piece ok crap i have ever bought for my xbox . I dont even know where to start . The glue job on the lights was so messy , it was all over the tunnnel . It wouldnt fit over the CPU heatsink without bending 2 of the lights . It caused my whole motherboard in my xbox to fry and caused me to have the red ring of death . Whatever you do , dont buy this part for your xbox because you will regret it . Sure in the picture it looks cool but it is a poorly made part that causes trouble .
 Just buy a clear windtunnel and the whisper fans because with the fans you ca n't tell that the LEDs are really working because of the fan LEDs and would save you some money
 If you like the classic Prince of Persia style games , you 'll hate this one . If you like Warcraft Real Time Sim knockoffs , you might like this one . Ca n't blame the person who sold me this - I blame Ubisoft .
 The graphical quality and level design VANISH in the last 2 levels . Also , the final level is ABSOLUTELY IMPOSSIBLE to beat -- with horrible long times between checkpoints . I play shooting games A LOT and i can not fathom anyone beating this game on normal difficulty
 this is a thrown together game.easy to beat on best setting.not very difficult.save your money.buy it used .
 Okay the first thing i noticed with this game is there is hardly any lighting effect even when i adjusted it . the tank you first encounter looks like its made out of card board from what i could see of it . -LRB- due to lighting . -RRB- The AI is retarded most of the enemys run into walls . and keep running . the first medal of honor for playstation 1 is better than this peice of garbage . and the american M1 garand your allies have is semi automatic but they work it like a bolt action rifle . thats what the Germans use . And thats if your lucky to even get them to shoot back at the enemy . The last thing i noticed was the phisycs are broken . I shot this german and he floats into the air and disapeers WTF ! and my friend who also played this game experianced the same thing . and this was a brand new game i did n't rent it . i bought it from walmart . and after that i sold it to gamestop for 20 $ . If you still want to play this pitiful excuse for a game rent it do n't buy it . either way in my oppinion its not even worth your time or money for that matter .
 Rented this game , and I 'm glad I did n't buy it . Yes , the last 2 levels were fun , however that does not make up for the other shortcomings of this piece of garbage from EA . First and most frustrating of all , there are not enough check points , so you make a lot of progress and it 's lost when you die because check points are too sparse . Second , there 's no health meter of any kind , you just die whenever the game feels like it , there 's a general way of telling how you 're doing . When you get shot a bunch the screen starts to turn red , then you just take cover and it goes away . I guess in WWII ducking behind a rock for a couple seconds made bullet wounds heal . Also , the game cinematics can not be skipped . So when you die you have to sit through the same cinematic over and over again until you reach the next ridiculous check point . Another thing I felt was lacking was the controls . After fiddling with the sensitivity for awhile I got it the best I could , but they were still sluggish and awkward . Words can not express just how disappointed and frustrated I am with this game . I would rather spend the weekend at Michael Jackson 's place than buy this game .
 FROM BUTTERCUP 'S HUBBY
 This game is not worth the cost of buying nor the time to play . Disappointment is not a strong enough term to describe this game .
 THis game has very bad phisics . In other words it sucks .
 THIS GAME SUCKS !!!! THIS IS EASILY THE WORST GAMEBOY GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED !!! WHAT A SORRY JOKE !! 0 STARS !!!
 This robot game is the worst gameboy game that I have ever had !!! The controls are bad : L = R , R = L , U =D , D = U , plus if you put them into reverse , nothing changes.The problem about `` design '' and destroy is that you choose from 3 of 4 different weapons , a chaisis , armour , tires , and an engine . In other words , you do n't really DESIGN anything.Scale 1-10Graphics = 7Phisics = 2AI Aggression = 4Controls = 0Entertainment = 1Overall Rating = 4
 This robot game is the worst gameboy game that I have ever had !!! The controls are bad : L = R , R = L , U =D , D = U , plus if you put them into reverse , nothing changes.The problem about `` design '' and destroy is that you choose from 3 of 4 different weapons , a chaisis , armour , tires , and an engine . In other words , you do n't really DESIGN anything.Scale 1-10Graphics = 7Phisics = 2AI Aggression :4 Controls = 0Entertainment = 1Overall Rating = 4
 Horrible game . Limited options . Predictable and boring opponents . I literally finished the entire game within an hour . No replayability factor . Avoid at all cost !
 Do yourself a favor and save yourself the grief of purchasing this game . The instructions do not match the menus , there is a confusing `` password '' area that is apparently useless for actually doing anything , there is no `` save '' or `` load '' game option even though the instructions imply you can do this . So each time you start up the game , you 're starting from scratch . The instructions imply you can load games , but this is not possible because there is no menu option for doing this.Need support ? Just call the manufacturer 's 1-900 -LRB- pay-per-minute -RRB- number listed in the instructions . That 's not `` support '' in my book - and I do n't buy software from a company that produces buggy software , then wo n't support its product without charging a fee.We are returning our game to the store ; do yourself a favor and do n't purchase it in the first place !
 OK THIS GAME STINKS OK IT REALY REALY SUCKS SO DONT BUY ITI GOT THIS GAME AND ON THE WAY HOME IT WAS THE WORST GAME EVERAND I HATE THIS GAME DONT WAST YOUR MONEY OR TIME , BUY THE GAME NEAD 4 SPEED UNDER GROND ! buy that game not this one !!!!
 I do n't know who wrote these 4-star reviews for this game -LRB- maybe the developers moms -RRB- , but this is the worst shooter I 've ever played on PS2 . Luckily , I have a monthly rental pass at Blockbuster , so it really did n't cost me anything to try this game out . And that 's good , because I would n't pay $ 1 for this game . It is that bad ! The graphics , gameplay , story - everything - this game looks like a Beta test game , not like a finished product . Save your money and time and stay away from this one .
 I purchased this item because I play a lot of PSP games and my hands and wrists hurts for a long period of time playing . The grip itself helps prevent and keeps the pain I 'm having playing PSP.The unit itself is BAD . Cooling fan is noisy and the speaker are distorted -LRB- meaning sound quality is very poor -RRB- . Also , the most heviest grip of all .
 I purchased this thinking that it was compatible with the PSP 2k/3k but it is made for the 1k . The headphone jack does not line up , and that was a feature I was really looking into using -LRB- dual headphone jacks on the rear mostly , the built-in speakers were just a plus -RRB- . The PSP 2k/3k will dock into this , but the power jack is very loose , and it 's the only thing holding the PSP in the dock on the bottom . Because the connection is so loose , the grip transfers no power to the PSP . Another drawback with the incompatibility is that you can not open the MemoryStickDuo slot to pull out your card , if you want to do this you 're going to have to remove the PSP from the dock.Other than these compatibility issues , the dock works fine as just a grip . The fan is a nice touch , but it does n't really put out enough air to make too much of a difference . Since the fan is the only thing that works on this grip with the PSP 2k and 3k , it 's only useful as a grip.I would n't pay more than $ 5 for this thing -LRB- I paid ~ $ 20 including shipping -RRB- . My friend has a PSP 1k , so I might just give it to him and buy something else .
 This thing works I suppose . it is n't going to stop your Wii from freezing though so do n't buy it for that reason . the fan is n't very big basically what is already in the wii . It is incredibly noisy . and It take up both USB ports so if you have a remote charger and that new game skylanders your screwed for ports . I was not happy with this item .
 This game would be much better if the numbers were called slower . It 's the most rapid calling I have ever seen . It 's impossible to keep up . The pens that come with the game dried up after the first game that we played and the marks on the cards did n't come off without water . We ended up returning the game the first day we bought it . We found it 's smart just to stick to the old fashion way .
 product is ok , would not encourage the purchase of the game , however the senders of the game was prompt and correct on time of deliver
 I 'm so glad that I rented this turkey first instead spending 50 smackers on it . While the graphics are nice they are hardly ground breaking . This did n't hold my attention for more than 15-20 minutes and even then I was looking for an excuse to eject the game from the console . I think ubisoft messed up some where in the gameplay area sure it has elements of twisted metal gta and a few others but that just did n't cut it for me . The controls are the bloody worst thing I 've ever had to get used to when trying to drive and shoot at the same time . Better luck next time guys .
 It starts with a good video , and it gets entertaining but it does have very poor graphics and poor game development . It is highly predictable once you catch up with the underlying assumption that the world can not collaborate . You will play it for few tries and then forget about it . The music is extremely annoying . Buy it used if you must . I can not sell it to you because I just threw it away judging that you may have better games to play than this one .
 The game is awful . I bought it , and thank goodness I only paid about 7.00 for it . I get to a certain point and I ca n't do anything else with it . It was terrible . Even the `` patch '' from the website did not work .
 Fellas do n't spend a dime on this game . It 's boring ... Supposedly you become president / prime minister / leader of a country and you have to deal with other nations like real world.We all know other countries are not `` saints '' and protect their very own interests , but this game magnifies `` in extremis '' this point . What do I mean ? `` You do n't accept this trade agreement ? Then booooom , you 're nuked ! '' or `` Support my blockade or you 're nuked ! '' ... After 3 or 4 turns a nuclear war erupts somewhere and you end up being nuked most of the times !!! The graphics are not that good either and the plot is sometimes too complex or simple ...
 Is n't the `` political '' I was thinking of . This about going to war , etc. with other countries . I was hoping to be running for offices . Maybe starting with senator or congressman , eventually being a presidental candiate - campaining , debating with other candidates , etc. . Or maybe being president , and making decisions - passing , vetoing bills , etc.If anyone knows of a better `` political '' game , please tell us people who are disappointed with this game .
 I liked this game for the first few days but could never beat it . It gets boring and is tough to beat .
 I actually bought this gme cause ' I thought it would be fun . Can you believe that , I thought it was gon na be fun . It 's way to complicated and the manual is too long and boring -LRB- not much different from any other manual -RRB- in addition to being boring it does n't tell you what you need to know to complete a mission . The whole point is actually to blackmail and kill your allyies whick is stupid and that does n't work . Overall the game should n't have to be paid for . If anyone tells you different , you go and buy it but you 'll be as upset as me !
 ... There appears to be information scattered about , but finding it is next to impossible . They seem to be very proud of the ability to build formulas anywhere in a window you want , but so what ? They barely even tell you how to do that , and very poorly . There are no cogent lessons . You go looking for lessons and all you find is help files on how to use the software that tell you nothing but what great software it is . I thought Encore 's `` Math Advantage '' was -LSB- bad -RSB- , but I ca n't even think of expletives appropriate to what a waste of money this was . Unbelievable that after so many years of software development companies are still producing useless bits like this .
 I bought this software just a week ago . I read the previous reviews expecting a whole lot more . My first thought after installing and running this program is how cheaply put together it was . I re-installed the program believing something went wrong with the installation . After re-installing and a few minutes of dabbling , I knew I made a mistake on this buy . I purchased a less expensive math program -LRB- Middle & High Schol Math -LSB- Topics -RSB- -RRB- which blows this one away . Better yet , I purchased the package at half the price of StudyWorks.Basically , it is just a math book with a few basic AVI -LRB- video -RRB- files and what I can best describe as a Notepad similar to Windows version of WordPad . It is not very intuitive , and I ca n't imagine a pre-teen or teen using it regularly . The examples are long and tedious , and feel as though you are reading a novel.There are many Math software title out which are much better and much less expensive . The raves and awards advertised -LRB- and Amazon reviews -RRB- mis-led me into believing it was worth the extra money . You get what you pay for most of the time , but not here . Save your $ $ $
 I 'm running under WinMe , and I have this software , tho its called the 2000-2001 version . Unbelieveable numbers of crashes . And the crashes arent just limited to one particular activity . The disk must be in the drive while using this program , yet sometimes when you click on something and the program should access the CD for something , it claims it cant find the thing it needs . SOLUION
 In comparison to other educational software on the market , I found this software difficult to use . The tutorial was basically no help . The software resembles a text book in style and layout . The content was tedious for myself and my children to understand and to use . I found other educational software easier to use and thus more help than this one was .
 I was really excited to get this game . I popped it in and was disappointed from the start . Do you see how small the people are ? It should be called Grand Theft Ants . Good graphics but the people are small and very hard to see . Not worth anything .
 This game is higly repetitive.You get a car and thers one guy sitting and driving -LRB- you controling it -RRB- and one guy sticking out of the window like some dog with guns , shotting at others -LRB- you control this too -RRB- and others -LRB- the comp players -RRB- shooting at you.You drive and shoot ... Highly repetitive !!!!!!! The cars are not so good neither is the nitro and the guns are disastrous.You will love it for the first three , four races then it gets repetitive.Not recomended .
 When this game first came out , i was interested and had high hopes . I did the smart thing and rented it befor hand , and Im glad I did . As you problebly know , you are driving a car , trying to win , and can get wepons to blow up compeditors . that seemed like a good idea , and it was , lets start with the pros
 well the Disc looks good ... just the only problem i got is this ... when i insert the game in . . all i get is the audio but no video or anything else .
 this gameshark is the worst there has ever been.you cant input codes to existing gamesyou have to make a new game and then put in your own codesand then you cant boot the gamethis is absolute junkthe manual is no help at allyou can contact madcatzyou cant work with this gamesharkdont buy it
 If you or the person you 're buying this for has a slim model PS2 this wont work on it , all you 'll hear is the sound but you wont be able to see or control anything . I 'd advise getting a Pelican Codebreaker over this product as many of the codes from gameshark do n't work/cause game malfunctions .
 Not as good even as 2007 . Hard to figure out how to just have a career -LRB- i.e. play for Liverpool consecutive years -RRB- . Ca n't figure out how to upgrade players -LRB- It adds XP experience points but does n't let me spend them -RRB- . Too many horns in the crowd , and everyone knows that horns at sporting events are obnoxious . Defense is worse then previous years since an attacker can virtually waltz through your defense since the tackling is so horrid and the automatic switching makes you take a player you may not have wanted and even if you take the right player he almost always starts out running the wrong direction you want him to . I wish that smart , quality players of real football/soccer would test these games out and sort out a lot of the goofy little problems there are . Also , incredibly difficult to figure out how to shoot ! I.e. I still have no clue how to diliberately aim low . Anyone have some help ???
 The players are slow to react to the controller and pretty much only run up , down , left right , and in 45 degree diagnol lines . There is a second of lost time between pressing the button to shoot , and the actual shots that the players take . I had FIFA 2005 on the Playstation 2 , and it was WORLDS better than this piece of junk .
 Although my G3 266MHz meets the minimum system requirements on speed , I was a little shy on memory so increased my virtual memory as recommended . However , even then the game was extremely sluggish and slow to the point of crawling . It was pretty much impossible to play with my current computer configuration . If you would like to add this one to your collection , be sure your system meets at least the RECOMMENDED specs , not the minimum and you should have loads of fun .
 This game predates the Intel Mac computers by only a few years , and I was unaware of the fact that it was designed for the older machines ; having struggled for quite some time with the game , I was informed that it would only run on older Macs , not Intel machines . Jedi Outcast is an excellent game , but if you really want to play it , you 'll just need to get a PC or a Gamecube , unless you feel like backdating to an older Mac .
 Will ONLY work on latest -LRB- flat-screen -RRB- iMac with super-duper graphics card ! Disappointed children are not a pretty sight -- if you have a `` lesser '' iMac , stay away !
 If you like watching animated movies , especially foreign Asian animation , you might like this game because that is what you do in Jade Empire . If you like some good button mashing and then watching cutscene after cutscene after cutscene , then this might be the game for you . I like SOME cutscenes in my games , but too many will take me out of the immersion factor . Also , the graphics in Jade Empire just feel cartoony.Your character fights scripted linear enemies and then triggers another cutscene . Then your silent voiced character will have choices of dialog to select from leading eventually down the path of good or evil . Once you choose your dialog , you continue to the next cutsene . I just could n't get into this game no matter how hard I tried .
 This game came highly recommended . I can see why . I can also assume that it was n't the PC version of the game.Good side
 These games have been rewritten for the Mac OSX platform , but this is not it . This is the old windows XP / Mac OS 8-9 version that will not run on any current mac .
 This edition of Command and Conquer was a real disgrace . I have played Red Alert 2 , Tiberian Sun , C&C Gold , and then this . This was a piece of poorly-animated ... well ... CRAP . I ca n't beleive I wasted 14.95 on it . If I were you I would n't eve n't look directly at it .
 After the excellent Command & Conquer , I 'd hoped Westwood would come out with something just as good as the original . As usual , I was wrong . While the story and FMVs are as good as ever , and there are plenty of units to choose from -LRB- including welcome sea and air units -RRB- . There 's just one problem to the game
 This game is hard to control , even when the controls are on casual setting . the crosshairs used to shoot move around when you are trying to shoot something . i have shot down one plane in the 2 weeks i 've had it . i am thinking of purchasing another Jane 's product but i 'm not sure that i want to take the risk of not liking it !
 This game is n't a lot of fun , the graphics are bad and the explosions are n't very good either . There is n't any selection of planes you can only fly an f15 and it 's way to hard to control . The sound is low quality and the radar screech is horrific . There are a lot of better flight sims out there than F15 .
 This is a terrible game and ca n't even measure up to it 's predecessor Dune 2 , the original real time strategy game . Unfortunately , it is rehash of the original with no interface improvements , which will become old quickly to those playing any newer RTS . Wait for Emperor of Dune or pick up the original .
 First off , I 'd like to say this is NOT Dune . Second off , there are so many better RTS 's worth more than this game.The story has already been done , in Dune 2 . Also , since this game calls itself DUNE 2000 , it should at least have the aspects of the story Dune . It does not . This game seems more like another piece of Command & Conquer.The graphics are terrible 2D . The overall speed of the game is also disappointingly slow , making me wish I could just hurry up my men a few seconds faster . While playing the game , I got the feeling that it was nothing more than a slightly prettier version of Dune 2 . If you are really that desperate for an RTS , get StarCraft . But if you want a GOOD RTS , than get something like Age of Empires II , or Red Alert 2 , or something along those lines . You should not waste YOUR hard earned money on something like this .
 I just got this game in the mail . Had purchased two copies , one for me and One for a very good friend , so we could play online , just as the game says you can play . well , buyer beware . a WASTE of money . There is no way to play this game online . There is no way to connect using IP addresses . the only weay is to call your friends modem , a very outdated thing , in a world wher emost people use dial up ISPs . they Do have a way to connect using a battle.net type server , but after tlking to tech suppor tont he phone , i have found out they no longe rsupport this serve reither . the person on the phone told us , we were ` out of luck ' if we wanted to play online and NOt on a network int he same room . if you want it for single player , then go for it . but if you wish to play head to head with anyone , go play Star wars
 I bought this game on a whim ; I am not a Spyro fan . For the first few hours , I found it quite enjoyable . It had colorful graphics , cool moves , and even some humorous aspects . Unfortuneately , it is UNBELIEVABLY frustrating . I 'm quite skilled with platformers , but this game required perfect timing , accuracy , etc. . All this led to a lot of anger on my part . Still , I might have managed to work through it ... if it had n't BROKE ! Yes , that 's right
 i am a huge spyro fan , i have been playing since the first one , which was great , the second one better , the third one , ok , forth one What happened !! this one , after purchasing mine from amazon cheaply for something like 5 i regret doing so , it was a waste of money seen as the whole game is a bit repetative and frustrating , you never seem to get anywhere . all the voices have changed . if you are a series gamer and enjoyed the origional spyro games , dont buy this and dont be disapointed . however i would say that if you are under 12 you would probably very much enjoy the game .
 I really wanted to see how the developers could represent playing as a dragon , and spyro is the only one that came to mind at the time . I decided to get it , I put it in my console , turned it on , and was blown away ... by the stupidity.-Basic StoryIs stupid . Bad dragon plant mean gems to kill good dragon . Spyro good dragon , defeat evil dragon . Everybody dances because goodness prevailes.-GameplayAn atrocious story can be overlooked if the gameplay is good -LRB- mario ? -RRB- but spyro has probably the worst gameplay ever . It combines horrible , precise jumping puzzles with abysmally stupid enemies . The puzzles require you to tap the jump button at a certain time . If you do n't , you go back to the beginning of the puzzle . It was maddeningly hard at some points , and I am grown . So how hard would it be for a kid?For the enemies , they should get the darwin award . At many instances I was breathing flame -LRB- it has a limited reach -RRB- and the enemy walked right into it ! The enemies are dumber then a retarded 4 year old but margianally smarter than Paris Hilton . Also , they are very weak dying in 1-2 hits . There are also very few types of enemies -LRB- like around 2-6 -RRB- but they have the same AI and equally pose no challenge , seeing as they are weak and attack you one at a time.The boss battles are so simple they make you want to shoot yourself at how moronic they are . Also , playing as the other characters -LRB- hunter , blinx etc. -RRB- are not that fun.In conclusion do n't make the mistake I made and steer clear of this game . Get better ones for yourself whomever you are giving a gift to . -LRB- Oh , and do n't listen to the other people who gave this crudhole good reviews , they are either A. Retarded or B. Never played a decent game . -RRB-
 Not good for 360 unless you DO NOT need mute and volume control ... COMMUNICATOR piece -LRB- which has mute and vol contol -RRB- only works with original Xbox unless they are including a re-designed one that works with 360 ? Description makes no mention of vol/mute function . I wonder why ? No picture - NO good .
 I 've played and liked -LRB- and usually loved -RRB- every Sid Meier game.This one is not on the same page as CIV , etc.poor graphicspoor balanceabsolutely horrid game playThis is one annoying stinker.This is one of the rare games that makes me wish that I could return software .
 I originally bought this game for a 486/66Mhz computer . It ran in a DOS prompt , but I could never get my game to save . Worse yet , I tried running it on a newer 400 Mhz machine and the game ran too fast . It was as if the entire game was running in double fast forward . The game has little value if you ca n't run it.The game itself is fun . ThemePark is the predecessor of Sim Themepark -LRB- aka Themepark World -RRB- , which in turn is the predecessor of Sim Coaster . The graphics are pretty much the same , except you ca n't walk around your park like you can in the other two . You can still ride all your rides , but the number and theme of the rides is far more limited than in Sim Themepark and Sim Coaster.Overall , if you want to run a themepark , buy Sim Themepark -LRB- Sim Coaster is n't much different , and Sim Themepark is cheaper -RRB- or Rollercoaster Tycoon . Both are worth the money , and they will actually run on your computer .
 This game sucked big time . The graphics and sound quality was horrible , and the plot was a little sketchy . I would not buy it !
 Poorly designed campaign and scenario setup . Each one starts with the enemy knowing exactly where you are . If they havent already opened fire , they will in a few moments . There are far too many neutral ships & planes around and near your force . Hit one and you lose a lot of points . Problem is you have to seperately identify them because at the start of each campaign you do n't know who they are . -LRB- how realistic is that ?? -RRB- You ca n't change the weapons load on the planes which means if you use a US aircraft carrier , you have a grand total of 4 strike planes . You have to get the update from Janes website to allow your ships to do things like engage missiles automaticaly .
 I THOUGHT THAT IN THE GAME -LRB- BY THE WAY IT WAS ADVERTISED -RRB- I WOULD BE IN CONTROLL OF A SHIP , IN THE NAVY , FIGHTING OFF THE ENEMY . I WAS TERRIBLY MISTAKEN . THE GAME CONSISTS OF A BUNCH OF BLUE AND YELLOW DOTS . YOU -LRB- THE BLUE DOTS -RRB- HAVE TO KILL OFF THE YELLOW DOTS . THERE ARE BASICALLY NO GRAPHICS , AND TO CONTROLL ONE SHIP IS VERY DIFFICULT . DID I MENTION THAT YOU ARENT IN CONTROLL OF ONE SHIP , EITHER , YOU 'RE IN CONTROLL OF A FLEET . THE IDIOTS THAT MANAGED TO PUT THIS TOGETHER MUST 'VE BEEN HIGH WHEN THEY CAME UP WITH THE BASIS . OVERALL , I AM SAYING , THAT THIS GAME IS THE WORST I 'VE COME ACROSS IN A LONG TIME.THE CONTROLLS ARE MESSED UP , THERE ARE NO GRAPHICS , AND -LRB- GET THIS -RRB- THERE IS NO INSTUCTION BOOKLET TO LET YOU KNOW HOW TO PLAY . IT 'S JUST A GREAT BIG GUESSING GAME FROM THE BEGINNING . TAKE MY ADVICE , PLEASE , DONOT , I REPEAT DONOT PURCHASE THIS GAME .
 Go buy `` European Air War '' by Microprose . If you value substance over style , the superficial and boring `` WW2 Fighters '' will NOT keep you interested .
 Well last year , EA Sports came out with a game called Madden 99 . It was a big hit . Even NFL players say so . But how about this year ? Will it be a better one , ok one , or worst ! We 'll my point is that it was n't good . It 's ok but not ok . Sounds = 4 Graphic = 4 Background = 5 Commentary = 4 Realistic = 2 Game Speed = 1 . Now your porbably wondering why is everything else good but not the realistics and game speed . Well lets go with the pros first . Sounds are pretty good . The music is fine . Graphics are great . Everything is detalied beautifully . The background . The stadiums are made in each unique way . There are cheerleader and coaches and players on the sidelines . The commentary has gotten better . Madden and Summarall say excellent comments but once in a while it get messed up . Now for the cons . The realism that disapointed many NFL fans . The speed for one thing . Once a running back breaks through a hole . You can feel a touchdown coming your way . Sometimes , I mean most of the time , if your pass is off , you catch it . You ca n't actually see it because the game speed is too fast but if you slow it down on the replay you can . Well , you want to know more . Unlock cheats for new teams and speicals like jumping as high as the goal post . Now my QB passes over 750 yards a game . RB and QB gets rushing yards more than 100 yds . My wides get over 100 yds caught . The game has many injuries . Over like 7 a game . But the thing is , that sometimes a ambulance comes to the feel and picks up the player ! Well it 's your money , I 'm not your mom . You buy it if you feel like but I suggest you save it for Madden 2001,2002,2003,2004,2005 . Think about it .
 Within three weeks , this game totally quit working . I could have had more fun taking the money and setting it on fire . BEWARE !
 The first thing you 'll notice is that this game suffers from copioustechnical problems . It wo n't run on XP without a patch . You ca n'tinstall the patch without installing the game first , but you ca n'tinstall the game first because even its installer wo n't run on XPwithout the patch . Yes , this can be worked around . No , the vendor ` sweb site wo n't tell you how.Once installed , the game 's technical problems do n't end . About halfof the time , at random , when a scenario starts you will find thatfloating the mouse to the edge of the screen does not scroll the screenlike it should . Since that 's the only way to scroll around the map inthis game , the game is unplayable in that state . The only fix is to exitthe program and re-start . Hope you saved the game before the scrollinglocked up , because otherwise your game is lost when you re-start . The actual game play is difficult and cumbersome . Regiments sit ontop of each other , or hidden in the woods , or off forgotten at theedge of the map , such that you ca n't see them or ca n't click on themto move them . Action is slow , lots and lots of clicks are required , and your regiments are always facing the wrong way -LRB- the one thingthey do on their own -RRB- or standing right next to the enemy but notfiring.Finally , the difficulty of this game renders it unplayable , as ifit were playable otherwise . There are four difficulty levels . Onthe easiest level , it 's quite easy and not very compelling . Onthe next harder level , it becomes impossible to win most battles.Yes , impossible . After repeated plays , I am firmly convinced thatmost of the battles are just unwinnable , and on the rest , a `` marginalvictory '' is the best that can be achieved . Ever . How can I be sosure ? Well , when four of your regiments are completely surroundingthe end of the flank of one of the enemy 's regiments and still ca n'troute that enemy regiment , that 's not a strategy question . That ` ssomething technically wrong with the program.I ca n't believe this game won awards when it came out . There isreally nothing about it to recommend . Sid Meier , you really letloose a stinker .
 When this game first came out in 1998 -LRB- yes it WAS that long ago -RRB- everyone loved this game . I got this game about a year ago and on my computer -LRB- which was just upgraded -RRB- the cars did n't even look like cars , they looked like little colored blobs with black circles with a blob of silver on them for wheels . The graphics were horrible but gameplay is good , Hot Pursuit mode is fun for about two races . Handling is VERY unrealistic , all cars handle like they 're on a rail -LRB- which could be a good thing for less experienced players which I 'm NOT -RRB- . What I thouht of this game
 This game is pretty fun except for the the fact that it has the worst graphics I have ever seen in a flight simulator . I like the fact that you can be like 50 planes , but whats the fun in that when the graphics are so bad . The landing on also sucks because its so fake , making it a really bad flight sim .
 This was one of the first SIM type DVDs and I could never get it to work . Even if you followed instructions the program was lousy .
 to small to see and not as much fun as the old one that I played on my old 286 I was very disapointed with it .
 This game was n't very fun . It could have been a lot better . I 've bought a lot of Sim games and this was the worst . No one should buy this game .
 I was really looking forward to this game but when I started playing it I thought the graphics were terrible . I could have lived with that if the game had been a little more interesting but you can only plant crops and feed your livestock for so long before it becomes really boring . I thought there would be a little more to it .
 this game i thought was ok but out of all the sim games this i feel is the worst so i have to rate it 1 star . this has poor graphic and is very boring listen to .
 This was a disappointment compared to the other Sim games . Graphics were poor to nonexistent . The worst part is the lack of instructions , and it 's a pain to go back and forth to the help screen all the time . Once you figure out what you 're doing , you realize it was n't worth all the effort .
 I bought this game a few years ago and played it for about an hour . It was a waste of money . I 've lately been playing FarmVille on Facebook and thought Sim Farm would be fun for the kids to play on the old computer . Wrong . They hate it as much as I did when I first played it . I 'll stick to the Facebook game . Alot better .
 I AM A 13 YEAR OLD BOY AND I BOUGHT THIS GAME BECAUSE I LIKE TO FARM ALOT . I GOT HOME AND TRIED TO PLAY IT BUT I DID NOT KNOW WHAT TO DO . THIS GAME HAS BAD GRAPHICS ALSO . I WILL TELL YOU RIGHT NOW NOT TO BUY THIS GAME IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY .
 I bought this game as a gift , but it has never been played fully as it is such a slow process to set up your farmyard etc. . I thought it was going to be similar to ` THE SIMS ' - so be prepared to do a lot of prep-work before this game begins to get interesting !! : -LRB-
 This game is so stupid!Sure , you can learn to farm , but there are no codes!There 's no point of playing a game if it has no codes!This is not a game for action lovers !
 I do n't know who that other reviewer works for , maybe a EA Sports marketer , but I find it hard to believe he actually played -LRB- raced -RRB- this game . The idea of the game and its elements is great , but the execution of them was abysmal and will lead to many CD ROM 's being smashed on the corner of computer desks .
 This program reminds me of my old Atari 2600 , only much less fun . There are no useful instructions , the graphics stink , and as far as I can tell the entire game is one dull and repetitious waste of time money and effort . After spending over two hours trying to figure out how it could possibly be enjoyable-I gave up.Save your money-Don ' t buy this . I wish I could return this product . Or better yet , I wish someone had advised me not to waste money on it , like I am urging you !
 I thought taht after five minutes this game was boring , but I kept trying because I knew most things get more interesting . However , this was not the case . Do n't buy this game it is a waste of money , especially if you are a girl and have better stuff to do . I am not really a negative person but this was really a truly awful game .
 I see some people love this game . I on the other hand , dislike it very much . Mostly because in order to make your city happy , you need money to make the city better . But you run out of money to soon and try to make some adjustments in the taxes and everything , which makes the city unhappy . And while your trying to do all that , the roads keep getting messed up and needing repairs , you have to add more police stations to keep the crime at bay , ect . Plus , if your playing with the crisis ' , you 'll have aliens burning your hard work down , earthquakes , ect . It 's just not worth the time . Now if you love a tough challenge and have nothing else you can think of to do , then go right ahead and get it . Otherwise , do n't waste your time or money . This is unlike the regular Sims game , which is the best PC game ever . I really ca n't wait for The Sims 2 ! Save your money for that one ! It will be so much better than the first !
 This game is extremely bad . The only good sim games are the awesome `` The Sims '' games . In SimCity , th only way to build homes , hospitals , airports etc. . . is to use the urban renewal kit ! If you build a city useing the regular game it does not build buildings at all ! If you choose to make an area of land residential , it does not build homes , it colors the land green ! This game is horrible ! When you look at your finished city , it is a huge color coded land mass !
 It would not install on a Windows 7 Operating System or a ME System.I did n't pay much for it so I am not to upset .
 This game does n't work for any system basically made it the past 10 years which is ridiculous considering no one has that old of a system .
 Sacrifice has enough eye candy and interesting gameplay that it could easily merit four or even five stars -- IF it were stable and reasonably smooth to play . I realize that my 300 MHz B&W G3 represents the low end of the Apple spectrum these days , but since I have no trouble getting Black & White or MYTH III to run smoothly -LRB- and both of these have hefty system requirements -RRB- , I certainly ca n't see why Sacrifice should sputter and crash the way it does . Do n't bother going for the lowest resolution and detail settings , either -- it wo n't help . You might as well enjoy the nice 1024x840 32bit graphics , as the game 's performance will not benefit from turning all the nicer video settings off . Form what hear and read , not even having a nice tricked-out G4 will get Sacrifice off the ground -- something must be fishy with the code itself . It 's a shame , since Sacrifice is quite an original title with amazing visuals and great sound FX . But it 's the first game in a long while that I really wish I had n't bought .
 It keeps crashing , I cant even play . Does any1 kno wut is wrong or how to fix it ? I 'm running Mac OS 10.3.4 on a g3 ibook with 500 mHz and 384 Megs of ram .
 given I appear to have the system reqs I was disappointed to find this program wo n't even load . Waste of money , do n't bother even for a penny . And worth only zero stars
 It keeps crashing , I cant even play . Does any1 kno wut is wrong or how to fix it ? I 'm running Mac OS 10.3.4 on a g3 ibook with 500 mH and 384 Megs of ram .
 This is my favorite game ever , bar none . It is so very disappointing that it was ported to OSX this poorly . You will literally spend half of your time with this game re-loading from a crash or freeze . And that 's IF you get it to run in the first place . It has so many install-related issues that many people simply give up trying -LRB- according to forums -RRB- . Buy and play this game in Windows -LRB- I can not BELIEVE I just wrote that ! -RRB-
 Once again we see the big problem with online roleplay games . The game is no longer hosted and so is not playable . This is the big problem with online hosting of games . Eventually , usually after two years , the game makers/supporters will no longer spend the money to host it . They figure there are better money makers elsewhere so as with everything else , chasing the money means dumping those to whom there should be some kind of commitment . That leaves any of us who buy the game out of the water because we can not connect to play . This is especially typical of games like this one where there is no way to play alone without being connected to someones hosted game server.There is some kind of community for this game but I have tried for weeks to try and get it to connect without luck.So stay clear of it . It may only be a few bucks but it is still wasted cash out of your pocket . What gets me is people will still sell this game without telling you it no longer works . Not very honest of them.Hail Flavius !
 I did not get a chance to play the game b/c it was not compatible with my version of windows windows 7 I have ran across this a few times before all the new games for the most part work its when I try an old game sometimes they do n't work not the fault of the seller its the operating system on my computer .
 I bought this game hoping for a return to the good ol' days of Baldur 's Gate 1 & 2 , some of my favorite games of all time . I checked out system requirements , since it 's an old game , but everywhere I looked said it worked on OSX . Seeing as my BG2 still works reasonably well , I thought I 'd be safe.I was wrong . My Macbook runs OS 10.5 , years ahead of the original OSX Icewind Dale is designed for . If your computer runs an operating system later than 10.1 , do not buy this game . It will not run . You might be able to install it , but once you try to create a new game , nothing will work . Macplay once released a patch to run the game on 10.2 , but after an hour of searching online , every link to said patch I could find was inactive , a dead link . Macplay has virtually disavowed any connection to Icewind Dale , and has no record of the game anywhere on its website.So unless you have a computer that you have n't updated in almost a decade , save yourself the disappointment of being unable to start a great adventure and buy something else .
 I received this game in good condition . It installed just fine . The main problem , is that once it is installed , it is not playable . A patch is required to get anywhere past the `` party formation '' page an any Mac OS X. Said patch , is no longer available for Macs and MacPlay apparently no longer even recognizes the game . It is listed no where on their website . The technical support link listed in the game instruction manual no longer exists ; this just links right back to MacPlay 's homesite . I 'm sure the game is very fun to play ; I 'll just never know . But I now have two new coasters.Please do n't make my mistake ; do n't waste your time or money on this worthless piece of plastic .
 This game is funny and enjoyable during the cutscenes , but cutscenes are not enough to make a game fun to play . As Meccaryns the game is fairly good . The combination of their jetpacks and weapons make them fun until the levels in which bases become involved , at which point your lack of ability to directly control more than one character makes it very frustrating , especially when you are need to leave the base for resources , but are being attacked from multiple unknown directions . In the other two thirds of the game , any ranged weapons that are available quickly become useless and the melee combat systems are very poorly implemented . The one thing that all of the characters that the player uses in this game have one thing in common
 This game has great , action-filled play . However , the mermaids , with their fully developed , unclothed , human bodies there for all to see is basically animated pornography . The crude language throughout makes the game a complete turnoff .
 Ironic this game will play on windows 95 which is the equivalent of Mac OS 7.5 but wo n't run on anything less than OS 10 for a Mac . Welp , that 's not enough for me to upgrade to OS 10 . Guess I 'd rather put the $ 250 in RAM and software upgrades towards a new Playstation/Xbox . Somebody is getting a kickback for that I 'm sure .
 While playing this game , I found it much harder than any of the other pokemon games , which I found good . My fighting style is to get a ghost to put something to sleep , then get a dragon to finish it off in one move . If you evolve the bird Swablu then it is a dragon that can make stuff sleep . Sweet ! 2 on 2 battle is very fun , but you ca n't trade in any pokemon from any of your other games unless it 's ruby-ruby sapphire-sapphire , ruby-sapphire . That Tyranitar/Dragonite team you 've spent weeks breeding into level 5 larvitar/dratini with the best TM moves are worthless , since you ca n't trade them.Berries do n't grow one per tree per day , but you can grow your own , and there are beauty contests on pokemon now , but they 'll probably be completely useless on the battlefield if you make them for showing off.Overall rating would have been 5 instead of 2 , but after I beat the Elite Four and Pokemon Master , and still ca n't find most of the old 251 pokemon , the rating drops quick . Also , I ca n't find a way to get to Johto or Kanto , that might be where they are.Lastly , as a Dragon Fanatic , most dragons , aside from Gyarados , Tropius , and Sceptile -LRB- treecko -RRB- most of the dragons are found by Rock Smash . NOT EASY . Good luck , Trainers !
 The seller did great , i got the game on time and it work and was as described , but this game was absolutely terrible and if you like Pokemon i would not suggest this to anyone . i did n't even care enough to finish one play through before giving the game away . but dont get me wrong i would buy from this seller again as they did everything right .
 this pokemon game is like no other . It is the best graphic game for gameboy ever -LRB- Thats what I think -RRB- . The only down fall is that you can only have 200 pokemon insted of 354 -LRB- including new Deoxys and jirachi -RRB- . I think everyone with a game boy advance should get this game . you can become a boy or girl , 2 on 2 battle , aero or mach bike , and the new pokemon are the best .
 I received this game in the mail fairly quickly , and I played it for about three weeks , getting fairly far in it . But one evening , I turned it on and the game had been erased !
 I ordered Pokemon Ruby and was shipped Pokemon FireRed . Unfortunately i did n't realize it was the wrong game until my son opened it on Christmas Day . If you order from this seller , be sure you get what you ordered .
 This game is boring . You can onlty expoler Hoen and there 's not a lot of Pokemon form the other games . You ca n't connect to the other games and after the elite foure thres nothing for you to do except cath all the pokemon . You ca n't even travel to fight people in Jhoto and Kanto . Thats why I liked Gold and Sliver but this is stupid . You still have to make due with only Four moves not six or five , but only four moves . and some of the new pokemon is ugly and even some look alike . Also in the Pelterbug forrest cath two Slakouth because you can trade one for a pokemon I ca n't pronounce in Peltaburg city . In Peltaburg city you have to fight roxanne . She has a Lv . 15 Geodude and LV .14 Nosepass . Nosepass uses a attacked call Rock to mp it reduces your ablie and doese Damage !!! Use berries if you have them . If you have Treecko there is a guy in route 104 that gives a TM called Bullet Seed . teach that TM to Treecko . Bullet Seed is a Grass move that attacks 2 -5 times . It doese crital damage to Rock and fighting pokemon . If you do n't have Treccko , another good poke for the gym leader is Dustox . Level up a wrumple to lv .10 and learn confusion . and Gust at lv .13 . At slateport , if you defeat all the trainers in the shack you get six Sodapop !!!
 the game i purchased is one of my old time favorites and i cant even play it bc the game doesnt save . the file has been screwed with so it wont save anything
 Pok&eacute;mon has come a long way to here , but it 's losing its touch.In 1995 , a popular trading card game was brought to America from Japan . It was n't until 1998 a game for Gameboy was released , a game similar to the trading card game , become the greatest Pok&eacute;mon master ever . Soon 1999 was here , and to go along with Red and Blue , Yellow . Then later on down the road in the new era of the 21st century , 2000 and 2001 came Gold , Silver , and Crystal . The storyline was exactly the same as before , with wierd twists . Now , we have Ruby and Sapphire . IT 'S THE SAME !!!!!!! Do n't waste your money .
 Bought this game in good faith that it would work , and it does n't . Contacted the seller in January , but have recieved no contact back . This is rediculous , you ca n't even get to the start screen of the game . You put it in the game console and it goes white with a weird noise . Not satisfied at all .
 I finally got around to playing and it froze right after the first battle . I probably should 've realized it was less than legitimate when it came in a padded envelope rather than a box .
 got the game and it dont work , it keep freezing . . tried to contact seller on several occasions and they didnt even contact me back -LRB- bad business -RRB- !!! will never do business with them again !! consumer beware !!!! i had to contact amazon to get my money back !! im piss !!!
 the makers tryed to release this so people will go back into the pokemon craze . it wo n't work , so why they bother ?
 Come on it just goes on and on and on and on and on that 's why I hate it .
 Please all reviewers read this review with an open mind . Thank you . THIS GAME IS THE MOST BORING GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE . This game has No replay value . and not to mention its so easy it makes me sick . When nintindo made this game it must have been for babies ! I completed that Pokemon Ruby 8 times with no enjoyment . I played it again and again expecting somthing more . Oh , and guess what . This game has not a drop of replay value . Nope . Not a drop . The only reson I played it so many times is because that was my only game . To this day I dread that moment I placed in my order for this game . Influenced by all the good reviews . Please do n't make my same mistake . The people who wrote thats its a super game , they do n't now what there talking about . If you want a good game . I suggest Golden Sun 2 the lost age . At least its a true game that is worthy of a good review .
 Please all reviewers read this review with an open mind . Thank you . THIS GAME IS THE MOST BORING GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE . This game has No replay value . and not to mention its so easy it makes me sick . When nintindo made this game it must have been for babies ! I completed that Pokemon Ruby 8 times with no enjoyment . I played it again and again expecting somthing more . Oh , and guess what . This game has not a drop of replay value . Nope . Not a drop . The only reson I played it so many times is because that was my only game . To this day I dread that moment I placed in my order for this game . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Remember the cute cuddly pokemon in yellow gold silver crystal blue red version ??? Those games are awesome now THE Days are over The new UGLY HORRIBLE GROSS FAT pokemon took their place if you want to keep your Old Cute POKEMON stick with the old ones ALL pokemon games are the same start with a pokemon from a Professior battle gym leaders BORING Dont GET THIS IT STINKS !!!!
 what ??? okay so i got this game for my brother timmy and THIS GUY IS JUST PLAYING AND PLAYING AND PLAYING IT !! 1 -RRB- NOW THAT acne encrusted punk will never get a date to the prom2 -RRB- i want to play catch with him but he 's all `` got ta dedicate my life to pokemon ruby `` 3 -RRB- NOW THAT he has it the whack punk never studies ! he can kiss his dreams of being a Stanford undergrad goodbyethanks a lot ninento . I 'm being sarcastic with that last sentencethis game is runing my kid borhters life and it should be banned on the mareket
 I am sooooooo sick of Pokemon , it is a super fade that wo n't die . They do n't even use real colors anymore , Ruby ? , what the f# #k is that ?
 You can not trade with older versions , Johto and Kanto are n't in the game and you can only catch about 150 Pokemon between the two games . Two thumbs down .
 Ruby really disappoints me . The game is boring and has NO replay value.Don ' t get me wrong ; Leaf Green was SO much better than this.You 'd probably have more fun playing the other games , just skip this , you wo n't be missing out on much .
 I bought this game and found out that the game delete itself after 30 minutes.So , for those of you who decide to buy it THINK TWICE !! Also if you are a professional at pokemon pleaaaaaaase tell me how to fix thisin your review .
 I have not recieved my game so I have no idea how this game is . I have been waiting for over a month and still have not received it . I would like to know why so someone please help me with this .
 Think about it ... Red & Blue ... a little later there was Yellow which was a little better than Red & BlueGold & Silver ... a little later there was Crystal which was a little better than Gold & SilverRuby & Sapphire ... there 's got to be another one released that 's a little better than Ruby & Sapphire ... NintendoFreak
 Sell A Lot seller is a BAD person to deal with !!!! DO NOT BUY FROM SELL A LOTTHEY DO NOT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING
 I purchased the Game Boy Advance Pokemon Sapphire , Emerald & Ruby for my son 's birthday . He wanted these games so he could migrate the Pokemon to his DS Pokemon Diamond game , but these games would not allow him to migrate the Pokemon . Every time he tried to migrate the Pokemon to his Diamond game , it would delete his file and he would have to start all over again . I know that his DS and his Pokemon Diamond game are not defective because his cousin has the Game Boy Advance Pokemon Emerald game and he does n't have any trouble migrating Pokemon from his cousin 's game . He found the disfunctional games to be rather frustrating . I returned all 3 games by USPS with signature confirmation . Y Yang signed for the package a week ago and I still have not received a refund for the games .
 The video did ` nt work , and the company STILL has not returned my email about it !! Will NEVER buy from them
 i was very dissapointed and upset about this purchase . . This particular item was a fake , and when i tried to return it to the sender , the link said it didnt exist anymore . . the game never even loaded , never worked , and was never even able to play it.i have never had an experience from amazon like this before , and am not happy with it at all.i will never purchase a used product again.thank you .
 I purchased the Game Boy Advance Pokemon Sapphire , Emerald & Ruby for my son 's birthday . He wanted these games so he could migrate the Pokemon to his DS Pokemon Diamond game , but these games would not allow him to migrate the Pokemon . Every time he tried to migrate the Pokemon to his Diamond game , it would delete his file and he would have to start all over again . I know that his DS and his Pokemon Diamond game are not defective because his cousin has the Game Boy Advance Pokemon Emerald game and he does n't have any trouble migrating Pokemon from his cousin 's game . He found the disfunctional games to be rather frustrating . I returned all 3 games by USPS with signature confirmation . Y Yang signed for the package a week ago and I still have not received a refund for the games .
 Instead of getting this or Ruby just get Crystal because you ca n't trade with any GBC versions and it 's very hard to keep up with the cards . Ever since these 2 games came out all the other pokemon were forgotten like Charizard , Typhlosion etc. so just stick with Crystal because it 's a combination of both Gold and Silver and you have the 3 legendary dogs , Girl trainer , and the Pokemon move when you up with them in battle .
 this game is horrible . one of my frriends have it and the only thing new is those weird 2 on 2 battles . i think that they should stop making this game . its getting old .
 Like Pokemon games , this has the same concept . You run around with miniature animals inside red and white balls . How fun is that ?
 I recently purchased my own copy of pokemon sapphire , and was actually very dissappointed . While the graphics and sounds are amazing compared to previous pokemon games . when this `` shock '' wears off , you 'll find that the older games are actually much better . While the new `` personalities '' and other additions are very interesting , there are many flaws in the game . The female player is very strange-looking -LRB- even ugly -RRB- , and the rival is n't pushy enough -LRB- not the type that you can `` love to hate '' , therefore less fun to defeat -RRB- The trainers in the game are very easy to defeat ; I breezed through this game even more quickly than gold , which was entirely too easy in and of itself . The lack of strategy of the in-game trainers and their low-level pokemon makes running into and battling them realy a bore . These trainers were much harder to defeat in yellow version , the hardest versoin of all pokemon games . The storyline is hard to follow wihout a guide , and can even be frustrating . As with all pokemon games , the storyline is entirely too short , leaving a player with nothing to do when their pokemon reach level 40ish . By far the largest dissappointment ; however , is the varety of pokemon available in the game . Almost all of the pokemon from the previous versoins ae not available in these games . The new pokemon are , for the most part , are very dissappointing , as they appear that nintendo has run out of idea for pokemon . All the new pokemon are similar in shape , color , and other appearance . I soon found , using a quick online lookup , that ALL my favoriite pokemon had been discontinued from both ruby and sapphire , making for a very unhappy game experience .
 Well , I did n't think it was possible to make a poor pokemon game , but they proved me wrong . The only good thing about this game is the graphics . There are 100 + new pokemon , and once again nintendo dose n't program them all into the game , plus , 184 of the older pokemon are not in the game , and can not be traded from older versions , forcing you into buying a cheating device to code them in . There are only 4-6 pokemon that each sapphire and ruby need to trade with each other . Plus the game gives you much more busy work than any other game I 've played . Plus the map is so rediculously small , you can get through the entire island in 15 minutes after you beat all the gyms . The two constants I noticed in this game is that there are a lot of water pokemon , and almost every pokemon can confuse another . If they really wanted to make a good sequal , here 's what Nintendo needs to do * larger map , or incorporate the Kanto and Johto Islands also , thus killing 2 birds with one stone by also making more space for a variable amount of more pokemon breeds . * include more pokemon * while battling , use a better variety of status ailments , after the 5th battle I had in the game , i noticed a trend of my pokemon being confused . * end it better , after the team aqua / team magma thing , it did n't feel like the story line was resolved , so I wondered around for a while and did nothing.So if you 're in for a dissapointment then get the game .
 You know what I think ? I think it is a really great game with a lot of flaws . I starts out as a fun , cute little game , BUT ... the gym leaders get too hard too fast . The first gym leader was easy , but then , it seems that the seventh leaders were out their teenage minds -LRB- they could read minds too -RRB- !!! The leaders catch up too fast ! Also , if you do n't choose the right pokemon ... KABLOOEE !!! The whole thing goes to heck !!! So over all , I gave it a C - .
 This game is horrible . Im basing this off of actual gameplay . Since I am anbiased gamer , I can say that this game series needs to end ! The creators think that adding new PokeMon will save the series ! Well it can not and will not . Adding new Pokemon , and a few new perks just is getting boring . Also there is basicly no stradegy whatso ever ! Its like the stronger of the two will win , and nothing else . Its sooo boring looking for people to battle and just walking around getting badges is old too !!
 Something seems to be wrong with the game . I bought it for my nephew and he says he can not save any games he is in the process of . Other than that it works fine
 This product was a waste of my money as it did not work properly . It deleted my saved data all on its own . I am not happy about it .
 I recently purchased my own copy of pokemon sapphire , and was actually very dissappointed . While the graphics and sounds are amazing compared to previous pokemon games . when this `` shock '' wears off , you 'll find that the older games are actually much better . While the new `` personalities '' and other additions are very interesting , there are many flaws in the game . The female player is very strange-looking -LRB- even ugly -RRB- , and the rival is n't pushy enough -LRB- not the type that you can `` love to hate '' , therefore less fun to defeat -RRB- The trainers in the game are very easy to defeat ; I breezed through this game even more quickly than gold , which was entirely too easy in and of itself . The lack of strategy of the in-game trainers and their low-level pokemon makes running into and battling them realy a bore . These trainers were much harder to defeat in yellow version , the hardest versoin of all pokemon games . The storyline is hard to follow wihout a guide , and can even be frustrating . As with all pokemon games , the storyline is entirely too short , leaving a player with nothing to do when their pokemon reach level 40ish . By far the largest dissappointment ; however , is the varety of pokemon available in the game . Almost all of the pokemon from the previous versoins ae not available in these games . The new pokemon are , for the most part , are very dissappointing , as they appear that nintendo has run out of idea for pokemon . All the new pokemon are similar in shape , color , and other appearance . I soon found , using a quick online lookup , that ALL my favoriite pokemon had been discontinued from both ruby and sapphire , making for a very unhappy game experience .
 I ordered this game last weekend because I was feeling a certain nostalgia , got the actual game a week before they estimated it would get here so I was very happy to receive it . The game worked perfectly for about . . a day and a half , then after I saved and turned it off , upon booting the game back up and loading my save , all characters were invisible and/or absent and I could not move . Upon starting a new game , I could not even see Birch at the beginning due to him being invisible . I did not tamper with the cartridge or anything along the lines of that , it simply just stopped working properly . Also there are a few stains on the outside , maybe even inside , of the cartridge of unknown origin that were present at the time of receiving the game . I will never buy from this seller again , or possibly any used games dealer . Waste of my hard-earned money .
 This is the saddest thing scince the release of Crystal , Silver , and gold i mean come on the card game lost it years ago really leave it to the sales if it buys well good if not dont just come up with new pokemon and cards if it starts to flop let it . i used to play the game and card game . its just sad that they keep the games and stuff . ohh my a new set of pokemon better graphics whoopedy dooooo just leave pokemon to flop
 Enough with the Pokemon stuff already . It 's a fad that died out a few years ago , yet Nintendo 's making a sequel with some of the most dated graphics I 've ever seen . The series hopes to get young kids into the RPG genre , which is fine , but for them to keep at it this long is abseloutely pathetic . They should have scrapped this project and focused on the new Golden Sun game , an RPG series that 's actualy GOOD and requires DEEP THOUGHT . I doubt anyone over 10 is playing pokemon anymore . But those who are should try to expand their intrests . Maybe try a `` T '' rated RPG and see how much more comlex and interesting it can be .
 First lets get things straight , I 'm just trying to help and have nothing against Pokemon : The graphics are really bad for GBA.I would recommend for 10 and below but everyone older than that should get something like Golden Sun or Breath of Fire II.And Pokemon is just a bit too , err juvinile for the elder players .
 I used to be very much into Pokemon but now that i 'm a lot older I realize it is just a game for little kids . I 'll admit that the old games were pretty fun ... When I was younger ! I 'm not trying to dis Pokemon for the older people but seriously , come on guys , leave Pokemon and go get some real RPG . The graphics on this suck . Just go play some Golden Sun or like the new one ! Even Yu-Gi-Oh ! is a little intimidating . Again , I 'm not trying to make fun of it but its just horrible ...
 let me first say that the game was in good condition and shipped quite fast but i looked online and did some research and found that the game i bought was fake or so what many youtube videos told me by the markings i found that werent there so i played the game anyway hoping for something and found it worked but the catch was that the game deleted my first save and when i tried to replay and go and save again it said that the internal battery was dry and couldnt save now i have messaged the seller and am trying to return it and the seller is CapnGames so i am wondering the credibility of this seller for the sake of other amazon shoppers i am telling this too .
 I have been a big fan of the previous Pok&eacute;mon games and therefore I started Sapphire with fresh mood . This game , however , did n't come up to my expectations . In Pok&eacute;mon Gold and Silver , it was still possible to catch 251 Pok&eacute;mon , whereas the number now stops at 200 . That said , the worst thing is that Nintendo has deleted most of the best old Pok&eacute;mon , and has put in new ones instead . They are terrible ! Especially the new legendary Pok&eacute;mon do n't even approach the level that Articuno , Zapdos and Moltres used to achieve . The graphics are bitter too . Although they are well made , they do n't give you the distressing feeling which came over you in Red and Blue walking through one of the caves -LRB- which also have disappeared -RRB- . The only improvement there can be seen in the enlargement of the screen font . The sound fails , too . Where are the happy tunes of the older games ? The 2-on-2 fights do n't add anything to the game . They are the almost no different and they almost do n't show up . In spite of this all I found it nevertheless worthwile to play Pok&eacute;mon Sapphire . Although the good things of the old games has disappeared , it remains exciting to discover a new city and the game has gained in depth on other things , like the improved pack and Pok&eacute;dex and the addition of Pok&eacute;mon contests . If you have n't yet played the older games , it is certainly advisable to play Sapphire . Even when you HAVE played them , but be prepared to some major disappointments
 I recently purchased my own copy of pokemon sapphire , and was actually very dissappointed . While the graphics and sounds are amazing compared to previous pokemon games . when this `` shock '' wears off , you 'll find that the older games are actually much better . While the new `` personalities '' and other additions are very interesting , there are many flaws in the game . The female player is very strange-looking -LRB- even ugly -RRB- , and the rival is n't pushy enough -LRB- not the type that you can `` love to hate '' , therefore less fun to defeat -RRB- The trainers in the game are very easy to defeat ; I breezed through this game even more quickly than gold , which was entirely too easy in and of itself . The lack of strategy of the in-game trainers and their low-level pokemon makes running into and battling them realy a bore . These trainers were much harder to defeat in yellow version , the hardest versoin of all pokemon games . The storyline is hard to follow wihout a guide , and can even be frustrating . As with all pokemon games , the storyline is entirely too short , leaving a player with nothing to do when their pokemon reach level 40ish . By far the largest dissappointment ; however , is the varety of pokemon available in the game . Almost all of the pokemon from the previous versoins ae not available in these games . The new pokemon are , for the most part , are very dissappointing , as they appear that nintendo has run out of idea for pokemon . All the new pokemon are similar in shape , color , and other appearance . I soon found , using a quick online lookup , that ALL my favoriite pokemon had been discontinued from both ruby and sapphire , making for a very unhappy game experience .
 I have played every zelda game ever but out and this one sucks . I really think sailing all over the place is boredom on a par with watching golf on tv . The overall feel is a very boring cartoon with endless amounts of time wasted getting from one place to another ... Play OOT again and enjoy a good Zelda game .
 Pathetic and unworthy of the name `` Legend of Zelda . `` When I saw screenshots for this game prior to its release I was up in arms , as were many people , and ready to avoid this game like the plague . Unfortunately , many people seem -LRB- for some unknown reason -RRB- to have been won over by the game after its release ; I , however , found the disappointment of playing this game to be exactly commensurate with my expectations.I decided to give the game an honest chance ; I thought , `` Just look at it as Ocarina of Time with different graphics and different levels . '' Sadly , the only thing carried over from OoT were the horrible controls -LRB- funny how technology advances and Nintendo still ca n't manage to achieve correspondence between controller inputs and character actions ; oh well ... -RRB- , though one could stretch a point and say that OoT did introduce gratuitously bizarre new elements to the Zelda world -LRB- the Goron race comes to mind -RRB- , but TWW takes this to such an extreme that I can not forgive it for its eccentricities as I did OoT.TWW is boring and embarrassing . Boring because the story has virtually no connection to the prior Zelda games , so the hardcore fan really has to make a mental leap to even consider this as continuous with the other games . Boring also because the game starts out with sheer tedium ; it took what seemed like forever to get the sword , only to lose it in the first level . And the game actually starts out with a Gerudo Fortress-like level where one must evade detection . One would think that Shiggy would start the game out with the most fun and pleasant puzzles he possibly could , to encourage immersion in the game before challenging the gamer 's patience , but the worst trials of my patience came right at the beginning of the game.The game is embarrassing because it is extremely immature in a way reminiscient of Majora 's Mask . I 'm not sure if it 's just the way the Japanese design games , but the bizarre childish characters and graphics were very off-putting . While I 'm on the subject , the graphics are terrible . There is no sense that this is a Zelda game ; it 's a cartoon . There is certainly no sense of darkness in the game either , something every Zelda game before this has had . The game is very lighthearted and giddy and yet tedious . Excellent combination for boring me to death.I kept playing , hoping for a break to the boredom , but it never came . I stopped playing this game and have no intention of coming back to it . Adventure of Link was good enough as a game that I finished it , but this game is just terrible . Stay away unless you want to be a Miyamoto-barning fanboy .
 Well what can I say I own it and I hate it . It looks like this game was designed for 3 year olds and the characters look stupid . Beleve me I tried to give this new game a chance and it not the same anymore . I loved Ocarina of Time and Majora 's Mask those games rocked and Wind Waker falls short of it . I hope Nintendo wakes up and goes back to the old style those characters were the best and I hope there are a few people out there that agree with me . What happened to Nintendo 's first idea for Game Cube will we ever see it !
 I 'm big fan of Ocarina of Time and this new game falls far below it . If your looking for the mature game style of the original you wo n't find it in the new game . I was sadly disapointed in Nintendo distroying this great game series . If you would like to voice your feelings about the game . Nintendo has a web site click on their -LRB- contact us -RRB- section on their home page look for a picture of Mario . The e-mail section is in small print so look for it . Enough protest and they will make changes so flood them with e-mails and do n't give up .
 I had loved the Zelda series , but was dismayed when I saw Wind Waker . The cartoonish graphics look childish and amateurish . I nonetheless decided to rent the game and give it a shot . However , I gave up after a half hour or so . It just was n't fun and was n't worth my time .
 este juego es el peor de todos para los que han jugado todos los zeldas se podran dar cuenta que en la mayoria siempre pelea uno por 8 pendientes y que las 3 fuerzas estan en los castillos no en el mar hundidos este juego apesta
 it 's the eayiest zelda game ever and the boringest .
 I do n't mean to crash anyones party but this game sucked ... Its nothing like the other Zelda games ... . I LOVED the origenal Zelda the best ... And I liked all the others because they where based on the origanal , but this one is a totally diffrent story ... it should n't have the opertunity to be have `` Zelda '' in its title . If they would change the green outfit -LRB- the only thing linking it to any of the other Zelda games -RRB- No one would even know it was sapposed to be a Zelda game .
 If you are a diehard Zelda fan , this game is a major disappointment . The graphics are poor and much too of a cartoon effect than any of the previous games . The game lacks the delightful and challenging puzzles we had to solve in previous Zelda versions . This game may be great for kids -LRB- my grandson has nearly solved it -RRB- , but for those of us who enjoy a challenging game , this game is not anywhere close to the caliber of the previous Zelda games we have come to enjoy . For gamers looking for a challenging game , look further than Wind Waker .
 First of all , the graphic are great , I have to admit that . But , the whole Link 's - head-is-bigger-than-than-the-rest-of-his-body thing is just really wrong . cel shading COULD have worked great if the things didnt go WWAAYY out of proportion.I 'm not saying Shuigera made a mistake choosing to go with the cel-shading . The game is way too easy , not like OoT where u have to get through AGONIZING dungeon to get an item , nooo , oh yeah , you just talk to the little girl with wings WITHOUT doing much of anything and she gives you your 1st botttle -LRB- even before you FIRST DUNGEON !!! -RRB- and the Grapple hook for you to `` conveniently '' fight the boss with . The Dragon boat -LRB- the oh-so-gallant Great King of Red Lions -RRB- talks to you * HINT * and bam ! there 's you answer to the easi -LSB- er than heck -RSB- riddle that you culda solved as soon as you saw the obvious clue . The storyline is really messed up too . near the end , Tetra is Zelda 's DAUGHTER ! Zelda was about 18 in OoT to begin with and Tetra is same age as WW Link -LRB- 12 -RRB- so the OoT Zelda was how old ? 88 +18 = 106 yrs old !!!!! It just doesnt add up
 I am a hardcore Zelda fan , but I really do n't know what Nintendo was thinking on this one . After games like Ocarina of Time and A Link to the Past , I was really expecting something that would live up to the Zelda legend.Ocarina of Time and Majora 's Mask set new graphical standards for the series , and this game totally obliterated those accomplishments . Nintendo 's experimentations , of course , should be praised , and granted , the graphics did not turn out as horrible as many , including myself , expected . However , that excellent eye candy that was the former Link has transformed into what looks like a bad comic strip . This new look may be fit for other games , such as Viewtiful Joe , but for Zelda ? I think not.The difficulty level of the game has also taken an incredible drop . OoT had the perfect balance of difficulty , in my opinion . The Water Temple , for example , offered a great challenge without proving too irritatingly difficult . Wind Waker , however , is far too easy throughout . I went through the entire game without approaching death . The only decent challenge in this game is the collection of optional items , including heart pieces and bottles.The plot , although decent , lacked much that was present in previous games . Almost everything is far too predictable for my tastes . The fighting system , however , has improved in my opinion
 Think back the fall of 1999 when `` The Blair Witch Project '' was released . The elitist movie critics were in a full-fledged campaign to convince the public and themselves that the movie was the best thing since `` Citizen Kane '' . Back in 1999 so much praise was showered on the film that the voices of dissent were drowned out and ridiculed . Then a funny thing happened
 I just received this game yesterday night , and I didnt really like it . It was boring after playing it for an hour or so . I think Mario would be better than this , but then again . . I have my own opinions . I got the collector 's edition zelda . . And i didnt like n e of the games ... they just seemed sort of boring ... but i have my opinions and u have yours ... . I would recommend bomberman generation as a great game for all ages !
 A am a huge fan of both Zelda
 I decided to pick this game up , but was disappointed . I was expecting alittle more action death coolness , but it was n't there . It was pretty little link prancing around with a little dagger `` getting the bad guys . '' If your over 11 years old i would n't even bother . Though the fact that it is link with a sword , and a well made battle mode i give it 2/2 stars
 This game is cool only because `` Zelda '' is included in the title.What a major dissapointment . I , like everyone else after playing the N 64 versions , had great expectations for this one . I set myself up for a big let down . The game is boring and too easy . The graphics are the only thing I like . It seems to me that theymade this game for 4-year olds . Maybe I 'm getting too old for games . - -LRB- 18 -RRB-
 this game is fun it has some good parts to the game . But it also has alot of bad parts the sailing is to long also the cartoon graphics make the water look dumb . So you have to look at bad water for the whole game . Also the game is to short
 Alright , let me start off by saying that I absolutely loved Ocarina of Time . It was one of the best games I have ever played . But what happened here ? Its like a wan na be paper Mario , or something . The new graphics all the magazines claim are `` revalutionary '' are really really sad . The puzzles and stuff in Wind Waker borrow too much from OOT . They basically took the old ones and stuck them here in the hopes that noone would notice they are the same . The fighting is all right , but it was n't as satisfying as previous titles.Overall , its not that bad of a game . Its zelda , so its got to have some value . However , it just was n't the old run around with Link and kick butt feeling . It was more of a ride a boat with a geek and hit people with a stick feeling . Rent it , do n't buy it . That 's my final advice .
 this is a must own for all zelda fanaticks.it is n instant classic.but hold up , no game is flawless . lets face it the sailing ... . they could have made the sailing alot more fun and not so long but no it just could not be that easy . any of you people who like to see a boat going over water for fifteen minutes , this is a MUST own . for all other normal people this is a must rent good buy .
 This game is the worst . It is horrible sailing from place to place for the first half of the game . It is way too comic bookey . It does n't hold a candle to oncrina of time .
 I wanted to like The Wind Waker . It has everything that a Legend of Zelda game should have ; great puzzles , fun combat , good characters ; but I do n't , and not for the reason that most would give . The cel-shading was a novel idea . It 's the stupid island hopping that turns me off to this game . The Legend of Zelda is supposed to take place in Hyrule , or , as in the case of Link 's Awakening , on AN island , not some `` Great Sea '' covering an old Hyrule . If everything else had been the same , the cel-shading , the characters , weapons and puzzles and had set it in one place without having to hop islands , I would have loved it as much as the other games . The island hopping ruined it for me .
 Zelda games arent as good as they used to be . This game dosent seem to look that good really . I think this should be the last Zelda game .
 I hate this game . It looks like a cartoon and is just stupid . And for the ones who like this game I have played it . The Ocarina of Time and Majora 's Mask were the best games that Nintendo will ever make . I am now not a Nintendo player . You really should n't buy this game . There may be more people who like it but this is definitly where the Zelda series went wrong.Don ' t listen to those people who write good reviews , they are wrong . You will be disapointed .
 This game is lousy ! the gariphics are very fake and boring ! it is n't as good as the legend of zelda
 This essentialy is a title for the under-8 crowd . Even though it is touted `` for everyone '' , it has a baby feel , baby characters , baby dialogue and cut scenes which take up half the playtime . By the end of the first stage , I was bored out of my mind and puking all over the place from the excessive cuteness and having read through countless lines of a kindergarten level babble -LRB- yes , you have to read through them , they did n't even bother to act it out -RRB- .
 Where do I begin with this game . Nintendo I stongly urge you to bring back the old feel of wow , this game is amazing I want more . This game severly lacks any of the magic previous installments had such as , of course OoT . You might find this game challenging if you are a 5 year-old . There are so many hints and `` useful items '' that this game quikly gets boring . I do n't understand what the people over at Nintendo were thinking when they made the whole concept of moving around by sea . No doubt this is an origianl concept but also a highly annoying one . If people tell you 30 hours of game play it means 20 minus the water travel . And by the time you are done you will know it like the back of your hand because you have to backtrack so much . I know it 's pointless debating it any longer but the graphics frankly -LSB- are not good -RSB- . I am a die-hard Zelda fanatic and no matter how you look at it the graphics annoy you . You 'll find yourself thinking back to the glory days of OoT when everything looked right . The ending -LSB- makes -RSB- for all in all the worst Zelda game to date.The only reason I gave this game 2 instead of 1 star is because well , it 's Zelda .
 I played Ocarina of Time quite a while after it first came out , and it was the funnest , and most challenging , game I had ever played . So when I heard of Zelda
 This is the worst zelda game of all time for all nintendo systems . It just does n't have the charm of the other zelda games . It gets really old and tedious spending all that time sailing across an ocean . Somehow sailing across an ocean and Link just do n't match up . It does n't stand the test of time like the other zelda 's . I played through all zelda games all the way through . Here 's my favorite zelda games in order ... 1 . Link To The Past - snes2 . Ocarina of Time - N643 . Legend of Zelda - nintendo4 . Majora 's Mask - N645 . Legend of Zelda 2 - nintendo6 . Windwaker - gamecubeSorry folks nintendo got it wrong with windwaker . Hopefully they 'll redeem the magic of zelda with twilight princess .
 There was a lot of anticipation for this game in my house . Having the two `` 64 '' versions made it so.I could not have been more disappointed . I was aware of the change in character look but nothing was even remotely as challenging as the `` 64 '' versions.The `` hints '' booklet left a lot to be desired in terms of actual information , so it DID take longer to do some things . The fact that you must constantly be going from one place in the sea to another for one little thing is a bit annoying . It truly gets you nothing.I was hoping this game would redeem Nintendo for not being very forthcoming with games ... NOT !
 Before you skip this review just because `` I do n't like the graphics '' , let me tell you my smallest gripe with the Legend of Zelda
 Reading some of the reviews posted before , I got the feeling a number of these reviewers did n't actually finish the game . I agree with them completely about the first half of it , it 's fun , it 's pretty . The graphics , control system , and gameplay are all very good . And for the beginning , the story is excellent.Where I disagree is in the rest of it . The second half of the game involves amazing amounts of guesswork , and very little encouragement , making the game lose most all of it 's wonderful momentum . I started out overjoyed and having fun , then it all drained away.Every time I started really enjoying myself - in a fight , a jumping puzzle , a dungeon crawl , I ran into something that just got in the way of it . Most often , it would be something that was tricky to figure out , and then you get that proud feeling when you do , but then doing what you figured out proved tedious and aggravating . I was ok with the sailing , I liked the graphics , I liked the story , and I liked the controls ; but this game was designed in large part by a sadist . I 've heard reviewers say it was easy , a lot of it is , but the parts that are n't are not difficult because the puzzles are complicated , they 're just designed to be just hard enough that knowing what you have to do was less than half the battle.I 've played every Zelda game made , they 've all had nasty tricky puzzles , but this is the first one where the puzzles are harder to complete than to figure out . Last time I checked , the point of a puzzle was solving it , not writing down the solution.The story is all right , most notably because it is different from every other Zelda game made before . The unique flavor adds a lot to it , but the story remains pretty sparse considering the amount of leg-work between plot moments.I have to say , having played through the entire game and gotten through every side quest , that it 's good aspects are seriously hurt by it 's overly irritating nature . -LRB- Plus , one of the characters you have to rely on very heavily not only empties your purse , but is just damned obnoxious , good old pal Tingle ! -RRB-
 Let me just say that there are several problems with this game . First off the graphics sure the cel shading is nice but the character design just doesnt impress me , they look like little cabbage patch dolls or something of that nature . The enviroments themselves are great -LRB- except for the water which should have been realistic and transperant the same as mario sunshine , instead they opted for solid blue water which just is n't very pretty to look at -RRB- . The story is n't very interesting either neither are much of the things you encounter in this game . I would reccomend Zelda ocarina of time for N64 over this game any day and I encourage you not to buy this game . Why give nintendo money when they 're just gon na bring out more crap like this . Give your money to microsoft or sony instead , you 'll be happy you did . Another complaint is when your sailing around in this game , unless you keep an eye on your compass at all times , you tend to drift in different directions adding to the confusion the blue water makes every direction look the same . Trying to sail around and collect items is frustrating . They better fix all these mistakes before the next zelda game is released and it appears they will the new game will feature non-cel shaded graphics -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- and a world that is much more similiar to that of the one found in ocarina of time . My suggestion , wait for the new zelda this fall and do n't spend your money on this .
 This game was great ... until halfway through . Then they send you on a `` quest '' to recover the triforce shards . How lame . They expect you to visit every corner of the world , get a LOT of maps , and collect an insane amount of rupees to pay for those maps.I believe Nintendo just got lazy , forcing players to do this mind-numbing busywork to occupy 1/4 of the gameplay time to make the game seem longer.A few of my friends have not completed this game as well for this very reason . It 's disappointing. : -LRB-
 The product was no good , the game had multiple scratches and did not work in three different game systems . My 12 year old was very disapointed . We will never shop Amazon again
 I Was Very Unhappy With This New Realease . The Cel Just isnt for me
 I borrowed this game to try it out . I had never played a Zelda game before and had heard that they were really good . But after I played it awhile , I found myself incredibly bored . I got extremely tired of sitting there waiting for the characters to stop talking already ! And although Link -LRB- the main character -RRB- has a sword , he rarely uses it . Then he looses it later in the game and has to run around cluelessly trying to find it again . Talk about barely any action . After that he gets a talking boat and a goofy wand that , apparently , lets him controll the wind . What 's with that ? I do n't call this a `` puzzle '' game . I call it a BORING game . I suggest you buy a Mario game , which cleverly combines puzzle with action .
 Worst zelda game ever -LRB- apart from the CDI games -RRB- ! Its sssssooooo kiddie and childish , and it embarrases me to play it because it makes me feel like im 5 ! The new graphics are very boring and bland . If you want a proper Zelda game , GET TWILIGHT PRINCESS !!!!! That game is so much better than **** like this !
 I had heard great things about this game ! BUT ... when I got it ? I hated this game ! All you do is walk around doing stupid things.You dont even jump.I am just glad I only rented it ...
 Let 's see ; bad graphics
 Before I begin , just know that I 'm not ripping on this game because of stereotypes-not just because the graphics are too childish , not just because the game was too easy , etc. , etc. , etc. . You 'll find there 's a reason behind my raves and rants , and if you 'll just sit tight , that 'd be great.The game itself seems loosely based on Ocarina of Time , and in some ways more than others is the game 's sequel . To most , this would sound great , except for one small problem : The Wind Waker has no Zelda atmosphere.I preordered the game last year , took it home and played-and I assure you I spent hours doing so . But in time , I found The Wind Waker growing stale . In a series that is usually thought-provoking and creative , this Zelda is , for the most part , a contradiction of those two terms . You see , Zelda has always been about complexity , and as I understand Nintendo 's intentions of targeting a younger audience , it just ... does n't fit . The puzzles are very simplistic when they should not be . The two main gameplay elements in Zelda have always been combat and problem solving . Combat in itself was very well done , so there 's a star . But unfortunately , the difficulty hinders what could have made it much better . Also , there are very few dungeons . And perhaps the saddest part of the game is that most of its secrets are nothing more than undersea rupees.What 's more is the dark atmosphere from previous games is gone and what 's left is a bright , happy , colorful and downright silly world to interact with . In other games , this would be just fine , but Zelda has , and to me , always should be a story of mixed emotions . There were times in every game where the mood was dark , or angry , sorrowful or ethereal , and The Wind Waker is happy-happy all the way through and even in some cases when it 's supposed to be serious . Plus the storyline , usually another gem in the series was entirely predictable , with Tetra being an incarnate of Zelda and Link being an incarnate of another Link . It 's just stupid , and `` predictable '' deserves a thousand times emphasis . BUT , the game does deserve a star for managing a more fluent script , and for allowing the game to be continued with slight alterations.So basically , I found it a game that gets very old , very fast . Where my satisfaction comes from is the fact that there is no sequel to this game , just a new , realistic Zelda that 'll be released next year . I 'm very much counting on that piece to be the next Ocarina of Time-Nintendo needs this or they 're screwed . Lately , Nintendo has been throwing its fans a bunch of gimmick crap just for the bucks , and in some cases , originality is not always the answer . However , for The Wind Waker , originality is highly needed .
 If you are a fan of Ocarina or Mask , this game will be a let down . It might be great for a 6 year old , but for a die-hard Zelda player it was childish . I beat every boss on the first try . The new graphic style does n't have the fullness of the previous two games.I 'm sad to say I bought my GameCube strictly so that I could play Zelda . After playing Wind `` Sleeper '' I wish I could return them both .
 A long time ago when Zelda first came out , it was a lot fun . The graphics were really cheesy but still a good time . Now , the graphics are still cheesy but the game is terrible . There 's nothing worse for a game when you ca n't speed up the conversation ; and there 's a lot of it in this game . It is one of the most frustrating games I 've ever played . I think this is one game you should rent first before buying , because it really is frustrating .
 Unlike a lot of people , the new look of Link in Wind Waker did n't really bother me . Actually , I thought it was a rather cute idea . The real problem of this game is the fact that Link does n't stay on solid ground!There 's too much sailing that goes on in the game , and it gets old fast . It takes forever and is just all around tedious . Also , I found the frustration level for this game to be quite high . It 's to be expected that you 'd have to repeat certain spots of the gameplay in order to get it right and move on . However , there were certain parts where Link had to be angled * just * right . Which sometimes took an hour to accomplish ; that is if I did n't just throw the controller at the screen first.I just gave up and stopped playing it because my anger level was just getting too high . No game is worth that kind of frustration .
 As someone who spent weeks lost in the world of `` Ocarina of Time , '' I was really looking forward to this game . The graphics are not my big concern with `` The Wind Waker . '' What I hate about this game is that it plays like a Disney movie , with characters constantly talking to Link and spoonfeeding him directions and background information , just screens and screens of it . I really missed the `` Ocarina of Time '' for its sense of adventure and darkness and challenge . In `` The Wind Waker , '' people hand Link objects that he 'd normally have to clear entire dungeons to get . This game reminds me more of the Mario Brothers series , with generic names for lands like `` Forbidden Fortress . '' It just seems so creatively lazy after the fresh genius of `` Ocarina of Time , '' with its mysteries and riddles . Sure , I got frustrated by how difficult `` Majora 's Mask '' was , but I feel like this new version has really dumbed down Zelda for a much younger audience . I spent a ton of time backtracking over terrain I 'd been on a number of times and the payoff just was n't worth it . `` Super Mario Sunshine '' has more interesting elements than this game and is a much closer relative than `` Ocarina of Time . '' New Zelda players may really get into this , but I think many folks who 've played Zelda for a while will be bummed out by the lack of danger and creativity here .
 The problem is in Earth Temple , If you save and quit , then start at the file you were at Earth Temple at , then YOUR DOOMED !!!!! There is no way to go in the first door !!!!!! So if you want that game SOOOO badly , then get Gameshark for GC , otherwise , avoid !
 When Ocarina of Time for N64 came out , people were blown away.So naturally , when gamecube was released , people expected another great Zelda with realistic 3D graphics , and to everyone 's shock -LRB- and to some 's horror -RRB- Nintendo 's next big Zelda was announced to use cell-shading technique , which provides cartoonish graphics for video games.I too was surprised to find this change , but nonetheless bought a copy at full price because , hey , it 's Zelda . Soon my doubts cleared and I had a blast playing this masterpiece.To people that played Ocarina , this game will bring back the memories as it features many of the same sounds , music , and controls that were used in the N64 version . And although the cell-shaded graphics was n't what people expected , it fits perfectly well into the atmosphere of the game , and once you get used to it you 'll love it so much.When Wind Waker first came out , there were some critics that called this game childish and said it was a bad installment for the whole franchise . But time proved them wrong . The only childish thing about this game , if at all , is the difficulty which has been tuned down a lot compared to the N64 Zelda . Wind Waker is such a good game that it has even become my new favorite Zelda of all time , and that 's saying a lot since most of the Zelda games are of grade A + + . However , everything will soon change , at least I hope . The now-being-developed game of Twilight Princess has apparently made quite an impact on people that played it in E3 , and now even the Cell-Shading hater ca n't say nothing to Zelda because it is gon na be as real as anything , like the code name for the project indicates , REAL ZELDA . Yes Link 's body is gon na be proportional again in the next installment , yay ?! Nintendo is really taking their time on Twilight Princess -LRB- years !! It was supposed to come out in 2005 but they decided to postpone it to make it even greater ???? -RRB- so it will undoubtfully be another masterpiece . If it 's as good as Wind Waker you know I 'll buy it . But I have a feeling that I will again be surprised = -RSB- Phhhh I try to keep my expectations at sane level but it 's getting harder
 What happened to Zelda ? Where did it go ? What am I babbling about ? Well , I 'd love to explain to you all the problems I had with this game , but unfortunately , I can only use a certain number of words for this review , so I 'll cover all the main problems I had with it.First and most important is the ending . The ending was depressing for anyone who 's ever played a Zelda title . Changing the ending alone would have been enough to make the game about 5 times better . I wo n't tell you what it was , only that it was TERRIBLE.Secondly , the Gameplay barely existed . I found that half the game was spent doing NOTHING . I just set up my sail and waited for five minutes while the game propelled me to my next destination . The other half of the game was spent fighting battles and solving puzzles that were so easy , no five-year-old would fail at them.Storyline-wise , this game is a flop . It contains only one realistically-behaving character ; Ganon . The rest of the characters are the product of plot holes , and are moved along BY the story , not the other way around . Big problem in any game these days.The graphics annoyed me , but only because the character models were very ugly . And as for the music , it just seemed incongrous very often.Plus , none of the characters talk ! On the GCN ! That 's laziness to the umteenth power from a game-design perspective.Still , although I thought this game was a piece of garbage , there are those who found it fun , so I would be being unfair to say it is IMPOSSIBLE to like this game , despite all the huge , gaping flaws and mindless tedium it showcases . To make everyone happy , I reccomend that you rent this game once to see whether or not you 'll like it . Do n't make the mistake of buying it right off the bat like I did .
 I have played every Zelda game ever , and let me tell you , it ` sthe worst game . The game is -LSB- way -RSB- to easy ! Andit ` s a cartoon type game . Why could n`t the game be better?I love Zelda games , and like I said I ` ve played , owned , andbeat every one , and I dont lie when I say every one !!!! I wish a little more effert was in the game . ?!?!?!?!
 Like many people , I was skeptical about the new graphics . But when i bought the game , i went into it with an open mind . everyone said `` give the gameplay a chance to speak for the game ! '' and i did . the gameplay is as bad as the graphics.starting with the basics . . graphics were bland , the characters and backgrounds had no texture or detail , everything was flat , and smooth.the sound effects were good , but the music was not exactly involving.the real downfall of this game is the gameplay .90 % of the enemies you encounter on this game can be defeated by pushing the attack button over and over again , you could literally do it blindfolded . some of them took strategy , but not enough of them . the game was too easy . i beat the last boss on my very first try , and i dont claim to be an especially skilled gamer.the thing i hate most about this game is the amount of time you spend doing NOTHING . the game is set on many tiny islands over a wide ocean . in order to get from island to island , you must sail there on a boat . every time you want to change directions more than 45 degrees , you have to pull out your magic conductor 's baton and play a little song ... this is too repetitive . and any time you want to go from island to island , be ready to spend from 5-15 minutes just watching your boat moving through the water , i fell asleep many times waiting for the next island to show up on the horizon!this part may just be me , but i found the graphics actually irritated my eyes after a few hours , which i havent experienced with other games.i played this entire game with an open mind , hoping for things to improve as i progressed , but at the end i regretted spending the money , and my time on it . after beating it , i never wanted to play this game again . considering i beat it in 3 or 4 days , this game is definitely safe as a rental only . you may want to rent it just to see how badly wrong a good idea can go ...
 Was very disappointed IT DID N'T WORK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Grandson was upset because he saved up his money to buy the game and then it did n't work !!!!!!! C. Fox
 Before you skip this review just because `` I do n't like the graphics '' , let me tell you my smallest gripe with the Legend of Zelda
 This is actually , surprisingly , one of the worst games to come off the Nintendo production line for quite some time.Yes , the magazines love it , and loads of gamers love it , but this is only because of a -RRB- the hype and b -RRB- it 's Zelda.Borrowing VERY heavily from Zelda : OOT , it comes off as it 's retarded little brother , and though I have nothing against the graphics , I ca n't help but think how much better this would be with a revised storyline , more inventive and origional dungeons and bosses , and would be more appealing to the wider gaming world with more realistic graphics .
 Many writers seem to think that a reviewer 's dislike of this game is based solely on the graphics , but this is only one of the many reasons I was so disappointed in Wind Waker . The entire mood of the game has gone from fantasy good-vs-evil to Saturday morning cartoon . In the previous games you are battling genuinely scary creatures -LRB- hair standing up on the back of my neck the first time I encountered the re-deads for example -RRB- and having to actually use a little brainpower to make your way through many places , instead of now having the whole process spelled out for you . We now battle cutesy enemies that vanish in a puff of Disney-esque smoke , play hide-and-seek with annoying kids , and collect butterfly necklaces . There 's just no comparison . This game would be perfect for the gradeschool set who maybe have n't played the previous ones , but in the long run , I 'll stick to the older games and hope there 's more -LRB- better -RRB- Zelda planned for the future .
 i have no argument about the gameplay fo this game . BUT , i do think that the graphics SUCK and shoulndt of been used . thats exactly why i didnt get this game . i think in order to have a good game you need to have good graphics and gameplay .
 I HATE this game ! I loved Ocarina of Time , but this is garbage . It 's ; A
 I do n't know about you guys but what made me love the Ocarina of Time was the intricate characters and the very well developed story , the music and graphics were a plus . But in Wind Waker the story is awful !!!!! -LRB- i ca n't emphasize that enough -RRB- the characters are childish and the graphics , oh my god !!! i felt like i was playing rugrats ... Comparing the Link i see in Smash bros and the one in Wind waker it pains me , i do n't know what Nintendo was thinking but i pray they wo n't make the same mistake in the next one .
 Ugh , that is the most dumbest game ! I loved Zelda
 I 'm sad to say I bought the game . Do n't get me wrong I love the Zelda series . Ocarina of Time was wonderful , but this ? Dear lord it was horrible . You spend ten minutes going to each island . Then you continually have to back track to get different quest items . The final boss was n't the hardest thing to beat . I 'd stick with the classics .
 This is the only Zelda game I DID N'T like . It 's too cutesy and too easy . It 's a little kid game and as such I 'm not surprised it did n't spend much time on the gaming charts . I was so disappointed after Ocarina of Time and Majora 's Mask came out , after at least three years of waiting , and the graphics and gameplay were so cool . Then Nintendo releases this 2 minutes after GameCube was developed , and we get a cruddy game with a 3-year-old additude . Sorry Nintendo , but most gamers are in their teens and above . The developers said they did n't go with more realistic graphics because it `` would 've taken too long . '' I suppose with Nintendo 's failure with the GameCube they were just eager to get the stuff out so they could start work on the next console . Anyway , I hope they know now that you can spend 5 years making a game , then we 'll know it 's good and we 'll buy it , play it , and enjoy it , but if you cut corners just to save some time , then you might receive a flicker of sales before everyone gets disgusted .
 If you 're very familiar with the first zelda , with the old school N.E.S. sytems , Im sure you were impressed with the gameplay even though you had to figure out what to do and where to go out on your own . But that was the basis for pure simple RPG style that was fun ! Sure the graphics are nothing compared to this sorry excuse for what came out in 2003 , But GAME INVOLVEMENT is the ticket people !! it is the unknown lurking in a cave or dungeon or room . And that 's what the very first zelda had . GAME INVOLVEMENT ! same goes for OCARINA of TIME , which I thought and still IS the best zelda game for nintendo . This latest installment never should have left or even concieved in the game studios ... what we have here is nothing more than a `` hold you by the hand '' cartoon . `` please tell me what to do next '' How sad by engineers logic that mature gamers lack the intelligence on how to navigate through this game without having `` reminders '' or `` helpful tools '' to give us an easier gameing experience . MATURE GAMERS are not between six and nine years old , and I 'm sure even little ones whom played ocarina of time will be dissappointed . Lets all repeat ... WE WANT GAMES !! NOT CARTOONS !!
 I 'm sure some of you are already scanning my review to see me complain about the graphics but the truth is I could care less what the graphics look like . I just want a game that 's a lot of fun to play and this one is n't at all.This game can be divided into about three fractions -LRB- give or take -RRB- . 1/3 of this game has you reading text , another 1/3 has you sailing on a ship , the other 1/3 has you actually playing the game . I must say that I have never been more bored in my life playing a video game . I do not care about the story . If I did I would buy a book , not a video game . I also do n't care about sailing for 10 min at a time . When you sail you do absolutely nothing . I walked in on a friend playing this game once and he had his controller on the ground while he was just watching the ship sail . I guess that 's what it takes to get a 5 star rating these days.Now lets talk about the parts where you actually get to play the game . Sadly these parts are n't much fun either . It 's basically the same game as OoT except MUCH easier . When I have to fight an enemy I usually give him a chance and just sorta wonder around him hoping he will attack me and give me some sort of challenge but no , he just sorta wonders around and aimlessly attacks me . I think the NES Zelda had a smarter AI.Please do yourself a favor and stay away from this travesty of a `` video game '' and I use the term `` video game '' very loosely . It 's one of the worst games I 've played in my life and I 've played ET for Atari . At least that game will let you move around and give you a good laugh .
 all i hab to say is `` ZELDA ... ! '' . . I hate it ! it gets boring and is quite long ! all the zelda 's r the same cept for different bosses/places ... big whooP !
 What were they thinking when making this game really ? It does not even look like Young Links . They made it all rounded . To me it looks really bad and it hurts me to see what they did to it . I am a long time fan from when Link was in regular nintendo . When I first saw this game I was in shock . But being a long time fan I gave it a shot . When I did , I did not even like the way it played . I am glad some people like it so they make at least some money off of it , in hopes of making more Link 's games.But to me the only thing I liked what the game I got with it . It was The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time and I highly enjoyed it . If you get any thing soon get The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time I am shure you 'll love it .
 I got A Link To The Past and loved it but this game is just repetitivie and annoying.Most of the time youre in a sailboat and other times youre playing in dungeons.It is so unoriginal it misses everything that made A Link To The Past and Ocarina Of Time so great.Do not buy this game !
 I 'm one of the biggest fans of Ocarina of Time on the planet Earth . I loved EVERYTHING about Ocarina , and it 's followup , Majora 's Mask . So obviously , I was highly anticipating The Wind Waker , the third Zelda game to go 3-D . It starts off decent enough , and the first three dungeons are pretty satisfying , and the cel-shaded graphics are extremely well done , even if you prefer realistic presentations . Technically , they 're brilliant.After the first three dungeons , however , it becomes evident that the game was rushed . The next two go from decent to horrible -LRB- not to mention that I did n't die ONCE in the whole game , it 's that easy -RRB- , and after that you 're sent on a fetch-quest all over the oceanic world , which by the way is FAR too large for its own good.Keep in mind that as a game , it 's not terrible . But as a successor to Ocarina of Time , it just does n't hold up for me . The dungeons are n't anywhere near as good , the overworld is too large , the game is too humorous for something like this , and there is no real sense of accomplishment
 First of all , I 'm not under 13 , I just do n't have a password . second of all , i got this game after hearing some good reviews . I had never played a zelda game until i got this one . i actually thought that this game was pretty good . The graphics are ok , the gamepaly is great , and the levels are fantastic . there is only one problem with the game . in order to extend the length of the game , nintendo put in alot of filler material . There is so much filler material in the game that it ruins what could have been the best game in existence . The worst part is that the rest of the game is great , and the filler ruins it . if there was anyway to get around the filler , then i would not have given the game this low score , but unfortunatly there is n't . i just hope that nintendo , fixes this when they make the next zelda game . Note
 Zelda ww is so boring i hate it . The graphics even my little kids didnt like em theyre for youngsters .
 For anyone who didnt go to E3 This year well I have big news!THERE WILL BE A BRAND NEW ZELDA GAME -LRB- STill in the works -RRB- Comming soon ! I witnessed it and was just plain SHOCKED ! 1 . This was no Wind waker 2 I can tell you this2 . The graphics looked unbelievable ! 3 . This will be an entirley different zelda game and will not have anything to do with Wind Waker 2 . I dont even think there will be a WW2!I cant even describe How incredible this game looks , this game was only a minute and 7 seconds !!!! The game has ubelievable graphics.Its Soul calibur 2 but with steriods ! What most people referd to ww was UNREALISTIC . WELL GUESS WHAT ... THIS IS !! Dont believe me ?? Go To IGN.com And you can download what is sure to be THE BEST ZELDA GAME EVER AND BEST GCN GAME EVER!Dont take my word for it?DL the trailer!This game will flat out Kick assBad news though ... Well lets just say I wish middle 2005 was here right now ... SighI am a huge Loz fan I really have to say this game will make Oot look like a pansie game youde see idiots play . THIS IS JUST FLAT OUT AWSOME ... I AM STill shocked even after May 14th ... Go watch the trailer now !!!
 Zelda is the most over rated game series ever made . And Wind Waker is the worst Zelda game made . First of all i will just start talking about how bad the graphics are . What we are looking at here are 2D Pixel Shaded Graphics . I can possibly understand these graphics for a racing game , or possibly a fighting game . BUT NOT AN ADVENTURE GAME . Yes Ocarina of time was OK , but not good enough to save this series . Wind Waker completly destroyed it . Link looks and talks like a complete loser . But you may say graphics arent everything . I can agree with that SOMETIMES , but when they are as horrific as these , i cant even play the game . Now the story and gameplay . Can u hit Z and press the A button multiple times ? Well then you can beat Zelda Wind Waker . The game is meant for kids , no doubt about that . There is a talking Ship FFS . What is going on here nintendo ?!?! I think you get my point on why windwaker sucks . The main things are that the graphics suck , and the game is easy , boring , and just plain stupid .
 This game is by far the worset zelda game , it should not even be called zelda . First off this is not a game , its a interactive storybook . The whole game you are led around , the game tells you what to do at almost every turn , there is zero free will , hardly any if any figureing things out , none of thatthe game is made so that a child will not be turned off because he/she cant figure out where to goPrime example
 this game totally blows . You start out on an island and it 's your BIRTHDAY ! that my friend , is the most lame beginning in the history of mankind . Your sister gets kidnapped and very scared by a bird . Lem me repeat that . a bird . A freggin bird that was on like steroids or somdin because that is one fat bird . well the game goes on ... . and on ... . until your fed up and u wan na see the end . and POOF ! Your in the end ... or so you thought you actully get to start over . oh noo this time it 's special . this time you get to have tadahhh INVISIBLE CLOTHS oh yes this is gon na put my eyes on the screen . I just do n't get it . This is NOTHING like the lovely other zelda 's with a story that makes sense , graphics that do n't make me throw up every time I see something `` evil '' , or link with an ocorina , not some lame baton that changes the wind . Whoever thought this up , must be on heavy ... heavy ... drugs .
 The disc can be snapped apartIt is not educational and involves violenceIt is not fun at allIt is the dumbest game I ever played since Halo 2 !
 They managed to absoutley ruin a game . This game is so terrible because of its graphics . Thats not the only thing either . The gameplay stinks too . I am judging this game after playing it and wow it makes you think how people can make such bad games . Link looks like a pre-schooler who found a sword and decided to journey . Im confused why games like these are made .
 when i put this game in it had no graphics i hated it i was going to get up and run away but i did not
 It 's not a bad game , but the graphics are really disappointing . It feels too much like a cartoon . It 's fun , but not as engrossing as previous offerings . I enjoyed the musis as always with Zelda games and the gameplay is essentially the same as N64 Zelda games , so that 's cool . The cel shading is great , but I know it 's capable of so much more .
 i am pimp daddy king of all that 's good and nasty!this game sucked i barely see the point of this game . o u rescue your sister whoop de freaken do . i would ` nt rescue my own sister -LSB- i 'm just kidding about that i think -RSB- the graphics are awful like construction paper . DO NOT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TRY THIS GAME .
 Do you remember how awesome the Ocraina of Time was ? If you were hoping this game would be another great continuation of this story , you will probably be very disapointed . Instead of the great elf-like Link in the Ocraina of Time , his head now precicely mimics the demensions of a balloon . And while they claim that Link is 12 years old in this game , he looks more like 6 . I do n't think that The Legend of Zelda was ever supposed to look `` goofy '' like this . Even though the gameplay is similar to Ocraina of Time , the look of the game makes it just not fun . I DONT recomend it .
 i have played the demo of this game at EB and wow what a shocker . this is one of the worst games i have ever played i would have to say . first of all cel-shading doesnt go with zelda . second of all everybody wants it because of gameplay when the gameplay makes a stench like no other . it could have been backed up by good solid graphics but they are nowhere to be found . my advice is play this game before buying . it is not a game for everyone or for all of the past zelda game players .
 I Want to no what where they think when they came up with the graphics for this game , I love Zelda games , any games with Zelda characters like the Super Smash Games , but what is with the baby face graphics . I am really thinking about not buying this game over the graphics . Why couldnt they just go back to the ones they used on N64 if the couldnt make them better . I also heard from another gamer that they could of make the graphics better but they deicide to use these . I dont care what the plot is , the point is this game 's graphics are the worst .
 In this chaotic world of rogue demons and aspects where all sorts of beasts need slaying , I have to say Zelda has always held my interest.Since the original , I 've followed the entire Legend of Zelda series , sometimes buying a Nintendo simply for the hours of exploration and gameplay it offered . I saw the previews of this game as E3 and I felt nothing but disapointment . The childish , flat graphics have all but destroyed the game.The break from its elfin roots into this wierd MarioLand like interface is just hideous . For once , I think I 'm going to pass on the Legend of Zelda . Everything that Link was , seems to be missing from this game.Too bad , I was really looking forward to a new adventure in an ultra high-detailed Hyrule with a grown up link ... not another pre-school session.If you were too , do n't bother with WindWalker .
 The new Hot Rod
 You know this game is actually fun , it has some very good points . However it has way too many bugs . To make things worse when the patches come out to fix the hundreds of bugs all the playing you have done up until that point is gone since your save games will not be compatable with the patches . This is an unfinished game that has no business being sold as a complete game.I would say wait a month or two before purchasing the game . Once they get the patches out it will be a good game . Like I said I am having fun playing the beta , but it is very frustrating with the bugs and the thought that once they do fix it all my character information up to that point is gone .
 What 's wrong with this game ? 3 main things :1 -RRB- NO MAP . After battling your way to the first city and reaching level 14 because you get lost in the sewers on the way there and THERE 'S NO AUTOMAP :-P you get your first quest . But if you do n't remember it , that 's it ... there 's not a map to mark your way -LRB- despite the fact that the manual and in-game help screen says M is map -RRB- , nor can you talk to the guy again to refresh your memory , which leads me to2 -RRB- No voices . The world seems lonely without characters that speak and3 -RRB- well , this is a lost of things , really
 well i have read all the reviews posted after i bought the game sadly . i ca n't even get mine to run properly on a new computer . since i does n't even start up i guess i 'll never tell ya 'll that this game sucks
 I downloaded the demo twice from two different sites and the game screen would not even load . So , I have no idea what the game is like . But hey , it 's pretty pathetic when you ca n't even get a game company 's demo to work and it 's NOT my system because I am running a top of the line Dell ; the fault falls on D.W.Bradley , Heuristic Park Inc , Dreamcatcher ; all of them.A friend of mine bought the game for his new Dell system and could n't get it to work either . Half the features do n't even work ! That 's just sick . Pure garbage.So , this is what I think ... 1 . Every single person that purchased this piece of trash should have their money refunded .2 . D.W. Bradley and everyone else that played a part in the creation and distribution should be sued . -LRB- The last time I checked , there WAS and IS a law against false advertising -RRB- .3 . Every last copy in existence should be burned.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 This game disgusts me to the point where I do n't even want to write a review . Call it laziness but look at other negative reviews and my points would be about the same . This game is a complete waste of money and I 'm seriously considering lobbying for a class-action lawsuit against the publishers
 I just wanted to say that I nearly bought this game , but thanksto a lady I talked to at EB Games and the reviews by all you folks , I have saved my money . Many thanks for taking the time to submit a review ... . Charlie Spivey Richmond VA. .
 this one will go on the trash heap ! to horrible to describe ! come out with a second version quick . one with a map . this game is no fun at all .
 Note
 This is a game I eagerly anticipated and truly wanted to love . But they released it at least six months before they finished it , and I think it is truly insulting . Maybe Dreamcatcher is having cash flow problems , and they decided to sacrifice the sales of this game to stay afloat , but that 's pure speculation . But the bottom line is that the game is unplayable in it 's current state , and it 's a long way from being playable.You start the game up and go into the character screen . There are the usual tabs to change character appearance , but when you click on them , nothing happens . Why ? Because they were n't done . They quickly released a `` patch '' , and the patch removed these options altogether!Press `` M '' to show the map -LRB- automap or minimap -RRB- . Nothing happens . Why ? They removed it from the game -LRB- but not from the key mapping screen -RRB- . And they had the gall to out and out lie to everyone and say they never were going to include a minimap because it was `` more fun without one '' . But if they had planned to NOT have a minimap , then why can you map a key for the function?These are two of the most glaring examples . But it does n't stop here . The world is very sparsely populated , there are almost no side quests , promotion quests work regardless of whether you are actually eligible for the promotion , advancements and `` heralds '' seem to have no effect , and magic is very nearly useless.The experience and advancement system is well thought out , and would be a very fun system to use for a character , but you 'll never get far enough in the game to see any results.The combat system was nearly impossible for me to use . You have to circle and click repeatedly , there 's absolutely no strategy involved unless you 're extremely adept with a mouse and keyboard . The game also spawns monsters at an extreme rate , so there 's lots of combat . But it quickly gets frustrating instead of fun.I tried to play this game and got through about ten hours . I had finally got most of the first area cleared out , but you have to backtrack through to get out of the area . There are n't any places to rest in this level , so you ca n't recharge magic at all - no magic help . Anyway , I started to work back through and just kept getting hit with dozens of monsters continually , more than when I worked through it going the other way . And I was n't getting any better as I pumped points into combat skills . Finally about two dozen low level rats overran my character and I gave up.I know this is a little rambling and unfocused . I do n't normally try to write reviews , but in this case I just had to warn you about this game . Do n't waste your money . Wait for six months and see if they fix it , but do n't hold your breath . Dreamcatcher should be extremely ashamed at having released this game as it is .
 Whenever you buy software , there is an expectation of a certain number of bugs , and we 've all gotten used to that . Dungeon Lords does n't have a huge number of bugs , but it does have a TON of unfinished features . There is no automap , despite it being in the free download demo and in the manual . Graphics often look as if it was an early development version - ie , charaters face the wrong way in a fight , get stuck halfway up walls , appear to float in the air , etc. . The AI is mind-numbingly weak . The easiest way to kill a tough boss monster is to walk around a tree - half the time the big monsters ca n't figure out how to get on the other side of a tree , and are thus easy pickings for with a bow . I do n't think I 've seen this sort of nonsense in a game in five years or more.It 's fairly easy to get in a situation where you complete a step of a quest but the game does n't realize it . The game balance is WAY off - it 's essentially impossible to have a magic user sort of character that can actually use magic as his primary attack mode . It 's almost traditional in this style of game that you make the majority of your cash by selling weapons and armor you pilfer off dead bodies , but the game prevents you from having more than one of any weapon or armor - thus , all those swords you picked up off of the thousand or so goblins you just killed can never be traded in for something you need.The game has a `` random encounter '' engine , which is fine , but it does n't EVER stop . You may be in a big battle with an end of quest boss , and the game keeps spitting irrelevant little bands of goblins or spiders or something at you . It even does this inside of walled , fortified towns !! There is literally NO safe place to stand.Oh , and my favorite way to kill a goblin is to get the fighter goblins to stand between me and an archer goblin . The archer will happily nail all of his buddies in the back of the head.So , bottom line , the developer wants your money now , but they want to finish the game later -- much later . The only way we 're going to get game publishers to quit ripping us off is to quit buying their unfinished CRAP . There are developers out there that work hard to build trust with the consumer by consistently putting out quality stuff -LRB- Bioware comes to mind -RRB- . These jokers do n't deserve your money .
 First let me say that I am a professional software tester , so I know how software development works . From experience it looks like they had trouble making this game stable and/or had to cut things at the end to make it shippable -LRB- both from the push-backs and missing features that are still referenced in the game like the map -RRB- . More concern to worry , how about that the development company removed the user forum for ` maintance ' because they were getting hammered for releasing in this condition . I will not purchase another product from this company or their afflilates again and would recommend the same for other quality oriented people ...
 so bad ... where to start?Lots of buttons and keyboard commands that do n't actually do anything . NO AUTOMAP FUNCTION EVEN THOUGH THERE IS A KEY . The one positive review mentions a `` poster size map '' - try a pithy glossy foldout roughly the size of an opened magzine . Does it help at all in the game ? no - the map merely marks squigly borders to the interlocking corridors of wilderness.Combat ? horrible . click till your finger is sore or your voice is hoarse . If you like being mobbed by 12 rabid rats repeatedly every 2 minutes you will like it . Using the bow , you ca n't actually aim your shots - even though the options menu has a setting for crosshairs , they do not appear in the game.I spent 40 dollars on this and tried really hard to enjoy it . It left me utterly disappointed . I want my 40 dollars back along with the 15 odd hours I wasted trying to enjoy this piece of rabbit droppings . Do yourself a favor and avoid this stinker even when it is in the $ 5 bin in 6 months .
 I do n't understand the positive reviews ? ... I backup all the negative points already stated ... the only only game that comes to mind as being this buggy was Sacred -LRB- ... but it 's fixed with the latest patch -RRB- ... to remove , instead of fix problems tells me
 Do NOT buy this game . It is buggy like you would n't believe , the patch does not address even helf the issues.From the first when you go to create your character , the appearance function keys do not work , ca n't do the hair , skin coloring , etc , the buttons are there , they just DO N'T work.So the patch takes that option out . Still talks about it over on the side though , but now there is no text on the buttons about it , just blank buttons . Lame.I spent $ 40 on this game and its sitting in a drawer now and will until they fix it , which knowing companies will be with an `` expansion '' which is REALLY a HUGE patch in disguise .
 Like most other people who bought this game , I was bamboozled by the pretty box telling me of all the wonderfull features and the list of companies endorsing this game saying things such as `` E3 Game of the Year '' . However , after paying $ 40 plus tax and bringing this turd home , I was appalled to find that everthing on the box was a FLAT OUT , BLATENT LIE ! Almost nothing in the game works the way it is supposed to , with several of the features either not working at all , or simply just not there . I myself , thought there were laws against false advertising , enstated and enforced by the Better Business Bureau , but I guess we are living in a day and age when Big Business can get away with whatever they want.I laughably read one review -LRB- I expect it must be from a kid -RRB- that said we are lucky to even see a this type of game . That just tells me how far the industry has gone downhill , or how gullable some people are , if they actually feel `` lucky '' to be getting screwed over this badly.This game is unfinshed , the people who published it are obviously more than willing to completely lie to the consumers , and if people continue to buy this kind of drivell instead of suing the A$ $ es of the companies that make them , then nothing will ever change , and everyone will have to fell `` lucky '' as they happily bend over for Big Business again and again .
 While Dungeon Lords is on shelves , it is unfinished . I do n't mean the usual unforeseen minor bugs and occasional quirks . I mean Dreamcatcher has , quite deliberately , released a game that is a minimum of 8 months of intense work away from being a viable product . Some of the features did n't work from the CD install , so Dreamcatcher REMOVED them in a patch . Other features -LRB- such as the map -RRB- are documented , but STILL not implemented.The bugs are too numerous to catalogue here , but they are game-breaking . The issues are too severe for Dreamcatcher to not have known this product is nowhere close to completion , much less ready for retail . So I must urge the reader
 Wow - spent about six hours trying to get things adjusted for myself and playing correctly . What a waste of time and money . Graphics are good , but its nearly impossible to manipulate let alone do so easily . Enormous disappointment . Even my teenage son ca n't figure this crappy game out . Too bad .
 I was appauled after playing this game to find missing features and a schwack load of other bugs/exploits/annoyances . It 's like they did n't even beta test it at all . I like running from one objective to another and getting mauled by 40 things that I can not possibly kill.This game has great potential though . But visiting their forums and seeing the support the community is getting from the developers , I would not be suprised if this game was dead in the water in a couple months .
 This game had some potential . Too bad they never even attempted to finish it . The game is n't even an acceptable beta version.All `` completion complaints '' aside , they still have a lot a work to do on the rest of the game . The way the enemies spawn is really awful . After you kill a whole set of creatures , if you stand there for any longer than a minute or so , they all respawn around you . I could understand that if you left and came back they could maybe be there again . But they respawn before you 've even gotten done looting.This game was not thought out and designed poorly . Shame on them .
 ... playing this game until the end of time could qualify.I found this game as part of an RPG 3-pack for $ 20 , and even with 2 decent games , it was n't worth it .1 -RRB- There is now a mini-map . However , it does n't tell you much of anything . You still have no idea where to go or how to get there .2 -RRB- Monster spawns are insane . I stop to breathe , and 3 monster come tearing at me . Even low-level monsters are tough to kill , meaning the quick-button for healing potions should be very easily accessible .3 -RRB- Combat control is non-existent . The manual tells you to vary your attacks -LRB- forward , side-to-side , jumping -RRB- , but the AI is quicker than you and almost no attacks actually get through .4 -RRB- Camera control is horrible . The camera is controlled by turning the mouse . However , spinning the camera while frantically left-clicking -LRB- to attack -RRB- and circling -LRB- to very attacks -RRB- means it 's very easy to lose sight of your character and the monsters .5 -RRB- Graphics are still horrible . It is n't uncommon for the PC or a monster to end up floating in mid-air .6 -RRB- Mini-games do not work . Unlocking doors and removing traps on chests requires a rather cheesy mini-game . There were several times when I succeeded in the game , but the game still reacted as if I had failed .
 I felt that this game was released as a pusposeful insult to the game consumer . I bought it , and now use the DVD as a coaster . At least I can get some value out of my purchase that way .
 I Bought this game when it first came out . I played it for about 20 hours trying to ignore the problems with it . I finally just stuck it on a shelf for 5 years waiting for them to patch it/fix it . I paid $ 40 for the game and that was a rip off.The original version of this game -LRB- V1 .0 -RRB- is basically the alpha test version . Alpha testing is in house testing prior to beta testing . This is usually used to get rid of major bugs using a small amount of -LRB- usually -RRB- employees . after you patch the game to V1 .4 You are now at the beta test level . this is a closed test by a larger amount of gamers.This game had potential . But it is missing major standard features even after patching . Such as a decent in game map you get a Minimap but nothing is marked on it , and many shops do not have signs outside the doors . Meaning you have to go up to every door to get a popup on what the door leads too . . Explainations of some spells , skills , etc. also leveling up various parts of your character does not really make a noticable change in character performance , There is much more wrong with this game . The combat system is kind of cheesy with no real contact even in melee . You can face one enemy and have another selected -LRB- purplish pink triangle above their head -RRB- and fire a bow at the selected enemy even at a 90 degree angle to that enemy . Your arrow will shoot sideways at your target . You can stand in one spot in some areas and get monster spawn after monster spawn for an endless supply of monsters . In many cases on normal and more spawn settings you have to try to move around the spawns to continue on your journey as killing them more spawn endlessly and you can spend hours just trying to move a couple of rooms . The monsters on this game are hard even on easy . Like another person said this is the only game i have seen in which the usually pathetic rats can kill the player quite easily even at level 4-5 . Some loot is auto discarded though i have never figured out why as it is always unidentified . You will spend 1-4 hours plus to get to the first set of shops . I fought the last 2 hours before the first city completely nude because of lack of armor / clothing drops . Though i had enough weapons to supply quite a large army . In order to load from a save -LRB- which is better than reviving and losing stat points , you must go back to the main menu which is a real pain . I could go on but you get the idea.If you are a novice gamer
 First , anyone who rated this game above a one is either working for the company that made it or has n't actually played the game . Do n't buy it ! It is n't even half finished . I 'm talking there are entire cities in this thing that have no people , no furniture inside the buildings , and no sounds . There are all sorts of game functions that seem to be in the game but , flat out do n't work . The early areas give you the impression that the world is vast and detailed , but you will soon find that there is no where to go.The sad thing here is that it looks like they were headed towards something really great , but they never got the chance to finish it . I 'm not kidding when I say that this product is down right criminal in terms of the misrepresentation going on . I 'm frankly shocked that Amazon is willing to even post it for sale . You have been warned.P.S . I am not a troll and I have never before posted a review like this . Do n't waste your money on this ripoff .
 This game was horrible . The game play and graphics are poor and buggy . Not worth the money !
 There are no dungeons in `` Dungeon '' LOrds . Although NPS will talk about it . They have n't been implimented in yet ! I was going to rate this 3 stars until I found out how rude customer support can be to people . Downright smart-elicky . Someone reported that when he called about the lack of appearence change in this game they just said . `` Well that 's not important to us now is it . '' That is a perfect example of the big company with a big head . The game it ` self is fun enough but you 'll be disappointed to know that you can not solve it ! The objective is missing ! Not to mention all the dungeons . What you do get is a lot of skills -LRB- which is a good thing if they work -RRB- but the do n't . It makes little difference if you have a 1 or a 5 in your large shield because it is just a number and nothing more . my fighter moves no faster with a 1 in everything -LRB- except wheapons -RRB- or a 5 . That stinks ! And so does this !
 I think the guy who created this game should get sued for this marketing because many people have been saying it 's a bad game with glitches and bugs man that is not good . I think Dungeon Lords should be taken off shelves and D. W. Bradley should get sued for this Marketing !
 After waiting patiently for this game to actually be patched and deliver what it promises , I have to say I am completely dissapointed . Dreamweaver studios has really been a let down by release a game that delivers on almost nothing it claims . The owners of this game who have basically been robbed should just be referred to as beta testers , this game should have never been released in its current state . Spend your money elsewhere .
 Sadly what could have been a terrific came was released prematurely . PC gamers review of zero stars is harsh , but if they wo n't give us a finsished game , why should they get any stars at all.Hopefully in a few patch versions they 'll get caught up , but by that time dreamcatcher , Heuristic park and Dungeon Lords will become will become a new catchphrase -LRB- and joke -RRB- for the industry trend to release games before they are done.WHY?The ability to patch a game does NOT give a manufacturer the right to sell you incomplete goods . It 's false advertising , should be illegal and shows a blatent disregard for their PAYING customers . -LRB- Previous customers -RRB- I expect a book to be finished when I buy it , I do n't expect to see a half edited film when I pay my ticket to see a movie.One other thing-to all of you who review the item with out actually playing the thing - stop . This is a forum for informed opinions about a product from people who have experience with the product . When I read about people rating a game they have n't played because the site wo n't let them express an opinion with out doing so-DON ` T.
 The game could have been great , but unfortunately , they seem to have released the Beta version . There is no automap , and you can not customize your characters as advertised . In addition , there are a lot of game-stopping bugs that people have run into . There is one patch already and another that was supposed to be out this week , but has been delayed again . If they can fix the bugs with the second patch I might give this game a higher rating , but you should avoid buying it until at least the 1.2 patch is out . And if I were you , I would check the Dreamcatcher web site and their forums to see what the patch fixes before you buy it .
 Released before finished and probably will never be finished.No Furniture in any towns -LRB- no NPC 's either -RRB- . No Caves to explore -LRB- as it says on the box -RRB- . Half the features do NOT work , but if you like being a fighter it 's kinda fun . More than half the spells are not working . Character custimization is not there even though the buttons are on the new player menu , but after many complaints , they fixed it . They removed the buttons . Enjoy mulitplayer with all the same characters?I reccomend you buy this game when it hits the DISCOUNT bins , and it will be there sooner than you think . Did I mention NO Ingame Music ? Did I mention Boss 's who say take all the goodies in my castle -LRB- but there 's nothing in the castle -RRB- ? Bottom line is the game had MUCH potential , but they went for the quick buck and are paying the price . Read the game Reviews before YOU WASTE YOUR 50.00 . As one gamer put it , this game is missing so much it belongs on the back of a Milk Carton !
 This game is absolutely horrible . No graphical character customization . No keys for turning , only strafing . Manual is extremely inadequate . Game play is awkward and clunky . Reminds me of old games for my Commodore 64 20 years ago . Designed and implemented about as well . Do n't buy it , but if you must you can have mine !!! I 'd rate it a 0 but the ratings only go as low as 1 .
 game is too buggy to play . stay away . bad purchase here
 Purchased this even with the bad reviews , thought nothing could be that bad , first mistake . Played it for 2 hours hoping it would get better second mistake.Apart from the awful combat and collision detection systems , you never know if you are actually making contact until they fall over . The loot is very repetitive and annoying to collect . Then there is the lock picking for nearly every chest most of which have nothing worth having inside.Then the skill points system that you have to keep checking to upgrade the confussing number of skills , you can distribute the points wherever you like -LRB- which does n't make any logical sense -RRB- , unlike most games where the use of a skill automatically increases your proficiency in that skill.Maybe we have been spoilt by games like Half-Life 2 , Doom 3 , Dungeon Siege and almost any other recent game -LRB- as in the last 5 years -RRB- , but after a few tries at this game I gave up in disgust , the game has no redeeming features that I could find and if I could I would ask for my money back.Final words of advice `` do n't buy it '' .
 This game blows . Seriously . I 'd expound on it more , but I have to go hit my head with a hammer , which coincidently is a lot more fun than this game .
 We bought our son the GameBoy Advance SP and this starter kit for Christmas . The starter kit is terrible . The screen covers are horribly waxy -LRB- making them useless -RRB- and were thrown out right away , the game case completely covers the left/right buttons and the charger/cable entries in the back of the game and make it very difficult to get to the side controls -LRB- volume/on & off -RRB- , the magnifiying glass is ridiculous , there is very little difference and it is very difficult to install/remove . The only items worth it in this kit are the desktop charger -LRB- not so necessary , but a nice idea -RRB- , the two game cases -LRB- each hold 2 games -RRB- , and the little screw driver for the battery door , and the extra battery . Buy those separately .
 Last month , I bought the starter kit for a Game Boy Advance over this site . when i review my order the product I take , its not the same as the picture show on . i think that you have to check your photos and your products , because the people think that they buy something and recive another.Thank you
 I 'm not big on comic books . Not even when I was a kid did I enjoy any of the old Marvel superheroes , so this review will be purely on the game itself , rather than any ties I have to the comic book characters in it.Let me start by saying that I did not get this by choice . It came in a bundle pack that I received with my XBox 360 , so I did n't really have high expectations for Ultimate Alliance from the get-go . Anyways here is my review!Graphics - 7/10 . I was very pleasantly surprised when I first put the disc into my XBox to see how terrific the graphics were on the opening cut-scene . It was almost photo-realistic , and that really boosted my enthusiasm to play the game . However , as in all games , the graphics are n't as good in game-play as they are in the cut-scenes , and my enthusiasm was shot right back down when I saw how `` average '' the in-game graphics really were . A lot of the computers and such used in the game are hideous to look at , and reminded me of the graphics from the game Fighting Force , for the N64 . Of course , not everything looked that bad , but it was a disappointment for sure . All of the character wearing dark clothes -LRB- Spiderman , Human Torch -RRB- looks constantly wet , and all of the characters wearing light clothes -LRB- Wolverine , Thor -RRB- seem to be way too bright , almost with a light bulb inside of them . This game was released quite a while ago , and for the time , the graphics were good , but that wo n't help you much if you are looking to buy this now.Game play - 6/10 . As you begin to play , you will think how nice it will be to have more than one character at your disposal at all times . Infact , you can travel with 4 different superheroes at one time , though as you begin to think about the dynamics of game play , you begin to realize how hampered it will be to play as one of the 4 , seeing as the camera has to show all 4 characters at once , and that with so many characters , the individuals ca n't have as polished of combos as you 'd like . It can be extremely frustrating to attempt a combo with the camera being so bad . There is just no way to predict how it will end up for you.Again , the word average comes up , this time in the A.I. Your squad is all right ; as the 3 characters that are on the screen that you are not playing will quickly aid you when you begin to attack an enemy . The enemy A.I. can fluctuate , and at times , you can sneak un-noticed through halls where enemies are clearly supposed to attack you.The missions you have to complete in the game are EXTREMELY boring , and present little to no challenge on easy or medium settings -LRB- which is all you get until you beat the game -RRB- . The enemies usually are n't intelligent enough to chase you beyond a certain point , so you can just lay low for a while , and attack over and over again for very easy kills . Besides this , the game tries to come across as clever with random puzzles it throws in here and there . Give me a break . The puzzles are laughable at the very best.RPG elements - 8/10 . It can be very fun trying out new characters , and there are just so many characters that the RPG elements of the game really stand out . Besides just getting new characters to experiment with , you can add new combos to all the characters , and this can be a blast to just play around with . When your superhero reaches a new level by just kicking as much tail as possible you can assign new points for them at designated access points . Not only can you level up individual players you can level up your team as well . As taken from the game 's manual - `` When your team defeats enemies , rescues civilizations , and just generally saves the day , it will increase your team 's reputation and you will be given special bonuses . `` Multiplayer - 9/10 . This is where the game really shines . Not only can you play offline with a buddy , you can also play co-op over XBox Live . You and up to four friends can all control one character out of your team . This is just a blast to play with your friends , online and offline . Playing on XBox Live with strangers can be stagnant at best , but still , you can play the entire game through and through with up to 4 people . There is also an Arcade Mode where you and your friends will compete to try and get the most kills and things of that effect.I ca n't remember the last time I had this much fun playing a co-op game , if you are the type that has been waiting for a good one to come out you are in luck . This is as good as it gets in terms of a co-op play.Story - 3/10 . I absolutely HATED the story . It truly is the corniest story you will ever play in your entire life . The plot centers around you and your newly formed team of superheroes trying to save the world from Dr. Doom ! Oh the suspense ! Then again , like I said earlier , I am not much of a comic book person , and that has a lot to do with how much someone will like the story . I usually go much more in-depth in the story with my reviews , but I really ca n't bring myself to talk about the story in this game . If you are n't a comic book person , and you are over the age of 8 , you wo n't get much , if any , enjoyment out of the story . The voice acting is very corny , the soundtrack is corny , and overall the story just gives you no incentive to want to finish the game.This game is just not very fun to play alone . The story is god-awful , the game play is lacking , and even though the RPG elements are decent enough , that alone ca n't carry a game . However , when you and your friends get together , or you and a stranger on XBox Live play together , the game can be a blast . So if you are not a fan of the old Marvel superheroes , do not by this game . If you are , then this might be something to look into further , but based on what I 've seen from Ultimate Alliance , I can give it no higher than a 7.0 / 10 .
 Ive played all of the X-Men Legend games and loved those . But for some reason I can not get into this one . Ive tried playing it about 5 times and get about 20 mins . into it and get so bored I have to turn it off . That and I had a buddy that bought this for PS3 and I even tried playing it with him and we played for about 30 mins . and he said the same thing . I read all the reviews before I bought it and was really pumped up about it and was sadly disapointed . Not enough fighting for my liking . I really dont see what everyone else sees in this game . I really wanted to like this game because im a big Marvel fan . Thankfully I bought this for $ 10 in the bargain bin . Not worth the time .
 I know , I 'm an adult - do n't even have kids so what am I doing with this game ? Well , I 'm interested in games , have not been entirely satisfied with the ea sports games I 've tried and heard good things about this series , so when I ran across a cheap 2005 hockey I thought I 'd try it out . I found it disappointing enough that I probably would not try another backyard game and would not really recommend this to anyone be they 6 or 600 . I 've rated it on the following factors that are important to me.Story
 I am totally dissapointed with this game . It is such a linear 1st person shooter that there is almost nothing you can ` choose ` to do . You just follow a path and kill certain creatures and watch the movie scenes at the end of chapters . I didnt like the storyline either . I was hoping it would be more parallel with the original Alice story but it is not even related !
 Avoid this game at all costs . I was one of the first to buy this game because of how much I loved GH 2 . Too bad this game made me want to avoid all future GH series . This game has 2 maybe 3 songs that are actually fun to play . All of the songs are boring 90 % of them I had no idea what they were or why they were chosen for the game . I got 5 gold stars on almost every song my first time around so I knew this 80 's game was worthless so I sold it on ebay the next day . It was not fun to play YOU CA N'T BUY MORE SONGS and it 's all the same characters just in stupid outfits . Save your money .
 This game has SO few songs , it 's amazing that Activision charges full price for this product . The whole track list could be sold as a song pack for the 360 version of Guitar Hero . I was really disappointed .
 This is the worst GH game i have played . I thought it would be good because it was the 80s and i like some 80s music so i got it . It had about what , not even twenty songs and i only heard of ten of them and i only liked about four . The graphics r the same as GH2s and the store is not worth being on there . The game only took me an hour and a half to beat on hard and then there was nothing to do with it . I paid fifty dollars for this ? If i returned it i would only get five bucks and then they would sell it back again for fifty . This is not a good game unless u like to pay fifty dollars for not even twenty songs .
 This game is a great idea and one that I 've been looking forward to , however the actual execution of the game is really poor . I find that in most cases the music does n't match the note-target thingys . No , I 'm not talking about the abundant music-sync issues , I 'm talking about the music not matching the targets you have to hit - so much so that for me , the game is totally not enjoyable . I know the songs in the game , intimately , and it 's really off . Red Octane probably knows this and did n't really want to advertise this disgrace tot he product line.Overall very un-enjoyable way to spend a few hours -LRB- not to mention $ -RRB- . It 's a shame . Perhaps Red Octane should produce a ` Folk Song Hero ' or maybe a ` Disco Hero ' , it could n't be any worse .
 Guitar Hero rocks the 80 's is as fun as the other Guitar Hero games but it is a major ripoff . I rated it 4 stars for how much fun this game is to play but only 2 overall.It does have some cool 80 's hair metal and new wave songs . A couple of the songs are kind of stupid but that is my own personal opinion.The problem with this game is that it is not worth $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I saw another reviewer say it would be great if it was $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I would completly agree with that reviewer . There are only 30 songs on this game with no extras that you could buy . The other guitar hero games have around 60 songs when you buy the extras . Seems like the game is just a big money maker . I recieved this game as gift and could n't return it because I did n't want to look unapprieciative.Also , there are no special extras like in the other guitar hero games . There are a few guitars and finishes but only one extra charachter . There are no outfits to buy , videos , or songs . I really do not care much about buying extra guitars but , it just goes to show how much of a money maker this game really is . I would buy any other guitar hero game but no this one . If you want to play it , rent it for a day or two to see if 30 songs are really worth $ 50 new . You could easily beat the game in a couple of hours if you have had experience playing the other guitar hero games .
 This is nothing but an exapnsion pack , they just slapped some new songs into the GH2 engine and then expect us to pay the same price as a fully developed game that spent years to make instead of the 10 minutes they spent on this one .
 What could have been an amazing game now just appears to be a filler while they perfect Guitar Hero III.Despite the poor play list -LRB- check it out , even hard core 80 's fans do n't even recognize half the songs -RRB- , this game could have been worth the money if it would have had the content of other guitar hero games , but it did n't . It only had a portion of the characters from Guitar Hero II , no unlockable songs , and only one unlockable character . The lack of unlockable songs is a huge dissappointment , as it leaves you paying the same price of Guitar Hero II -LRB- game only -RRB- but only having half the content . Also , with only one character to unlock and no songs , there is no motivation to strive to get the five stars on every song .
 There are definitely more definitive 80 's tracks than what is on Guitar Hero 80 's , trust me . The audio seems wierd and it 's difficult to hear the singers . Venues are not new , just re-used . They had so much material to work with , yet , give us so little for 49.99 . I do n't see how they can sum up the 80 's in 30 songs in the first place . It seems they are taking the fans for granted on this one .
 Guitar Hero is a land mark for the music/rhythm genre of gaming . A controller that resembles a guitar , a huge list of renown songs , and terrific multiplayer . I own all the games , Guitar Hero 1 and Guitar Hero 2 for the PS2 and 360 . As you can easily tell , I have a platonic love for this series . When I heard news of a forth , I of course wanted to buy it . But , let 's just say I 'm glad one of my friends decided to bring it over one day , because Guitar Hero Encore
 I can only assume Harmonix wanted to hurry up and ditch this series to do their new game , so they picked a theme nobody there wanted to do . How else do you explain this?There 's no new nothing , which is n't necessarily a problem . Worse is that there are only 30 tracks , and the song selection is questionable at best . Three of them are n't even from the '80s ! One is best known for being in the soundtrack of Grand Theft Auto
 I was really looking forward to this game as I 'm in the 80s generation . But , the 30 songs just are n't enough -LRB- especially when you compare it to GH1 or GH2 with nearly double that -RRB- . I found that in the first day of owning this one , I had mastered -LRB- on Medium -RRB- all of the songs . It got old quickly . I ca n't say that for GH1 or 2 .
 I have the first 2 Guitar Hero games for PS2 and was excited at the prospect of an all 80 's installment . But this game ultimately falls flat for a couple reasons . First it seems like they did n't put any effort into this game whatsoever . All the venues , menu screens , and character outfits are identical to Guitar Hero 2 with some minuscule tweaks . In fact , they took options away from GH2 in that there are fewer characters and , as far as I could tell , no additional outfits to buy.Now let 's talk about the track list . Pitiful . 30 songs and that 's it . There were a couple of good songs to choose from like `` Holy Diver '' , `` I Wan na Rock '' , and `` Ballroom Blitz '' . But for the most part the track list is extremely disappointing considering the fact that we are talking about 80 's music , an era that has no shortage of great guitar songs . That 's not even mentioning the fact that many of the songs are painfully bad covers , and just plain do n't sound good.There is no question that this game is an expansion pack , plain and simple , and paying $ 50 for it is outrageous . At MOST , I would pay $ 25 , that 's if it 's brand new , and not in some pre-played bargain bin .
 Let 's keep it brief . I do n't think the producers need to make this game any differently . The classic concept is well-maintained ; guitar hero
 Pretty disgusted at the lackluster attempt on this game . Theres virtually nothing special about it to explain the high price tag .
 I felt like there should have been more rockin ' 80 's tunes . The music selection did n't quicken my pulse like the other Guitar Hero games . It just did n't feel like it was worth the wait or the cost .
 This is supposed to be Guitar themed upon 80 's guitar ... and there is not one Prince song on here . That alone disappoints me ... but not as much as the music they did put on the game . Let 's wait for 3 , get Purple Rain on there or something .
 When this first came out , I almost bought it , but at the last second I changed my mind and rented it later . I 'm glad I did.This game is nothing but GH2 with 80 's window dressing . I mean , the opening sequence is EXACTLY THE SAME , only the characters are now sporting 80 's styles . As soon as I saw that , I got a bad feeling , and it only got worse from there . Everything -- and I do mean EVERYTHING -- is right out of GH2 . I could n't even make it through the first round before quitting in digust . This is nothing but pure laziness on the creators ' part , just a desperate attempt to milk some more money out of this franchise .
 If this game cost me $ 25 , it would be the greatest game ever . I would love it for hours , I would master every single song on it , and I would be very , very happy.It costs $ 50 . There are only 30 songs , no bonuses , no quirks , no unlockables to speak of . It 's Guitar Hero 2 bonus tracks with a palette swap.That being said , I really love the songs . I am a huge fan of 80s music , especially the ever present metal.If they ever plan on doing something like this again , they need to do three things.First off , they need to either reduce the price or put in more effort . $ 50 is a lot for a game , and if I pay it , I expect an actual game , not just an expansion pack.Second , they need to do playtesting on it a lot more . No , I do n't just mean put in more effort , I mean ... it skips , it jumps , it 's awful . Many songs are unplayable because of the skips.Third , they need to do more than just make songs more difficult . This version is * much * harder than Guitar Hero 2 , and to a certain extent , as someone who plays exclusively on expert , that 's a good thing , but even though I would kill for an Yngwie Malmsteen track on one of them , I have to confess , enough is enough . If you play on expert , expect endless triple chords and transitions from the first song . If you play on easier difficulties , expect it to be so easy that you will scream .
 The price of the game $ 40-50 is too high for only 30 songs . But had those 30 songs been real gems of the 80 's I could have forgiven the price and reveled in my teen years.However , despite a couple of good 80 's songs , the most loved of all the 80 's bands were completely ignored and left out ! I understand they have to pay for rights to these songs , but with as many copies as they sell and as high as they are charging , they owe us some decent 80 's music . This is not a tribute to the 80 's , it 's a desperate attempt to throw us some cheap music for high profits.I was a teen in the 80 's and listened to rock for 18 hours per day . I 've never heard of many of the songs on the tracks . I 've never heard of some of the bands on the list!Where are Bryan Adams , Pat Benetar , Prince , ZZ-top , Van Halen , Run DMC , Wham , Duran Duran , Springsteen , Def Leppard , Dire Straits , Guns N ' Roses , and 90 others I could list that top most of the artists on this edition.A huge disappointment . I would pay 50 per month for a new version if they had decent music on it .
 Let me start by saying that I love Guitar Hero I and II and while you can argue for years about the song list for Encore
 Being a big fan of the game , and being born in the 80s , I was looking to this game . But then I picked it up , new for $ 50 , and I wished I never got this game . Do not , NEVER , buy this game , rent it first . No extra songs , that was te biggest let down . Then the controls are broken beyond help . Do not buy this game , I can not say this enought . Get one of the newer games , they are alot better.The ScareCrow
 After Guitar Hero revolutionized the video game industry and Guitar Hero II made it even better , an 80s edition should have been a blast.The first clue is that the game was n't labeled Guitar Hero III - it was `` Encore . '' Okay , so it 's like an expansion pack . But it 's still full price . Still , I gave it a whirl.As is the case with the previous two installments , the songs are all covers . Some are 80s icons and done really well - `` Burning for You , '' `` Radar Love , '' `` Turning Japanese . '' But many are done poorly - as a classic metal fan , I was sorely disappointed with the Iron Maiden classic `` Wrathchild '' being , in a word , terrible.Remember all that extra stuff you could buy in GH2 ? Yeah , it 's not here . I played the game on medium and unlocked almost everything - Grim Ripper and a few guitars . There 's no extra songs or costumes.Basically , this is a GH2 expansion pack marketed as a stand-alone game . There 's enough here to keep you occupied for an afternoon , but then it 's back on the shelf while you play any other version of Guitar Hero because Rock the 80s has so little to offer . Unless you really like the 80s or just need to complete the Guitar Hero collection , pass this abortive effort over .
 i a sorry fellow shredders , but i feel like red octane dropped the ball on this one . there are way to many flaws with this game to be priced at $ 45-55 . that is how much guitar hero 2 goes for , if not more . this game has the same venues as 2 minus stonehenge , the same characters -LRB- with 80 's styled wardrobe -RRB- 1 unlockable character , no unlockable songs . speaking of the songs ... some songs either end terribly , have long lulls in the middle with no guitar , or the solos suck -LRB- metal health solo is no where to be found , replaced with boring chord progession -RRB- . unless you are a die hard 80 's rocker , rent , or borrow , do not buy this .
 -- No new characters -LRB- although the 80 's versions of the standard characters are pretty funny -RRB- -- No buyable outfits -- No new buyable guitars from The Store -- No new buyable guitar skins -LRB- do n't let the leopard-print guitar on the package fool you ! -RRB- -- No new unlockable guitars -LRB- the Fish , the Coffin , etc. are still the only ones you get after completing each level -RRB- -- No new venues -LRB- though it appears the background changes somewhat -RRB- -- No new fellow band/audience members -LRB- same grunge-era dudes ! -RRB- -- No buyable 80 's songs from The Store -- No new buyable characters from The Store -LRB- all you get is the same Reaper from GH2 -RRB- So , basically , it 's not a `` new '' game at all . More like an expansion pack -LRB- I guess this explains the word `` Encore '' -RRB- , and a fairly weak one at that.On the plus side , many of the 80 's songs featured here are good choices -- though certainly not all of them . I am particularly pleased they included some bigger hits from Flock of Seagulls and .38 Special , to name a few . However , when I think about all the great 80 's songs they could have included and did n't , it 's another disappointment.However , I do want to mention the FANTASTIC decision to include `` Play With Me '' as the final encore track . I was n't familiar with the song based on the name , but after playing it I recognized the tune . It 's the song playing in Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure when the historical characters run around in the mall wreaking havoc . And , played all the way through , it 's a fabulously difficult and elaborate song . So that part alone was worth a lot of the previous let-downs . But , on the whole , I would either skip this game altogether or , if you 're really a fan , try to pick up a used copy somewhere for cheaper . I 'd say a $ 10 price tag would make this game worth it .
 This game only comes with 30 songs , not a lot of thought behind the notes on hard and expert , and paying the same price for this game vs. the others is just not worth it . I 've played both GH1 & 2 and beaten both and still love those games , but some of the covers really did n't sound like I expected , and why oh why did they change the key of I Wan na Rock ?! That 's the song to sell this game and its not even right . I 'm very disappointed in this release and going to watch more closely before I buy another GH game .
 This game brings nothing new to the table . It is nothing more than a rehash of Guitar Hero 2 with only 30 songs . Guitar Hero 2 boasted over 60 for the same price . The game delivers on only one front - it features the same gameplay as Guitar Hero 2 , complete with the excellent co-op mode and very helpful Practice Mode . The intro animation , the unlockable instruments , all of the backgrounds , and a fair amount of the art was lifted shamelessly from Guitar Hero 2 . I would recommend this game only to people who love 80s music . Fans of the genre will be disappointed by how little this title offers for the price .
 I have two boys , only one of them ventured to try it , which was our 12 year old . He says that it 's not very fun and it 's kind of like a puzzle game , like a giant maze . The objective is to basically prank people . They are n't trying to get food or save a house , but rather it 's just to hurt people . There 's no story to it.Within the maze there were things watching you that you had to be careful of . Some of the things they did n't like were Jack-O-Lanterns that would walk around . Overall , they just did n't care for this game as the original Over the Hedge.So , bottom line is
 When I reviewed the Ultimate Codes for Pokemon DS games , I said that you should n't have to buy another Action Replay , that has the same codes as these dumb things , for the same system . But is n't Wario World a short game ? I 'm pretty sure you do n't need cheat codes ... Besides , the cheat device even manages to help me bust ANOTHER gut by having to cost 2 or 3 times the price of a used copy of Wario World ! Jeez .
 I made an earlier , shall we say , intemperate review of this title , and it seems better now that I 've given it some more time . There actually are adjustments that can be made under the `` Garage '' heading , but the Konami people have a lot to learn on the physics of tires and how they break away . Even with loads of adjustments , there 's lots of sliding , which is a bit silly when it is happening on a high speed oval . You do n't see much sliding at Indianapolis these days.Although they are trying to represent this title as the state of the art with modeling of physics , it is actually far behind GT4 , who have a true simulator that is just staggeringly realistic with a wide variety of cars . `` Enthusia '' is best described as more of a video game than a simulator .
 The only positive thing I have to say is it arrived at my Nephews house quickly . Otherwise I was overcharged for an obsolete game that the seller could have stated `` It may not play on the XB-360 '' or charge the 5.00 it 's probably worth.And when my Nephew went to the Game store to get a credit for it -LRB- I told him too -RRB- found out that the game I paid 30.00 -LRB- sight unseen -RRB- for was n't even worth the plastic it came in and his store was n't even supposed to be accepting that game as a trade . But the kid was cool and gave him what could for it .
 Only one game time - shoot any ball you want!No 8-ball or 9-ball etc. game
 This game is unplayable to those of us who have had lives the past five years , therefore having no time to obsessively master this totally pointless game . Not only is it impossible for the normal person , even at beginner level , but it has absolutely no purpose except for extreme pain to its victim . It does not count the calories you 've burned , it does not tell you the miles you 've run . AND DO N'T GET ME STARTED ABOUT THE MUSIC . Have you ever heard of a song called Passionata ? How about Masterwok ? Who wants to `` dance '' to obscure Japanese techno ? The only people who I can see enjoying this game are masochists , sadists , or both . I must say that playing this game is like playing Twister with a vague-almost-there-but-not-quite techno beat . HELLO ? Can you say chiropractor ? You can imagine my surprise when I was expecting something similar to Dance Dance Revolution to give my niece . She opened up the box , started playing , and almost threw out her back . And this is a thirteen year old girl who had been dancing for seven years . Do we really want to subject people to this ? I mean , come on . We could definitely do better than this . I felt so guilty about my niece 's un-merry Christmas that I went right out and bought the RIGHT game , Dance Dance Revolution Extreme . This game throws Pump It Up onto the proverbial floor and stomps it repeatedly - on beat and with great music playing in the backround . To sum it up , this game is something akin to Chinese water torture . I will never , and I mean NEVER trust a review on this site again . I 'm just trying to warn other people who may make the same mistake I did . Believe me , if I could give you one piece of advice
 I 'll admit I was expecting a Secret of Mana type game . Instead I got something different . It is n't all that great too . You start off by selecting either a male or female and then sit through a VERY long intro -LRB- but good intro -RRB- before the game starts.The elements in Sword of Mana are very similar to Secret but they do n't flow as well . The gameplay is a such example . Sword of Mana is fun to play at first . The gameplay elements are awesome with all the weapons and items but then a few things start to stick out . One
 Final Fantasy Adventure for the original game boy is one of the best games of all time . Sword of Mana took the original game boy game and sucked all the life out of it . What they got wrong
 Everyone wants to compare this to the far superior `` Secret of Mana '' . `` Sword of Mana '' should not have to be compared to `` Secret of Mana '' because `` Sword of Mana '' IS NOT `` Secret of Mana . '' Sword is an exceptionally good game but a lot of frustrating gameplay elements will more than likely bring this down.Sword of Mana certainly is a pretty game . The graphics are astonishingly good . Vivid and colorful graphics that while they look cartoony , the character artwork is incredibly artistic . Easily Sword of Mana has eye-candy that will distract you from some of the cons until they submerge.I wish I could say the same about the music that I did about the graphics . Some tunes are memorable -LRB- such as the opening theme -RRB- but other tunes for whatever reason do n't bring out the true essence of the game . A lot of tunes sound 8-bit , like something you 'd hear on your original NES or Gameboy . The sound effects also sound 8-bit style . I 'm not quite sure if this is to bring back memories of Final Fantasy Adventure or not but for the GBA the sound could 've been better.The Gameplay of the game is actually where the game 's problem is . The music I can deal with even if it is 8-bit , it is n't bad . But the gameplay showers frustration . For one thing , as so many others have said , your AI partner is not so smart . A lot of the time you 'll rush into battle and your AI partner wo n't even ATTACK the enemy . They 'll stand there walking into a wall or pathetiaclly getting the crap kicked out of them.Battling itself can be a joy . You run around and swing your weapon at the enemy . You 've got about 8 different weapons to choose from and each has its own potential and `` trait '' . Either a Slash , Jab or Bash . Some enemies are weak to one trait more than another . To me this was creative and best of all , makes it so that you can put a strategy to your gameplay rather than just try to stay alive.But even the combat has its problems . There 's a three hit combo you can do but for some odd reason it ca n't be pulled off whenever . You may pull it off sometimes but it is incredibly difficult -LRB- you 'll more than likely do this three hit combo by accident -RRB- . Not only that but it gets more frustrating to battle as you progress . You start to miss enemies all the time and battling suddenly becomes a hassle.The Ring menu . Simple and easy to use . Not as fast as it could be though . VERY easy to use but you spend A LOT of time in it . BUT for what its worth the Ring Menu has short cuts to the two things you 'll access the most ! Weapons and Magic . However , as one reviewer pointed out , the amount of time spent in the menu is torture at times . I select one category and depnding on what it is I 'll go off into another catagory , a sub catagory . I may or may not go into ANOTHER sub-category . That and the menu does n't switch to the next sub category fast enough . Still , the ring menu is fast and efficient.My last problem with this game is a small one . The lack of actually playing the game sometimes . There are several points where the dialogue carries on and on and on . There 's nothing wrong with a good storyline but when I ca n't interact with it enough there 's a problem . It 's a GAME . It 's supposed to be fun WHILE intriguing and entertaining . You ca n't speed up the dialogue either and the character developement only helps to make it worse.Overall , Sword of Mana is n't such a bad game . It just suffers from a lot of cons that stand out , especially in the gameplay . If you ARE a fan of the Mana Series then yes , grab this . Pick it up . If you are n't familiar with the series it 's a love/hate relationship all the way .
 The only thing that relates this rotten game to `` The Secret of Mana '' is the name . Everything else is just a rotten imitation of that fine game . The graphics are well drawn , but poorly animated . The music is lame . The story is weak , and worst of all , the play controls are horrendous.The ring menu system from `` The Secret of Mana '' was a thing of beauty that let you quickly use items and equip your characters . `` Sword of Mana '' has ring menus as well , but they 're sluggish , and they flash for no apparent reason . Also , it seems like it takes forever for the guy to swing his sword after you have pressed the button . If you play it with the GameCube GameBoy Player , you 'll even notice a bit of flicker.Another minor irritation is that no matter what kind of creature you kill , it leaves behind something that looks like a bull skeleton . I could understand that in 1992 , but it 's 2003 ! Surely ROM is cheap enough by now for the cartridge to hold an assortment of remains.I doubt that the original Mana team even worked on this thing . In the opening , it mentions Brown & Browne , which makes me suspect that Square is just a publisher for this game , not a developer . They pulled the same dirty trick with `` Breath of Fire '' which was an okay game developed by Capcom , but it was not as good as a Square game.If they could n't be bothered to do it right , they should n't have done it at all .
 I bo ' t this b ` cuz I 'm quite fond of SQUARE 4 the Final Fantasy series . I was sorely disappointed . While it started out great it dragged itself along . The two stories -LRB- Here/Heroine -RRB- were different , with the Heroine story being the most compelling . The game 's about a world that was destroyed the wrongful use of Mana power by an evil tyrant Vandole who was subdued by a powerful Sword created by the Goddess . So now it seems the Vandole has been reincarnated intends to do it all again.The sad thing thing is that there are too many characters that have nothing to do with the overall story -LRB- The Mavoles for example -RRB- - not to mention just too many characters - period . What was the purpose of the trip to the Ice Castle - just to kill the monster and unfreeze it 's people . You 're sent helping people just to satisfy the `` journey '' aspect of the game but it contrast this game offers no real adventure or journey , and the endgame was equally as disappointing . I got confused of who the real enemy actually was and in the end I was even more confused because the game offers no resolution.The story itself was really uninspired as I had this game for a whole year without playing it , only to just `` get it over with '' ; you will spend a GREAT DEAL OF TIME looking for Spirits , but if think the game or any character will TELL you how to find ALL 64 Spirits NO ! GameFaqs will be your best friend for this game . A complete waste of time and money .
 Well , it 's not Secret of Mana . It 's not even Children of Mana . It 's a totally different beast of a game . I tried on two separate occasions to get into this game , but one single thing turned me off
 If i had to put this game into a few words then i would say
 This game was short and unsatisfying . The storyline and dialog attempted to become more and more `` philisophical '' as the game went on and became ridiculous by the end . The dynamics of the game were possibly even more flawed than the 1991 counterpart , which was in some ways more fun than this failure of a remake .
 This game is overated . The story is confusing . The characthers ar n't introduced properly . The story will have you running around the same place for hours . You get killed to easy . The bosses are waaaaaaaaaaaay to easy . Half the stuff in the menus/items you do n't even use . All the custimizable features ar n't used that much . It 's a long game but to easy . For the conclusion this game is not recommended for Good RPG players .
 Ther ` es one specifc reason I do n't like this game . Once you get to the final dungeon -LRB- the game is kind of like the legend of zelda -RRB- it locks you out and you can never go back !! If there 's ever a game without any replay value , no matter how good , I would never get it ... That 's why I 'm always cautious when buying my games , unless , of course , it 's a puzzle game , etc. not being able to play those again would be like locking you away from the game . The last thing I have to say about this game is I got my hopes up that it would be like paper mario the thousand year door -LRB- read my review -RRB- but instead it doesent save at all once you 're done beating the game ! You 're still in that damn final DUNGEON !!! Sadly , I might give this game a good rating IF it had replay value ... Get this game if you do n't care about replay value ... -RRB- :
 Bowling is one of America 's great pastimes and it is a given some companies will develop video games based on it . THQ tries but fails somewhat . It may be because they did n't spend enough time working on it , did n't care or bowling is too hard to make into a game . To be fair the physics of the game are quite good . It is no easy task to bowl a high 200 game and 300 seems improbable . The various oil patterns of the different venues also adds to the challenge . The problem in this game is less than stellar graphics . The crowd watching looks like cardboard cut-outs -LRB- maybe thats what they use at real tournaments come to think of it -RRB- and the bowlers themselves are woeful . The create-a-bowler feature is OK but there is virtually no variation in faces meaning the bowlers all look the same , except the pros who look somewhat as they should . The music is terrible and turning it off is recommended . There are some pluses though . As mentioned before the game is challenging and there are several venues and tournaments to be played . Even on the easy setting it 's tough . In closing , the game has a below average look with above average bowling physics . If you love the latter you will probably like the game but if you want it to look good too you might as well jump in your car and go yourself .
 Game itself is good . The service to get it through Amazon was spectacular ... . as always very pleased with both .
 I 'm a big fan of Nascar , World of Outlaws , and Motocross so I 'm always on the lookout for a good racing game . However , this game is mediocre at best and quickly becomes boring . The graphics are beautiful but that is about all this game has going for it . There just is n't enough head to head racing . Most of the game consists of point to point racing on empty dirt roads in time trial competitions . The truck races are my favorite but there just are n't enough of them in the game . If the game was all truck racing then I would probably like it much more . I played this game really heavy for about a week , but I quit pretty quickly after that . I just was n't having fun . After all is n't the point of playing games having a good time ? This game is boring . I 'll take Mario Kart on the Super Nintendo over this any day of the week .
 The menu system in this game is simply horrible . In order to make it flashy & cool looking , the programmers used a menu system which shows the text flying up out of the background at high speed , hovering for a second & then flying forward at you through the camera.Then while youre waiting for the game to load -LRB- which takes awhile -RRB- it uses the same flashy flying 3-d text nonsense to flash stats at you . Every menu in the game uses this annoying system , and theres no way to choose a less headache-inducing menu system.It may be a great game , i dont know , since i can never play it for more than 1/2 an hour without getting a headache .
 I found this game incredibly boring . It was the wors ' t game I have ever played . The graphics are absolutly terrible and the sound ... well that was to bad for words . The idea of fishing on Nintendo is very very stupid and I would not reccomend this game to anybody . It was a terrible terrible and I give it a pitiful 0 out of 1000000000000000000000000000 .
 I do n't like this game at all . It is no fun . All you do is sit there trying to catch a 2-pound fish . I suggest that you never get this gam
 If you did n't know you would say that this game is about 5 years old . Thats what the graphics look like anyway . When I played this game at my friends house I said to him `` Did your grandad own this game when he was a little kid ? '' The idea of fishing on Nintendo is stupid and I would not reccomend this game to anyone unless you are obsessed with fishing and are a total nerd . The price is also a complete rip off to . If you want to buy a fishing game all I have to say to you is get a life .
 Okay , you people are probably thinking that I 'm an adult and that this is a kid 's game and there 's no wonder I hate it.WRONG ! I played this game when I was 9 years old and I hated it . It has horrible control , horrible graphics , and the mini-games are n't fun ! This game is too frustrating for a kid ! It 's completely boring and not fun at all.This is n't even worth renting!Since this is supposed to be a kids game and I 'M A KID listen to what I just said . Most KIDS will even hate it !
 This game is boring and dumb for players of any age . The camera angles are bad and the control is rough . Do not buy this PEICE OF JUNK WASTE OF MONEY ! If you have money and ca n't wait to spend it , then go buy your self lunch . This game is a waste of money .
 I play pool on real tables about 10 hours a week and I 've also owned three other video pool games in the past . I played this game for over a month before I desided that I ca n't play it any more . I am disapointed to say that there is n't much that I did like about the game . The BIGGEST problem that I had with the game is that it is next to impossible to aim and be consistant . From no matter what angle I viewed a shot I would line up to shoot and miss . Next the music just plain sucks , it 's not modern , and to be honest , it 's anoying . The last problem I had with the game is that there are about 16 computer players to challenge you . I only got to the fourth , and this girl was making 5-6 balls in a row . As I stated earlier with out being able to aim it 's impossible to win . On a good note the rules were flawless and the programers tried to help with a tutorial that was minimally helpful . But this game needs to be tweaked and if they came out with a second version I 'd be willing to try it .
 Seriously this game is a disgrace ! I played the game and thought it would control simulary to Tony Hawk Pro Skater . The game boards are horrible . I also thought that you would be able to play as REAL snowboarders . The only thing good about the game is the music . If you are looking for a good snowboard game get COOLBOARDERS 4 .
 I had read that it was better than the `` Cool Boarders '' series , but I disagree . The grabs are simply too easy to pull off , and there is ` nt very much variety in the tricks . Although -- if you can qualify , and do tha MTV challenge , that can provide some fun -LRB- easy fun , but fun -RRB- , and then the Alaska course is good too . It 's a nice change from the CB series , but about half as good , maybe .
 The MOST important part of ANY review of a game IS ... will it PLAY on the system you have ! My answer here is NO . I got a nifty poster and RED SIEGE dog tag with chain but ca n't get it to run on VISTA , even trying to run it under previous operating systems that PCs these days say you can do by choosing on the submenu . Just wo n't run . Waaaaaah .
 Real time without much strategy . But the in-game videos are nice if you are impressed with eye candy . Otherwise , a relatively mindless RTS . Ugh!No editor is another major down .
 I beat this game in about an hour . SERIOUSLY . The plot is pretty good but the game is sooo easy . I would reccommend it for 4,5,6 and maybe 7 year olds . It 's really easy .
 I saw this game , rented it from the store , and brought it home . It took me an hour to beat the game 100 % , and the graphics were awful . They were pointed all over , and looked worse than Lara Croft from Tomb Raider I. I would not reccomend buying this game enless you 're a first time gamer or under 8 years old . Rent , do n't buy if you 're older .
 This game is a waste of your money ! This game is dumb and it should n't of been sold ! This game is way easy and is a waste of your time . I would n't buy this for $ -LSB- money -RSB- . You are better off buying a better CD for the same price!By :3 gamers 12 , 9 , and 6
 Once upon a time , there was a game that stunk.I never that I would hear me say this because I am Obsessed with video games , But this is my least favorit one.The animation gave me a headach , and it was just a bad game . I am glad that I rented it.It just plain stunk !
 The reason why i gave this a bad rating is because the disc was already badly scratched and it would not start at all , either i get another copy or give me back my money
 Let 's get this straight right off the bat
 I got this beacause I enjoyed both Civilization and Alpha Centauri , and it had come highly recommended by some of my friends in the PC world.The animation and attention to detail is really great , and kind of hypnotic , mostly because of the music . The time required for development of technology is pretty considerable , however , so you just kind of sit and watch these little guys truck around for the bulk of the playing time . This slows gameplay to a virtual crawl.The intelligence that moderates enemy activity is pretty rudimentary - I found it easy to avoid being attacked simply by not going within a certain distance of another civilization until I had a decent sized force , which , of course , took more time . Once engaged , however , moving the individual units was fun , if not a little chaotic . And the indivudal units just attack whoever is near them , whether that 's a enemy or a building . The diplomacy settings are appalling basic
 I loved the Age of Empires on PC . However , I never got a chance to play Age of Empires for Mac . I did n't realize that it was a pre OS X product , therefore , I was not able to open the download . The information I received from amazon was misleading . I bought the product not knowing it was not going to work on my I MAC . I learned a very valuable lesson . I reccommend that anyone wanting to buy boxed software online should double check what they are getting . The price was also excessive and should have given me the clue not to buy it . Amazon.cpm does not take back opened software . Unfortunately , I had to open up the software and run it to find out it was not what I wanted .
 I just bought this game and can not install in on my mac because it says `` the classic environment is no longer supported .
 I purchased this a week ago since I heard great things about this game and having played Civilization a Call to Power . After installing it , it kept prompting me for the cd even when running the program off the cd itself . I wrote to tech support within the hour and have yet to hear back . I can however play the scenarios and found Civilization to be more challenging with better game controls . I often lost member of my civilization and had to scroll the entire map to distinguish to dark blue dots from the black dots . Overall , I am not impressed and will stick with Civilization games in the future .
 Boring , tedious , and pointless . A mere shadow of the far superior Civilization -LRB- pick any incarnation -RRB- . Why would anyone want to sit and watch people chop wood and carry carcass meat around the screen ? Why does this game freeze my computer ? Why do foreign civilizations appear from nowhere -LRB- always with better weaponry -RRB- and bombard me for no reason-with no hope of diplomatic recourse ? I realize that with diligence , this game may be playable , but I was already spoiled by years of playing-you know .
 This game is one of the worst game I 've ever seen in years ! I know that I 'll get a lot of angry reviewers against me , but I do n't care . The reason I hate this game so much is because I need a killer machine and super-speed-connection to run this boring game smoothly , and the graphics and sounds are n't great at all ... bunch of lame , boring game features , uninteresting multiplay , simple textures , simple maps -LRB- having lots of maps does n't means that this has the best maps -RRB- ... This game is complete trash ! Do n't waste your money on this , buy diablo ll instead ...
 SO OVERATED ! Save your bloody money for some coffee or something and get a life .
 How on earth people think this is better than Quake 3 . Quake 3 and Unreal are a non comparison . I just feel sorry for the poeple that are wasting their money on this instead of Quake because of all this hype . Terrible game .
 I have not played the full version of UT , but I can take a guess at what it would be like . I have , however `` played '' the demo . The reason I put played in quotes is the game was a slug . It seemed to stop to load every three seconds or so . I do n't whether it was an issue with my system , but something can definitely be said about a game which loads constantly . Even if the game did work on my computer , I still would not like it . I lknow this because I played a working version -LRB- it still loaded too often -RRB- at another person 's house . There is no storyline and no character involovment . I like a little story to follow along . UT and Quake 3 are the shallowest games I 've ever played . All they are is run , shoot , run , shoot , run , shoot . This gets boring nearly immediatly for me .
 I bought both UT and QA , and was eager to run them on my 96MB PIII-500 with high speed University LAN connection.Quake Arena ran really well with all graphics features -LRB- except trilinear -RRB- turned on at 800x600 , and handled more than 12 non-bot players admirably on multiplay . Net connections were smooth at 100 ping.Unreal Tournament , on the other hand , chugged even on 512x384 with lowest detail settings , and had choppy net play . That 's really disappointing considering UT had far more gameplay innovations and cooler features -LRB- I love Domination -RRB- . The bottom line is
 I got both UT and Q3A for christmas and was more excited to play UT . I booted it up and started playing and about 20 minutes later uninstalled it and put Q3A in . Trust me-Quake 3 Arena is much better , dont waste you money .
 When I got this game I played it for about 2 days and decided it sucks.Then after a couple of weeks I played it again because some friends said it was cool . I thought I should give it another chance and I played it with friends , but the game just does n't appeal to me.It 's quake 1/2/3 for me ! -LRB- even though 3 was a bit disappointing -RRB- . I do n't get how everyone just seems to like UT.This is the game that got me back to playing games that actually have a story .
 Well , I ca n't deny that this game is a good 3d action first person shooting game , but I did n't enjoyed this game so much . And even though there was a good variety of game features , none of them seemed interesting to me , and the graphics was n't so cool compared to quake 3 . Weapons ; probably one of the best variety of weapons for this kinda game , but the sounds -LSB- were lacking -RSB- . And the lightning effects was n't so impressive . Bots , cool AL , very impressive ; better than Q3 . Deathmatch , not so good . Assult and Domination was n't so fun either . Team Deathmatch and Capture the flag were the best game features in my opinion . Anyways , I 'm giving this game one star because this game is too overrated . Anyways , it 's a good game ; I just do n't like this game so much , that 's all .
 I do n't know what everyone else sees in this game and why they consider it so addicting and cool , it , like Quake 3 is just mindless shooting only leaving you angry . Everyone in the UT community rocket jumps , a cheap way of getting a quick kill , and very annoying at the same time . This game is plagued with rocket jumping ! There are alot of things I hate about this game , too many to list here anyway .
 This game rules . I really think that this game is a 5 star . If you havent played this game , go do that now .
 This game is slow even for my P3-650 machine , and the graphics totally suck . Level designs are very dull and uncreative , and this is just another lame commercial game . This game has several dissapointing features . First , like I 've mentioned b4 , the graphics ... UT engine is one of the worst engine ever created ! If you think UT 's graphics are good , then that means you saw too much eye candy ... As for the bots ... only two player mods with boring skin texture ? Ok , the AL of the bots are better than Q3 , but the bot models also lack creativity . And they get boring just after a first glance . Weapons ... better than Q3 , but very unoriginal . The only weapon that can be considered original is the sniper ... The rest are just a set of lame toys . And for the biggest part ... Gameplay . Yes , UT has a large variety of uninteresting gameplay . And for multiplay , this game has the worst multiplay ever ... You need a super fast connection ... And you 'll get bored after 10 minutes of multiplay ... I ca n't understand why people thinks this extremely commercialized game is so good ... It has no extreme action , gore , and technically fantastic game engine . This game is for lame people who likes commercialized games or dull action and eye candy ... Well , for the huge UT fans , enjoy yourself with this trash . You will all realize that something big is coming ... And you were enjoying trash ... Well , I do n't blame you for that though : -RRB-
 Very evil game and its bloody sick game . You have to be evil to play it I mean go get blues clues and soothe your mind ! DO NOT LET YOUR KIDS PLAY THIS EVIL GAME.PS It was made in china
 sigh . . lets get some things straight . . any game variation that UT so proudly boasts exists as a quake 3 mod . . if its worth playing in the first place . . UT 's graphics are NOT better than quake 3 's both admittedly from reviewers -LRB- even those who prefer UT -RRB- and also because of the fact that they lack geometric curves which is a necessary aspect for newer 3d realism . . also , what 's up with the pathetic internet code ? and why does it require a beta direct x file to handle the geforce card ? notice the low polygon count on the models ? why do the space graphics look like huge 2 dimensional BMP files ? happy UT owners are most likely just bad quake players * happy fragging *
 This game lasted in my hardrive for only twenty minutes ... And I returned it because it was so bad
 Iam very unsatisfied with this product . It was waste of money , It did not work at all , and I did contact the seller to retern it but they just simply said `` NO '' and send me an e-mail about how I should insall the game , we did but still is not working.So I never again buy any kind of game or elctronics from amazon .
 This game has been a real pain to get up and running . The error messages are obscure and meaningless -LRB- unless you 're a hacker or a geek -RRB- , the documentation is targeted to engineers , and the web support link again makes huge assumptions about the technical ability of the end user . HELLO ! Do not make me dive into the innards of my PCs operating system to play your game , or at least make it easy for me to reconfigure what 's necessary . Unless you spend your waking hours coding , I would keep clear of this game .
 I saw all the good reviews for this game so i got it . Well in the game the players and bots just run and shoot everywhere you do n't aim well and just move too fast and choppy to actually have a good stradegy for this game .
 I ordered a used playstation game . It came very quickly . But it was not the motorcross game my grandson wanted , it was a music CD . I have since returned it . After 4 e-mails . Provide your Order # and we will refund . Return the product and we will refund . Return to where ? Heres an address . I will be surprised when and if I get a credit .
 Installed , but does n't load up . Keeps crashing despite my machine surpassing all system requirements . At least it was n't expensive .
 Sorry , but they did a crappy job on this one . They dumped the console game into this and did not even pretend to rework a single thing.Forget using your mouse . The console is the only way to move . If you go in and change the settings , then REBOOT ! If you try to launch the game again without rebooting your computer , the copyright kicks in and thinks you are trying to launch a second game . This is probably why so many people are complaining that it is crashing their computers.The graphics are okay , but I would have been extremely ticked off if I had paid more for THIS . Thank heavens I have GRID to putz around with . I will not be getting DIRT 2 . I have no idea how this got such good ratings.All-in-all , this is still a console game . Forget it.Reviewed by Detra Fitch of Huntress Reviews .
 Play the demo before you do anything you 'll regret -- such as buying this garbage game.Great to look at , but if cars really drove anything like in DiRt ... anywhere within 50 feet of a road would be unsafe.Also , this game does n't make use of the mouse , which is disrespectful to PC gamers and flat out annoying ; you do n't have the option to enable it . -LRB- If anyone 's interested in the performance , I get an awesome frame rate with everything maxed , a 1280 x 1024 resolution , while running on an 8800ts . The beautiful graphics make me long for a good racing game , which this is anything but . -RRB- Edit
 I just installed it and tried it out . Seems like a glorified crash 'em up derby . Sounds really are terrible and the graphics stink too . Controls are like pushing a baby buggy with flat tires around a mudhole ... . And the Menu System , what the heck is that about ? Only Keyboard control and no other controls built in for game controllers or wheels ? Have to manually modify everything instead of just picking your controller ? Must have moved the design team into a closet to make this one . There 's other games out there that do it so much better . I ca n't believe how poor this game is , considering some of the other stuff that Codemasters puts out . This must have been a fill in game , while others were in development . It sure is not top of the line and not worth the money . I 'm glad I got it at a really low price , so I did n't loose much on the deal . . I also do n't like the security drivers , as it already messed with my internet connection . Windows XP is my firewall and it saw the game 's security as a threat and XP closed down my internet connection , to protect against it . Had to go get a tool to wipe that junk off my HDD and this is just after the last disaster with DVD security software . I hate it that these guys have to use this stuff and I also hate it that they do n't have any concern if it screws up someone 's PC from it ! . Another joke from Codemasters.I 'll stick with NFS ProStreet and DTM Race Driver 3 , so far those are the only two keepers after about 20 racing games ...
 I love dirt . I love dirt a lot , and I really love rally racing . Why did I give it a one star review ? Because I can only play it about a fifth of the time without crashing . It is so plagued by crashing that I ca n't even get past the loading screen . I 've done everything I can to prevent this , from installing a new patch to disabling my internet connection -LRB- apparently some installations get a glitch when contacting a specific server -RRB- and it crashes on load about four fifths of the time . To make things worse , before I installed the patch it corrupted my save file no less than three times . Yet , I managed to play through the whole game ! How is this possible?Well , I pirated the game originally . I downloaded it illegally , played through the entire game , and love it so much that I went out and bought it . When I pirated it , I had absolutely no problem whatsoever with crashing , it was perfect flawless gameplay and I enjoyed every second of it . But upon buying it and running it on the same computer with the same specs , it 's just miserable . I tried to play through the game again , but every time it crashed it would delete my save file until finally I just downloaded a 100 % complete savefile and kept a backup of it . I loved GRID too , I was so impressed with Codemasters . Not a single problem with GRID , but the problems with my copy of DiRT are just too absolutely wretched to be overcome.I totally pre-ordered DiRT 2 . Seems like they fixed these issues with GRID , hopefully DiRT 2 wo n't be as flawed , because it really is a great game ...
 This game is so choppy even on low settings it is not really playable . Worst game ever in my opinion . I bought GRiD which was awesome so I assumed the same quality here . I was sadly mistaken . I played it maybe 5 times and decided to uninstall . Just not worth it . Save your money and by Flatout - Ultimate Carnage , better graphics , smooth gameplay and really fun .
 Good game , great graphics . It does run a little choppy on my Core 2 6800/NVIDIA 7950 GT system , but with a 8600 GTS card runs very nice at 1280x720 . The problem I have with the game is it installs StarForce verification drivers on your PC . These drivers are incompatible with a PC with Blu-Ray playback -LRB- PowerDVD -RRB- . The drivers basically disable Blu-Ray playback on your system . I wrote CodeMasters about it . And guess what ? They did n't seem to care -LRB- surprise , surprise -RRB- . I like the graphics and game . But I ca n't forgive a company that installs software on your system which disables other software from working properly .
 Having played most of the Colin McCrea versions on the PC , I had high hopes for Dirt and even pre-ordered it ... a rarity for me . I should have waited . My 6 month old Dell -LRB- a Core 2 Duo -RRB- meets the recommended system requirements and far exceeds the minimum , yet the game runs like utter -LSB- ... -RSB- . This system runs virtually anything else out there at a high res -LRB- even the dreaded Flight Sim X -RRB- . Yet on Dirt , anything above 640 x 480 is choppy , with anything near the top res acting like a slide show . Controls are nearly as bad ; cars zig-zag uncontrollably at the slightest movement , even with the `` supported '' Logitech MOMO wheel and pedals . The Logitech Rumble Pad is n't even supported out of the box and requires manual setup . They assume you have an Xbox 360 gamepad , indicating this is a sloppy port of the 360 version . I 'm not alone in these problems ; check out the Codemasters forums before you buy and try the demo . 90 % of the posts gripe about performance , some point to sound card issues and claim disabling the sound card helps . Yeah , that 's what I want to do . Everything else aside , it has the makings of graphic marvel . I have the slide show to prove it .
 The visuals are fair , usually crude but occasionally inspired.The gameplay is awful . A game with a theme like this should be about exploring -LRB- both levels and weapons -RRB- , but the level design makes it impossible to explore , mostly due to the placement of enemies that you absolutely have to outrun . And you ca n't explore the weapons system because you never have the opportunity to try things out except during life-and-death struggles -LRB- although this may or may not have been a problem for people familiar with the novels , which I have n't read -- maybe the novels explain the weapons ? -RRB- . The weapons system , with far too many weapons to use easily , is simply too clumsy to use.The game should have been crafted into a tense , suspenseful , awe-inspiring adventure , like a sort of swords-and-sorcery Half-Life . Instead , it 's a repetitive bore in which the designers committed a basic flaw of game level design
 I own a Compaq desktop , model 5686 , & a HP Pavillion laptop , model ze5170 . Both have Windows XP . I tried installing the game from 3 different CD Rom drives , 1 of which was my CD burner and the other a DVD/CD drive . None of them worked . The disk kept getting stuck on the Maps/Mission _ 10 . wot file . I may have just gotten a dud , but I would n't try buying this game again unless I knew for sure that it worked on at least one computer that I own .
 I was enjoying the game , but halfway through , it would `` windows error '' and not proceed to the next level . After much time with GT tech support , the best they could recommend was reloading the game and starting from scratch . Buyer beware .
 Well , I consider myself a WOT fan . I waited for this game with as much anticipation as I 'm currently waiting for the 9th book . Finally , after eons of visiting the internet page and watching those pretty screenshots I managed to buy it . But , let 's say it in four words
 `` Wheel of Time '' by Atari is based off of Robert Jordan 's ongoing -LRB- interminable -RRB- series by the same name . It is a FPS with both Single Player and Multiplayer modes.As far as its actual graphics goes , they are pretty good for the time . Sound , also , was done reasonably well.However , gameplay was horrible . While the missions themselves did make some vague amount of sense , the devil is in the details , and this is just one of the places the game failed . There were many instances where I was able to trick the computerized enemies -LRB- MOBs -RRB- into standing in places where I could hit it at my leisure and it would just stand there and take it . I also was able to use certain spells through walls when it made no sense for it to do so.Another problem was the control system . Movement worked fine , and I never found myself stuck anywhere . But the selection of items -LRB- all `` spells '' in the game are derived from items which you collect and in some cases use up -RRB- for use , particularly in combat , is problematic to say the least.The plot is in many cases highly dubious if one knows much about the series it is based from . In fact , it borders on absurd . Also , I found the ending to be highly anti-climatic , to say the least.In all , this is a game that tried hard to be something great , but fell far short . Like the author of the series , it appears that SquareSoft bit off more than they could chew .
 This game utterly failed in the market for good reason . The graphics and sound are fine , but the gameplay completely sucks . Basically , there are three aspects of it that monopolize the entire Wheel of Time gaming experience :1 -RRB- Trying to select the right spell you want , by spinning your mousewheel or tapping a key over and over like a moron , usually while in combat and under fire . The game has 39 spells btw . Let me type that again
 I have been reading through the books and when I found out that a game was to be released I was very excited . When I got the game however I was extremely dissappointed to find out that , with all the complexity of Jordan 's world , the best they could come up with was a 1st person shooter . The books are so intricate and complex , and yet with this game there is no character interaction , nothing to figure out . On top of all this , the music was terrible . Instead of authentic stringed and woodwind instruments they get some bad rock band who throw in a fiddle every once in a while . I had to turn it off . As far as 1st person shooters go it was great , but when I think about the series and all they could have done , this was a terrible dissappointment .
 I have read lots about this game . Looked endlessly for it the various software/retail outlets I have frequented in several major cities . After much looking around I finally ordered from here . As I was eagerly anticipating the arrival of the game , I immediately opened and loaded it onto my hard drive . Graphics -- A , very nice actually , coming from Diablo/Hellfire/Diablo 2 , a nice step up . Tutorial -- very helpful , interface different from what I am used to but not difficult at all . Gameplay -- absolute garbage . Extremely linear `` quest '' system , with frequent dying , and frustration of not finding where to go and there being only ONE way to do things . Char you play is so weak that the challenge is to save early enough so as to be able to attempt play before being completely annilated , again . Once you progress through a few of these `` quests '' , you get the idea that you should find items in a certain order so as to deal with the various `` challenges '' you face , i.e. frequent death . Read any of the web sites/forums dedicated to this game and you will find frequent `` hey I am stuck '' posts asking for help . I have wiped this garbage off my hard drive and I am extremely disappointed that I had to pay for this kind of `` game '' experience .
 I think I got this as a Christmas or birthday present , anyway while they were giving directions , the game bugged and it was telling me to do a standing blast of magic or something , and my character started moving forward and it would n't stop . It sounds like my problem was unique , but even without this bug , I was n't too impressed by this game . First of all , it would be better off following the book 's plot , but from what I remember it was mostly campaigns -LRB- I did n't get very far , as I tried to return the gift only to have the people at Walmart say , `` we 're sorry but we do n't return PC games '' -RRB- . I also do n't remember having normal attacks , it was all ranged stuff , and combat system was a bit crummy . First-person mode is totally inapropriate for a story game , third person -LSB- like FFVII -RSB- would have been far more fitting .
 I bought this because I was , and still am , a fan of the Wheel of Time series . What I did n't know , though , was that this has utterly nothing to do with the WoT extended universe , flat-out ignoring and contradicting things posted in the books . The Seals ' locations , the way that ter ` angreal work , Mordeth 's premature escape from Aridhol , the Black Sisters ' uprising , and the ending itself were all on my ` do n't like ' list .
 Mac Fun Pack was the right games but I did not realize myhusband had up dated his computer to Mac OSX and the GameI ordered was for Mac OS . I Thought I was going to surprisehim because he really was interested in the golf game morethan any other game . I guess thats life for you . I guess theydo n't make the Mac Fun Pack for OSX.I was pleased with the service and everything was asadvertised . As I said at the beginning I Goofed .
 Do n't waste you money!The speaker is low quality . Poor sound.Futhermore , you can not speak and listen at the same time.Not worth it !
 What he said . Nice idea , though.I hated earphones & headsets .
 It works ok at first then the speaker craps out after about a week . I sent it back to NYCO they replaced it and the speaker craped out again after a few days . I gave up and now just use the Microsoft headset which has its own flaws but it still works at least .
 This disc sounded like it would be fantastic . Over 500 of the greatest computer games . When I got it however , I found that it 's nothing more than a collection of cheap shareware with ads popping up and signs always trying to sell you something else . In addition , it says right on the package that it 's consistent with Windows XP but it 's not . After installing several of the games I tried to open them only to be faced with a popup that says
 Scanned the CD before loading and anti-virus found a level 1 Trojan in the program . Also , CD looks like a pirated . Dont buy this -LRB- or anything else from this vendor -RRB- .
 This years Madden 2005 is a pretty cool game . I just wish they would improve the graphics like in ESPN NFL 2k5 . The heads on the players look like really big dead ballons in relation to their body size and the crowd animations and grass textures are just plain ugly . As always , the Madden series has excellent gameplay and slick menu systems . John Madden 's play by play is really cool . If the developers could improve the graphics this game would be awesome . I like my video games to look as realistic as possible like Doom 3 or Ghost Recon 2 . Madden has the gameplay now they have to improve and update the graphics .
 I was expecting more changes in this years version of Madden 2005 from the last years version of madden 2004 . If you have Madden 2004 there is no need to buy 2005 . They really did n't make that many changes to the game . I think ESPN2k5 is off the chain and it blows Madden 2005 out of the water .
 This game is simply dreadful . Reading from past reviews I am thankful I am not the only one who beleives this . AI is horrible ! The computer side can come out of a 24-0 shutout with 3:00 minutes left in the fouth quarter . I mean , come on , it is impossible ! The same game is great for the Nintendo DS , but not for the consoles at all . Try and buy ESPN NFL 2K5 !!
 All true sports fans are eagerly anticipating the debut of Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in October of 2005 as TNA comes to Spike TV -LSB- The Only Network for Men -RSB- Do n't waste your time on STUPID F * UCKING FOOTBALL !!!!!!!! Wrestling , true wrestling is ... is ... Oh who am i kidding , TNA sucks , watch WWE !!!!!!!!
 I Know there will be some die-hard madden fans that will still buy this , but i think anyone with half a brain will be buying ESPN 2k5 ... better graphics , and they wanted it more -LRB- heh -RRB- ... unless maddens price drops that is
 I bought Madden 04 and I loved it , primarily due to the incredible new owner mode , but this year there 's a new football champ and his name is ESPN 2K5 . This game is amazing and it 's only 20 bucks ! Save yourself 30 bucks and go with the game that won best of show awards @ E3 . Sorry EA sports , you lose ! game over .
 I played Madden 2005 for about an hour and felt like I was playing Madden 2004 . The only changes made to the game were the new owner modes , minigames , play moral , etc. . Game play was bad . When players are running around after the play , they look like ballerinas . All the players move together . Graphics could have been a lot better . Players backs are too big , and hand movements are just plain bad . Players features are just way to boxy . Rent the game and save your money ... Another guy who fell for the hype .
 Madden has two things going for it
 It seems EA will never fix their obvious AI problems . Yet each year they add more gimmicks without fixing one of the main problems in their football game.I have n't bought Madden since Madden 03 , and I will not buy another Madden title until they fix the AI problems . I am sick of having CPU 's sub par running backs breaking 5 and 6 tackles on 3rd and 6 just so they can get a first down . QBs breaking tackles from LBs who outweight them by 100 pounds . How about the CPU always allowing your CB 's to be out of position when the CPU passes the ball , and on top of that , they slow the CB down to give the receiver a better chance to catch the ball ! Sub par receivers making leaping one handed catches in tight coverage while getting hit . Passes going through defenders ' bodies , helmets , hands , legs , arms etc. to end up in the receiver 's hands . Balls changing direction in mid air just so the receiver can catch it . The CPU intentionally making tacklers dive in the opposite direction you expect them to , turning a would be minimal 2 or 3 yard gain into a maddening 20 yard gain . Your defenders all seem to be conntected by a string so if you go in and dive to make a sack and miss -LRB- and most of the time you will miss or the QB will miracously break the tackle -RRB- , your defender who is guarding the intended receiver , will automatically dive too if you switch to him , resulting in a BS 50 + yard TD pass . The CPU automatically moving your linemen across the line on 3rd and 10 , to give the offense a free 5 yard and then the CPU gets exactly 5 yards on the next play . CPU QB 's getting off perfect passes while having a LB inches from taking him down.If your offense you have to deal with your all star 95 + rated receivers dropping wide open passes . All star QBs throwing balls out of bounds . All star RB 's fumbling at the worse possible time . You lineman are moved across the line by the CPU and you get flagged for a false start . Your linemen miss obvious blocks so big gains are rare in a close game . Your QB automatically tucks the ball and takes a sack if a defender is 10 feet away , while the CPU QB can get a perfect pass off while he 's being sacked almost . Psychic defense that almost always know what play your going to run . Refs almost always get in the way of your receiver when you absolutely need to convert a 3rd down.And who can forget the infamous comeback AI ? No lead is safe . Even if your up by 20 + points at the half , your better off running the clock out starting in the 3rd quarter because the AI will do any and everything to get the lead and screw you ; that includes your offense fumbling the ball , receivers dropping wide open passes , refs constantly calling clipping and holding on you after you get a good punt return or big gain . Refs calling you for face mask penalties or pass interference after you stop the CPU on third down so the CPU can get a free first down , bad calls in the final two minutes of the game so you ca n't challenge.On special teams I have seen where I was lined up for the game winning field goal and I see my play clock is about to run out , so I call a timeout with 2 seconds left on the clock . The screen signals that I called a timeout , but a few moments after I call a timeout , the ref throws a flag AFTER the timeout was called . and I get pushed back five yards . Talk about a LATE whistle . Another occasion the CPU punted to me , and the ball CLEARLY went out of bounds at the 35 yard line . It was way beyond the side line and in fact nearly to the end of the thick white line ; however the ball bounced back in bounds and the CPU downed it at the 21 yard line . I was so shocked , that I saved the replay . No matter what this CPU does to screw me , they always do one better everytime I play the game.I have experienced these things and more in Madden . More so on defense . while these problems certainly do n't happen in every game , it happens on average every other game . Sometimes the CPU will cheat on every single down making it impossible to win . Most of the time however , I can usually still win in spite of the cheating , it is still very frustrating when the CPU can constantly pull 60 , 70 and 80 YD TD passes out their a $ $ just so the game will be close . This ruins the experience of an otherwise fun game . I still play 2003 , because I want to at least get my money 's worth and play all 30 seasons while drafting college players from NCAA 2003 . After that , I will never even think about purchasing or playing another Madden or NCAA title again.For me , gone are the days that I rush out and buy the current year 's sports title . It is usually the same game as the previous one . However , if you absolutely want a football title this year , get ESPN , and while it has its problems too , it is certainly a much better deal being only 20 bucks versus 50 bucks for Madden.Since the folks at EA are shaking in the fear of a little competition from ESPN , they have decided to purchase the NFL liscense exclusively for themselves so no other companies can make NFL games . Because of this I suppose I wo n't be buying any football titles for the next 5 years . Even IF EA fixed their obvious game problems during these 5 years , I STILL would n't buy Madden or NCAA ever again . I do n't even know if I will buy another EA game period . I am sorry I just ca n't support any company that buys their way out of competition . So long EA !
 This is the last time I buy Madden for the Xbox . Every year the programmers make numerous errors . Last year Eric Johnson of the Raiders had the picture of the Johnson on the 49ers . This year several of the Raiders have the wrong position and you are unable to change the players position even in francise mode . Since when has Tyler Brayton played linebacker even in the Raiders new 3-4 defense he still plays defensive end . Adam Treu does not play guard but at least you can change his position to center . Also Doug Gabriel who was on the 2004 game is suddenly absent . Chris Hetherington and Brad Badger are missing . I wonder why most of the players position are locked in . This is a mistake especially if the player has the wrong position . Also previous Madden games always freeze up when your playing and I have had my punter come out and punt on first down at the other teams goal line this can be very annoying .
 I have purchased and enjoyed every Madden title until this one . Do not believe the hype that is behind it . Either stick with 2004 or get NFL 2K5 . I would suggest renting the game before even considering buying . I am glad I kept my receipt .
 Well , as my title hints , my outlook on the Madden series has taken a beating because of this title . I will however be as fair as I can in my review.Pros : * The general joy of a football game . * -LRB- minorly -RRB- Improved graphics . * Playmaker is always appreciated . * Updated rosters , and stats.Cons : * Glitches , oh so many glitches . Examples : - Opposing Quarterbacks can turn and through perfect bullet passes even under insane pressure.-Opposing Quarterbacks throwing passes perpendicular to their arms movement.-Fumble problems , I `` fumbled '' the ball when my player was lifted and only the ball hit the ground and not his body . I believe that is the definition of the ground forcing the fumble . When I challenged it the play standed as a fumble.-No Pass Interference . I do n't know if this is just us , but we have never seen a PI called on either side.-Hurry up offense cancels all injuries incurred by the offense in the last play . * Unrealistic `` comeback '' drives for CPU player . A team that could n't complete a pass for their life in the first 3.5 quarters , suddenly have practically perfect throws and catches on offense . * No hurdle ?!? It was very helpful when running , it should be put back in . * Radio news , does n't change at all until you play your next game , so if your like me and trade alot every week or two , you get VERY tired of hearing the same thing , over , and over again.This may still sound very biased against Madden , but I was a hard-core Madden fan , -LRB- just ask my family how many of the Madden titles I have bought -RRB- I was very disappointed with this title , due to the lack of improvements , and several problems added . However , I will still buy the next Madden , but if its anything like this one was glitch-wise , I will look for another football game to spend my money on .
 this game stinks . it is a football sim but somehow manages to take the fun out of the game . do not waste your money on this . i would recommend nfl 2k5 instead for a lot less money and a lot more fun . madden 2005 has been micro-managed to the point that the game simply is not fun to play . i mean does it really matter to most players how much a hot dog costs at a game ? how should that really determine how your team plays . i wasted money on a madden game and i later sold it because i realized that the franchis was over hyped . please do n't waste your money on madden 2005 .
 Look i am a die hard Madden Lover . I have been playing this game for a long time I mean years . Madden has come a long way but ESPN is better . I had to see it to believe it . The graphics are so much better . The detailed motion of the QB throwing the ball . The game has Sports Center on it . Madden has not changed that much except the Feild Goals and the hit stick which you have to time just right to be effective . I just dont think Espn is better beacuse of the price cause I have been so faithful to madden for so long that the game could have been 80 dollars and I would have still got it . Espn just won this year but madden will be back . So if you are a die hard madden fan get it but for fun and true football fans get the ESPN
 not the game people say it is . long live lexington steele !! his perch puts others to shame .
 when we got the game it was severly scrachted and has never been played !!!!!!!!!!!!!! a waste of 20.00 !
 This WAS the greatest sports game because you could play it the way the game is seen on TV -- that is with seats at or near the fifty yard-line . NOBODY wants endzone seats , but that is what this game has FORCED on everybody who plays it . There 's no Demo View anymore . -LRB- No side view even . -RRB- In the old game , you could play on DEMO view , and if you knew anything about football , you could read the plays , know where your best players would be on a pass play , or a run play , and run the play according to its design . So it was like actually watching a game in action , but you controlled the plays and the action . It was a great game . Not anymore . I wo n't play it and I hope I can get my money back . I do n't want to watch my games from the endzone , thank you very much . What 's worse , is ESPN NFL 2K5 is n't available on the gamecube . So I guess I 'm stuck playing the old Madden NFL 2004 .
 Hey , what happened to Demo view ? This game was so good because it bothered to make it look like a real football game on the TV . That 's gone . So 's any chance I 'll buy this game . I 'm off to ESPN .
 Hype . That 's the name of the game with EA Sports . And yet , none of their current titles can compare to the ones released by ESPN and Sega . This is no exception . Oh sure , it 's got great tunes from Franz Ferdinand and Green Day , but ca n't you hear those on the radio?OOOH ... it has Tony Bruno . Yippee.Madden is an annoying old blowhard , and his comments are just as annoying as ever.And the graphics and gameplay are a JOKE.Avoid .
 Im 15 years old . I think that this is the worst football game sinse 2000 . Not because of the graphics , their great , or because of all the new features either there also great , except one . John Madden thought that it would be a great idea to have no choice on if you want or do n't want to have the salary cap turned off . Now usually I play for the first couple years with a salary cap , like i did this year , but I found out that after I played 2 years of my season I could n't play because I was 30,000,000 dollars in the hole and I did not have any created players , and they were all average players . I play with the vikings . The only people on that roster that have big salaries are Moss and Culpepper . Why does n't madden get rid of that AI . thing , that is the dumbest thing on the game . I sure hope Madden doesnt do that again next year or I wont be buying his game .
 if you like sterile , dull , by-the-book football you 'll love this game.it is boring , very REAL - which takes all the excitement out of it.even for $ 30 its too much . ea has gone generic with its game , hence all the bad reviews from gamespot.com lately.i find madden too boring especially when compared to espn 2k5 . but if you like being a sucker like most of you do , judging from all the copies sold , buy this . you will truely be ea 's fool .
 I think that THIS GAME SUCKED u know nba live is the better game and i think that it sucked that they took out creat a coac , when the coaches actually matter now , DINT GET ME WRONG i like and bought the game , but i think that the orice was outragous , compared to ESPN i think that the better buy is NBA LIVE2004 ! IT IS BETTER THAN this GAMEGO ANDY REED AND gYYY RANT
 i cant belive you guys got ripped . ok first its not the game that sucks the game kicks ass . its that i cant beilve you ppl bought this version . for a extra 5 bugs you could have got the collecters addition that is way better . more games like madden classics and some of the ps1 games . and a hours worth of movies . it is a really cool game and it was worth the money . i give collecters addition 5 starts . but the regular virsion 1 star . you got ripped .
 i got this game as a present for my birfday . i really do n't like it.it is too boring and gets old fast . i am going to sell it and get espn 2k5 instead.ALL PRAISE TO ALLAH !!!
 MADDEN HAS GOTTEN BORING AND STALE . ITS TOO GENERIC . WHY PAY -LRB- ... -RRB- FOR A NEW GAME EVERY YEAR WHEN THE ONLY THING UPDATED IS THE ROSTER . WELL , BECAUSE THERE ARE PLENTY OF SUCKERS OUT THERE.THANKS TO THE SUCKERS , EA HAS GOTTEN REALLY RICH . THANK YOU SUCKERS , BECAUSE THERE IS A FOOL BORN EVERY 10 SECONDS , EA WILL KEEP DOING THE SAME THING . AND THE FOOLS BUYING THIS GAME WILL KEEP BUYING THE SAME GAME .
 madden is the stupidest -LSB- ... -RSB- game ive ever played . it is so -LSB- ... -RSB- repeated every year maybe a couple of changes . -LSB- ... -RSB- i could buy madden 2001 and keep it for 5 years and be satisfied -LSB- ... -RSB- just -LSB- ... -RSB- . and john madden is the most annoying announcer ive ever heard . buy NFL 2k5 much better choice
 sort of dull . this is just like madden 2004 on offense but the defense is a little better . its not worth $ 30 but its worth about 20 dollars . personally , i like 2k5 nfl better but its all a matter of taste .
 I am taking my time to write a honest review about this game . If you are those kind of people who like games who resemble the real life then this game is not for you.The NEGATIVES -LRB- which are more then the positives by the way -RRB- . * IN real life when teams are on offense most of the time DEFENSES get tired . Well , in madden 2005 and 2006 that is not the case , if your offense is on the field most of the time your offense gets tired and their defense gets stronger . * When the computer wants to score there is NOTHING you can do . Even If your CB is covering , the ball will go through his body and the WR will catch it -LRB- i have never seen that in other games like ESPN -RRB- . * As we all know in MADDEN players are rated by an overall number . IN madden 2005 and 2006 for example if your defense is agains the computer you have a big disadvantage one single offensive linemen can block 3 -LRB- 99 overall -RRB- players of your defense . * The most ridiculus part of this game is when a CPU player is running in one direction and then accelerates in the ooposite direction and tackles your player and the block at the same time.I can keep going on and on and tell you why after 5 minutes this game is not fun anymore , but the negatives are so many that I would need days to review this games -LRB- 2005 and 2006 -RRB- . If you ask yourself why am I including madden 2006 in my review ? I do it because i have a friend who is a game tester and he told me that the gameplay of Madden 2006 is exactly the same as the 2005 . Personally i am done with the MADDEN series until thye re-disign the gameplay and it resembles more to real life .
 Well , I 've waited , bought and played Madden 2005 collector 's edition . Unfortunately , I 'm not too impressed with it 's output this season.Graphically , the game looks pretty good . The players are relatively detailed , but the fields are n't as sharp as I 'm accustomed to . I tend to love ESPN 's graphics a lot more , but in reality , I like good playability over everything else.The offense is n't supposed to be too overpowering this season , though I 'm putting up almost 38 points a game with a lackluster Ravens offense . Pass deep , lead the reciever , and it 's a TD . The running game gets stuffed a lot easier this year , as the defenses are pretty nasty on the line , it 's just unfortunate that the secondaries are garbage.The defense has been tuned up nicely , and hitting a running back three yards behind scrimmage is a blast . The hits are pretty serious . Again , the deep passing game is still a joke , as most d 's get burned.I have n't gone online yet , as I 'm just not impressed with the game overall , so I really have n't bothered too much with it . I 'm sure the online capabilities are just as good as always , but I can not be sure.The presentation of the games is pretty weak . It has no television feel , and it 's the same Michaels/Madden dribble from the last three or four years , so if you 've heard maddenisms in the past , be sure to have them repeated over and over and over again . The replays throughout the game happen during the play selection , which means you can watch them , but your play clock ticks away . If you choose a play , the replay ends . Like I said , no television feel.Overall , Im pretty un-impressed with the gameplay , and will definitely be trying ESPN 's foray into the 2005 season , as I 've always been very impressed with their graphics , sound and playability.If you 're a diehard Madden owner , this game will probably satisfy you . Unfortunately , the franchise has not gotten better over the past few years , and this attempt shows it .
 Having played Madden 2005 and ESPN 2K5 for awhile , I really begin to get a sense of dread now that EA has the exclusive rights to the NFL . Now I fear EA will really rest on its laurels and not push it like SEGA did . To me , ESPN 2K5 is what a great football game should be . . Great graphics , realistic play and physics , and a high fun factor . Madden 2005 plays , AGAIN like the ones that came before , there 's no distinction between them . The running game is so lacking , it 's just not as enjoyable as ESPN 's . Passing to receivers is more like dart throwing , just too arcade like . It also has numerous incidents of what I call `` AI Cheats '' , not glitches but deliberate goofs that irritate and suspend the belief that this is a real football sim . ESPN has very little of these flaws . In 2K5 , if you were down field , past all defenders , about to score a TD , no player could catch and tackle you , as in real life . But Madden is packed with players with superhuman speed and strength that will run you down from way back . . it 's a joke . I think Madden '05 should be at least where ESPN is at this point and then advance from there . I guess we 'll have to wait and see how they do with ' 06 . I hope it 's not more of remaining the same .
 I admit it , I have something of an ulterior motive in rating this game so low . It 's a good football game , really it is . However , after playing EA Sports titles for the past decade , I 've discovered a football game I like much better . Unfortunately , because of EA and the NFL 's greed , exclusive rights to NFL licensed products has been granted ... meaning we will not get an ESPN NFL 2K6 game . Hence , I will no longer be playing EA titles . For any serious gamers out there that welcome competition among our titles , thus ensuring that the best products are available , join my in my boycott . Like I said earlier , I prefer the bulk of EA 's sports titles to the ESPN brand . However , I think their NHL and NFL products are surperior to EAs . But I 'll no longer have a choice in NFL products . I 'm not happy with either EA or the NFL .
 I have been playing Madden since Sega Genesis days and I 've always considered it to be the best football game out there . Every year , EA has brought graphical and gameplay improvements to the table , except for this years offering . Madden 2005 's major failing is its graphics . The players helmets reflect light a bit too much making them look transparent or invisible at times . The player and coach models look nothing like there human counterparts . The cheerleaders have been reduced to trashy looking crack ho 's wearing ugly half-crop t-shirts and wrinkled shorts . Glitches are also plentiful . If you use a spin move into a defender , not only does your body pass through the defenders body , but a frequent glitch will warp you about 5 yards downfield faster than any player could possibly run . I have never experienced such weird glitches with spin moves in any game . Another glitch ; when the defensive line takes a three point stance , I see thier body shrink and grow via framerate glitches . It is just awful . The defensive tools added this year are way overhyped and confusing . The hit stick seems gimicky . Hot routes have not been improved on offense . Good running plays where a half-back follows blocks from a fullback have been eliminated . Now the fullbacks run away from the play unless you manually control them . Senseless ! The running game seems to have more body-pass-through glitches than any previous year and tackles look as lame as ever when viewed in replay mode . A defender should wrap up a runner with his arms but they do n't get that detailed . I really have nothing good to say about this game , so I 'll stop there . Stick with Madden 2004 or switch to ESPN for a good football gaming experience .
 Worse graphics than 2004 . Worse controls than 2004 . Crazy AI that does n't make the game anymore fun just more frustrating . Seems slugish at times . Do n't waste your money go pick up last years copy of 2004 if you do n't have it or pick up ESPN2K5 both are way better .
 This is the same game that you get every year with a new dumb thing and an updated roster . If you need a football game that badly , then get ESPN , only $ 20.00 . bu you are still getting a bad deal .
 OK SO EA IMPROVES THE MADDEN SERIES BY 10 % EVERY YEAR AND PEOPLE ACTUALLY BUY THE NEW GAME EVERY YEAR . WHY ?? JUST BUY LAST YEARS FOR A COUPLE OF DOLLARS INSTEAD OF BUYING A NEW EDITION EVERY YEAR . FOR EXAMPLE , THIS GAME IS ACTUALLY SO DULL I PLAYED FOR ABOUT 3 DAYS AND SOLD IT . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . WHAT A WASTE OF CASH . MY IMPRESSION IS THAT ITS TOO STERILE ... IF THAT IS REALISTIC THEN WELL , THATS OK .
 well i have only played madden at a friends house a couple times , and it disgusts me that people say this game is so great just because its madden and ea made it . espn came out of left field this year and just crushed madden . madden has no running game , but if you just air out hail maries all game , your receivers always catch it and take it in for the score . in espn , you can break out some great runs , and the passing game is very difficult . the franchise in espn is incredible , and managing a cap is very difficult . everyone complains about the offseason , but i think its great . whatever floats your boat i guess . espn has an amazing presentation , from the berman half time show to the weekly sportscenters and draft special , it all adds to the experiance.its sad to think that this will be one of the last non ea football games maybe ever , but its good to go out on a good note . with the new deal ea made , we probably wont see any other football games for a hell of a long time .
 Although the Madden games are great for the other consoles , the GameBoy Advance version is terrible . I realize that I ca n't expect as much from the GameBoy version as I do the other versions , but this was a great disappointment.First , the graphics are horrible . I 've played Zelda and the Mario Bros games , which show the potential that the GameBoy Advance has , but this game falls far short . Its so bad , that I can barely tell what is going on while I play.Second , the gameplay is extremely choppy . When I am running the ball , it seems as though I skip over sections of the field at times . It is also very difficult to tell where the ball is when all the players get jumbled together making it difficult on defense to tackle the person with the ball.Overall , I think that the GameBoy Advance screen is to small to support a game like this . The graphics are bad , making it hard to tell what is going on and therefore difficult to play . Spend your money on the classics like Zelda , Metroid , and Mario Bros. . Those games seem to work better with this smaller console .
 The game is fun but the graphics are lame compared to the nintendo ds . It is also priced high for its bad graphics
 ok lets take a jurney into spy kids mega mission zoneone of the shortest stupedis most frustrating games ever releasd EVER !!!!!!!!!! . no serisly this game was met for 9 and 10 year olds and im 12 and this is the hardest game ever.even thow the graphics are in the avrige range the sound and vidio quality are great ! to be perifcly onest i ownly got this game becuss it works on my mac ! and i got exacly what i expected.ok lets get off that subject and onto the missions thare count it 3 types of missions raceing , platforming , boss -LRB- puzzle -RRB- . racethe aim at these missions is to get your boat or magnet thing to the end of the cource with out crashing medimplatformfrustraiting nuff said the goal is to get somting then to bring it someware ... be prepaird to toss your keybord out the f *** ing window !!!!!!! puzzlethese are more like boss levles then an puzzle these are easy and crapstelf ya forgot these mostly becuss thay are th only fun part in the gameand thats wye this game gets an two out of 5 ******************** end **********************
 I think the title says it all . My 9 and 6 year old did n't find it interesting at all . They became frustrated with it almost immediately .
 I was expecting alot from this game , but was disappointed . Some parts are cool , but for the most part this game does in no way compare to the film .
 That 's only if you play games once every two months . If you are a hard-core or even casual gamer you can easily win in 4 hours . Yes , this game is very short . But shortness is only one of the many factors contributing to a once good idea gone amuck.Story
 - Ok Graphics-Horible Gameplay-Million of Gliches-Very short-You battel spiders ! - Nothing to do with movie-Wast of $ 39.99-DO NOT BUY THIS GAME .
 What I thought I was ordering was a Madcatz-brand gold-plated PS3 component cable , like the one in the product image.What I received was an obviously cheap knockoff cable with no brand , plain connectors , and a plug that almost would n't fit into my PS3 . False advertisement at its finest.The quality of the image when using this plug is terrible . You can literally see each individual color as a separate band ghosting across the screen.Don ' t be fooled
 The seller himself was good but the product proved differently . I got it broken , it never worked .
 Seller sent an EU version with a different case than the one pictures -LRB- seen elsewhere with a gold `` Best Seller SERIES '' label -RRB- . Nowhere on this Warcraft III Frozen Throne product page do I see it mentioned that it 's the UK version . In the seller 's feedback they have been doing the same thing on several games . On other games they have a brief `` Uk ver '' blurb buried in some text about the packaging . Be careful buying from 3rd parties on Amazon , too many of the 3rd party sellers pull shady tricks like this , especially if the prices is abnormally low compared to the more official looking product listing .
 i bought this game for my husband thinking it was just the game , because no where does it say it 's an expansion to Warcraft III or that you need the full version of Warcraft III to play it . We were very upset when it got here and it said Expansion pack on the cover . The description should be more precise . He 's has played this game before and loves it , it 's a great game !! Can anyone tell me if the Warcraft III
 When I was in grades 6th through 8th jedi knight and mysterious of sith was my life , especially multiplayer . My buddy that i used to play against burnt me a copy of this and told me to try out the new and improved . And I am . I am glad that he burnt it for me cause there was no way i was gon na pay for this thing . I remember jk and mots and i remember that it wasnt as impossible as this , hell it took me 3 hours to past the second level . I like shooter-er-upers but not when you have 50 stormtroopers on you to AT-St 's and you have keep your allies alive or the missions over . Kinda impossible espcially since none of your weapons are able to knock the AT-ST out . Beside that JK was fun cause it had fun levels to it something new and exploering . These levels are similair to MOTS where they are boring and plain and every room has 100 stormtroopers for you to kill so you can go on and fight another 100 in the next room , then backtrack to go find a key that will open one door that you cant even find when you wan na get back . Plus you have to wait 5 levels for a lightsaber whats up with that ? JK it only took 3 levels boom you got it on in instant . Graphics are a plus ... if u have a computer card and -LSB- stuff -RSB- like that , well i dont , it runs well but like whenever 100 guards come at ya it slows a ... lot down , which is annoying ... Frankly I was pleased with the graphics in JK and MOTS and didnt think they needed improvement but what can ya do . Buy if ur a big fan but just go get JK or MOTS or even the original Dark Forces .
 I guess the first thing i 'll say is that I got Jedi Academy BEFORE I got this game . I was HUGELY dissaponted . I really liked Jedi Academy but this game is not that great . I have cheat codes so I can have all wepons and all amo and I can be undying . There are partes in this game that are INSAINLY tought . There are way to many puzzles - I do n't mind puzzles but there are simply way to many . And some on them are insainly hard . I would recomend you to get Jedi Knight
 If you love watching Jedi battles then pick this one up its great however in the first few levels you dont get lightsabers you get them a bit later and Ill tell you this is one really long game good story you get to fight along side with lukeskywalker or Lando.Not to mention the force powers from lightning to lightsaber throw mindtrick push and more so you can think of multiple ways for taking out your enemysThe multiplayer is very fun tons of games and levels and gamemodes pick from tons of charecters and pick what color you want your lightsaber to be.Playing Capture the flag with lightsabers is alot of funSo if you own a Computer , PS2 , Gamecube , or an Xbox and you like lightsabers then order this game right now
 THIS GAME ... is the biggest waste of money I have ever spent . I absolutely love Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II . That is one of the best games I have ever played . So I had understandably high expectations for Jedi Knight II
 This game should really be called SWITCH FLICKER : Jedi Outcast 2 . I may only be ten , but I know video games.I ` ve been playing games since I was two years old!All you really do is run around pressing identicle swithces !! Sure you get to be a Jedi , but this game SUCKS!The only reason I gave this junk a 2 is because it has OK graphics .
 At first I thought this game would be fun , but the first level was very hard . It took two weeks to the first level not to mention the puzzles and hidden switches in every single level . The cutscene looks terrible . There are somethings I like about this game like the lightsaber , weapons and the storyline . The multiplayer is even more terrible if you have a 56K modem . I 'm a star wars fans but I have to say this game could have been better . If you have to choose from Jedi starfighter or Jedi outcast , I recommend Jedi Starfighter .
 Being an avid gamer of First Person Shooter type games I have to say that Jedi Outcast is one of the worst . While visualy stunning the game itself is difficult to play . Even with the difficulty setting at 2 -LRB- out of 4 -RRB- many parts of the game are hard to progress through without having to save every five seconds . Getting killed in the same spot for the 20th time gets outright frustrating and takes away from the cinematic feel of the game.This game also has a few glaring bugs . At the end of one of the levels , one of the characters gets stuck in place , causing the game to reach a stalemate situation that wo n't let you finish the level . Given that quite a few people have had this same problem , it makes me wonder if the game testers did their job as thoroughly as they should have . Most games are entertaining enough that I do n't use cheat codes until the very end but I found myself playing in `` god '' mode after the second level . If you really want to enjoy this game and `` keep going '' through the entire adventure , then use the cheat codes . At least that way it 's more like an interactive movie where the hero is bullet proof and never dies .
 `` Jedi Outcast '' is the third installment in the outstanding `` Dark Forces '' series . Sadly , it is also the first misfire . `` Dark Forces '' and `` Dark Forces 2
 This game made me he maddest I have ever been in my entire life ! Why ? Well , in the first third of the game all you do is walk around shooting people . Plus , you have to figure out insanely difficult puzzles that you would never figure out unless you had a strategy guide . After about 4 + hours of gameplay , you get your lightsaber . And then it 's fun for a while ... . until you get to the parts where you have to fight 100 guys at a time . THIS GAME IS HARD !!!!!!!!!!!! It took me 6 HOURS to complete 1 lightsaber level ! I had to load my saved game at least 200 times . This is no exageration . Every time I moved , I was shot dead .
 All I have to say bout this game is that it is fun for a couple hours once you get your lightsaber . There are some fun levels and special effects are great but ... . now the con - no real replayability , once I finished it , which did n't take too long , I did n't want to play it again , and the multiplayer is n't much better than the first jedi game ... I recommend waiting for Knights of the old republic to come out if you really want to lightsaber duel . Also Star Wars Galaxies is coming out in January and will be a great online RPG - with space wars and light saber battles .
 LucasArts STOLE MY MONEY!this is one of the worst games i 've bought in 4 years . Although the graphics may be fancy thats about it . The game play is terrible , the levels are dry , and the animations are choppy -LRB- even on my P4 256ram !!!! -RRB- . Its like the only thing they focused on was pretty still pictures to lure unsuspecting gamers with screan shots . This game is JUST NOT FUN!In addition to these problems there are hundreds of bugs in this version . I believe that they released this game way to early and I would not buy this product ! Save your money and please stop supporting everything they stamp a star wars logo on!STARWARS stamped across the box can not justify such a terrible game .
 This game was a total disappointment to me . I loved all the other Star Wars games but this one is different . The graphics a pretty bad and the frame rate tends to slow down quite a bit . I do n't have a brand new computer but its not that old and has been upgraded a few times and the game is still bad . I ca n't even stand looking at the grapics and all the flaws it looks like a playstation 1 game almost . Now if you have a brand new ... -LSB- expensive -RSB- computer than get the game other wise for get it . I can honestly say I am a huge Star Wars fan , but I played this game for like 3 mins or less and was sick of everything ex . the controls , the game play , the slow downs , and I could go on and on ...
 I have played the first jedi knight , and I thought that it was freakishly horrific . You other people do n't have a clue what you are talking about , but I do . I have the PC Gamer magazine that talks about this game , and it looked pretty bad to me . Plus , I do n't like the way Raven makes the game
 Came in a CD plastic case , thought it was a cardboard box ... For the low price I do n't mind the misrepresentation .
 While being a fan of Star Wars and first-person 3D action games , I would say I expected more . I 've got the first Jedi Knight and the Mysteries of Sith expansion and liked them a lot . Those I would rate to five stars since the playability and overall quality is proven , I kept playing them over and over again even if I had already played them through . And actually I 've played the first in series , the Dark Forces , which was pretty good game also and was indeed a driving force for me to buy the first Jedi Knight game -LRB- aka Dark Forces II -RRB- . So why only two stars to game that has had so glorious reviews from all over the scene ? Two reasons
 This game is basically a clone of Age of Empire . Depending on how much you like AOE , you can stand on either side of the issue . Honestly , I did n't like AOE II , which is what I played before Galactic Battleground , so my feelings on the latter game will be equally harsh.In case you were wondering , yes , I am a Star Wars fan , which was the main reason why I bought the game in the first place . Keep in mind that I also believe that I have not played a superior RSG since Starcraft , which in my opinion is far more fun and `` smarter '' then those two games mentioned.Now that we got that out of the way , here 's my 2 cents on the subject matter : This game suffers the same problems as AOE , one is mediocre graphics . The lanscape and characters appear flat and visually uninspiring . Laser blasts from weapons look like color ribbons going across your screen . There 's also a lack of cinematic scenes throughout the game , which is the same in AOE , all you ever get here is a replay of couple cinematic shots from the actual Star Wars movie in the beginning , and some story boards in between the missions to describe the mission scenarios . Kind of boring to me.The AI is also unimpressive , which I thought also plagued the gameplay of AOE . Units have to be micromanaged , meaning they would n't know what to do by themselves if you did n't command them almost individually every waking second . Units are not `` smart '' so to speak . The ones in Starcraft could run away if they are attacked and too weak to retaliate . Units there also operate strategically once you command them to , which is not the case in Galactic Battlegrounds . And what is up with most ground units not being able to shoot at the air units ? That 's just plain annoying . You have laser pistols and rifles , not rocks!Overall I was not very moved by this game . If you love AOE , then you might love Galactic Battlegrounds , but be advised that you might end up just playing AOE but with Star Wars units and a different storyline . I really do n't think Lucas put too much creative input into the development of this game , other than to just give the entire project to the AOE team , who basically made a AOE clone out of it . I guess I was looking for more action and less time spent building an elaborate civilization . I 'm hoping for better offerings in the future . These guys can learn a lot from Blizzard , the developer of Starcraft .
 This game is based on the Age of Empires engine , and it shows . The excellent graphics and sound , unfortunately , are overcome by the same tedious micromanagement and endless click-repetition , that spoiled the fun of the original AOE games . By the time the first mission was over , I was so sick of herding stray men back to the group -LRB- while my main group stood passively by , absorbing and being cut down by enemy fire -RRB- , that I uninstalled it . The thing that set Starcraft apart from the group was its ease of play , smooth interface and balance - you could experience the thrill of building a base and then crushing your opponent with overwhelming firepower , without worrying about endlessly sending the same man out to harvest food over and over . A single click with a Starcraft character would send it harvesting minerals until you told it otherwise . In SWGB -LRB- and AoE -RRB- , you have to keep clicking over and over to harvest food and other necessities . Enemy -LRB- and friendly -RRB- AI , is essentially nonexistent , as your men depend entirely upon you for direction to do even the simplest tasks . It 's unfortunate , too , because I 've been waiting along time for a decent Star Wars RTS . Guess I 'll have to keep waiting .
 I was hoping this game ... even though it is on the same engine as Age Of Empires 2 ... would pull away from how slow and long AoE2 is . But no . Average game is like 45mins . I am more of a Star Craft player where you can beat someone in like 15mins ... 20 on avarage . Sure some game last an hour or 2 in SC but not ALL of them . I waited and waited for this game and even bought it somewhere in it 's 1st month of shelf like ... disappointment .
 Do n't be fooled by the looks of this sorry excuse for a game . I bought it and played it for 2 days and chucked it . It has the WORST !!! Graphics out of any game I 've played . Might as well get Barbie Sea Adventures . Trust me on this one . it stinks .
 I was really looking forward to this game for months . Finally a Star Wars real time strategy game with the AOE engine . Boo Hoo -- I was disappointed with this game within minutes . It is too much like Age of Empires . The same old building up of unites and structures as well as gathering resources . VERY TEDIOUS . I think I would have been better off playing AOE II again . Get this - the graphics seem slightly worse than the two year old AOE II . If you want a real time strategy game in space stick with STARCRAFT .
 A game little more than an AOK -LRB- Age of Kings -RRB- mod . Counterstrike took Half-life farther than this one takes AOK . Here 's why its bad :1 . AoK Engine -LRB- Dated , took no progrmmaing -RRB- 2 . Graphics are TERRIBLE . When you have a guy move his feet stay in the same position .3 . Imbalance , planes are terrible everything can be destryoed by 1 massed unit . Everyone picks the same `` civilization `` 4 . Star Wars Name . This may seem like a good thing , but it show unoiginality , and will sell millions of copies just because of the name ...
 Picture this ; I am in a huge hurry to get this off my hard drive as it is a big disappointment ! I was looking forward to something new and this is what I get ?? Mid ninties graphics and tired RTS gameplay ! I ca n't imagine what they were thinking when they announce they were using an upgraded version of the AoE engine . Some may like this title , at least one can use the editor to design their own scenarios . I am waiting for Empire Earth and already own Battle Realms and will pitch this baby right out the door to get the stench out of my gaming room .
 This is the type of game you should n't buy because is a `` lemon '' to run on your PC just like Force Commander , I 'm a Star Wars fan and I 'm very dissapointed with all the `` strategy '' games from the Star Wars saga
 To the Aussie who was a little bit rude
 This game does n't make much sense in terms of the Star Wars universe . It was clearly made to be as similar to Age of Kings as possible . Yeah , it 's pretty cool to select some Tie Fighters and tell them to attack , or to move around an At-At , but I 'm sorry , Wookies , Naboo and Gungans are all lame . It suffers from all the same problems as Age Of Kings : - Really really slow action , where everything takes forever - Sound is really bad . It sounds sample from someone 's VHS copy of Star Wars - Missions are boring - Too many units - So many resources that you spend all your time making drones to chop down trees.Additionally : - The graphics are sub-par . The color palletes for things are not right and there 's a lot of dithering . It looks really bad . - Each `` race '' is essentially exactly the same as the others . All have basically the same units and tech , with minor differences to make it appear that they `` balanced '' the game.Do not buy this .
 I never bought this , but did download the online demo . Was that supposed to impress me ? ACK ! I would n't pay good money for this game . Like the editorial review says , the graphics are Outdated -LRB- EXTREMELY -RRB- and flat . I expect more from RTS games these days with folks like westwood setting the bar . This looks like a game you might have considered playing five years ago . I guess if you are a hardcore fan you 'll enjoy this , but I found the downsides to the game too much to consider shelling out any clams for the game . Gameplay is somewhat poor . Sounds quality is cheesy and sounds like it was lifted from a bad HBO copy of A New Hope.The box looks sharp , but do n't let it fool you , it is n't worth your time . Try JK II ; Outcast instead and wait till they decide to make a real Star Wars RTS .
 This game is an absolute waste of time ! Lucas Arts totally dropped the ball on this one . The game is a ... `` mod '' of Age of Empires . Bad graphics and micro-management have made it sadly unplayable . The entire game is spent slowly moving units around the map and cutting down trees . -LRB- Why do you need trees to build X-wing fighters anyway ?!?!? -RRB- Please save your money for a decent game like Return to Castle Wolfenstein . Maybe Lucas will pay everyone back for buying this stinker of a game ...
 I played this game . I have played a few other RTS games and this one really does not compare . I thought it was very dumb . I mean come on how can an infantry droid shoot over a wall?The only plus to this game was that the campaigns had an ok story.For a multiplayer RTS try Total Annilation .
 Star Wars
 * My ratings reflect how I compare this game to the 2004 game . If this was the only game I ever played , I might rate it higher.My disappointment comes from the fact that EA Sports ruined this game when compared to the 2004 game . I understand they want to add new things and not just come out with the exact same game every year , but I do n't like the fact that they changed the dynamics so much . There 's too many `` bells and whistles . `` My list of problems -LRB- Note that I only played this for roughly 30 total minutes -RRB- : The kicking meter is hard to read.The player 's movements seem less realistic.It 's too much like Madden . I enjoy the real college game better than the NFL and EA NCAA Football better than Madden.All the same historic teams . And I think the novelty of the mascot teams has worn off . Save the disk space for something more useful.The game SHOULD be the thing , not all the little graphics that are too distracting . It 's almost like going to a professional sporting event . -LRB- All the music , sounds , visuals , etc. -RRB- I 'm glad they got Tony Dorsett 's number right this time , but can someone please why we still do n't have Reggie Brooks on 1992 Notre Dame and why the great Army teams of the 1940 's are underrated and Doc Blanchard and Glenn Davis ' numbers are not correct?Closing
 In their constant efforts to update the franchise , EA Sports has taken a massive step back with NCAA 2005 . Sure , Stadium Pulse and Matchups are neat in a gimmicky kind of way , but in the real substantive areas , it is severely lacking . In previous versions , the Defensive backs have provided poor coverage and been worthless . In their efforts to improve this , EA has made the defense so difficult as to be completely unrealistic . I love throwing a pass to an open reciever , only to see him covered by 6 , count 'em 6 , defensive backs only seconds later . I 've never seen this happen in real football , and I doubt anyone else has either . Balls are constantly tipped and fly with completely unrealistic physics , and lead into even more glitches . The other night , the opposing defense tipped a pass of mine and batted it between them for a full 15 seconds . Good sports games are grounded in realism , and apparently the final quality assurance run at EA did not look for realism in their work . Do yourself a favor
 I enjoyed this game for a while playing single games , but once I turned to dynasty mode I started to notice problems.The first thing I notcied was that the statistics were all wrong . The most noticable was a game where I scored every drive , but the red zone statistics kept going down . This does n't matter so much with single games , but with a full season with a new team , you 're fighting for respect.Case in point , midway through the season , I was undefeated , had defeated two # 1 teams , but I was n't even in the top 25 in the coaches ' poll.The most frustrating thing , however , is when the game freezes up . Sometimes , it just does that randomly -- you get over the frustration of losing out on any records you 've broken , you play the game over , and you 're fine . But during both dynasties , it got to a point in the second season where the console always froze no matter how many times I replayed it , and it just got way too frustrating to be enjoyable anymore . I 've never had this problem with any other game , so I 'm sure it 's the game and not the console .
 I ordered this game as a Christmas gift and when my son went to play it , it is not the football game but a movie is on the disc instead . Has anyone else experienced this ? The movie is , 13 Going On 30 , and there is not a PS2 game on this disc . Needless to say I am trying to get my money back from the Amazon seller but this is extremely maddening . I do not understand how such a mistake could be made by the manufacturer and not caught .
 Disappointed with the new changes . I am a big fan of the EA College Football series and expected 2005 to be an improved version of the 2004 game . Not the case . While EA has added cool new features -LRB- described in other reviews on this site -RRB- , they made exiting parts of the game worse . Loads times are dramatically increased . The best offensive plays from the 2004 playbooks are not in the 2005 playbooks . Recruiting has been improved by new features and worsened by changes that have no apparent reason -LRB- perhaps so we 'll feel were getting an entirely different game -RRB- . The recruiting interface is dramatically worse -LRB- i.e. more cumbersome -RRB- . My message to EA would be `` we love EA college football , make it better not just different '' .
 Man , all I can say is that I am more than disappointed with NCAA 2005 in the gameplay department . And let 's face it , it does n't matter how many neat gadgets and gizmos you put along side something , the gameplay is the heart and soul of a game like this . It 's like buying a Lexus with all the perks -LRB- GPS , heated seats , XM radio , etc. -RRB- , then finding out you 've only got 50 hp under the hood ; sure the stuff in the interior is neat , but what I really bought the car for was to get me from point A to point B , and have some fun with the drive.I 've been playing NCAA since 1993 , when they came out with Bill Walsh football , and they 've had some down years here and there , but 2005 seems to be a BIG drop-off from NCAA 2004 . Like I said before , I feel more like I 'm playing Madden than NCAA.Things wrong with the gameplay :1 -RRB- It is very hard to create a turnover . I have many passes hit one of my guys in the hands , and they still do n't pick it off .2 -RRB- I have always prided myself in taking control of a player once the ball was in the air , and making a play on it , either offensively or defensively . But , YOU -LRB- the player -RRB- are basically penalized for taking control of either the receiver -LRB- if playing offense -RRB- , or the defensive back -LRB- if playing defense -RRB- once the ball is thrown . What I mean by this is that when you take control of the man trying to make the play , and you hit the `` catch '' or `` intercept '' button -LRB- or even the `` knock it away '' button -RRB- , you guy makes virtually NO attempt to catch , intercept or knock away the ball . He simply puts his hands in the air -LRB- does n't jump -RRB- , and if the ball does n't hit your guy perfectly , then the computer 's player has a chance to make the play . BUT , if you do NOT take control of the receiver , then he usually makes a tremendous looking play , and at least gets his hands on the ball , if not catch it . The same goes for DB 's . I was playing a friend the other night , and on one critical play , I tried to take control of the man nearest the WR , but was given the safety instead ... lucky me . The guy who I wanted would not have been anywhere close to making the play had I been given control of him , but the computer made the guy jump an outrageous height , and he batted the ball away , and almost intercepted his own deflection . It was an impossible play ... 3 . The offensive line blocking is , well , very offensive . The man your lineman is locked up with will easily slide off of the block and step into a hole that was wide open 1/10 of a second ago . This was also a problem in 2004 , but it is worse now . The only trick to keep this to a minimum is to NOT use the sprint button until the guy is in the open -LRB- which is a paradox ; if you see a hole , then you are SUPPOSED to sprint through it -RRB- . This will always be a probelem until they address the fact that blocking has more to do with angles and footwork than just hitting someone and dominating them .4 . Do n't even try passing the ball over the middle if the computer is in a zone . NCAA 2004 was bad about guys flying out of nowhere to make a play on the ball , but this year it is ridiculous . Your man can be wide open , and then all of a sudden the three guys in the zones nearest the intended receiver just fly to the ball and make an outrageous play like what I described above in # 2.5 . They messed up the playbooks , big time . I love the `` I '' formation , but there are barely any decent plays out of it . It almost seems that when they started creating plays for this game they just threw some patterns together and called it a play . You have guys bumping into each other and 2 receivers in the same area a lot of the time.Well , I guess I 've said my bit . I hope they make corrections , and take the game back to it 's roots next year -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . The new additions -LRB- home field , NCAA sanctions , expanded rosters , pick your own playbook , etc. -RRB- are really good , but like I said , with out the right gameplay , it 's just putting perfume on a hog . If they could combine most of NCAA 2004 gameplay with the new stuff from 2005 , then this would be an awesome game . Maybe that will happen in 2006 .
 I do n't know how many of the people that have reviewed this game so far have actually played it , but I think this is the most over-rated game I 've ever played . I 've been playing EA Football games since the original Madden for Super Nintendo , and the college games since they came out for Sega , and this is the most disappointing game I 've played yet . I think EA actually took a step backwards in 2005 as last year 's game is BETTER . There are cool new features like homefield advantage , larger rosters , and newer animations , but gameplay has fallen increadibly . It 's nearly impossible to run the ball at all . I 've probably played 10 games , and have yet to gain over 50 yards on the ground , most of the time I finish with negative yards , this is especially true if you 're not playing the computer . Computer and player passing is nearly impossible to stop , especially deep fly routes -LRB- do n't expect any INT 's either , no matter how bad the pass -RRB- . So expect games where every play matches up a shotgun set with a dime defense . Another huge dissapointment are the terrible screen passes , which were improved last year but which are useless again this year . For dynasty fans , recruiting is a nightmare . A new points system makes it impossible to get decent players , let alone good ones , and do n't expect to get enough players to fill your new 70 player roster either.Basically if you were a fan of the other NCAA football 's , you 're going to be greatly disappointed at the new game . If your more of a Madden fan where you just line up and throw the ball everydown and ca n't be stopped , then this is basically the same game with the same glitches as last year 's Madden . It actually feels like you 're playing Madden only with college players who are n't as good . The beauty of EA 's college games were that they were different from Madden . They actually played like a college game where turnovers occured , and teams could rush for 300 yards a game . Unfortunately EA has either forgotten this or has decided to go `` cheap '' and use Madden 's gameplay since there are no longer any more college games to compete against .
 The last version of NCAA football that I owned was 2003 which was great . My friend called me and said how great the game was so I rented it . 2005 added a few items to the game since '03 then but lost a lot in the process . They added a large number of 1AA teams to the game which I like but the memory it used doing it hurt the rest of the game . The gameplay is awful . The varsity level which used to be a challenge in the past installments is a joke -LRB- I beat Syracyse with Rutgers 48 to nothing -RRB- . The biggest issue with the game is that 70 % of all passes are dropped . So making a big passing play is almost impossible . I found running the ball to be too easy and my D would always dominate the other team .
 The major problem I had with 2004 was that there were too many 5 star players in the recruiting process and the teams that performed well enough , inked most of the five star recruits . The problem that created was that after about three or four seasons I began to notice the dominant teams that signed the bulk of those players were unbeatable . By the end of your seventh or eighth year , there were anywhere from 12 to 15 undefeated teams at seasons end . I have n't played 2005 enough to be positive that this problem has been fixed , but from just the first two seasons , it definitely appears so . There are actually upsets in 2005 . That 's about the only improvement I can name about 2005 . Another problem with 2004 was that all you had to do was draft a fast QB , roll out of the pocket , approach the line of scrimmage to draw in the linebackers and DB 's and then heave it downfield to your single covered receiver for a 40 yard gain . I was left hoping that EA would fix the defensive AI to recognize and defend that . Did I ever get what I asked for ! Overall , 2004 worked offensively . 2005 is an entirely different story . My QB usually completes about 20 percent of his passes , and I can never rush for over 50 YPG . Toggle the AI settings , someone suggested ? Even the worse teams will roll over my D and I still ca n't seem to complete a pass or run the ball , even with the defensive AI on the dumbest level . Sometimes I can move the ball well but usually end up punting or turning the ball over in my red zone . On the highest setting , all my games end about 10-7 , both teams under 100 yds total offense . On all-american , I score all the points and accrue all the offense with Baylor while OU gets battered by my unforgiving `` C + '' Defense . When you come out of your huddle , the AI defense is ALWAYS in the right formation . If you try to audible , the defense counters your audible before your guys even move ! So you throw a pass to a seemingly wide open receiver , here comes five supermans flying in to break up the play . You try to keep the ball on the ground , but the defensive linemen blow past your O line and are on you like stink on poop ! My favorite is when you 're running a sweep or an off tackle and your FB is in front of you and you see a beautiful run developing ... only to have Willie , Mike , or Sam effortlessly run right past your FB and smack the daylights out of you -LRB- Your FB does n't even make an attempt to block -RRB- . Or you have a great drive going and you penetrate the red zone , you get sacked 3 times and have to punt or you fumble the ball if you try to keep it on the ground . Ridiculous!Defensively , there were problems that were a problem in 04 but are dominant in 05 . It does n't matter what setting I am playing on . I can hold OU or Texas under 100 total yards of offense with the Baylor -LRB- C + -RRB- defense , while their defense holds my offense to the same figure . In my first season , I Had the # 117 ranked offense , and the best defense ever to grace the gridiron of Division 1-A Football . I held a top twenty five team -LRB- do n't remember who -RRB- to -63 rushing yards and 30 passing yards on all-american . That 's just not fun to me.I have beef in other areas of the game too , but would n't be able to fit it here . Suprisingly , I think EA is on the right track with this one , but major gameplay problems are the hindrance . I recently played NFL 2K5 from Visual Concepts . A flawed game no doubt , but a good one nevertheless . At the end of the game , all of the statistics and scores , everything , looked realistic . If EA could incorporate some of that realism into this NCAA franchise , it would no doubt be the best football game ever made .
 there is one thing it must have in 2005 if I 'm going to buy it.In Dynasty mode , when you create your schedule at the beginning of the year , you must play X number of games in your conference , and you ca n't change them . In 2003 , Michigan did not play Penn State or Wisconsin . So , even if I play 20 years of Dystany football with Michigan , I can NEVER play against PSU or WI.I would also like to see being able to switch players ' positions . If I have 8 guards rated at 99 , and 2 centers at 50 , I ca n't cut the centers and have one of the guards move over.And it would be cool to see Michigan run out of the tunnel , hitting the GO BLUE banner on the way out.New audio clips really needed to be added . I 've played a lot of hours on 2004 , and I 'm really sick of hearing the same comments over and over and over again.Let 's hope 2005 improve these areas , and I 'll be happy !
 Not the most complex PC game I 've played , but I found what I was able to experience relatively fun for a fairly straightforward arcade-style starfighter game.Unfortunately , the game always crashes to my PC 's desktop after 5-15 minutes without warning , and LucasArts ' tech support has been a repeatedly frustrating exercise in futility . * All * possible problems via my -LRB- relatively high-end -RRB- system or a bad CD printing have been eliminated , and it looks like all the bugs simply were n't worked out before release . This would n't be the first time I 've had such a problem with LucasArts games when they first come out.Not a bad game , but if you 're looking at it , I 'd recommend waiting for patches to come out and the price to drop some more . Otherwise , you 're taking your chances with compatibility , etc. -LRB- Oh ! Also , you definitely need a joystick or gamepad to play . Use a keyboard/mouse only , and you ca n't last 10 seconds . -RRB-
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Its bad , real bad . 3 ships ?? No throttle control ?? `` Rogue Squadron type game '' -LRB- meaning cheap graphics , slapdash programming -RRB- ?? Yeah , I thought so . Starfighter is another piece of garbage with the words `` Star Wars '' slapped on it . The last decent space fighter game to come out that was Star Wars related was `` X-Wing Alliance '' , and I have yet to see anything new that was even half as good as that game . I include the new Nintendo game in that list as well.I 'm going to save my money and wait until a decent Star Wars game comes out for the PC , this ai n't it .
 Worst star wars game ever . I have played enough games to know the difference between controlling your ship versus rocking like a yo-yo . Nasty 2-D look and feel .
 Godawful . Hokey , naturally - that 's forgivable . But I found this game extremely annoying from the beginning . As rudimentary as the game 's menu system is , they still managed to make it obnoxious and unintuitive . But the big sin is that there is absolutely no option to configure the controls . This might be acceptable if the controls made any modicum of sense , but they do n't . Down goes up , up goes down , etc. - you ca n't control it . Nitwit programming . Also , as is typical of this sort of quality game , your ship has no inertia , no feeling of real flying . The propeller heads at Secret Level -LRB- the actual maker of the game -RRB- , understand neither good interface design , good controls , nor even reasonable physics . ...
 here is a game that had potential , but dont waste your money . The controls are horrible and unresponsive and the training levels seem to last forever . Not much pay-off in thisgame for all the patience it requires . Do yourself a favor and get jedi knight 2 jedi outcast .
 i do n't buy may games , just ones dealing with star wars . i know it says star wars on the the box , but i felt like i was playing any generic space-based video game.don ' t get this if you want a star wars experience .
 Package was not like the picture , there is no clear holder for the gameboy advance as in the advert . Everything else was as advertised except the package had been opened previously . By the way this package was not a game so how am I supposed to answer the misworded question ?
 So , even moreso than in years past , EA has figured out that the best way to make a football game is to make it impossible for the user to influence games ' outcomes . -LRB- Ah , yes computer , why do n't you just go ahead and play and I 'll sit back and watch ? Yes , that 's worth $ 50 . -RRB- Quarterbacks take off on their own , ignoring your inputs . Runningbacks override your juke commands . Your defensive linemen ca n't spin without falling down -LRB- and when they fall down , it 's like raising the Titanic trying to get them back up -RRB- . Most abhorrently , for some reason EA also decided that receivers should no longer be able to catch passes , which makes for some ridiculous statistics -LRB- receivers end up with more drops than catches -RRB- . There are some ridiculous slow-downs in the piece-o-crap title now as well . Last year 's slowed down when the ball was near the goal line . Now it slows down at various random times , but especially when the vibration is going thanks to the `` homefield advantage '' nonsense . The game is now MUCH slower to let you escape out of its various celebrations/replays/other crapfests . Beyond that , the company has the gall to whore out its games even further -- you can no longer score a touchdown without finding out about Pontiac 's fine employees and their horrible tag line.The commentary and in-game stats displays are a complete mess . EA added virtually no additional commentary content , so you 're still stuck listening to Nesler , Herbstreit , and Corso say essentially the EXACT SAME CRAP that they have over the last three years , much of it irrelevant to the gameplay . Additionally , this year 's version has introduced some new bugs in the in-game stat displays . Sometimes , if you 're inside your OWN 20 , it starts going on about how bad your team is in the red zone -- and it counts that possession as a red zone trip . Beautiful , well-thought out , and meticulously tested . Obviously.Someone else mentioned the colors are washed out . They are . The fields are a weird pale green color now , whether they 're grass or turf . And for some reason , when your unis get grass-stained , the grass is day-glo green . You know , just like real life . Awesome design there . Oh , and playing on HDTV resolution does n't work AT ALL as doing so causes massive frame-rate slow-downs . As for the new features , sure the match-up stick is interesting enough , though it would be more interesting if your receivers were still allowed to catch balls thrown to them . The homefield advantage , though , is horribly implemented . In order to get your crowd pumped up , for some reason you have to hit the white button repeatedly . It 's not challenging . It 's not interesting . It 's like being transported back to the mid-80 's and playing Track and Field at the arcade . Ever wonder why there were n't more games where success depended on your ability to repeated tap the same button ? Because it sucks . It 's ridiculous.I was pleased to see that this year 's version allows you to create a custom playbook . Unfortunately , they seem to have eliminated most of the `` good '' plays that have existed in past years . There are very few plays going over the middle and all your wideouts are ever asked to do is run fly patterns . -LRB- In honesty , they DID fix the problem with playaction passes -- they no longer automatically result in sacks as they did in 2004 . -RRB- Playing Live is n't worth your time , since you ca n't adjust the sliders -LRB- remember that your receivers have no hands any more -RRB- , so you 're stuck with the game 's worst-mongrel brand of default crap settings . Plus , if you accidentally unplug a controller in the middle of an online game , you get booted from the game . Just like in real life , again.Absolute unbelievable EA Sports `` we 're the only game in town , so if you do n't like it , take a hike '' hubris-driven infinite pig tripe . The previous years ' games were addictive and fun -- some of my favorite games I 've ever played , though they got a little too easy after a few seasons . This one is much , much worse.I got one for sale if you 're interested . Relatively cheap .
 After all the hype and massive pre-release buildup , EA Sports really did a fumblerooskie on this title . I 've been a longtime fan of EA Sports games -LRB- both PC and console -RRB- and was really looking forward to this one . I even reserved a copy at my local Best Buy to make sure I got it as soon as it came out . I was rewarded with a game that was clearly rushed out of productino before it was ready . Where to begin with the faults ? Here is the short list :1 . ONLINE PLAYLike everyone else , I was stoked to hear that EASports and X-box Live had finally come to an agreement so we could play online . What we got was an extremely buggy online experience . Disconnections and server non-availability are pretty common . Hopefully this will be get better in the future .2 . PASSINGA total crap-shoot . It 's pretty much 50-50 if you 're receiver will catch the ball . Your WR1 can be wide open and your QB puts the ball right on target and it will bounce off him or he 'll just drop it . Or you can throw a Hail Mary into a group of 5 defenders and 1 receiver and the receiver will somehow make a miracle catch . Extremely frustrating at best .3 . PENALTIES FOR EXCESSIVE CELEBRATION AND UNSPORTSMANLIKE CONDUCT -LRB- FIGHTING -RRB- I 've lost games because of these . It frequently happens automatically after a big play and there 's very little you can do to stop it -LRB- other than pause the game or call a timeout to interrupt it , and you 're limited on the number of pauses and timeouts you get -RRB- . There 's nothing more frustrating than sacking the opposing QB on a third down just to automatically give them a first down when your sacker goes into `` taunt the crowd '' mode .4 . KICKINGNearly impossible . Managing the kick meter has become so difficult I wo n't even attempt a field goal unless it 's less than 30 yards away . Even extra points are n't a sure thing . I 've lost games from # 3 and # 4 combined -LRB- my player scores a TD , does an excessive celebration , I get a 15yd penalty on the extra point and my kicker misses the extra point -RRB- .5 . GRAPHICSMost of the graphics are really good -LRB- mascots , cheerleaders , sign waving fans who realistically respond to different game situations , coach responses , etc. -RRB- but there 's still some glitches . In cutaway scenes you 'll see players walk right through other players.Don ' t get me wrong , there are some really great things about this game . The Homefield Advantage thing is really cool and really makes a difference . EA has also done some major improvements on how Option plays develop . Also , the Dynasty mode is definitely A + . Graphics extras are really nice -LRB- mascots , cheerleaders , coach responses , etc. -RRB- Unfortunately the major flaws in gameplay and the poor online experience just ruin what should have been an awesome game . I just hope Madden 2005 is n't this bad .
 Bought this game last night and frankly , I 'm a little dissapointed . The Home Field advantage Feature is a nice touch but it comes with gliches . For example , The screen even shakes at times when watching replays and choosing your next play . I do n't know if this is intentional or not , but it gets annoying very fast . Also if you manage to get far enough ahead of a team that has home field advantage you can effectively `` Shut Up '' the crowd . This makes gameplay easier , however Brad Nessler , the play by play commentator , incessantly babbles about how quiet the crowd has become `` Every Play '' . Also there are considerable animation problems with players running with the football . The animation is not fluid at times.For example , your running back almost looks as if he looses stride or is stutter stepping in the open fieldDefensive players become stuck behind thier own players when trying to move outside the line to line up with a reciever in man to man.There are times when you switch to a defensive player to try to make a tackle and you ca n't control the player . He just stands there like he does n't know where the ball is at.These are just some of the things I noticed less than 24hrs after I bought the game.Giving this game two stars because It 's made by EA . And that 's the only reason .
 The graphics are horrible.Sound effects stink.Recievers always drop passes.Controls dont work half the time.A TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY !!!
 I 've rented this game from a video store and I 'm glad I did instead of plopping down $ 50 for it . The gameplay is slow , the recievers drops a lot of passes , and at least on Xbox , the quarterback occasionally makes throws a pass prior to me initiating the pass . Also the fair catch button does n't work for some reason . When I go in the practice mode , the quarterback always throws the ball without my input . Lot of people here give this game high marks but I just ca n't see what the fuss is about , it 's more frustrating than anything .
 I have been a long time fan of the NCAA football series put out by EA , so naturally just like every other NCAA junkie I immediately went out and laid down $ 50 for the game . While last year I could n't stop playing NCAA 2004 , I am already tired of NCAA 2005 . They added a few nice features such as home field advantage , where your controller and the screen shake when you are the visiting team to a pumped up home crowd . Other than that , I was n't impressed by any extras . They jazzed up the graphics a good bit and adjust abilities if a player is on fire or rattled.The thing that makes this game worse than NCAA 2004 is that they obliterated the passing game . I like OU , and OU has Jason White and a corps of great receivers . I have yet to play a game with OU where White completes 40 % of his passes on the Varsity level . Receivers drop perfectly thrown balls like burning hot coals . If that were n't bad enough , the lacking pass defense from last years title was improved , making it a great game if you can get around 25 % of your passes completed . The only way to play this game is to build the core of your team around a running back and throw in the occasional play action pass . For me , that 's a bore and not worth my money . Do yourself a favor and save yours .
 This game wo n't work I was really disappointed because that was my sons big surprise for Christmas and it was a bust
 First off , this is a good game , but hands down , The XBOX version of 2005 is not finished and I feel they should not have released it . The PS2 version amazingly while not looking as good , plays much better . I 'm continuing to have issues with XBOX Live with this game , slow gameplay , laggy online , disconnects , getting charged for losses and next to the PS2 version of NCAA , there is no comparison , it plays 5 times better on PS2 and if you have it on PS2 , you 'll be in heaven . I 've read E.A. is giving out refunds for the people that want to send back the XBOX version of the game , but I suppose you 'll have to contact their tech support to find out . Nonetheless , what went wrong with NCAA for XBOX ? I can only hope E.A. listens to the complaints people truly are experiencing . Mind you , the main issues are online play and offline play is decent , but it 's still a bit sluggish overall and 2004 actually played better than 2005 in my opinion , if you can live with the slowdown and do n't play online , you can probably live with the downfalls of an overall great playing game . It 's just hard to see it 's qualities with all the flaws this game has . I expect more from E.A.
 This is one of the worst football games i ever played . I am so glad this game came with the Xbox . For one thing if you want to start a season on it , it is very confusing . It also takes forever to find the team that you want . It is very confusing to see wear your passing the ball . It is also very hard to to see who has possesion of the ball during the running plays . If you ca n't read football plays , you 'll have a hard time playing this game . It took me a while to get used to reading the plays . My advice is , when you get the Xbox , sell the game on ebay . Remember the title of this review , Bad Game .
 EASPorts I guess has given up regarding graphic improvements , since this game looks like the same game not only as last year , but really the same since Playstation . -LRB- I wo n't say Genesis , but you get the point -RRB- . All the players faces/models are the same . Take a lesson from ESPNSports , revamp the graphics engine already . This game , as does MAdden 2005 , looks like its 5 years old . Sure , the home-field adv is nice -LRB- I 'd like to see something like that in all sports games , since home is an advantage , but a limited # of nice features does n't make a good product . This games being returned . EASports has really gone downhill . Seems like every ESPN game , -LRB- Football especially -RRB- , but basketball and baseball , blows away the EASports products . Maybe they got to diversified , but they 've loss touch with what consumers want , which is a great Graphical game that looks real , whose gameplay is solid , and AI is realistic . Live is OK if you like that stuff , but who the # $ % wants to play a 5 + year franchise . . Give me some realistic graphics , and playabilty , keep your franchise and `` custom signs '' . . What were they thinking ? See ya EASPorts , hello ESPN ...
 I played the you know what out of NCAA 2004 , best football simulation I 've ever played . Skipped 05 at first for Madden , which I initially thought was a mistake as I was not all that much impressed with Madden 's very limited gameplay . I just ca n't stand football games where you can not juke a tackle and in Madden 05 's case , someone being way too open over the middle way too often . But as soon as I learned that NCAA 06 was not coming out for gamecube , i went ahead and got 05 on ebay figuring it was its last stand for gamecube . NCAA 05 has a major problem with passing more than anything else , especially after the loose and fun gameplay of 04 I had enjoyed . Way too hard to complete a pass on this game takes alot of fun out of it its that simple . Another problem I had was the look of this one compared with 04 . The colors were not as vibrant taking a turn towards the pastel hue , not good . The overall player graphics were worse in every way . When the games are played at dusk , its as if there is a fog in the air , less care takin in cleaning up the graphics obviously . The crowd thing is pretty cool I guess if you 're a fan of earthquakes hitting while you try to hike the ball . The `` hardest places to play '' thing is worthless and the rankings of these stadiums do n't make sense to a real college football knowledgable mind . The hit stick worked better on Madden seems to me . The only good thing to come out of this game seems to be the matchup stick . Of course this was the only way to pass - look for the mismatch and hope your reciever isnt magically blanketed by some db from ball state . I mean some of the games I was playing in the NCAA 05 season were absurd . I had USC who obviously in 05 were probably the best team to ever play college ball , and crap teams were batting down leinart 's balls like they were nothing . Atleast in 04 you could expect to realistically smack around those early season foes . I was saddened to see in my opinion the best football franchise ever finally get tinkered with in the wrong way . RIP NCAA Football . You deserved more than whoever programmed this crap as your swan song .
 i bought this on faith it ran with windos and they do not tell you in any of the write up , you buy the game recieve it and find it only run 's on old DOS computers , will not operate with any version of windows and they will not answer emails or offer a refund or replacement game , i recommend DONT BUY THIS unless you collect ancient software , the shipping was 3 times price of the game it self alsosundace58
 This game is so easy I beat it in less than an hour and never played it since . This game is for little kids or kids who are very inexperienced at game boy . In short unless you are like what I said above do n't buy this game . It -LSB- stinks -RSB- ! I only gave it two stars because it was really fun while I played it . Try again for a hit THQ .
 I got this game a couple of years ago and I HATE IT ! It is way to confusing and No WHERE does it tell you what to do or what the object of the game is . I have played it probably a thousand times and I still do n't no what to do ! I really like the Rugrats and I am 13 , but I could n't figure this game out . Please listen to ME , RENT this game and see if you can figure it out if you can PLEASE write instructions because I would love to know how . Once again I would strongly advise you to listen to this review . THANX for your time !
 My six year old is an experienced game boy player . He very much enjoys the Rugrat movie game version . But this new version , with the promise of enticing levels to follow , leaves you that much more frustrated trying to get through the first level . The first level is incredibly monotonous and difficult . It may well be enjoyed by an older player .
 I am 14 years old.It 's kind of embarassing that I could n't get past the second level in a Rugrats kid game . I 'll keep trying , but for now I would n't reccomend this game .
 I was very excited to find a Rugrats game for my sons Gameboy . My son was happy with his Christmas present but once he tried to play got very upset because he could n't make it past Chuckie . I then took on the challenge and got so frustrated I just gave up . I then went out and purchased a simpler game that we were both familiar with . Warioland ! My son is only 6 yrs . old and a game that is geared toward children of his age should be simple enough for him to master . Next time the people that come up with the games should think about the age groups of the children playing these games and consider their skill levels .
 I was the one who wrote the `` I thought it was hard too ... '' review . I changed my mind about what i said about it being good . It 's way too hard and barely gives you enough time to complete the levels . I could not get past the goldmine level even though i found TOMMY i just did not find the time portal . Do n't get this game if you are under the age of twenty years of playing Game Boy . It 's too hard .
 I bought this game 8 months ago for my neice 's birthday because her and my daughter are in love with the cartoon series . My neice & daughter is 9 and they are still unable to get passed the gold rush screen . The directions for this game are horrible . Needless to say this game is in a drawer collecting dust . This game is too hard for the recommended ages .
 Downloaded fine . But when I tried to play , the screen blacked out and then I window popped up saying ` DIRECTX ERROR ' . So I do n't know . I 've played the game before and its a great game ! But its only a great game when you can play it .
 Total Annihilation is not that great . Sure there are millions of men your army can consist of , but many are very weak and useless . There is really no depth to the game , its just one of those games where whoever can build the best man first wins no contest . Compared to games of today like Starcraft and Homeworld this game stands no chance . I think I was being very generous giving it 2 stars . I wouldnt waste my money .
 I recieved this game for Chistmas , and I found it to be dissapointing . One minute into the game there 's this mushroom that , try as you might , you can only get over once in a blue moon . When I ca n't get over I loose interest and end the game on purpose . The second level is even harder to understand than the first.I do like , though , that there are codes so you can start playing at the level where you left off last . I recomend this game for those who have lots of pateints .
 I bought this game for my six year old son and was very displeased with it . Sixty seconds after the game starts you get stuck in front of a mushroom that you ca n't get over . Atleast six people tried to play this game and only one person could occassionally jump over it .
 I bought this game for my 10 year old boy , after few trys he did not wanted to play any more . My 4 year old like it , and made me play for him and i can say that i am very good with video games but this one got me , some times we try and try without any luck .
 I HATE this game . It is the worst game in the world . If I were you , and did not have this item , I would save my money and buy a better game . -LRB- any game would be better then this one . -RRB- This game does not make any sense to me . Please save your money ! Please do n't buy this item !!!!!!!!!!!
 i am 10 and this game was too hard for a kid lick me i got stuck at the very beginng
 Its not my kind of game.Whenever I mess up on some part , I have to do a big chunk of the hard part over again .
 Graphics are the lowest quality you can imagine , and the game is so boring it was actually a relief to get killed . I am a hardcore Star Wars fan and I really hate this game .
 I have played and beaten most of the starwars games to and out of all of them , this game is the worst . Its so boring . Of course , games like Jedi knights
 This game was so bad I had to burn it ! I rather play an Episode 1 game , but I though I might like it . I can summize this in two words , it stunk ! So before you buy this game listen to what I have to say
 Even with for 15 bucks this game is n't worth buying ! After five minutes , I understood that I wo n't play that game anymore . The graphics are very basic and simple but the animation ... aaaaarrrrrgggghhhh ! How a game can be so choppy even with one caracter on screen ??? The game engine is crappy ... I wo n't even talk about the gameplay ... so much slowdown do n't make the fighting easier ... swingning that crappy little force saber is more than difficult ... good luck killing enemies ...
 Yoda Stories comes with all the Star Wars -LRB- 1st trilogy -RRB- universe . But controlling the charachter is difficult , expecially during combat , and missions are few but quite long , and you can save only between them . I 've found this game very frustating .
 basically youre this yoda guy and you like to tell stories to this wierd person named luke `` skywalker '' . ummm , i totally did not not get the plot to this game.something about respecting the `` force '' what is that anyway?it would be a cool movie if they made this game into a movie or tv series though . i 'd like to see `` yoda '' and `` luke skywalker '' on a bigger screen.i thought the `` force '' idea was kinda stupid and the game could 've done without it.so , if you wantok gameplay and a weird but interesting and original plot , try this game
 when i played this at my friends house , i thought `` hey , the movies are good , the game sounds pretty fun ! '' but then i turned it on ... `` wait a minute ! kyle , i move so slow and i cant ... control ... myself ... what the heck is that ? my character is ... a. ... blob ! must ... turn ... it off ... so i did , and i told my friend never ever bring it over again . a word of caution
 Yoda Stories for the GameBoy Color is one of many Star Wars games that is just a wonder . As in , it 's a wonder how this game ever passed quality control . In Yoda Stories , you go through levels of choppy graphics , excruciatingly dull gameplay , terrible controls , and just plain poor game design while battling Stormtroopers , sandpeople , etc. . The game 's battle system is so poorly designed that it truly is a wonder how this game ever got released , and even if your the most hardcore Star Wars fan on the block be warned
 AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!Very cheesy , you do n't even walk , you just appear on another spot . the enemys just wal-I mean , appear at you , and ow . Ugly ... characters , luke ... fat ... bad guys ... FAT . . EVERYTHING FAT AND DEFROMED !!! You only attack with lightsaber , appear at bad fat/blob guy and attack , sometimes it does n't even respond , blob bad guy just disapear.Yoda say
 the only reason i played this game was because my friend said it was an ok game . i shut it off in less than 5 minutes . do they expect us to defeat the enemies ? seriously it was IMPOSSIBLE . what was lucasarts thinking . its so not like them to create a crappy game that was actually recent . BUY THE ROGUE SQUADRON OR KOTOR -LRB- knights of the old republic -RRB- . they are a much more entertaining and give you more for your buck . thank you .
 This game is much better on PC . On PC there are random levels and you can save where-ever you want . On the gameboy you have to get past a non-randomized level , and you get a password after that . You ca n't save anywhere else .
 Yoda Stories is one of the worst Game Boy Color titles I have played to date . This game is almost a step back from its modern counterparts . It 's simplistic , colorless backgrounds and characters during gameplay belong on the Gameboy 's original yellow screen . Another shortcoming of this title is the gameplay control . The player 's character , Luke Skywalker is made to walk extremely sloppy . Many gameplayers will find it quite difficult to maneuver Luke into a doorway or around a hazard . The screen appears to `` jump '' every time Luke moves in any direction , which can get quite frustrating when trying to concentrate during an important battle . The only thing that makes this game even tolerable is the story-line behind the gameplay . Hardcore Star Wars fans will enjoy playing an integral part in Luke Skywalker 's training . However , gamers interested only in something fun to pass the time should buy something else-like Zelda DX or Spy Vs Spy-both are excellent little amusements .
 The box advertized it as `` thrilling '' but I do n't consider this lousy game even worth spending time with . The graphics are horrible and most of the time you ca n't tell what you 're doing
 I thought this game was pretty bad . This is because I played soccer for the old Attari , which is at least 15 years old , and the graphics were just as good , only the gameplay was more realistic . this game is simple . One guy gets the ball , another guy runs into him , he falls down , end of play . Without lighting it 's impissible to see anything . Also , Some things are n't realistic like 80 yard punts . Worst of all , there are no levels . I 've played games and even with the worst rated teams , which by the way all of the teams are just as good , all of the games I creamed the other team by over 50 points . Madden for the N64 was very good , but for game boy it was bad .
 This game is typical of Game Boy games , flat , no challenge and a general piece of garbage . Game Boy Color is just another twist on a washed up 80 's style arcade game . Now that we are almost to the year 2000 I think it 's about time we give up on inferior products like Game Boy .
 This game is very easy and BORING !! I do n't recommend this game for anyone !! Do n't waist your money on this , you might as well just sell it at a yard-sale for all it 's worth !! Save your money for a better game ! Trust me it stinks horribly !!! -LRB- BOO HISS -RRB-
 this game had short and very few levels.there was n't much to do after you win , and i won in only two days.this game is only good because it was based off of a movie.don ' t waste your money .
 Toy Story 2 could have been great . Toy Story 1 on Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis were excellent . Toy Story 2 is not . The graphics are somewhat detailed but kind of blurry . That 's ok because gameplay makes a great game not graphics . The gameplay is where everything goes wrong . You see , the run and jump buttons are both the same button meaning you have to hold down the button to run but if you let go Buzz jumps . This will cause you to loose many lives very easily and get you fusturated . If you want a good platform game for Gameboy Color , Tarzan is much better with better graphics , control and a unique hide and go seek mode as well as the ability to use the Game Boy Printer to print out Tarzan Stickers .
 This is an okay game but there 's only four levels . Which gets really boring because you finish all the levels and then that 's the end of your game . It also gets really annoying because you have to hold down both buttons to run and only one to jump , so a lot of times you jump when you do n't want to and lose lives . There are a lot of funner and more complex games with more to do out there .
 The game I feel should be alot better then what they put out . For what the game cost alot more thought should have went into it . While doing jumps to get to things its impossible and no room for error . Its very hard for an 6 year old to play and you cant seem to make a small mistake with it . I 'm 36 and I couldnt even sit and play the game with out getting angry with it .
 When I got it for Christmas I found out that it was pretty boring . It 's not that hard either .
 To tell you the truth , Yoot Tower was a big disspointment to me . I loved SimTower to death , and I was excited for months that followed the release of Yoot Tower . I 've build many many SimTowers , and just recently achieved the Tower rating in SimTower.The box for Yoot Tower excited me even more . I loved the idea of being able to build in different locations . But , what I could build was my problem.I do n't have a lot of very picky reaons why I do n't like this game -LRB- like how the regular elevators are limited to 15 floors ... -RRB- but the problem is with the game as a whole . Ovbiously , when it went from Maxis to Sega , it changed a lot . It changed the entire SimTower theme that I really loved . And unfortuniently , that was for the worse .
 This game is so bad I hesitate with my second star . I would categorize this game as a great concept ruined by a bad game . While the movies are great and the wide variety and impressive uniqueness of the different players is truly an accomplishement the actual gameplay is crap . For one thing the sides are n't evenly matched . Play Veruna with even a small body of water and its a gauranteed massacre of the other side . Play Zhon , on the other hand , and expect to spend 5 hours on a single game before deciding to give up . Amazingly , the expansion pack fails to correct this problem at all ! The game is pathetically slow and worse , the somewhat baffling placement of mana makes it impossible to fortify yourself in a base . Furthermore -LRB- and there 's more -RRB- the unlimited supply of bafflingly placed mana is in-exhaustible , so the computer builds anthropomorphic bases with defensive fortifications every two feet . Try and set foot in one of them and your army of 30 is dead in 3 seconds ! 30 is also the biggest force you can ever truly hope to assemble , by the way , because to control more than that is impossible , flatly impossible ! While you can group units , ordering a group is ill-advised because while you may order them to move to a certain location on the way if they 're ambushed by the enemy they 'll just keep walking and not even fight back until they 're all dead . Tell them to attack the enemy and they kill the unit you clicked on and then just stand to be slaughtered by the rest . Even setting them to agressive mode does little to combat the problem . I prefer turn-based strategy anyway , but this is truly a new low . This game sucks , it sucks hard . Wo n't someone ever make us a decent strategy game thats not sci-fi ?
 I could not agree more with the gamer from Kansas . The game stinks . Also it relates in no part to the former history of either Arm of Core as it is supposed to . Witchcraft and wizardry has no apeal to me . However , if you really want a cool game you should get Total Annihilation , way better graphics and a lot more fun . Do n't waste your money !
 What I expected was another Total Annihilation , but obviously I was at err , I do n't know who made this game but if it was the original design team of TA then they were smoking somethin that made pretty colors dance across the screen . Ok , bottom line , TA kingdoms is by far the worst possible stradegy game ever ! It is SO slow on my P2 450mhz computer -LRB- after I got about 50 units or so -RRB- it was ridiculas ! I mean it was like watching your units walk through glue because the game slows down so bad , it took my little army of 30 units 15 minutes to reach the enemy base ! Also 3D acceleration for this game is non-existent ! In the original TA the computer cheated , but it was n't to an extream sence , here they made it ten-fold ! Whenever you are n't looking over the enemy 's base , they make units in 3 seconds or less , they can make thousands of units with only one lodestone in place ! its ridiculously IMPOSSIBLE in skirmish -LRB- when you are just getting your defences finished they will have those plus a 30 + army coming to attack your base -RRB- and just plain weird in campaign mode . Do not buy this game , buy the original TA , its WAY better , trust me . Avoid Kingdoms like it is a urine cup used to serve apple juice !
 I tryed the demo of this game I did n't really like it to much . Sure there may been a few more sides , however , it can get boring after awhile . But I like the idea of seeing TA in the middle ages !
 The game is extremely slow and boring . It takes forever to build up a formidable force . I thought it would be more like the original TA -LRB- which was n't exelent -RRB- . The good part is its 5 different forces as opposed to StarCraft 's -LRB- which is a much better real time strategy -RRB- 3 .
 After Total Annihilation , this was a HUGE disappointment . In particular , the way all units trudge slowly along , even when under fire makes it look like even they can not be bothered . I certainly ca n't . Slow to load , slow to run , slow to play , loaded with portentous music and yet totally unabsorbing . A typical games consists of spending a very long time making huge numbers of utterly undistinguished units then watching them amble slowly into battle . Rarely do enough make it to achieve anything . Then it 's time to start all over again.On balance , I would rather watch my screen saver . Which is odd , since the original TA is still my all time favourite -LRB- and most frequently played -RRB- game . Bring on TA2 !!
 I got this game and rued it ever since . after seeing the graphics I first thought it was made before total annihilatoin -LRB- original -RRB- , but later found out it was newer . The tech tree is dumb , and its hard to tell what the units are , i mean it 's quite bad when you ca n't tell a difference between a horse and a rat .
 Amazon 's review is accurate . The gameplay rewards the hedghog . Strong points from TA remain -LRB- unit ordering , squad numbering , ... -RRB- but if that is all there is , then TA is a better buy/choice .
 While TA
 Ever noticed the disparity between flight simulators ? There seems to be no middle ground -- either the simple , like A-10 , where almost anyone can fly -LRB- with a little practice -RRB- or the not-simple . Falcon 4.0 is the not-simple end of the spectrum.If your trusty UPS deliveryman does n't damage his back or pull a muscle , he 'll -LRB- with joy -RRB- hand you the heaviest game box around -- because of the weight of a massive volume that contains your instructions . It also includes the map of your keyboard , showing the 3 functions for EVERY BUTTON . This is not a joke , or an exaggeration . So after memorizing the 150 or so button functions and reading the near-200 page instruction manual , then you might be able to fly the thing ... Ok , maybe it really IS the ultimate flight sim . Unfortunately , my Uncle the 4-star USAF General and fighter pilot is now deceased , so I was unable to show him this thing -- maybe he could figure it all out , but can anyone else?Unless you feel that your tax forms are `` Too Simple '' and that MIT just is n't challenging enough , trust me -- save your money .
 The visuals are poor . The point of view of the player is always from the side of the golfer . even when putting you do n't even see the hole . The game has a very disappointing `` feel '' . I 've played many other golf games as this is one of the worst .
 I spent -LSB- enough -RSB- on this game and it really it was n't worth it . I can name alot of things why this game really is n't that good , mainly because holds very little information.One , it only has 15 wrestlers , they only go side to side and if you move up or down , thewrestler moves in that direction but will be facing sideways which looks really stupid.Two , the ring is like a hundred ft. long . If you want to move to the other side of the ring to do something like a long jump off the turnbuckle you can do so but you will have no sight of your opponent.Three , the wrestlers ca n't go out of the ring or get weapons . You can go outside but the only way to do so is if you get knocked out or if someone is alreay out , then you can get out and do whatever you want to but you only get ten seconds before you get called `` count out '' and lose the match.Four , the cages matches in this game are okay but there is no ropes so you ca n't do any moves that consist throwing your opponent to the ropes in a cage match.Five , There are no entrances when you play . There are entrances when you do a championship but thay are made up ones . There are not so bad but they do n't have the entrance music which is something the people who made this game really could have put in.Six , you ca n't make your own rules for the game . All the matches have the same boring rules.Seven , there is a column for biogrophies about the wrestlers but it just tells about there stats and tells nothing about there life.Eight , the graphics of the wrestler are really bad . I know its GAME BOY so not everything is perfect but the should have made people like the Undertaker , Kane , and Big Show a little bigger . I mean X-Pac is as big as them -LRB- everyone is the same size -RRB- and in real life he is a shrimp.Regarding about all this the game is a little fun but after some time the game becomes boring . Believe me , SAVE YOUR MONEY , THIS GAME IS N'T WORTH WHAT YOU PAY FOR !
 I spent atleast ... on this game and it really it was n't worth it . I can name alot of things why this game really is n't that good , mainly because holds very little information.One , it only has 15 wrestlers , they only go side to side and if you move up or down , thewrestler moves in that direction but will be facing sideways which looks really stupid.Two , the ring is like a hundred ft. long . If you want to move to the other side of the ring to do something like a long jump off the turnbuckle you can do so but you will have no sight of your opponet.Three , the wrestlers ca n't go out of the ring or get weapons . You can go outside but the only way to do so is if you get knocked out or if someone is alreay out , then you can get out and do whatever you want to but you only get ten seconds before you get called `` count out '' and lose the match.Four , the cages matches in this game are okay but there is no ropes so you ca n't do any moves that consist throwing your opponet to the ropes in a cage match.Five , There are no entrances when you play . There are entrances when you do a championship but thay are made up ones . There are not so bad but they do n't have the entrance music which is something they really could have done.Six , you ca n't make your own rules for the game . All the matches have the same boring rules.Seven , there is a culumn for biogrophies about the wrestlers but it just tells about there stats and tells nothing about there life.Eight , the graphics of the wrestler are really bad . I know its GAME BOY so not everything is perfect but the should have made people like the Undertaker , Kane , and Big Show a little bigger . I mean X-Pac is as big as them -LRB- everyone is the same size -RRB- and in real life he is a shrimp.Regarding about all this the game is a little fun but after some time the game becomes boring . Believe me , SAVE YOUR MONEY , THIS GAME IS N'T WORTH WHAT YOU PAY FOR !
 This game is so booooooooooring . There is no moves to perform . All of the wrestlers look totally fake . And the finishing moves are beeze-wax ... If you want a good game get ECW
 this is the worst game everyone has the same moves and it is way to hard to control the wrestlers there is only like 10 guys ...
 What the heck is this ? First let me say that I have King of the Ring and Raw is War for gameboy . I had more fun playing them two games than Wrestlemania . First off , the gameplay is a mess . It was a mission to even punch my opponite at times . Secondly , I know this is only gameboy , but what is up with those graphics ? Wrestlers are n't supposed to look like mush . The titontron is decent but you can only view it in Championship mode . And you only see the guy your fighting entrance and not yours . I took the game back within 10 hours of when I bought it . Wait for a better game for your gameboy .
 This game is not much fun and not worth $ . There is no skill involved and once you hook a fish it takes forever to reel him in
 If you have a 3-10 year old that struggles with the faster morechallenging games on the n64 , this may satisfy . Otherwise avoid . Theplayers -LRB- characters from the TV show -RRB- are rendered in low res 3d graphics that are annoying to look at and dimly colored compared to the cartoon . The 4 different ` hunts ' play like a board game with the computer taking the palce of a missing player . Spinning for turns and waiting for the computer to move is agonizingly slow .
 This game is the most not fun game that n64 has ever put out . I am not kidding you have wasted your money if you buy this game or even rent it for a dollar . The game lacks any reward for beating it 's levels and is not fun . The graphics are not good and the gameplay is horrible . Sure this may be good for a few little kiddies who just want to see their favorite nicktoons in a video game but , if you are looking for a fun and exciting game , this is not it .
 I was looking foward to this , mainly because I like the Rugrats show . At the time this game was released -LRB- about June 1999 -RRB- the Rugrats TV show had pretty much become a show for kids only with nothing redeeming for older audiences . With that in mind , the Rugrats license did n't need a game like this . This game tries to cash in on the success of Mario Party , but it fails to do that . Why ? This is just a normal board game , which is all fine and dandy , but there 's absolutely nothing to make you want to play this again . It has no mini-games like Mario Party . It has only one , count it , one play mode , and because of that , the replay value is really low . Even the four-player mode ca n't reedem it . But that 's not all . The graphics are so bad for N64 . I 've seen PS1 games that look better then this , and those games came out years before this one ! Why THQ did n't support the Expansion Pak is beyond me . I think it would have helped . The biggest problem -LRB- that I also stated above -RRB- is that the game is literaly over before it begins , and being priced at almost any dollar amount , this game is a rip-off . It may have been worth it if it was priced at a low dollar amount , but I would n't bet on it . There is some good though
 I purchased a Nintendo 64 for my 6 and 9-year-old nieces approximately 18 months ago after raving about how great the system was and how much fun they were going to have playing with it . The mistake I made was purchasing -LRB- AT FULL PRICE -RRB- the WORST game in video game history !!! These poorly animated characters do nothing more than go around in a circle while trying to find `` treasure '' pieces-and that 's it folks ! It 's the dullest most boring mind numbing thing they have ever played ! Thank goodness I made up for it by getting them another game , any other game is better than this one ! It is , without doubt , the biggest waste of money I have spent for any game or toy that I can remember . A pet rock is more fun !
 My children -LRB- ages 6 and 8 -RRB- and I agree that this game is dreadful . It is very slow moving and there is no skill involved . It 's like watching someone else play `` Chutes and Ladders '' . You have VERY LITTLE impact on how the game proceeds and that frustrates even the youngest child .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old brother . He liked it ... for the first 10 min . The graphics are reminiscent to Atari 2600 and the gameplay is very poor . I get more fun out of watching my grandma change her dentures . Tommy , Chuckie , Phil , & Lil look more like smears . The fun factor is ludicris ! Do n't waste your money !
 Unfortunately , we paid full price for this game . And even more sad , gave it to our poor little boy for Christmas ! He was very disapointed , and so were we . I can not give this game away !!!! Do n't even rent it !
 Called in Australia `` Treasure Hunt '' . I bought this on the basis of the TV show , as would most people . My 6 year old was quite excited.We feel totally let down . It was VERY expensive -LRB- $ A99 -RRB- and is BORING . It held his interest for about an hour , before he was out of there ! We play traditional board games for longer than this - and the game play in this is slower than a board game where you move the pieces yourself.Just do n't waste your money . It was an expensive lesson to check amazon reviews before buying in future ! END
 This game is a boring board game that will give no joy ! The 3D graphics are the poorest I ever seen . The Average person will scream when you take a look at Didi 's Hair !! UGHHHH ! The fact that you can only choose 3 games makes this game pitiful . You will have my greatest symphanthy when you buy this game . Great choices would be all three of the Mario Parties . I play lots of Video games . Trust me , this one you need to avoid .
 Youre Child may love the show but the game is the very different from the shows I mean can you even beat the game you would have to be a Pro to beat it and its a 5 year old game !! ... . A Bugs Life is worth more then this.Dont rent or buy this game .
 I rented this game from my local video shop a few weeks ago and it was appauling ! Despite the fact that there are only three levels in this game , the objective of the game -LRB- walking round in circles and stuff to find `` treasure '' -RRB- and the description on the back of the box made it ten times worse , I kind of got this on an impulse after previously watching the Rugrats TV show and playing other Rugrats games . Seriously , If your going to even bother renting it , you may as well get the best Rugrats game of all , Rugrats
 Rugrats
 This game only as 4 choices and to do one it just takes 1 minute to do so it is not worth the money so dount buy it all it is doing is trying to get your money do not waste your money
 Rugrats
 This is just a knock-off of the Mario Party series.All you do is walk around a board as a character from Rugrats.The graphics are horrible , because there just low-res polygonal pictures.If you want a real board game for the N64 , get Mario Party.This game is an insult to the N64 !
 Este juego es una cochinada mejor ni lo compren , yo creo que es el juego m&aacute;s malo que he visto , no tiene objetivo , todo nada que ver , uno no gana nada . Es como un juego de mesa todo purete . Unos gr&aacute;ficos mal&iacute;simos.En conclusi&oacute;n es un asco de juego .
 Okay , after reading all of these crazy awesome reviews of this game , and being a huge fan of Silent Hill 2 , I bought this game from here for $ 40 . And boy , was I disappointed . Lets list the good and the badPros : Impressive graphics , considering it 's a playstation 1 gameGreat Music by Akira YamaokaAmazing Camera angles -LRB- especially during the opening run down the hallway type thing -RRB- Fun to playGood atmosphere.Cons : Not fun at all in the daytime , so you have to wait until night to enjoy it at it 's fullestThe atmosphere is NOT backed up WHATSOEVER !! This was my biggest gripe about the game ! Stuff like resident evil and dino crisis have less of a crazy atmosphere , but what atmosphere they do have is backed up by the sudden and unexpected appearance of enemies , and the extreme difficulty of killing the enemies . Plus , with a lack of ammo , you 're usually panicking . Silent Hill has great atmosphere , but plenty enough ammo to kill the generally weak monsters that are found throughout the levels , and most of them are slow and do n't do much damage to you , therefore they do n't pose much of a threat . Silent Hill 2 had Pyramid Head , and at some points I actually was too scared to continue on with the game on the fear that he might show up and slaughter me . Silent Hill has absolutely nothing to back up this atmosphere , and if you can get past the disturbing look of things , and realise that there is nothing making the scary noises , you 're just walking around a deserted area that has the lights out , some monsters , and creepy music . What 's so scary about that ? Nothing . And when there are an abundance of enemies , it 's not scary , it 's just annoying , because if you ca n't pick them off one by one then you 're overwhelmed and you die.Like I said above , absence of enemies makes the game far too easy , but too many enemies makes the game too hard.They should have had your character have crashed on the outskirts of town and had you walk to town in the middle of the night . That would have been scarier , and better than just appearing in the town.The alternate dimension is overused . This problem was fixed in silent hill 2 though , and was executed perfectlyAfter my list of the good and the bad , you tell me what you think . I was n't scared playing this game -LRB- maybe made nervous a few times , but never terrified like I was playing the sequel -RRB- . It 's definately a good game , but terribly overrated , and you can tell it 's their first effort at the genre.In all , being the silent hill fan I am -LRB- I own the first 2 games and origins , have seen the movie -LRB- which sucked , btw -RRB- , and plan on buying the third and fourth titles when I have the money -RRB- I 'm glad I bought this game , but It 's not as good as the hype leads you to believe .
 I read all the reviews and it is a cheap take off of Resident Evil . I did like the settings however in the fog and snow and using the flashlight , I think that added to the suspense but resident evil 2 and the nememsis does scare the hell out of you at times where silent hill never did . Once you play resident evil its hard to surpass that quality in graphics and gameplay .
 so ... im lookin at this ... and i see a pic of a boatWHAT THE HELL DOES A BOAT HAVE TO DO WITH THIS GAMEi hate boats ... i was gon na but a new sealed copy ... now i wont cuz of this boatthanks
 i think this game itself was ok but i have to say that i was very dissapointed about the ending though . i hated it ! it ...
 Do not waste your money buying this game . The game ends up being very boring and dull . All you do is run around in circles half the time and getting nowhere but fustrated . And I know there were a couple of times when a creepy critter would come out of the ceiling and make me jump a little , but that 's certainly not worth what this game costs .
 Iv ' e had Silent Hill for about a year and beaten the game and obtained all of the endings , but this game just plain sucks ! The controlls are horribal and you have to use a flash light for most of the game ! Even when youre not in total darkness you can only see about 6 feet in front you ! Now I 'm a huge Resident evil series fan and I would definitly choose resident evil over this game . One of the most disturbing thing about this bad excuse for a game is that they have nude zombie children that stab you with kitchen nives what the hell is up with that ? If you want a good horror game get ant of the residnent evil series EXCEPT THE FIRST ONE .
 I wish that I could ask Konami , `` Why did you waste so much time to make a game that is not scary at all ? '' The graphics in this game do n't even look scary and make the game look terrible . I think that Konami was just trying to beat Capcom 's magnificent Resident Evil series , but did a terrible job of it .
 I was rather excited to purchase this game , even though everyone I spoke to warned me against it . I should have listened . This is a poorly executed version of Resident Evil with none of the careful prep or imagination . I would rather dig out my eyes with a dull spoon than have to watch any of the video in this one again . Some of it was interesting . Most of it was confusing at best -- all of it was inane . I loved all of the rooms without any possibility of ever entering them . You do n't find that in Resident Evil . If they have a room in Res Evil , there is a reason for it . I would n't wish this game on my worst enemy . What a waste of my time .
 I love video games , especially when they 're creepy ... but this game just bites . The game play is lame , the characterization is less than interesting and all you do is run around for ever and nothing interesting happens . I say if you want a good game ... do n't buy this one .
 I own both resident evil one and two and love them both . I tried this game due to its resemblence and realized it was nothing more . I was a cheap rip off , boring and repetitive . No surprises , no challenges . Possiply one of the worst games I have played
 Konami is just tring to make money by making a Resident Evil-style game , and they failed miseribly . The Controls really need work and you can only see like5 feet in front of you . The worst part is it is more confusing than scary .
 I am a huge fan of the RE series , Tomb Raider , etc. . Many people compared this game to those other games , but there is no comparison . What is all the talk about this game being SO scary ? There were a couple of scenes that made me flinch ever so slightly but nothing that made me jump and gasp like RE does . Putting something in fog and darkness DOES NOT automatically make it scary ! Some of the puzzles were somewhat interesting to solve but did not require a lot of time and effort to do so . I can only say that this game is MEDIOCRE at best . For those of you who found this game SO scary I suggest you play Spyro or the Crash series .
 I bought this game a few years ago , when it first came out . It was SO BAD and it still is . I have to admit , i saw the commercials on tv and the game looked pretty cool , kinda like turok , but it isnt . The controls are horrible , making it impossible to shoot accurately . The graphics are too fuzzy and dark , making it extremely hard to see ememies . There is really no story to why you are running around shooting bugs . Its really sad , you can tell acclaim got the idea for this game when starship troopers was out in the theaters , and rushed to get it out as quick as possible . If you want a first person shooter , get goldeneye , perfect dark , any quake , or any fps that was a hit on the pc that was ported to n64
 Armorines is a game that we have all played before . If you have played Turok , Quake , Doom , etc. then you have played this game . Not only that , the levels are short , there are very few weapons and the control options are bizarre and take some time to get used to -LRB- pushing left/right on the control stick causes you to strafe in that direction , not turn ! -RRB- . Aiming and performing delicate maneuvers is a chore and the environments look like cardboard cutouts . The sound is nothing extraordinary . Acclaim should have taken a look at Medal of Honor and applied the same detail to a game that had potential , but ended up as a mediocre shooter . This game is boring .
 This game just does n't feel good . -LRB- Quake II for the N64 feels good . Turok 2 and Turok Rage Wars feel good . -RRB- But everything about the interface and gameplay is just plain awkward.Aside from gameplay , the game 's interfaces are all very poorly done . Want to change your controller options ? You have a choice between Regular , and Alt1 , Alt2 and Alt3 -- but there are no diagrams to explain what those different options even mean!And even if the feel of the game was good , and the menus were n't confusing -- the missions are poor . In my last game -LRB- and I mean my * last * game -RRB- I spent the last 5 minutes running around thinking `` what am I supposed to be doing now '' , until my character became accidentally lodged in a wall and could n't break free . Boy , that 's good fun.There 's not even a demo or opening animation to watch at the beginning of the game.How the venerable Iguana studios -LRB- creators of the Turok games -RRB- let this half finished crock out the door is beyond me .
 I bought this thinking it would charge my controllers . Unfortunately it does n't ~ ! It either charges one and does n't charge the other or when it does charges it does n't take 3 hours to complete the full entire charge . I charge it before I got to sleep and when I wake up in the morning the red light is still on meaning it 's still charging . Sometimes when I have the controllers charged and I go use it and I play like 5 mins and it tells me that my controller needs to be charged .
 Device designed to rapidly charges 4 PS3 controllers simultaneously , however following a full charge via PS3 connection docking device would not hold same charge for more than 48 hours . Placing a new or older controller on device failed to charge controller one bit . Very disappointed with purchase , `` Would Not Recommend ''
 Nice addition to the PS3 to have your controlers charged . It can be a bit difficult getting them into the base , but not too bad.Two of the ports were ruined very easily due to the difficulty in putting the controllers into the slots . I think some others have now made it easier to line up the controler to go into the slot so this does not happen .
 I bought this for the fact that it could charge 4 controllers at once from a wall outlet instead of having the cables pluged into my PS3 . Now yes it is a bit tricky to get the controller in and I knew that ahead of time so I was just very gentle when I put the controllers away but after a month of use the charger will only charge controllers in the # 2 and # 4 slots . If I plug a dead controller into slot # 1 or # 3 it does n't do anyting . I probably would n't recomend this for everyone with it being a little dificult to plug in the PS3 controller but more for the reason that 2 of the charge ports quit working after 1 month .
 This is a nice idea , but very difficult to use in real life . Getting the controllers plugged into this thing is barely possible . Given about 2 minutes , you can get them plugged in . However , the process results in the front of the controller getting scratched and gouged . Even when you do manage to get one plugged in , you have to get it seated just right or , even though it appears to be charging , it really is n't . Find another product .
 I managed to play this game for about 2 hours before giving up in frustration and returning it . The reason ? Trying to move and shoot with any of the 4 preset control configurations gave me headaches ! Unfortunately , the game does n't give you the ability to generate a custom re-mapping of the controller.If the game itself were more impressive , I might have considered toughing it out with the least offensive of the control options . There are no cut-scenes ; not even the customary introductory sequence upon starting a new game . Instead , you get lines of text read to you by the commander . Weapon selection is strictly sequential . If the one you need is 5th in line , be prepared for a lot a frantic button pushing while the bugs come after you . Weapons-firing animations are weak ; your `` standard '' beam weapon fires an anemic blue line that 's barely visible against the background.Finally , there 's no sense that you 're in a suit of powered armor . Where 's my jump capability ? If weapons just `` sprout '' out of my right arm , why do n't I have any on the left ? My overall impression of the game is that it 's a hastily put-together 1st-person shooter with a generic -LRB- and trite -RRB- story tacked on to give it some continuity . I gave it two stars instead of one because I did n't get very far in the game and those of you who can wrestle the controls into submission may find more redeeming features in later missions .
 I am a veteran video game player , I have played video games my entire life . I can honestly say , that this is the WORST game I have ever , EVER played . It sucked so bad , from the horrible graphics to the crappy controls , avoid this thing as if it had sars , mad cow and the west nile virus .
 Who would want to play this thing ? I 'm going to say this bluntly
 If you are looking for a no brain action game whith little plot , then this is it . But I would suggest another game for those who want a challange . I beat this game in one day , and while the game was a relif from other stress games , Like bionic commando or pokemon , I found it to easy .
 will not play on my pc graphics are too fast piece of junk not the sellers fault but description could have been more thorough never could get my money back
 overpriced stuff ... i mean it doesnt even look the same ?!!! As for performance it just charges my controller . . I was seriously hoping that it would charge my psp as well ... and it does not ... what a terible dissapointment
 Adding that this is only a long USB Cable , no different from any other aside form length . This product is heavily overpriced compared to other products which offer the same exact function . The added shielding does not make up for it 's exuberant price .
 This cable does not have the braided shielding like the product specified . I paid extra to get the feature and they sent me a cheap replacement , I 'm definitely not satisfied .
 If you have a laptop , you can use its USB port to charge the controller -LRB- with the short cable that comes with the PS3 -RRB- while playing .
 Alright first off this cable is highly unnecessary and if you purchase this solely for charging your PS3 controller then you are vastly overpaying.If you want a cheap alternative then you should just get this : Cables To Go 27005 USB 2.0 A to Mini-B Cable , Black -LRB- 2 Meter/6 .56 Feet -RRB- It is 1/3 the cost and does the same exact thing ! If you need something even longer go withRiteAV - USB 2.0 A to Mini-B 5-pin Cable 15 ft.Don ' t overpay for something you do n't have to ! This is nothing more than a USB 2.0 A to Mini B cable ! 2 stars for being severely overpriced !
 I already had an Intec charging cable and thought from the pictures that this one would match it in appearance . Unfortunately it 's pretty lame . It is both flimsy and stiff . It does charge just fine , but looks awful as it retains it 's unattractive folded shape long after being stretched out .
 I recently ordered my ps3 charging link from goHastings and they had really fast shipping but sent me the wrong cord , I am really upset that they are selling false advertisement .
 Nyko I do n't know how you have managed to do it over all these years but you have still created a perfect 0 quality product in pretty much every area you have tapped into . Sure I paid about 12-15 dollars for this cable , but I thought it would work at least a couple weeks out of the box . I got maybe 1 full charge into my controller before this cable started to malfunction , I believe it malfunctions where the cable connects to the controller . Oh maybe it 's just my controller , I never thought of that , so that 's why my original sony brand cable which came with my ps3 works 100 % , as well as my 6 inch Creative Zen mp3 player cable works as well , or my sony bluetooth headset cable works also . The last nyko product I even encountered was my friends wireless ps2 controller because I know how nyko 's quality sucks . Well they 've managed to uphold their standard ... absolute garbage , so avoid it , just on the off-chance it works only half the time , I would have been better off bringing a lighter to my cash . You suckered me again nyko but it 'll be another 10 or so years before I even come close to one of your substandard pieces of crap , thanks for nothing .
 This is nothing more than a USB A-B -LRB- 5pin -RRB- cable that ships with many products these days , like digital cameras . You do n't need to pay the extra money for someone to call it a `` charge link '' . You can find a suitable cable for much less money .
 Warning , this item is not as advertised . The cables I received are from Nyko and are specifically for the PS3 , but they do not have braided shielding . The cables I received are flat like a telephone cord and very cheap looking . They will be going back ! Very disappointing .
 I bought this traveling for work , and found that it could n't share an internet connection with Windows XP , and there 's no online support to help . The only number listed for support was in Europe ... so do yourself a favor and buy a wifi router instead .
 I just bought this device at Fry 's -LRB- Amazon is cheaper -RRB- . I just got it working and thought I would explain how you might go about doing the same -LRB- a lot of folks are having trouble -RRB- . First , the drivers supplied on the CD would not work at all with a properly updated SP2 installation of Windows XP Pro . I manually tried to install every driver on that CD and none of them work.The CD also installs two utilities -LRB- not including Apache -RRB- . One of these is the PSP WIFI Media Manager . The other is ZDWlan . Even if you do n't own a PSP -LRB- get one if you do n't , by the way -RRB- , you need the PSP program.You must use the Media Manager program to download the current drivers . It 's in the `` Options . '' This download was a self extracting program that -LRB- at least for me -RRB- did n't actually install the drivers but just put them on my hard drive . I had to go to the control panel -LRB- hit window + R and type control -RRB- , select Add Hardware , pick my WLAN thing , and manually select the folder `` C : \ Program Files \ ZyDAS Technology Corporation \ ZyDAS_802 .11 g_Utility \ InsDrvTemp_USB `` Be careful on this point . The updated driver did not overwrite the old one which is a very similar directory . But I found a working driver in the quoted folder -LRB- it 's the vista driver , but XP Pro compatible -RRB- . Next , I had to turn the thing on -LRB- using the media manager program -RRB- . Sloppy program , but click randomly and you 'll figure it out . It 's important to also encrypt the access point properly using the `` ZDWlan '' program . Again , be careful as you need to use the updated version you just installed and not the obsolete one that was not removed automatically -LRB- the bad one is probably the one on your desktop -RRB- . The good version of ZDWlan is in your start menu and in the parent folder of the quoted folder above.If you have found the updated version of ZDWlan and it recognizes your hardware , you 're probably done with the headaches.This AP only offers obsolete WEP encryption , so pick a convoluted password and turn down the power -LRB- in ZDWlan -RRB- to the lowest setting that works in your home.This contraption works fine now . But I did go ahead and backup my documents in case this thing has more fun surprises in store for me.Do I recommend you purchase this item ? If you simply must have a wireless router that uses USB to share your internet connection -LRB- for example EVDO or dial-up -RRB- , this is the best choice I 'm aware of -LRB- please ! tell ! me ! if ! I 'm ! wrong ! -RRB- . If your internet connection is ethernet -LRB- DSL or Cable or 99.9 % of everybody -RRB- , buy a normal router . This device and its software are second rate , and the support is atrocious.I 've bought Datel -LRB- Action Replay , Intec , etc -RRB- products before , and I have never been pleased with their quality . The good news is that this product works with anything that uses 802.11 b. . . if you get it working.UPDATE
 Well we bought it thinking great we need it . But one problem , it does not work with Windows 7 . . there is no driver for it .
 All I can say is , sometimes it works , sometimes it causes Windows to crash . I have had to reinstall this device as many times as I have used it ...
 When this thing had finally arrived , I was all hyped up and ready to have some fun with people on Xlink Kai and MHF1 . I did not have fun though , as the product would only allow me to connect to the game to the point where I could see other players name , but was unable to play with the people .
 It took me awhile 2 get it working , and when i did it was very faulty . I got a lot of network errors . I DO NOT RECOMMEND !!!!!
 PLEASE if there is anything you get out of this review , use your 40 bucks and get a wireless router , the wifi max for me and a whole lot of other people has been a pure nightmare . Why ? Because there is just no ryme or reason to how this thing works fine one minute and the very next doesnt.After installing it exactly as the manual states I couldnt get it to connect my psp to the internet as it couldnt find the ip address.After using the tips from codejunkies.com still no good . After reading tons of forum threads and trying everyones suggestions I got up and running , that is untill I turned off my PC for the day . The following day when I booted back up I was back to square A again.This USB dongle makes a great back scratcher and the included USB cord can always be used to hang yourself after loosing your mind in frustration . Datel offers horrible customer service , go to there website read their little trouble shoot guide cause thats all your ever gon na hear from them . STAY AWAY !!!
 Could not get it to work . Many other reviews say the same thing . Do n't buy !! Still waiting for refund !!
 If you 're looking for `` plug and play simplicity '' , keep looking !! The software did n't recognize the hardware . The manufacturere 's website listed some ways to almost get this to work . Sadly , almost is the closest I came . I e-mailed customer support and just got a response.Too late , this one 's going back .
 Unlike the original model , the new revision of the Wifi Max is incompatible with Xlink Kai , a program that allows you to play Ad Hoc PSP games over the internet .
 the things horrible i cant get it to work with windows vista i tried for like 3 weeks and i had to download this and that and the thing still didnt work so until they come out with a windows vista version i rate this as a 1 if i could get to a 0 id do it . VISTA USERS DONT BUY DONT BUY DONT BUY DONT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This add-on for FS is definatly NOT worth $ 30 . Worse , it should have a big red warning label on it 's Amazon page that it will -LRB- without asking your permission -RRB- modify WINDOWS system files and the registry to install a disk driver for the Safedisc copy protection . -LRB- Which will open ring-0 admin access to ANY program . -RRB- Definatly not worth the security risk , and I have news for this publisher , the add-on itsself isnt worth copy protecting . If I were a software pirate , I wouldnt steal this.Beyond that , the program looks like something out of FS4 or FS5 ... The user interface is SO obviously visual basic version 5 ; or sure looks like it . After spending large sums of money on hardware to get the great graphics of FS-X this was a real let down . Their models are a joke.I dont know how well it works in FS2004 but in FS-X their `` redesigned '' airport layouts are very poorly done . Aircraft parking spaces often are inside terminal buildings and all those great jetways that we waited 10 versions of FS to get ... are gone.I will admit I didnt get past KLAX airport , but it was enough to convince me I had been robbed of $ 30 and had a virus installed for my trouble ... tearing this POS out tonight .
 Although this product seemed to install correctly , I 'm not seeing any traffic . After doing a couple of hours of research to find out why , I find out you have to go to the companies site and download some updates and then you may possibly have to reinstall FSX . And if that does n't work you may have to reformat your computer and reinstall everything . So unless you want to deal with all that crap , stay away from this product . I will be returning mine !
 I could not get this product to install . I have a DVD drive . They say somethng about copy protection maybe being a problem . Stay away from this one !!
 I can agree that the game looks a bit fun at a first glance and the graphics are nice but it is still lacking . It is supposed to be a 3d space game but you can still only move your units in 2d . Hilarious to use asteroids and build walls with them so the enemy ca n't get at you . Sorry , not good at all
 The Outforce is a very basic real-time strategy game and quickly grows tiresome . The AI is brain-dead , the pathfinding frustratingly atrocious , and there is no difference between the three races . Add in oddball features such as the ability to build fences -LRB- fences ! -RRB- around your base to keep enemy ships at bay and you wind up with a thoroughly forgettable game .
 If I had to use any word to describe this game
 By purchasing this cable set , you are limiting your options . You now must use your A/V receiver for sound whenever you play a game because you loose the analog sound connection you have with the 400 -LRB- the analog sound comes out of the same port as the video -RRB- . Spend the 10 dollars you save on an inexpensive optical cable and you now have the best of both worlds , you have the option of using the tv for sound OR the A/V receiver with the same quality video . I will say that the video quality on my 62 '' HDTV improved dramatically with the addition of the component -LRB- red , green , blue -RRB- video Gamelink 400 over the composite -LRB- one video cable -RRB- connection that comes with the PS2 . However if you 're the kind of person who thinks the 450 MUST be better because it 's a bigger number than the 400 , it probably wo n't matter to you anyway ...
 Due to the name brand and price , I was expecting a good improvement from my current setup . I was blown away with this experience . I bought several for myself and my cousin . Did not get a chance to hook up the cables right away because I had to move . After a few months , I found them and was so excited to connect these cables . That is when the nightmare began . I broke a sweat and said many , many bad words while trying to make these connectors fit into the back of my TV . I had to use more pressure to connect than what I expected . Once installed guess what ? The freaking things do n't work !!! I made several attempts to disconnect and connect trying to troubleshoot using both new cables . Before I forget , the darn things are even more difficult to disconnect . What the heck ? Are you kidding me ? I thought I was going to damage my TV . Now , I 'm stuck with these pieces of stuff . Do n't think I can get a refund . I have n't asked my cousin about his install experience yet . What a waste of time and money . I 'm looking to complain to MC unless Amazon can help me . Buyers beware . Both cables for PS2 and XBOX did not work .
 Then this product is for you ! Otherwise , there is NO justifiable reason to pay even Amazon.com 's marked-down price for this product . There is NO appreciable difference in video quality when using Monster component video cables ; in fact , I 've experienced the opposite . I 've been through two sets of these cables , and each time , I 've had to futz with the connection at the back of the PS2 in order to get video of ANY kind . Save your money ; buy a cheaper cable that will actually WORK .
 whatever it is , it is n't hdmi to component video that I needed and searched for in Amazaon . A waste of $ 20
 Normally in a review about a cable I would mention something about picture quality and sound . However , these cables never even got me that far . The cable fit nice and smooth into the back of my ps2 . The problem was trying to get the inputs the back of the tv . Simply stated , they were not the right size . I tried shoving the first 2 into the component inputs and with great force they somewhat wiggled in . I started on my 3rd and then decided to stop because it was n't worth the risk of breaking my tv . How a company like Monster can make a set of cables that do not correctly fit into a standard sized input is ridiculous . Do not buy these cables . Obviously some people have gotten them to work , but I read about two other people having this problem , and some people having a problem on the other end of the cord where the plug goes into the ps2 . It is just not worth it . Buy the component cable that is approved by Sony .
 I did a search for `` Wii Component cable '' and this product showed up . It was OBVIOUSLY done on purpose to show up as a Wii product when it 's really for a PS2 .
 bought to improve picture on ps2 . Cable died after a month and produced a black and white picture . Lame . It was cheap thanks to amazon so not a big loss .
 This cable comes up first in Amazon search results for `` Gamecube Component Cable '' amoungst other Gamecube video cables , so I ordered it ... Only to find out this is for PS2!I 'm sure this is a high quality cable , but why was it listed for Gamecube !? I 'm very unpleased .
 As * several * other reviewers have noted , there is a serious problem with getting these cables connected into the television . The PS2 connector clicked in smoothly , but getting the 5 cables into your televison can cause some nice damage . In order to get these things connected , you have to force them on so hard that it can easily bend/break the cable pin or input slot on the T.V. I am not exaggerating ; I literally had to have a friend hold the front of the T.V. in place while I used all my strength to force the cables into the back . After one hour -LRB- yes , one hour -RRB- of twisting , turning , sweating and pushing , I managed to get 4 or the 5 cables in . The fifth cable just would not fit . Period . No matter what . No matter who tried . Extremely agitated , I called it a night . This morning , I tried to get that last cable in again , but IT DOES NOT FIT , NO MATTER HOW HARD I FORCE IT . I finally came to the conclusion that these cables do more harm than good , so I 'm going to return them.Now here comes the good part of my story . I start taking out the 4 cables I managed to squeeze in so I could return this nightmare-of-a - product . Believe me , they are just as tough to take out as they are to get in . Since these cables are so INCREDIBLY tight , THE INPUTS WERE RIPPED RIGHT OUT OF THE T.V. ALONG WITH THE CABLES . So now I have 4 cables with televison inputs stuck inside . I needed a WRENCH to pull the T.V. inputs out of the monster cables . Now my T.V. is missing 2 audio and 2 component video connectors because they got torn out while disconnecting these `` monster '' cables . That is how tight they are . This T.V. is a brand new Samsung , but it 's not so new anymore due to the fact that 4 inputs are torn out.Please , if any good can come out of this , I can warn others not to buy these cables . My story is 100 % true . I did not exaggerate anything . Even if you manage to get the cables on , your T.V. is at serious risk of damage when have to take them out .
 What some other reviewers said is partially true , the cables dont fit well at all into my component video slots . They have no mechanism for them to hold onto and the slightest nudge pushes them out of place.Possibly because of that , they do n't even transmit a signal . No video , no audio . This is inexcusable especially after you drop 50 bones on a pair of cables that do n't even fit securely . My PS2 is rather old , considering I 've had it since launch , although this should be no reason for cables not to work . Either I have a bum copy , or Monster cable needs to make sure their cables fit properly . One other problem , the cables make almost no sense in their color coding , it took me the better part of an hour to figure out which goes into which . Is it not possible to just have the cables a different color band , such as the Xbox 360 standard cables?These minor things and the fact that I get no signal make me furious for even wasting my time with this .
 Wow , how bad can Monster be ?? I do n't think I have any problem with my Ps2 or my brand new Panasonic HD Plasma , it has to be this cable . BRAND NEW , straight out their box it did not work - heard the sound but picture was a bazaar goobletygook on screen . Assuming it was a faulty cable I returned it to Monster , they sent another BRAND NEW one back and you guessed it - IT DID THE SAME THING !! Wow that was incredibly dissapointing . Do n't know if I 'll ever bother with Monster again .
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!! it didnt work right out of the packaging . Im an intelligent person and have a brand new flat screen . I know how to install a basic component cable and also check to see if its damaged . Wasted forty dollars .
 I ordered this cable as I need a longer cable to reposition my PS2 . I thought this looked like just what I needed and the quality looked great . I hooked up the cable and as the other reviews state , the the plugs are extremely tight and very hard to get on the the tv jacks . Once I did get everything hooked up , the cable did not work properly . The signal for the sound worked fine but the video signal did not work at all . I tried reconnecting several times to no avail . Ended up returning the product . I wish I had read what others had said before ordering .
 As many others have pointed out , the connectors on these cables are WAY TOO TIGHT . They are so tight in fact , that they will actually BREAK YOUR TV 'S COMPONENT INPUTS . This is not a joke , not an exaggeration , not some crazy conspiracy , but is actual fact . I can not believe Monster let their `` turbine connector '' design out of R&D and into the real world , when it is so blatantly impossibly overly compressive . I had to use needle nose pliers to spread the connectors wide enough to fit . And finally , when I did get the darn things on the TV , the component video `` quality '' provided by these cables was n't even better than the original s-video picture ! This whole situation was a nightmare from beginning to end . Just please , do n't waste your money or your time , or risk damaging your TV . Forget these overrated Monster cables and find a different manufacturer .
 I can not stress enough for you not to buy this cable . I bought this a while ago and have just got the chance to review it . Where can I start ? I mean I took it out of the box and as I began to insert the plugs into my component inputs they WOULD NOT FIT !! I had to literally use all my strength and shove them in , I only was able to get 3 out of the 5 cables in before I stopped all together . I then said `` I am not risking the chance of buying another $ 1,200 TV '' and then as I was removing them -LRB- which took about 45 minutes and I was literally sweating as I kept yanking and TWISTING away -RRB- one of them came off ... . ALONG WITH THE INPUT COMPONENT PLUGS THAT I WAS PUSHING IT INTO . I tried the other one thinking , `` PLEASE STOP THIS TV IS TOO EXPENSIVE FOR THIS TO HAPPEN '' and as I was removing the other cord it pulled out ANOTHER INPUT PLUGIN !!!! Now I am missing 2 Component inputs on the back of my TV and this TV is not worth the $ 1,200 I spent on it . HOW DARE YOU MONSTER CABLE I TRUSTED YOU GUYS FROM BEGINNING . YOU GIVE US THIS GARBAGE AND IT COSTS $ 60 RETAIL ? NEVER AGAIN !!!!
 X-Plane customer service is horrible . Contrary to their web site , the free lifetime customer support is support with an attitude . No one there wants to talk to you , no one wants to believe that their product might have problems , basically , they do n't care about the customers . Beware customer - Beware !
 Legend of the North
 I will admit that graphics are pretty important for me and I am quite excited about the upcoming Flight Simulator 2002 which looks like it is going to have ground breaking graphics . In contrast , X-Plane features graphics that are undeniably stuck in 1995 . The terrain models are horrible up close and far away and the instrument panels are very low color 2d monstrosities . If graphics are important to you too , then do n't even think about playing this game without first downloading the demo . As for talk about the flight model being realistic -- I find that the planes are easier to fly in X-Plane than in MSFS2000 which I also find more boring .
 I recently purchased the latest version of this software . My initial impression of the sim was very favorable . When I tried to exit the program my PC -LRB- Dell PIII 933 , nvidia TNT2 graphics card -RRB- consistently froze . After getting no response from the technical service either by phone or email I finally called the designer . The standard response was the video driver was not correct even though it is the one they recommend . As of now I am still not able to get the program to run well . My advice to any considering this purchase is if the program runs well , great , but if it does not do not expect alot of help from the manufacturer .
 If you are tired of paying a lot of money for a software that does not work without a lot of your own help , then buy some other flight simulator . I am trying to give a fair review of this product although I am rather frustrated . Here is my personal experience with this program
 well , I have to admit . . I DO NOT OWN THE GAME . but from the demo it was n't very impressive . I own a whole bunch of flight sim stuff-Ch yoke , pedals-the works . When I started the demo I got these random alerts about the problems my computer was having but it said it could fix them . I plugged in my yoke and pedals expecting that the game would recognize them -LRB- considering that it did say to go to CH 's website for sticks and yokes -RRB- . I push the throttle ... nothing happens . ? well , ok and I went to the settings and finally set up all the controls after about 30 minutes of frustration . -LRB- THE DARN THING DIDN `` T COME WITH A READ ME OR ANYTHING . . IT LEFT ME ALL ON MY OWN WITS -RRB- well , now that I set my controls -LRB- only half of them because half the controls were n't even on the list of controls . For a matter fo fact , the game only lets you look left and right , the rest is panning . It did n't recognize the hat switch of flipper switches for gears so I could n't lower or raise gears . very frusterating . Well , then I thought
 I got the game at the stare it looked pretty cool with the Nasa sapce shuttle reentry , but when i installed it the frame rates were very low I couldnt get off the ground , Plus my computer is 700 mhz ,128 mb ram , amd processor , and still went slow ! , i recommend buy this game if u have a really fast computer otherwise go with Microsft Flight sim 2000 , the game is awesome exept less planes , better frame rates , no atc !
 My wife bought it for me because I am a pilot and I enjoy flight simulations , but mostly the flight simulation games . We gave $ 30 for X-plane V5 but you can get this version now either for free or for under $ 10 if you look around . Really it 's not worth anything so please do not run right out and buy it . At least try the downloadable demo first.X-plane is n't a game , it 's a flight sim program . A flight sim and a flight sim game are two completely different things . In a flight sim you just `` fly '' your computerized airplane from one airport to another . If you think that 's incredibly boring you are right . In a flight sim game you get to blow things up , and others get to shoot you down , so there 's never a dull moment in a real flight sim game.I installed X-plane V5 , I had nothing but problems with it . The graphics are bad . The flight model is n't realistic . I laughed when I read someone else 's `` good '' review of the product and they said `` It 's so smooth ! '' Yes it is and the kind of smoothness that it has is not realistic . Graphic scenery viewers are smooth to ; they have no character at all . Real airplanes have character.The joystick on X-plane V5 allows for two joysticks but only allows for 3 functions and they were programmed wrong . I 've only got one joystick on this computer yet the default in the X-plane sim was for joystick 2 ? The airplanes do everything they can to turn upside down , I took screenshots of the F-22 that literally flipped over on the runway and took off down the side of the runway upside down , all without me ever touching the controls.The graphics inside and outside of the airplanes and the terrain are without question among the very worst I 've ever seen . The control panel is nothing but basic computer graphics thrown on the screen in a rectangle with a tiny window above so you can see out . Apparently there 's an option that allows the user to change the graphics if they know how to create their own graphics.Airplanes all fly by the principles of aerodynamics , but every type of airplane has a unique feeling and characteristics all of its own . In X-plane V5 each time you change aircraft it changes your control panel . It changes your speed and stall settings , but all the airplanes have exactly the same problem . They have no feeling to them at all.Tired and not thinking clearly , I decided I should get the latest patches for X-plane . I went to the X-plane website and in my fatigue I missed the small link to the older files . The FAQ 's were no help so I sent a message to the author , Austin Meyer who promptly sent me a rude message to let me know I was a stupid idiot and there was nothing wrong with his software . In three different messages he let me know I was a stupid idiot . Yes I am , I should never have allowed my wife to buy his software.A software vender or author should never insult their customers for any reason . I was astounded at the great effort he went to to insult me . Do n't make the same mistake I made with this software.They say X-plane is better than MS Flight sim , I 'm confident they paid the guy to say that so they could write it on the box . I have tested MS Flight sim 95 and 2000 and I can tell you X-plane is not better than MS Flight Sim . Being a pilot with a brother who is a flight instructor I can tell you that you will not find X-plane in his school , but you will find MS Flight Sims.Anyone who wants to read the full review and see the graphics can do so on the old Independent Software Consultants website at Http://www.dream-link.org/ISC Just go to the simulation games and then to flight sims .
 I bought one of these thinking that it would somehow enance my Playstation 2 , but it did n't . This is simply a ten foor long power cable with a 24k Gold plated connectors and features a much thicker cable . Nothing really worth paying the extra money for . I would have to pass this one down , and I will not purchase one of these for my next home console .
 No building up your civilization and no way to get new soldiers once they are killed . Not even close to the level of AOE II .
 If you are buying this game in the hopes that it is a WWII version of AOE II , do n't ! The game gives you a certain number of soldiers and when they are gone that is it , the scenario is done . No build up of troops . No way to get more troops . No chance to defeat some of these missions . It 's fun for an hour or so .
 This game sucked . It was slow and uninteresting . - The interface was awkward - motion and characters were user UNfriendly - it was not addictive nor captured my attention in the slightest - this seemed like low budget , small plot type of gamePlease do n't wate your money . < Like I unfortunately did > There are so many better games at the same price.Lates , jules .
 If there is one thing I hate it is when games cheat . This game gives each unit two range statistics , sight range and weapon range . Playing this game even on its easiest setting , I continually got wiped out by units that supposedly had short ranges . Even my snipers -LRB- which supposedly have long vision ranges and weapon ranges -RRB- could n't barely see other units before getting killed . Snipers behind trees were no match for SMG units standing in the open . It was particularly lovely to see artillery out ranged by riflemen ! With the cheat code to turn off the fog of war , this game became playable , but you should n't need to do that . Also I am tired of games that do n't have mission editors . Yes this game is cool because you supposedly have lots of units at your disposal , but that hype means nothing when you do n't have the ability to choose . There are much better combat games out there .
 The Amazon review of this game is accurate . You may get a cast of hundreds in this game , but the gameplay is simple and routine . If you 're looking for a game with large numbers of combatants , try Shogun
 -- If this game had an expansion in which you could build structures and train units , this game would be the bomb . -- However thats not going to happen . I appreciate the reality of it being that , in war , you have a certain amount of men to accomplish something with and thats it . However in this game , it makes it way too difficult.I found the graphics to be over the top and the maps truely realistic . The units were detailed nicely . Thumbs up to the artists . Thumbs DOWN to whoever combined the fog of war to initial enemy placement and their AI . Hell , even on easy and the first mission map , my guys were getting wiped out no matter which direction I wanted to send them . I would send a few tanks into the fog of war , so I could start getting a better view of the map . Instead of gaining intelligence on enemy placement , I start getting shot out of view and having grenades and missles obliterate the tanks in a mere 2 seconds . I cant counter attack , because the fog of war doesnt disappear when Im being attacked . This was a HUGE frustrator . No matter how fast I would try to mobilize my troops and get a plan going , I was being invaded by the enemy and blown to bits in a matter of minutes . Im not a cheater at heart , but I think I will retry this game with the cheat that lifts the fog of war , just so I can accomplish some of the missions . This by far was not my first RTS game . I am quite excellent at C&C 1 and 2 , etc.Maybe if they toned down enemy firepower or at least lifted the fog of war when your being attacked , or give you triple visibility when revealing new areas , the game could be more tolerable . But , for the simple fact that difficulty and fog of war impede gameplay , this game gets 2 stars instead of its well deserving 5 for graphics alone.I would suggest the new title Real War over this one .
 Some people sing this game 's praises , but the fact is that poor pathfinding , an utter lack of realism -LRB- infantry squads can destroy entire tank columns , B-17s fly close air support , ... -RRB- , and brain-dead AI make this game an exercise in frustration for most game players . Players new to gaming might enjoy the game 's graphics and large number of available units , but the game 's weaknesses will soon wear on them as well .
 I have my own rule when it comes to buying new games . Never buy the game without playing the demo first . I violated that rule on this one and boy , do I regret it.If you have never played a strategy game before , or perhaps if you have not played anything since the first SimCity came out , this will seem like it 's great . But ... after Starcraft , Age of Empires , and Empire Earth , this is downright pedantic . The graphics are adequate , the AI is terrible , the gameplay is awkward , words are misspelled , navigating the menus is a pain , and the instruction manual is barely enough to get started.If you want to play a good strategy game , get Empire Earth and set it to WWII if that is what you are desperate to play . If you want to play a realistic wargame , get Operational Art of War . If you want to find out how many half-truths can be written on the side of a software box , get this one.I recommend you do n't .
 Only word I can say is this game has the nice graphic but the rolling screen hurting my eyes . pretty hard to win the game . . I do n't have any fun playing this game .
 I played this game until Chapter 23 . All the Dancing Levels were VERY HARD to beat ! I think this game is not worth buying -- rent it !
 My son begged for this game , and the price is reasonable compared to some games so we added it to our collection . He enjoyed levels 1 & 2 , but once we got to level 3 that was it ! Unless you have earned the nickname `` Fast fingers '' or `` Fury Feet '' do n't bother purchasing this until you rent it . I spent an hour trying to beat level 3 for my 6 year old the only thing I discovered was that I did equally as well when I randomly hit the 4 keys as quickly as possible -LRB- about 57 % accurate -RRB- as I did actually keeping up . Being this is only level 3 I can only imagine the `` Dance Levels '' get harder from here , Good Luck !!!
 The gameplay is just foolish and found the game annoying and un-fun ! The kids did n't even like it . Run , do n't walk away from this dentist-office of a game JAWS-cr@p . -LRB- JAWS = Just another W. Smith -RRB-
 This game is a joke ! It is immpossible for a child to get past level 3 . It took my husband about 20 tries to get past it , and he is a pro at video games . -LRB- he beat mech 2 for x-box and halo2 the third time he played them . -RRB- Do n't buy this game for your kids until you rent it and let them try it out . It is was a waste of money my kids wo n't even play it . It should be rated N for Nobody !
 I played this game and at first I thought it was cool but then the levels started to suck . Like at level 3 it took me a month to beat it then I finally did . And all the other dancing levels got harder and harder but then I finally got it . And the worst part of it is that Oscar was n't as fresh as he was in the movie .
 I got this game cause it was a good price , and the reviews at the time were fairly good . But I have to agree with the other reviews that this game is a joke . I 'm an avid game player , and - like others have said - I had difficulty in getting past level 3 - it was n't a fun challenge to get past it either ! Just smashing buttons - AND I did just as well smashing buttons randomly . Gave my game to Good Will !
 my kid played the game for 5 min only , it is not fun . if you want to try it just rent it
 I picked up this game along with Resistance when I first bought my PS3 after reading a few shining reviews in the gaming mags . According to these reviews , the real selling point of this game is the engrossing plot . Unfortunately , I was never able to enjoy the plot because of the rediculous gameplay . The whole `` avoid the light '' thing is interesting , but the real flaw here is the game is TOO real to life . There are dozens of street lamps on every map and you 'll have to pause every 20 feet to shoot them all out to avoid losing power , nevermind that there are hordes of gangsters trying to cap you all the while . The `` darkness powers '' are supposed to make this whole process a little bit easier , but are n't really that effective . Do n't even get me started on the uselessness of the darklings , who die almost instantly after touching any light whatsoever.Ignoring all of the things that are supposed to make this game unique , it does n't even stand up as a decent first person shooter -LRB- just to give you an idea , aiming is facilitated by a rediculous red dot in the middle of the screen -RRB- . There 's no effective way to manage your weapons , so when you run out of ammo with one gun the next one just pops randomly into your hands out of some invisible queue . The idea here was that they were trying to get rid of the `` heads-up display '' that can tend to block a lot of the action in first person shooters . Unfortunately , it just ended up being a big mess , and it 's not like there are no menus involved at all here . Every time you get a new objective you must enter a menu to figure out what you 're supposed to be doing . It 's not that big of a deal , a lot of games do this , though I do find it somewhat annoying . The real problem with this setup is the fact that the font they used is so tiny it 's almost unreadable on a standard definition TV . If you 're like the mojority of PS3 owners out there who have n't yet made the switch to high-def , you 'll be doing a lot of squinting.The one good thing I can say about this game is the graphics are pretty good , but there are a lot of games out there with good graphics AND gameplay . As for the supposedly wonderful plot , it boils down to every lame mobster cliche in the book with some tacked on occult powers . If you must experience `` The Darkness '' , just pick up the comics . On the other hand , if you want to spend 20 minutes sneaking into little Suzie 's bedroom to unplug her nightlight so your minions wo n't be incinerated on the street below , by all means , play the game .
 I played it for a few hours and gave it away . It was just not my cup of tea . Way too dark . Perhaps the name should have tipped me off .
 - Bad controls-Uninvolved storyFun premise , but overall is a failure to me . I sold my copy on ebay . It seems like they did n't finish it . The world is empty , and enemies are just wandering around . It seems like everyone walking on the sidewalk is just there to shoot you , seems so stupid and unrealistic . Random portals where you summon creatures from do n't make sense , they 're placed in the sidewalk ... why?Don ' t waste your time and money on this game .
 This game is the antithesis of fun . It is almost painful to play . This is odd because there is no one aspect of the game that is individually bad . The graphics are good . The control scheme is solid . The voice acting is adequate . The loading is a little slow , but not worse than many other games . Somehow it all combined to make a game that is less than the sum of its parts .
 This game had an interesting premise but it failed to capitalize on it . We 're never given important elements of the story and the main character just seems wrong . Furthermore , the game does n't work well as a shooter and the Darkness aspect of the game , which is what makes it unique , is difficult to use and really not that interesting . Mainly the game is just boring and shooting out all the lights gets old really fast . I was n't able to finish the game because I lost interest . Fortunately , I paid less than $ 10 for it but even then it 's not worth it .
 I have never written a review but felt compelled by my disappointment . This game is bad , very bad . The whole concept is ridiculous , you spend more time shooting lights than people . It was so boring I literally could not play it past the first few levels . Save your money , do n't buy this game !
 I did n't enjoy this game at all , i would waste my money on it if i had the choice again . The gameplay is n't too fun , at first its ok , but then
 the designers of the game decided that I MUST learn to shoot with my middle finger . I decided NOT to waste my time and to return the game . anyway , the plot and gameplay is idiotic .
 If the game is so great , why is n't there a decent trailer that shows the actual gameplay?You can go online and see reviews about how `` great '' yesterday 's games were also ... I can read 100 positive reviews , but I still wo n't buy a $ 60 game until I can see the darned thing - at least ONE SECOND of game play ... come on , do n't tell me all the marketing money was wasted on a teaser !
 The Darkness is a first person adventure game with prevalent crime and horror themes . Interactions with the environment are limited , and the mood and feel of the game leaves me with nothing but disgust . Avoid this game at all costs .
 This is what I think of the game ... BLAHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now that that 's out of the way , I can tell you all about this video game . You get to play as Oscar , the fish and do nothing but work at the Whale Wash , swim and fight a really nice shark that has a problem with killing animals like Oscar . Oscar does n't need the title , Shark Slayer !! Anyway I ca n't tell you how a story about rapping fish came to be a video game . I mean Finding Nemo the video game was n't that bad , but they made a really bad movie into an even worse video game . That is all .
 An absolutely horrid game . Repetetive , pointless , with no real skills needed -- random luck seems to be all that is required . Music becomes maddening after 3 minutes . Avoid this at all costs . Shame on you , Activision .
 got it for -LSB- ... -RSB- clearance . went home , played it , beat it in 30 minuits . waste of time and money
 When I saw the movie , I thought it was very bad so I almost instantly knew that this was going to be a bad game . So instead of buying it I rented it ! I thought it was very boring.DON ' T BUY IT RENT THIS GAME !!
 What the heat is oscar doing on the game it sucks on game boy advance.I got this toy for chrismas and the only thing oscar was doing is dangceing . A scark was about to eathim but all he keep doing was go on whith self so I just let him die.-Love jasmine-Arizona RULES1111111111
 Listen I 've been writing a lot of the Shark Tale GBA game reviews on Amazon and do n't like the game at all . Like oh my gosh it 's like so bad I the movie . See who I am ?
 This product does not work ! I went to the manufacturer 's website to get support to fix the problem and what they suggested did not work ! They offer no other solutions and I had to return the product . Do n't waste your time or money on this sham of a product !
 I completely agree with Parent on this one ! I would like to give it 0 stars , but I ca n't . I got this product for my daughter who just started kindergarten , and when I went to install it said my system was not compatible ? Okay then ... I do n't know where to go to get troubleshooting advice on how to install the game for my system , and now I have a very sad and disappointed crying 6 year old who does n't understand why mommy wont let her play her new game . So nice to have a product for children that even adults ca n't figure out how to run .
 The PC and PS2 servers were shut down . Nothing will run . The game wo n't even allow single player story mode . This should be removed .
 The problem with this product is not the game , but the platform.If you want to play this game , do n't play it on PC or PS2 . The PC/PS2 servers are merged and the servers are divided by continents , whereas the XBOX 360 version is much more populated -LRB- albeit with many idiots -RRB- and stretches beyond countries . Not only that , but the PC resolution and controls are weird . To access the menu , you hit the HOME key , and to attack with any weapon , you hit the DOWN arrow . Seriously.Aside from that , the game itself is tons of fun , if not flat and repetitive . This is a game for people who enjoy the ego maniacal pleasures of making a detailed character and buffing them up to level 150 . : -RRB-
 I played Phantasy Star online for over ten years . i decided to give this one a try even though I heard plenty of complaints about it . The storyline mode is extremely annoying . It does so much pointless talking and there seems to be no way to skip it . If you die in this game you have to start all over from your last save point . That means you have to watch the annoying chat parts over and over again.The game play is very difficult . You have to keep changing weapons because they power down . The magic is total crap because you need to put it on a weapon . So to change magic you need to change weapons . Also very annoying.This is not a game for a beginner at all . I spent 7 dollars for the game and shipping and I think I over paid . I reached a lvl 29 and got bored .
 I rented this game and returned it the next day because between my and my friend we could not get past the dancing scene we tried for like an hour and could n't get past it do n't waste your time or patience with this annoying game .
 At the first it was so fun , but then when I got to the dancing part , I asked my mom and dad to do it , but they could n't do it . So I just had to do it myself , but I could n't , and then one day my daddy beat that part . Then he beat the other dancing part , and when i finally got to the giant eel , I beat the crap out of it in peace and harmony . But , the dancing parts were so hard , please do n't remember em . If you have this game , you may like the dancing part , but I think it 's a piece of junk.Justin 51/2 years -LRB- typed by mom -RRB- Mom 's note - This is a terrible game . Buy Shrek 2 instead . The dancing parts were so hard that neither me or my husband could get the necessary 75 % accuracy to advance . It is not fun . DON `` T BUY THIS !!!
 this is soooooo dull and boring and the dancing parts are wayyyy to hard and dumb . Throw this in the trash can and get the movie instead
 I rented this game for my 3 year old . Who loves the movie . He tried to play it . He like it . I tried to play it & got to the dancing part . I could n't get past it . I tried for 5 days . My rental time was up . I returned it . I have n't rented it since . This game is way too hard to beat . And my 3 year old got bored with it real fast . I would NOT recommend this game to anyone . Do n't waste your money buying it . Unless you are an expert with video games . I 'm just thankful that I rented it instead of buying it .
 I would not get this game because it is way too hard . The game is good until you get up to the part where oscar is dancing on the news . You will never make it ! Before you get to the dancing part . A crab has to give you instructions . It 's really weird , you have to circle around furniture to get it and when oscar is dreaming in someone else bed , you have to swim away from a deadly shark with red eyes . At the end of your dream , you hear the shark say `` hello '' . Then oscar wakes up and says `` huh ? '' The game was very boring ! I do n't think it would be good for any ages . It is either boring or too hard .
 I was looking forward to driving a bunch of Alfa Romeos around some good tracks . And in the game you get to do that , but because the steering in this game is so bad , using a controller or wheel , it makes the game not much fun . While it could be argued that the steering too accurately represents Alfa 's , that is not the case . I drive an Alfa almost every day and this game is not representative of that experience . But , if you are into Alfa 's , I can understand how you must have it anyway .
 I played the original Dark Fall several years ago and enjoyed it . I thought the sequel , being new and modern , would be an improvement on the original . I was wrong . Dark Fall 2 : Lights Out was boring and difficult from beginning to end . I finished the game only because I hate leaving loose ends behind . I forced myself to finish it , and said a big THANK YOU when the credits rolled so that I could uninstall it from my computer.It was a very tedious game which jumps through ages from stone age to future . On the surface , that sounds interesting , but in reality , it was difficult and nonsensical .
 I bought this game because of the reviews for Dark Fall
 This is a game which can not make up it 's mind -LRB- I know that people created it -RRB- as to what it wants to be . Is it going , as advertised , to be a creepy adventure story ? Is it going to be a scary whodunit ? Is it going to be a horror filled thrill ride ? No , No , & No . It is a boring , plodding sci-fi wannabe , detective story maybe,brain-teaser oughta-be , ripoff ! Not creepy , graphically ridiculous -LRB- there are more scenes and interesting content in a Mighty Mouse cartoon -RRB- with a plot so loose that it needsKaopectate . I love a good chilling adventure but this ai n't it !
 `` The Tower '' is a port of the 1990s game `` SimTower , '' which itself was n't all that interesting . Here 's the entire premise of the game
 The first piece I ordered did not work . The replacement worked but one of the thumbsticks was behaving erratically . After misicing and matching components from the original and replacement set , i was able to make it work . But after a month of sparse use , the unit stopped working again ! Until they learn to make more reliabile devices , keep away from these units .
 do not buy this game i mean when i played it i started crying i was so mad i tore the game up -LRB- of course i got in trouble -RRB- i went crazy man i starting punching everything in the house the mirror broke the tv fell and of course broke
 This game is simply a nightmare . If somebody could get through the game , I 'm impressed . Especially the dancing stages . This game was a COMPLETE waste of $ 50 .
 After listening to this dumb game yell `` Oh G ** '' for about 5 minutes I turned it off on the kids and they have never even asked to play it again . I am returning it as soon as I get the chance . The shark chase scared my son -LRB- who likes the Hobbit ... ie . not easily scared by a game -RRB- and all the stupid fish kept yelling was `` Oh G ** '' . It maybe could have been a cute game but not worth it for the play and the profanity . If you find that even games are getting offensive language and hate it send a complaint and return it . I have sent the complaint to Dreamworks and will be returning it !!
 This game is the worst . You have to make it through each level to get to the next , and it 's hard even for an adult . It 's the absolute worst game ever . They do n't even warn you , on the box , that you have to complete each level before you get to the next . My son kept asking when he could play the dancing part , and how he could find Angie . We never made it past level 2 and are returning it immediately .
 This game is just awful . I bought this for my 4 year old daughter and on the first level she asked to help her beat the shark . The second level is even worse ... she was bored within 10 minutes . Not worth the $ 50 bucks , not even worth $ 4.99 video rental !!
 WORST GAME EVER IT WAS TARBILE ALL THE 3D ACTION WAS FLAT GO BUY SOME OTHER GAME
 Adventure games are the only type of computer game I am interested in , and I have played all of them I could find . This one is , without a doubt , the worst of all . Absolutely the only challenge to the game is trying to avoid falling off planks and rocks , something that becomes increasingly difficult as the game progresses . I got into the fourth world before becoming so annoyed and even angry that I quit and almost threw the thing in the trash . Not only is the game itself a flop , but my computer did n't even like it , freezing up at times in its own frustration.Another major problem with the game is that there is no way to save , so that unless you make adequate progress in a given world , you are forced to continue or else start that segment all over again in your next session.Graphics and some of the concepts are interesting , but those good points dimmed as my blood pressure rose . This is the only game I feel I totally wasted my money on .
 I 'm completely obsessed with Michael Ende 's book The Neverendung Story , and so was thrilled when I learned that a computer game was going to be based on it . I waited for two years for this , and now I am extremely disappointed . -LRB- First I should say that I only played the first world and part of the second , so my opinion is entirely based upon that . -RRB- Ende 's story is rich and infinitely creative , but AURYN Quest seems bland and typical . The premise is that the magical amulet AURYN has been stolen and you must play as Atreyu to find it . The Neverending Story is nothing like that ! AURYN is more of a symbol rather than a magical object , and it is never stolen ! The Neverending Story is about following your heart and discovering the true meaning of desire - not about mindless quests ! I feel as if the makers of this game decided to take the easy way out and rework The Neverending Story is make it like any other boring story out there . This is very sad because Michael Ende tried his hardest to make his book anything but ordinary ! The graphics seemed okay , but the levels were mostly uninteresting . I noticed many elements of Ende 's book , but they were all changed and lacked any depth . AURYN Quest may not be a bad game -LRB- I did n't play the whole thing again , -RRB- but I 'm just disappointed that its creators made hardly any effort to capture any of the depth and richness of the original story . I hope some other company decides to make another game based on The Neverending Story one day , because if done properly , it would blow the gaming world away !!!
 * sigh * I went in search of a Dreamcatcher game ... usually they are your standard original Myst , click and move , puzzle games . I saw this , thought it was one of those and got it . This is NOT a puzzle game . This is a platform jumping , energy ball collecting piece of junk ! I read a review somewhere -LRB- sadly AFTER buying it -RRB- that said this was a game made by people who HATE the Neverending Story ... I have to agree . If you like not being able to save , having to do the same levels over and over and over so you can find that last energy ball -LRB- ca n't save the level 'til you have all 10 -RRB- , obnoxious platform jumping and running along ledges that there 's no way your avatar could be running on , then this is for you . If you 're sane ... stay away . The graphics are gorgeous , but it just is n't worth it . Oh , and I got 9 out of 10 of the energy balls on the first level . I 've seen the 10th ball , but only by leaping to my death ... as I fall off the edge of the world , I turned and saw the ball through a grate ... but I have NO idea how to find it and live ...
 I bought this expecting the traditional quest game ... solve puzzles , use items , rearrange things , etc. . The other reviews give an adequate description when they say you jump around collecting energy balls . It is VERY boring ! There is no picking up items or using them , which is what quest games I prefer have . And to my title , I played the first world entirely collecting all ten energy balls because you ca n't save until you clear a world , and I did n't want to have to return to find the others . When I was done , I felt terribly nauseated . I am not one who , when playing video games , gets sick , so I believed it must have been something I ate . The next day , I played the second world . I found nine of the ten energy balls and again felt extremely nauseated . I gave up finding the last energy ball because of how I felt . I believe it is the way you navigate through the game that gave me the nausea . Since I have no desire to return to bed with a cold rag on my head , this game is going directly in the trash .
 Being an avid fan of 4x4 Evolution -LRB- the original -RRB- , I figured I would love 4x4 EVO 2 . I was quite a master at the first one , finally able to beat most of the races . So I jumped into 4x4 EVO 2 . What a mistake . This game is SO tough . I have already been playing for a month and I have yet to win a race , yet I do everything the same as I did in the first version that won me the races . I travel straight , keep my wheels on the ground , avoid obstacles , turn carefully as to not scrub speed , yet everytime I am racing I get passed like I am standing still no matter what I am driving . Then to make it worse , everytime I hit even the slightest obstacle with my 14 '' lift and 37 '' race tires , I come to a screeching halt while other drivers seem to bounce right off it . Then if they hit me -LRB- which they always do because they ca n't drive and keep a line -RRB- it sends me into boulders or trees or whatever , but if I hit them , they simply get right back onto track going even faster than before . I think this game has some serious AI issues to work out . Maybe in the next version they should have multiple levels -LRB- like beginner , amateur , ace , pro or something -RRB- and make it a little easier to win every once in a while . I used to play the original for hours at a time , but with 4x4 EVO 2 , I make it through 3 races in 3rd or 4th place and I quit . Then I go back into 4x4 EVO and play and I can win again . The graphics are good , the sounds could be improved , but are fair , and I like the additions to the game play -LRB- such as missions and teams -RRB- . I wish that this could be geared a little more toward the beginner as I see plenty of people could become easily frustrated and ditch the game as I have . But at least the game company made their money , right ?
 Where do I begin . This game CLAIMS to have LOTS OF UPGRADES and TRUCKS , it does , but there 's only about 8 NEW UPGRADES , and they GOT RID OF FORD . I 'm not a FORD fan , but FORD has some cool trucks . Also , WHERE ARE THE BIG TRUCKS ?! No 2500 models -LRB- except SUV 's -RRB- They had LEXUS in this game but NO HEAVY DUTY TRUCKS ! There are some NEW CARRER MODES , and THEY DO HAVE JEEP , but thats the only reason I gave this game 2 stars . The CHASE CAMERA changes angles , if you go slow ; it 's like your LOOKING AT YOUR FEET . If you go to fast it becomes difficult to see your truck . They had a bumper view and a a blimp view also , but that 's it . If you ' r just going to use cheats than this can be a great game , but you ca n't use the MONSTER TRUCK in career till GMC likes you . It 's to HARD TO WIN also . All the other racers are always 1 foot ahead of you , they have faster and heavyer cars too . However , your truck does get dirty and you do get to wash it . This is just my opinion , it really is n't too bad with cheats , but if you stink at racing , stay away from the race menu on this game . One good game is CABELLAS ' 4X4 OFF-ROAD ADVENTURE . That game is easy enough you wo n't really need cheats , and hardenough you wont be board any time soon . Thank 's for taking the time to read this . Sep. 23 , 2002
 Where do I begin . This game CLAIMS to have LOTS OF UPGRADES and TRUCKS , it does , but there 's only about 8 NEW UPGRADES , and they GOT RID OF FORD . I 'm not a FORD fan , but FORD has some cool trucks . Also , WHERE ARE THE BIG TRUCKS ?! No 2500 models -LRB- except SUV 's -RRB- They had LEXUS in this game but NO HEAVY DUTY TRUCKS ! There are some NEW CARRER MODES , and THEY DO HAVE JEEP , but thats the only reason I gave this game 2 stars . The CHASE CAMERA changes angles , if you go slow ; it 's like your LOOKING AT YOUR FEET . If you go to fast it becomes difficult to see your truck . They had a bumper view and a a blimp view also , but that 's it . If you ' r just going to use cheats than this can be a great game , but you ca n't use the MONSTER TRUCK in career till GMC likes you . It 's to HARD TO WIN also . All the other racers are always 1 foot ahead of you , they have faster and heavyer cars too . However , your truck does get dirty and you do get to wash it . This is just my opinion , it really is n't too bad with cheats , but if you stink at racing , stay away from the race menu on this game . One good game is CABELLAS ' 4X4 OFF-ROAD ADVENTURE . That game is easy enough you wo n't really need cheats , and hard enough you wo n't be bored any time soon . Thank 's for taking the time to read this . Sep. 23 , 2002
 I paid for the First Edition of 4x4 Evo , and got an unfinished game . The game was fun and occasionally playable , but the release was riddled with bugs that made things like opening a saved game impossible . When the patch was released to fix the unfinished product it was a PC only patch . I hope Aspyr has gotten better with 4x4 2 , but I feel totally ripped off by the original version of the game ...
 I guess I expect for games to work correctly when I pay good money for them . This game would barely install ... took 45 minutes !!! When I finally got it installed , it would n't play , it just kept trying to reinstall . After repeated efforts , I finally got it installed . Once it begins to play , it has many glitches ... like an old LP that skips over and over . If my son has to leave the computer to go to the bathroom , the game shuts down and you have to go through reinstalling it again . I am terribly dissatisfied with this game ! I wish I had my money back .
 So this is what we get after all these years of waiting ? An updated version of Duke Nukem 2 ? This game looks great , it has the same Duke Nukem attitude , but its watered down somewhat . The biggest problem with Manhattan Project is it 's 3rd person side-scrolling view , just a terrible , backwards idea . It would have been really cool if this game used Raven 's GHOUL II engine , as it stands you need a magnifying glass to see all the action in this game . The save game feature needs some work too , why do programmers want to restrict where and when I can save my game ?? That is very annoying . And if you think you get a lot of weapons to play with , think again.Plus the strippers in the game do n't strip like in the previous Duke Nukems , what a rip-off !!
 Duke Nukem Manhattan project is a 3D sidescroller and is the fourth Duke Nukem game . You as Duke Nukem must save the planet from the mutants and their cybrog leader . I played the game in the OpenGL video mode and it runs great , Direct3D is also available . It is the best looking sidescroller i have ever played , The graphics and sound are great . The single player is quite dissappointing , The game is not very long and it is mostly shoot everything that moves and the puzzles are just find the key card . There is nothing new between the levels and it is not a hard game , besides the boss in the seventh episode the rest of the game was easy . Duke Nukem Manhattan project is disappointing .
 What happened to this game ? This game is in 3rd person !! What is up with that ? Poor Duke , I hate to see you go this way ` ol buddy . This would have been a great follow-up to the original , but not after playing Duke in 1st person for so long . Good-bye old freind . We all hope to see the real Duke again someday . This was a disapointment . Do n't get me wrong , for what it is , the graphics are good . If you had never played the other it might be OK .
 The game requires more computer than I have - at least in order to SEE it . It REQUIRES one of two video cards - nVidia GeForce 7600 or GTS/ATI Radion HD 2600 with 256MB ram . They recommend even higher performance cards with 512MB ram . These requirements were not listed on the Amazon page . I acnot rate the game higher because I can not play it . My computer is 2.6 GHz Intel Core 2 , Windows 7 -LRB- 64 bit -RRB- with 4GB ram and many available GB of hard disk space left . But it only has the standard Intel chip set video adapter . I do n't play often enough to buy another $ 100 worth of video card .
 If you liked Duke Nukem 3D , you may hate Manhattan Project . I 've just wasted -LSB- amt -RSB- on this game . Problem is that you CAN NOT move forward or back ! You can ONLY move left or right . I thought there was a problem with my joystick/keyboard/config / etc but No that appears to be the way this game was made . I ran Duke 3D and it worked perfectly . I was really looking forward to this game and am a little upset at the -LSB- dummy -RSB- who decided to make it a `` side scroller '' as it just does not make sense . This is exactly why people `` borrow '' software and I wish I would have done that as I could have saved some money .
 Side scroller , no 3-D . The first Dukes were much better . Save your money for Doom III . You 'll find my copy of DNMP on eBay in a bit .
 Real Lame . `` Earth Worm Jim '' is a better buy . Worst Duke Nukem game ever .
 This is the most dissapointing PC game I have bought in quite a while . I enjoyed the earlier Duke titles and thought they were great FPS games . The Manhatten Project retains some of the feel of the previous Duke games but is not up to par with its ancestors . The biggest complaint I have is with the user interface . It is nearly impossible to control the on-screen character with either keyboard commands or the joystick . Also , the horizontal only movement and the third person perspective does not work well with a shoot-em-up such as this . I like the graphics and the game concept but control is of paramount importance in a shooter and this game just does not have it .
 Seems they 've fooled a few folks , but not me . They slap the name Duke Nukem on an old Mario Bros engine and expect it to hold it 's own in the wake of games like SOF2 , MoHAA , RTCW and GTA3!Installed & tried the game , deleted from my HD , resealed the box and promptly returned it for a full cash refund - What a waste of time and effort - Weak pizza !
 Do n't believe the others who give this game 5 stars . This game is nowhere as good as Duke3d . Sure , if you want side scrollers then this game may be good for you although it sure does n't beat the Commander Keen series as well as other platform games out there . Moreover , this game was released as a result of 3drealms 's once again failed attempt to get DNF out the door .
 I just downloaded the demo , and I can not believe the released this trash . It does not even live up to it previous titles . even if you go back before dukenukem 3d , the old games are far more superior . they told and old game and put a new setup on it so it would work in windows xp . dont buy it go get aliens vs preditors , or something . i just never expected 2 steps back form 3d gamers software company , they must have fired the old programmers and have a newbee programming . It is sad said hunk of junk . if you like 3rd person shooters max payne , counterstrike much beter , that is why i quit playing dukenuken in the first place .
 Regretably this not the same type first person shooter as Duke Nukem 3D , this is a sorry Acrade style spin off that I 've since gotten rid of and I warn people away from purchasing .
 Do n't waste your Gaming Computer and game playing time with this game unless you missing playing on your GameBoy . Limited two Dimension play with uncreative graphics . Not a true sequel .
 As a fan of Duke from the beginning I was a little disappointed by this release . Seems like in 2002 we could ask for better ... . Come on , a side-scroller with poor graphics and no network play ? Thats so dated . I have a P3 not a 486 . Soured by this experience I anxiously await the Duke Nukem Forever release of the `` Real '' game . Out in ... forever . = -LRB-
 Very disappointed in this version of Duke Nukem . I did n't care for the side motion and third person view . Previous versions although DOS based were much funnier to play . Also it ran like ... on my computer running Win ME .
 Well this game is pretty good but i thought the battles were too easy all you do is press the attack button and go get something to eat . another bad thing is the game itself . it takes so much of your spare time you have to choose whether to play the game or do stuff you actually need to do.The only good thing about this game is the enviorment . but its so laggy in most places you cant enjoy the scenery . I on behalf of most people that actually have a social life would hate this game just like me ! I HATE THIS GAME !
 Anarchy Online is a Massive Multiplayer Online Roleplaying Game -LRB- MMORPG -RRB- based in the distant future . Gamers play one of three sides -LRB- either the corporate Omnis , the undeclared neutrals , or the rebel Clans -RRB- . The game has PvP , decent graphics , and is auto-combat -LRB- you point , click , and the game continues to attack until you tell it otherwise , rather than `` twitch '' combat like Quake or Unreal Tournament -RRB- . While not as buggy as the original release version of the game , AO is still very unbalanced game-play wise , has bugs that have yet to be fixed , and has yet to deliver on a number of promises concerning content . Note that this is NOT a `` next generation '' of Anarchy Online , but simply a repackaging of the original game with a few improvements.If you 're wondering why the description of the actual game is so short , the answer is simple
 The game does not have a unique concept . Interface controls are still poorly layed out . Players viewpoint is though adjustable , keeps shifting -LRB- even in locked down behind the character mode -RRB- Game play itself , in a word , boring ... LAGGGGG when your around other players , is so fearsome its sickening . Graphic models and terrain have collision and rendering problems . Also if you are just sick of the EQ zoning do n't even think of Anarchy . You will see landscape and mobs beyond the zone line . hit the zone and pop up in an area nothing looks like what you seen through the zone barriers .
 i had recently purchased a link cable in hopes to trade pokeon games with eachother , but the first link cable i bought off amazon did not work . so i bought another cable and when i got it in the mail , i was exited but when i opened up the envelope , it was the exaxt same cable just a different color . neither of them worked .
 I bought this joystick over a decade ago at a Lechmeres that was going out of business . Unfortunately all sales were final , or I would have returned the product . I could never get the spinner to work , and only got to use the actually joystick portion . I since bought several saitek joysticks which work much better .
 I put the supplied battery in the charger , the light changed color as instructed , 10 minutes into use BOOM controller dies . Who knows ...
 I 've charged the battery that came with it for hours and it wo n't even turn the controller on . Try a different one . should be 0 stars , but you have to give 1 I guess .
 Purchased it . And sometimes it does n't charge the battery . You have to wiggle the battery to get it to charge right . You 'll find out if it did n't get good contact by using the battery and it shutting off in the middle of a game , so aggravating . Buy something else stay away from this product .
 I rented this game and now i want my money back!The gameplay is horrible and the jersey flutter even when your not moving.If you liked NBA 2k7 or College hoops series dis is for you .
 My Xbox arrived burned , I had to send it to fix , and after 2 weeks of play it burned again , I bought many things in amazon , but I will never buy refurbish again
 Screw you . Here 's what I have to say to you . . , ! , . I aint a moron . The PS2 kicks the living crap out of the competition . Sure , Halo is ok , but the rest BLOWS . The Xbox was n't all that good and the so-called `` next-gen '' 360 is n't much better . I do n't have one , and I 'm not the least bit jealous . Unlike the kid who keeps writing the same thing for the DS on Amazon , I 'm trying to make a point . The 360 has problems everywhere . If they would 've spent another month or two working on it , I would n't be writing this negatively about this . Sure , they mastered gameplay , graphics , and a little bit on the sound , but the rest sucks . I 'm not ripping on the 360 , I 'm ripping on Microsoft and their fanboys . This system is completely hurried and needs massive improvment . The Revolution and PlayStation 3 are coming out next year . Unlike the 360 , I think Nintendo 's next console will do slightly better than the 360 , and the PS3 will blow the living crap out of the 360 . I 'm not a Sony Fanboy , I 'm just stating the obvious . 43 % of the people in a survey in Japan will want to buy the PS3 for the games . 22.8 % of the people who voted wanted the 360 because of its controller . No good reason . Just the controller . I 'm highly anticipating the PS3s arrival . Buy it . Skip this until improvements are made . When that happens , try it and probably buy it.Microsoft , Until then , STICK WITH COMPUTERS !
 Sorry for this review but the syesteam should have waited . In a few months PS3 will be the big thing . 360 came out to early and soon we will find these in the junk yard . This is n't a bad system but they need to come out with a edited edition of this and fix the flaws .
 My car is worth about 600 $ Im going to buy it and buy a little boxs with a 360 and a x on it much better investment .
 After buying this why ca n't I play my X-box games on this it should be able to the ps3 and revlution can but why ca n't this -LRB- ... -RRB- now am waiting for a ps3 . Do not buy this wait for revlution or PS3 !
 Stupid system just go away we do n't like you . You make babies cry and kids get angrey . We like to play are dreamcast and play Sonic adventure 1 and 2 . We do n't want to play halo becuse it 's a bad game . It is no fun it makes me so angrey . Now go barney the dinosur and never return ! MAW MAW MAW MAW MAW MAW MAW MAW MAW MAW MAW MAW MAW GAHHHHHHHHHHHH GAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 Microsoft should not be in the video game business , they have no work ethic in terms of the user.The xbox 360 as a system that turns on and lights up has alot of wasteful hardware to give you what could be a great video game experience.For a video game experience , buy elder scrolls oblivion for the xbox 360 . If you 're not into games like that , you 're out of luck . Simply put , every game exclusively for the xbox 360 is n't finished . Microsoft apparently does n't care if a company that puts games on their system refines their programming code.Unfinished games were a problem that plagued the xbox as well . xbox survived however because some games did extremely well for the Playstation 2 , and microsoft had the deep pockets to get them on the xbox after thier initial success.The xbox 360 coming out before the Playstation 3 was the stupidest thing that microsoft could have done , apparently they do n't realize how pathetic their efforts always are in terms of video games.They failed with the xbox , and they failed with the xbox 360 . microsoft failed , period .
 By the PS3 beacuse it has Sonic the next-gen on it which will be so much better then that stupid Halo 3 . Come on the only reason the halo games sell is beacuse they are viloint and gorey . It 's know wonder so many kids want it and the really frighting thing is that parents buy the game for them and some parents even get thare kids GTA ! Sonic is a family safe game -LRB- except shadows game -RRB- it should be played by all ages and kids will have lots of fun with it and we can dystroy that halo game and forget it forever is n't that nice ? YES IT IS ! Now buy sonic and not this peice of poo .
 This is worthless games for 60 $ just becuse of graphics PS3 has games for 50 $ this is not even worth $ 10.000 even with games PS3 will be 300 $ . My cusion gave us one I did n't even want one and It broke 4 times and do n't even buy it just becuse it has halo3 on it all the halo games are tarbile!Avoid buying this sav up for PS3 becuse it has sonic-nextgen . P.S. Sonice kicks halos butt !!!
 I went into gamestop one day and started to play on the X-box 360 it was terbile the graphics were all fuzzy and then it blinded me and I fell down a well with my chickens and I was stuck for 4 hours . It is soooo much fun buy it . If you are a chicken lover . P.S. . This is a insult
 DO NOT BUY THIS CONSOLE !!! TALKING FROM MY OWN EXPERIENCE !!! This is the second time I have to return my console for guaranty ! This is not acceptable ! I treat my console well and it fails again ! This is a waist of time an money ! I really do not recomend to buy this console to any one until Microsoft correct all the problems!I will return it again and sell it to buy a Sony or Nintendo one!Pablo E
 To start off I got my 360 about six months ago when I was still in Hawaii ... The only reason I dished out 400 bucks for this thing is I wanted something to take my mind off things for this year-long deployment -LRB- army -RRB- in Iraq , where I 've been for 3 months now . The system is great WHEN it works so the problem is ` nt if the system is great , the problem you will get with your 400 system is when your in the middle of playing a game then the next thing you know your looking at a tiny lil box near the left bottom corner of your tv that says unreadable disc ! Puzzled you 'll put in 4 or 5 different games all with the same result . Two of my other friends here had the same problem but for some reason their 's could only play DVD 's ... turns out mine does the exact same thing . Maybe I 'm stubborn but if I pay $ 400 for somethin , I expect it to at least work a year -LRB- oh and my ac in my room is ALWAYS blowing so it 's around the high 70 's -RRB- I 'm goin do two things regarding the situation our good hard working friends at microsoft have put me in ... I 'm goin dust off the ol' SONY PS2 and save my money when I 'm confident enough that the PS3 is over any launch problems it might occur and the next time I go to the shooting range I 'm bringin my pretty new paperweight , spray paint a pretty red circle on it and watch the sparks fly . Thanks for stealing my money microsoft : D
 I am in shock . The Xbox360 was alot of fun until I got the red rings of death . I called Xbox help and they sent a box . I followed the instructions in the box . Took the game out and took off the harddrive . I put the stupid thing in the box and dropped it off at UPS . I got an email a couple of days later saying that it had been shipped back to me . I received it `` unrepaired '' with a letter saying that I violated the Extended Warranty . I called Xbox and they told me it was n't repaired because I tampered with it . I ca n't believe it . I never opened it or did anything to it other then mail it . They are cheats completely . The amount of money microsoft is making and they call me a liar instead of fixing it . I could only talk to an Indian guy -LRB- he was nice -RRB- and all he could tell me is I tampered with it and sorry.MIcrosoft 's does not want to take a hit on all these crappily made consoles .
 This is the first negative review I 've ever written . Purchased this system as a gift for the kids last Christmas . First System worked beyond the 30 day return period . Second System worked for a week . Third system never worked ! They shipped us a non-working system . We are now on the phone for over 2 hours trying to get a 4th system . The aggravation in trying to get a working system is definitely not worth it ! Having invested a ton of money in games , it 's a nightmare .
 Put simply
 Let me start by saying that I loved my xbox360 and would have recommended it to anyone who asked until this week when I got the 3 red lights of death . I have owned every video game system since the Atari 2600 and I have never ever had a problem with any of them . But with my Xbox 360 as of late I have had nothing but problems.I turned on my xbox the other day for a Guitar Hero II session , and I was player for about 15 min when the system just turned off . When I turned it back on I had not video or audio and 3 red rings on the front of my xbox , so I called customer support and they told me it was a Hardware failure and they would need me to send it in . They were going to send me a box and the whole process should take about 1-2 weeks.Well one week went by and I still had not received my box in the mail yet . So I called them up again , and they told me the box was never shipped and it would be sent out today . Strike one.So then I asked them if I could just mail them the Xbox on my own because I ship UPS everyday at work and it would be alittle faster , and the answer was no . I asked her why and she said because they do not do that . And again I asked her why and she repeated herself , so I asked to speak to a manager.The Manager got on the phone and had an attitude before I even said a word to him . I explained my situation to him and he basically told me there is nothing I can do I have to just wait for the box . I then asked if there was anything they could do to compensate me for the delay , and he told me `` No , we do not compensate our customers for anything '' . I then said that what happened to the Customer is Always Right position in the business world . And he just repeated himself again . I told him to have a good night and hung up the phone . Strike TwoNow I was mad , and I did some research on the internet about this issue . Turns out that this happens to 40 % of Xbox 360s sold . This is a known issue and they have no intention on fixing it . People on the Xbox Forums are now on their 3rd refurbished XBox and nothing is being done . There are horror stories all over the web of how bad MS Customer Service is on the Xbox.I can not stand by a company that treats its customers like this . I own all 3 next gen systems and I can now say that if there is a game that is multi platform I will be buying it for my PS3 . I will miss Xbox Live . But there is no excuse for the way MS is handling this . . If I treaded my customers like that I would be out of business in a week.All I have to say is Buyer Beware .
 I like the games , I like the X-box live , but the system has broken down on me 2 times in the first month . I returned it today for my money back at Target . I would not buy this if I were you . lots of heartache and typical Microsoft product , simply put it is poorly engineered no matter how good the games look or play .
 Well lets start off with this.Microsoft isnt sending many xbox 360 's out is because of demand . Think about it if it was easily to come by would you want one ? It makes it seem like a big seller for one . Everywhere you go there are signs saying sold out . If theres a big demand for an item there is a huge price tag attached . Do I think sony makes a better system . Yeah sure but is it the system or the games that make a system . Look my point is this Electronics have noooo resell value . Look at computers any electronics . So wait after christams the holidays what ever you call it . And wait till the system is more stable and costs less . Or else you will have a 300-400 dollar paperweight .
 Oh , my !!! Poor xbox360 !!! with 33 review and it only got 3 stars . that 's pretty bad . to be honest i did n't even remember about xbox360 until i saw those people on news . oh , by the way , this review will not help you make finacial blunder -LRB- oops ! sorry my english -RRB- or the fix that lasts about half a year max . well , my love for my xobx lasted that long if not shorter . so , why do you buy this console?the graphics ? Ok , yeah , some say -LRB- pictures -RRB- are great !! To be honest to you folks , i 've never seen actual unit let alone play one . Shut up , but , i did see the picture on news on my none-hdtv projection tv -LRB- likely it 's last gen. -RRB- . Yeah , and you would say something like `` What the **** is this mo ******* ing idiot reviewing this ?!!!! '' Indeed , I ca n't disagee with you more . So , am I on some sort of anti-depressant perscrived by a crooked doc ? No , i 'm sober and i do n't take those pills . But , guess what sold me the xbox?it was that of tv news showed the graphics of xbox . Stupid , huh ? B-U-T , that was AMAZING !!!!!! OK ? the graphic should n't be look that great when it 's comming THROUGH a tv camera shooting at actual tv screen , which the graphic is on.So , does anyone remember the moment ? The first time you saw the graphic of xbox ? The rush ? That of `` oh , s *** is this for real !??? '' DOes anyone remember?well , I do !!!! it was like you 've been watching B/W silent films for good part of your life and then one day you watch todays digital surround color film , add it THX . OK , my point is when I saw the graphic of 360 on tv news , i noticed some level of clearity but just that , to even make matters worse , some say the CG is no better than the original . SOME REVIEWERS SAY CG IS BIT BETTER IF NOT THE SAME . i do n't think CG will be the same but here the another question
 This warning is for all potential buyers of any xbox 360 . Microsoft recently released an update for their Xbox Live system , however , due to some complications , many 360 's are being destroyed by this update . If you plan on buying one do not connect it to the internet until they fix this issue . Otherwise spend your well earned cash on a next gen system that might be a little more stable than the 360 -LRB- i.e. the Nintendo Wii or possibly Sony 's PS3 -RRB- .
 Is it just me or does this look like just a computer filled with computer parts . If someone is willing to pay over $ 1000 for a game console why do n't they just buy a new computer with a good graphics card ? Also another thing I have noticed , when I was playing one of the games I did not notice anything different than from the original Xbox . Then again I was n't playing on a really expensive tv either . Also have you noticed that the Xbox 360 is not mentioned much anymore and a lot of the consoles you can not find or they are way over priced . I see a flop in action . Buy at your own risk .
 I played an Xbox 360 at a local BestBuy . From what I 've seen , paying $ 299 or $ 399 and paying more for stuff you do n't need plus the additional cost of $ 50 games to games that are up to $ 60 -LRB- which most of them are -RRB- . All in all , if you want all the stuff you want , you could end up spending over $ 1,000 in stuff . Here 's why I think this.Graphics -LRB- out of 10 -RRB-
 Got the 360 6 months ago , no games available noticibly better than XBox . In precisely 95 days XBox 1 fan quit and overheated and started crashing.Called 18004myxbox . Warranty has expired sorry no luck . Bought new fan and installed it . Worked for another month before expiring from overheating again both fans working.Miracle . Microsoft ups warranty to 1 year as it should have been from the start so I call and send in the 360 . They send it back unrepaired stating it was tampered with and not only will they not fix it under warranty but they wont fix it at all ever for any amount of money.It is not repairable any where else and they dont sell repair parts . Same as taking your car back to the dealer and having them tell you you changed your own oil so we not only wont repair it , you cant take it anywhere else or get any parts for it . Throw it out and buy a new car.Think About it ! Think about after your nice new 1 year warranty.Go Buy a PS3 youll be much happier . It died in middle of Gears of War first game to really show off 360s capability .
 I 've bought an XBOX 360 in September , serial number 111625561706 , and now it 's dead.GOT FRIED !! I 've had followed all rules ` bout overheating and all that stuff . Bad luck , i ca n't play anymore.Thank you Microsoft ! Thank you for selling me 4 months of fun at the reasonable price of USD399 + USD99 -LRB- wireless adapter -RRB- + USD60 -LRB- wireless controller -RRB- , plus some titles.I believe that if you buy it , be prepared to enter the lottery of the 3RLs . And pray not to win.Pedro Franceschini
 I love playing online with the XBox Live . It is the best . But my system started to freeze up in the middle of play . Calling customer service was a waste of time . Twenty questions was all they ever wanted to do . Realized later this was a stall tactic , because they knew what was going wrong with the machine , but they did n't want to deal with it . When I finally got the three red rings of death , they screwed up the service several times . They insist on sending their own box for returns . Well , 45 days into my request for repair , I am still waiting for the BOX ! The repair they tell me will be 4-6 weeks . I ca n't even get a box . Plus they already charged my credit card for the repairs . After they announced all repairs were going to be covered free .
 the bad : i bought my xbox 360 almost 8 months ago on miami and then went back to my country , so the warranty do not work for me.i have a little baby so my xbox 360 usage is very limited -LRB- couple of hours only in sundays -RRB- , at that usage rate my xbox 360 died after 8 months with the three ring of dead , i think for a heavy gammer it would 've last a month.i notice that it runs hot , very hot and noisy , my original xbox still work after years so i thought that the 360 would be a good product too , well i was wrong i can believe i got fool for such a crappy system.the good : many of the games have really nice graphics like gears of wars , i had fun with the game play on the wireless controller.conclusioni think if you can buy a extended warranty , then buy the xbox but beware of the pain and suffer from a defective console . I 'll wait until microsoft releases a 65nm version that can runs cooler and with less noisy , in the mean time I 'll buy a Nintendo Wii
 Though I did n't buy my unit thru Amazon.com , I would like to put my review here . I bought my unit at Electronics Boutique , a store near to my home . I got the Core Program , the Memory Card , and Ghost Recon Advance . The total was $ 462.70 . I like the improved graphics and audio presentation . I am thankful the machine is nowhere as heavy as the first X-Box console.Though I am not happy with having to buy a $ 40 piece of hardware to store my games on , I tolerate this . -LRB- Though I would think a machine which is touted as next gen would have greater memory capacity and would n't need a memory card . This seems one step back considering the first console allowed a gamer to store saved games . -RRB- What I am not happy about is the machine freezing . This first occured an hour into play . The screen went black showing only the icon for the game . Then I played the game today . Oy vey ! The situation escalated to the point where the game was freezing every five or ten minutes . The controls were also frozen.I did an internet search on this issue . This issue seems common and may impact at least a million machines , out of three million initially sent out . So , the odds are , as they were for me , that you might get a defective machine.The reason that I do n't rate this machine lower than 3 stars is for the features I mentioned that I like , and the game which I found challenging and engrossing .
 I got my xbox 360 on March 2007 , and it was very fun while it worked . Sometimes playing fifa 2007 online , the system crashed or the screen freezed a couple of times , and a weird noise came backwards , from the cooling fans of the console , but at that time i thougth it was nothing serious at all . One day planning to play a couple of games , i saw the 3 red fatal ligths blinking on the front ring of the system.When i looked up for a solution on microsofts webpage , it said the system had to be delivered for service repair . It was dead and cant do anymore . The defective coolings fans cause the system to overheat , and killed it.Maybe a system that worths to much should flawlessly work at least for 12 months . It should have better cooling system , better running processor and more working lifetime.Im seriously planning to sell this defective system and get back to basics , PS2 or Nintendo WII .
 My XBox 360 lasted more than most , 18 months . However just google for `` red light of death '' and see how many people are having the same problems I am . Microsoft has off-shored it customer care , has a defective product , and wants $ 139 to fix their known defect.I would stay away from this system and buy a PS3 . With this low a quality product , there is a $ 139 annual repair bill and poor customer support .
 1 . Thare have been over 1000 reports of these breaking .2 . Thare no fun games on it .3 . It dose n't have a cooling fan so It overheats .4 . Wroth 1000 $ yeah right ! 5 . The graphics have not been changed it is a lie .6 . If you download music on it It deystroys game deta .7 . You are forced to buy the right tv on it for right grpahics that have not been changed!Everybody has a good reason to hate this systeam do n't buy it unless you relly belive this ! @ # $ . Start a angrey mob agenist microsoft !!!
 Xbox is better then this the graphics have not been improved that much and I just do n't like it . I wish it could have a cooling fan so they could not burn your games and melt them . Im stucking to my orginal xbox so I can enjoy the good old days next-genration consles now sould be more stable .
 The pepole that think this is cool arekids under 5 and babies they do n't know anything about it 's faliers I bet they do n't even have one I do breaks overheats ect ! ect ! ect!Buy the revlution or PS3 becuse they have good features not this.P.S.I did not want it my brother did and they hate it too !
 I just recently bought an Xbox 360 , and all i 'm readind so far is how terrible the system is !!! about overheating and all sorts of scary reviews !!! , should i be scared ?? i hope not , this system is suppose to bring good quality , and good clean fun , but it 's incredible how bad the reviews are !!!! i 'm really looking forward to opening this console and start playing , but i 'll never understand , why this little phenom is ocurring , well if this is true , Microsoft should definitely do somethig , cause it 's a rip off to the gaming world !!!!!! jajaja , peace out.Te Amo Mami , con todo eres mi fuente de inspiracion y fortaleza !!!!
 People have been going crazy for the Xbox hype.Bill Gates makes a new one . He sells it for ALOTless than it 's worth . This is the short story.The -LRB- sorta ; in a detailed way -RRB- long story : When the Xbox came out , I hated it , but I friendgot one and it plays pretty darn good , just likea PS2 -LRB- I 'm a Sony gamer -RRB- . However , I was n't a hugemember of the hype . When the Xbox 360 came out , Iresearched it , and a week later , I was at the controls.I played it , and when I was done I just siad one thing : Is this really a next-gen console ? The answer is yes , but I think NO ! Picture
 Sertinlly edd ed N eddy helped with this . After buying the systeam I have n't played it since january . The systeam has extremly poor qulity and just ca n't do what you want it to do . If you play a x-box game on it it will refuse to read it . The systeam also burned up and the gears inside it have stuck to the sides of it and just will not come out . Ugggggh micriosoft is so dumb . I 'll admit your computers are good but work on the x-box 460 for the up coming years becasue a 360 is a faluire . PS3 will be out in winter -LRB- due to delays -RRB- microsoft realsed this to early just so thye would look so cool . Liars don ` rt by this junk !
 If you are like me , a father just trying to make his child happy , DO NOT BUY THIS!First , there are no Childrens titles for the 360 . Maybe in a few years there will be some.Second , this console IS NOT BACKWARD COMPATIBLE with most games . Check the Microsoft site and they will confirm this -LRB- about 15 levels deep into the X-Box site -RRB- . However , no where in the XBox manual do they tell you this.Third , Toys R Us will sell you Xbox games -LRB- not 360 -RRB- and claim they will work with the new X-Box . They simply do not ! In the rare case they do work , you must first download and install a software patch ! DOES THIS MAKE ANY SENSE !! Finally , the XBox 360 is a decent DVD player and has great graphics for those with HDTV and the hookups -LRB- MS supplies the component cables -RRB- . I was a huge fan of Microsoft until this product . Do n't waste your money . Also , do n't waste your child 's time .
 WHY ?! . For that much you could get your self a nice custom gaming PC , mouse , keyboard , and monitor with COD 2 . I do n't understand why anyone would pay that much for gaming console .
 I bought this system in April 2006 and fell in love with it . The games looked great and it seemed to fit all my likings . As many of you reading this may know , Microsoft is n't the most `` reliable '' company in the world . I downloaded the newly released Xbox Live Fall Update on to my 360 only to find it starting to crash . After a while , it started crashing as soon as you start it . As soon as I found out that the Xbox Live update was causing the problem , I lost all the trust I had for the Xbox and Microsoft . Now I do n't know how I could ever trust Microsoft again to release a product that will not self-destruct . I am not a Sony or Nintendo fanboy , just a neutral gamer who has once again been betrayed by a Microsoft product .
 Hi everyonve . I very disappointed with this product . I 've received it last weekend and It 's already giving me a terrible headache ! I just brought it and when I turned on it reboots in 5 minutes . Now I do n't no what to do with this crap because I brought it on Amazon and I went back to my country and I do n't have my warranty from here.If you want to buy a X360 just wait for the 65nm processor .
 This product is so shoddily manufactured that I simply can not recommend anyone to buy it . A defective rate of 25 % -40 % is just inexcusable for any product . Microsoft has just extended their warranty to 3 years , but this still only covers one problem , albeit the most common one , the 3 Red Rings of Death . However there are still many other problems such as overheating and freezing while in use , not being able to start up at all , or the disc drive scratching your game discs and rendering them useless . There are still no solutions to a lot of these problems other than buying your own warranties.Don ' t let the fact that this console is 200USD cheaper than the PS3 fool you . All the extra costs associated with repairing and maintaining it essentially makes it much more expensive than it first seems . On top of that , be prepared for extreme frustration when you the machine malfunctions in the middle of a gameplay session , or you lose your save data , or waiting for weeks for Microsoft or a third party to repair or replace your console . Do I even need to mention that talking to Microsoft Customer Service is bound to give you high blood pressure?I 've personally had numerous problems with this console and have now eventually given up on it . I bought a PS3 and it is working perfectly . I would HIGHLY recommend anyone looking for a similar , superior , gaming experience to go for a PLAYSTATION 3 . It is now only 499 USD , and in many places , comes with great bundles or great giveaways like free Blu-Ray Discs or remotes/controllers . It has a defective rate of less than 1 % . It is also much more feature-rich . An XBOX360 with all the extra peripherals needed to match the features of the PLAYSTATION 3 costs much , much more.WARNING
 I have to say that I was quite pleased with this system for the two and a half weeks that it worked . The graphics were great , the controller fit like a glove , and the game I purchased -LRB- Perfect Dark Zero -RRB- was entertaining . But today , when I attempted to load a mission , the system began making strange noises and then froze . When I restarted the system , I got an error message and all of my data was gone.This prompted me to go online and see if other Xbox owners are experiencing similar problems . They are . Not only in Amazon.com reviews , but in the official Xbox forums , countless frustrated buyers are complaining of the same thing . One poster writes , `` A few weeks ago when loading up Call of Duty it made this screeching sound then some clicking noises and it completely froze . '' This is almost exactly what happened to me while playing Perfect Dark Zero . The system was not placed on its side , it was never bumped or mishandled in any way , but it still malfunctioned.I absolutely can not recommend a system with such a big problem to anybody . If your data is going to be erased after a couple of weeks of gameplay , what 's the point in trying ?
 Another bad product from Microsoft ! I am dumb enough to buy another new box after the first one died within 5 months of purchase . The second one just went dead on me today ! I have n't played much at all -LRB- may be an hour max a week -RRB- . The product has only 3 months warranty . I am gon na switch over to PS3 or Wii ASAP and will never buy Microsoft game console again .
 I was initially going to get a Nintendo Revolution , but my friends at school were able to convice me to get an xbox 360 . Since the release day , I was dying to get an xbox 360 . When Christmas came , I was very dissapointed to realize that I had n't got one . I soon heard about all the overheating problems and for a period of time , I was scared to buy one . Then , one day , I was able to grab the last one in a local Walmart . I was so excited and when I opened it I was absolutely dazzled . There were no problems and the graphics blew me away ! But then , on the second day , I was playing when the system froze . I rebooted it and there cam a system error message . Ever since , it 's been crashing periodically . I checked everything , I had put the xbox 360 on a high , hard surface , the power brick was away from the system , and the area was very well ventilated . I contacted the support and I 'm awaiting a reply . I was really dissapointed by this system , there were too many needs and frankly , I do n't want a replacement . Avoide this system , no matter how tempting it may seem . Because even though Microsoft claims that the problems are in only a small fraction of the systems , you do n't want to be caught with many games and a deffective system . This is an amazing system , but unfortunatly it was released too early .
 DO NOT BUY THIS SYSTEM . Honestly , when I was first reading about this product I was constantly being warned that three red lights was something that could happen to you . I did n't bother with those warning , since this product was a Microsoft brand.Well , after three weeks of owning an Xbox360 machine I have had three blinking red lights ... the so called ` three lights of doom ' . I went to the store where I got the system and got a new one and six weeks after that ... you 're not going to believe this another red ring of lights . This system has caused me to wonder about Microsoft . We the consumer aught to know what the true scope is about this product malfunctioning at such high numbers , according to some number it can be as high as 33 % failure rate . Would you buy a car with that high failure rate ? NO ! Would you fly Delta Air Lines had they had a 33 % crash rate ? NO ! That 's a 1 in 3 that you will end up with a bad system.Worse of all , during both consoles that I owned in a period of two months I would get something like disk errors which was annoying since it would mean I would have to start a game from the start -LRB- when it had not been saved -RRB- . I have no vendetta against Microsoft ; I was actually a big fan of Microsoft . I will never forgive Microsoft . I loved my xbox original , never had any problems with it . As I said I will never , never forgive Microsoft . I will try to boycott Microsoft as much as I can . Be smart and skip this product .
 I bought this system on December 2006 and on April 2007 it was toast . My house has a central air conditioner system so it 's always 24C . It broke with 3 red lights of death and I lost all my money , because I bought it in the US and I brought it to Venezuela . To fix it I would have to spend more money that buying a new one , so screw MS , such an expensive console should not break in less than 5 months . I loved the console , while it worked , but so many people are having this same problem because the console heats up too damn much . No extra fan solution is good enough . Buy something else , keep away from bad quality products like this .
 Microsoft is now sending me my THIRD Xbox 360 system in as many months . Every system I 've had has experienced freezing problems , locking up on just about every game I own . Sometimes the system doesnt recognize 360 discs as games , prompting me to `` insert this disc into an Xbox 360 console . '' -LRB- And yes , the system and power supply is ventilated , and the discs are new and scratch free -RRB- . To Microsoft 's credit , I have not had to pay an extra dime for any of this . They have paid for all the shipping and have had the replacements sent to me quickly -LRB- within 5 days -RRB- , and their support department has been generally pleasant to deal with and almost overly-apologetic . I 'm happy about that , however , I would like to own one of these things for longer than 30 days without it locking up on me . When it works the system is amazing , but its a typical Microsoft product with its `` sell it now , fix it later '' mentality .
 How can people out here even think to list an x box 360 for $ 1000 when it 's hard to get a system at a local store . Amazon should NOT support NOR list people trying to pimp the consumer by listing ungodly prices for an obviously under-distributed product . What ? You think microsoft did n't know that hundreds of thousands of people would be looking for the 360 right away ??? Please . This is microsoft - they do more market research than pharmecutical companies ... The FTC should give them a fat ticket ...
 People went nuts when the Xbox 360 was released , but is it really worth shelling out that much extra money ? Are the graphics all this system has going for it ? Was this an upgrade , or did Microsoft take it 360 degrees in the wrong direction?I looked at three games that are available on Xbox 360 and its older counterpart to compare . -LRB- Those being Tiger Woods PGA Tour ' 06 , Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland , and NHL 2K6 -RRB- Some games had improved resolutions , like NHL 2K6 , but most games on Xbox 360 had less features than the older versions , because Microsoft was in such a rush to get them released in time . I now know what the phrase `` Quality over quantity '' means . There were even a few games that were exact copies of the Xbox version ! * Cough * Tony Hawk * Cough * I 'm sure this does n't apply to all the games , but these are n't the only ones I can stick this commentary on.I think the one thing Microsoft spent most of their time on is improving the graphics and textures ; most of which can only be noticed on an HDTV or some of the higher resolution TVs . The games also force you into the widescreen version ! How exciting is that ?! * Yawn * . On some games though , the new graphics and textures blew me away . I could see serious improvements on Tiger Woods PGA Tour ' 06 . The turf looked much more realistic , as opposed to a blanket of green covering the ground . -LRB- See third page for pictures -RRB- Coincidentally , the games that seemed to be way ahead in graphics were also the ones lagging behind in content . Tiger Woods PGA Tour also had about half the levels and extra features than the Xbox version , as did Madden ' 06 . The final issue I had was the price . As stated before , Xbox 360 costs way too much more than an original Xbox , which only costs around $ 114.00 . Another reason that the 360 costs so much is that the hard drive is sold separately ; adding about $ 140 to the total cost of it . You ca n't do all that much without the hard drive . Prices will -LSB- hopefully -RSB- fall periodically.So in the end , the Xbox 360 was n't all it was cracked up to be . In fact , it was basically a down-grade from their first system ; probably because they were so eager to get it out by Christmas . I know some of you die-hard Xbox fans will probably chew me out for this . Maybe once they 've had some more time to develop their ideas , things will turn out better . I myself am going to wait until the hype goes down and prices fall . For now , a normal Xbox would be the best choice . Xbox 360 is still about 360 sizable steps away from its end on the drawing board .
 If this product still says it comes with a 20GB harddrive you NEED to beware that it does not . Without a harddrive you can not really play any games since no profiles can be saved . The only way you could possibly play anything is if you do so without ever shutting down the system and without dying in the game you play .
 Got 2 red ring of death after less than a month . Obviously a design flaw since Microsoft website well structured to handle warranty work on this even though it stated that it was out of warranty.Too bad since I was looking forward to playing Halo 3 . This was also a refurb unit so it seems like they do n't have a permanent fix.Now I have a $ 200 out of pocket with a machine in the mail . It 's like owning the `` british car '' of the video game world .
 Well this may be a system that fun to play , but the life span is too short . The very first one broke in a year . i was thinking the new 360 should be better . Same thing , it broke in a year as well , and i barely used it . Since i had spent $ 400 for this system , i called the customer service to hope that i can get a fair deal . I was told i have to pay $ 140 to get it fix , i believed not include the shipping . I have 3 Xbox with 2 not function , i am not going to spent a penny on Xbox anymore.If you want to buy this system , pay extended warranty . Or get a PS/Nintendo , my Super Ninetendo which i own for 15 years still working fine ; so do the PS .
 It says it will play for 35 hours on a single charge . I have yet to get more than approx . 4 hours out of the one I got . Not recommended at all . I 'd rather spend the money buying batteries .
 I did a major mistake by buying this thing used . It worked like a charm the first few times i had it . I had no history of damaging the cable or anything . One day it just gave out . The battery still worked , so at least I got some of my money 's worth but nonetheless , Do n't Buy Used without info on prior history.-I 'm new to online shopping so I guess I learned my lesson .
 I bought two of these and within a year one of the batteries would no longer hold a charge and would need to continuously be plugged in and the cord for one developed a loose connection . The cord would have to be wrapped around the joystick just to charge . We managed another year or so . During this period the other batter went kaput and both cables just completely stopped working.I 'm definitely going to try a different brand of battery and charging system .
 This is a fantastic system when you need to replace your battery in the wireless controller ! Plus the fact you can charge and play at the same time is pretty much perfect ... however , the USB plugin only charges the battery . I bought this thinking it would work for my computer , but it was n't entirely apparent on the package . I suppose I could have done my research ahead of time , but why not add in the feature where it can communicate as a joypad with my computer too?I 'll end up having to buy wired controllers instead of using this , but its still a nice battery unit .
 Have own two Play and Charge Kits and both have stop working . The batteries can die in under an hour at this point and sometimes do not even charge at all
 I bought this charge kit so I can avoid buying batteries for my Xbox controller . It worked fine in the beginning , but now it does n't seem to hold a charge anymore . I do n't what why . The only way that I can use it is if I keep it connected -LRB- wired -RRB- to my Xbox . The cord is pretty long . Oh well , I guess it 's better than nothing .
 I 've four of these sets since owning my 360 , and after several months 3 of the 4 no longer hold a charge . Google this problem and you 'll find plenty of other people in the same boat.My advice is to buy some Sanyo Eneloop rechargeable batteries . They 're one of the top brands , last long , and best of all you can use them for more than just your xbox controllers .
 Battery Charge does not hold 25 hours in my XBOX Elite controller . More like 8 hours of continuous play . Great for convenience/multiplayer games .
 When I first got my 360 in 2006 , I picked up 2 of these , and used them often . When I had the controllers plugged into the system with them , I noticed something.A lot of times , after I turned off my console , the fans on the console would keep running if I had one of the play and charge kits plugged in . I thought it was just continuing to charge the controller . Little did I know , it was actually draining them.In less than 6 months ... neither of the batteries I got with the play and charge kits held a charge at all . These are bad news and a waste of money . TheXbox 360 Quick Charge Kitis a much better investment . I have been using this since then and have had no problems with it at all . Not to mention it charges the batteries much more quickly.It 's a little more expensive , but well worth it .
 I bought this in January . My son may have used it 3 times . If I would have known it was a piece of garbage , I would have just gone to WalMart and gotten a new one for like $ 6 more . I am soooooooooooooooooooooooo disappointed in this !
 I bought this kit for my son for christmas . He says his battery does not stay charge and the kit do n't work ... Unfortunately , I do n't have the package or receipt that came w/it . So now I got ta buy a new for my son ...
 Do a google search for `` xbox play and charge kit wo n't charge '' . When I bought the play and charge kit I played games for about a week , then I did n't play for more than a week . If you EVER let the play and charge kit sit unused for more than a week , it is DEAD and will NEVER CHARGE AGAIN . If the charger does n't receive a power signature back from the Li-ion battery -LRB- aka the battery needs charging -RRB- , it registers that no battery is connected and will not charge.Terrible product !!
 Bought it used and it did not work . I have one already , but wanted another for my other controller . The one I have works just fine , so I know it is not the controller .
 I myself love rechargable items . It 's a lot more convenient that scrambling for batteries all the time . Unfortunately , like most rechargable items , this battery pack begins to die after a couple months . While it was still charging and playable , the juice went out in about a quarter of the time that the normal batteries do , which is pretty pitiful . If you are desperatle for a rechargable controller , get the pack , but buyer beware ...
 My charge cord never did light up to show that it was charging . FAQ 's for the product hinted that the batteries might not be seated correctly - checked , double-checked and triple-checked . I tried plugging in different locations - just in case . Finally gave up and just returned them .
 I mean really only 5 months ??? I didnt even use it as much as I wanted to . Cant believe the warranty is ONLY 3 Months . Microsoft does not believe their product will last more than 90 Days . Why should you
 I 'll try to keep this short-My play and charge kit is not even a year old , it 's around 8 months . It will not hold a charge anymore . You can plug it in to have it say it 's charging , let the light turn green -LRB- which means it 's fully charged -RRB- , then you unplug the chord and the controller dies instantaneously.I do n't recommend this product to anyone.It 's more inconvenient but you 're much better off with rechargeable AA batteries , they 'll at least last you for more than a few months . Before I bought the play and charge kit I used those for about 5 years , the only problem that would occur is if the controller would die mid-game . Still better than flushing your money down the toilet though .
 Just purchased this product a few days ago and received today -LRB- 08-12-2011 -RRB- . Seemed to charge fine , the light remained red while charging , then turned green when it finished -LRB- charged overnight from a P/C USB port -RRB- . The trouble with this unit is that it will not stay latched on to the battery compartment of the Xbox 360 wireless controller . Upon comparison with other similar battery packs , the latch on this particular unit is much smaller and it just falls off the back of the wireless controller . This product should be recalled !
 I have an Xbox 360 black wireless controller that I use to play games for windows on my laptop . This thing absolutely will not work as a charger . I wound up getting two of them . One came with a debunked battery that does n't work . Neither of them will light up the red charge led on the controller . I have been able to play with one of them plugged in , but that kind of defeats the purpose of buying a wireless controller.Before you ask , yes I do have the Microsoft wireless receiver for windows , and my controler and batery do work with my friends play and charge kit .
 I can get many more AA rechargeable NiMH batteries of higher capacity for the price of this pack -LRB- I love the hybrid type -RRB- . Unlike this pack , they can be used in other equipment too . I charge them seperately in a wall charger , and when the low battery warning comes on , it takes a few seconds to pop the old ones out , and swap them with a fully charged pair .
 This product is great , if you enjoy spending money on a product that will only work for 3 months if that.The product works fine at first , then you start to notice the battery going dead sooner and sooner until it no longer holds any charge.This typically happens in 3 - 4 months , whether you get the black or grey versions of the charge and play kit.Waste of money if you ask me . Only buy if you want to buy a new one in 3 months .
 This charger kit worked great for me for the first couple months I had it . Since then , though , the battery charge capacity has been decreasing at an alarming rate . I 've had the charger for about 4-5 months now , and I get a little over an hour of use on a single charge . Fortunately , I do n't mind having the controller plugged into a USB port all the time ; otherwise , I 'd switch back to batteries .
 I honestly was not really that impressed with this . It will only charge your battery if you actually have the xbox on . Go with the quick charger instead and keep your controller wireless .
 The Xbox 360 Black Play and Charge Kit Broke My Xbox . The problem is its not a `` break away '' cord . So if you pull a little to much your xbox comes topling down and you know the build quality on the xbox sucks . So dont buy unless your planing on sitting three feet from your tv .
 on other sites , these batteries lose their charging ability and usage to soon ! You find yourself playing with the wire connected which if fine because the wire is long . I would use batteries but that would be more un = necessary garbage for the planet.Update 6-14-12Use rechargeable batteries from Sony or Sanyo , their so much more better . You do need a battery charger though .
 The charger doesnt charges , the controller works but when I unplugged it it stops working . MAybe its the battery ...
 I have purchased 2 of these play and charge kits this year - one from this vendor and one from Best Buy . Great idea . Within 2 months , each kit has failed . The batteries appear to be fine , but the cable is of poor quality and fails to charge .
 the battery pack worked 2 week 's , and it fit slackly in the controller . Waste of money , do not buy at all !!
 I received this product and only half of it worked . For some reason the cable would not work and would actually just drain the battery 's instead of charge them , the battery however did work but the cable is what i really needed .
 I bought this product about a month ago almost and wanted to wait to write a review since defects inproducts like this usually arise a couple weeks/months later . Well , I do like the fact that I do n't have to buy AA batteries all the time so that 's good news . On the other hand , the battery does n't hold a charge ... and it 's only getting worse . After 1 week of use I had to recharge it every day with minimal use . After the second week it was already having to be plugged in during an hour or two of fame play because the flashing lights annoy . Now , the 4 bars drop down to 1 bar of battery life after 30 minutes or less of use . I have a feeling that soon I am going to have to constantly have the USB wire plugged in at all times ... so it 's not going to be wireless at all . I guess I will have to buy a new battery . Not recommended , buy just the USB alone then buy another Microsoft battery
 I bought two of these chargers from Microsoft . The first one was dead right out of the box , not even trying to charge . The second one died within a week -- if I unplug the controller from the charging cable , the controller dies in less than five minutes , even if left to charge for hours . I 've learned my lesson and will not be trying a third time . This cheaply-made product is not worth the money .
 I received a fake/knockoff item even though the official Microsoft item was shown and described.I already have one official Microsoft play and charge kit , but I needed one for an additional controller . I ordered the item sold from Bluemall -LRB- through Amazon 's product page -RRB- for $ 9.99 , and I received a cheap Chinese knockoff . I can not measure the battery 's capacity , but it is less than half of the weight of the official Microsoft battery.I guess finding one of these brand new for under ten dollars really is too good to be true .
 I purchased this for my Xbox 360 controller so that I would not have to deal with replacing the AA batteries . Well , it does n't fit my controller -LRB- which is an official microsoft controller -RRB- for crap . It just keeps falling out . If I tape it in it works good , but who wants to put tape on something that you should n't have too . Garbage
 i just purchased this play and charge kit from BlueMall and it does n't even work . when i purchased it i thought it was too good to be true to only be $ 9 when they usually are $ 20 and what do you know it was to good to be true because its not a microsoft product even though it says it is and the battery didnt want to charge . I would not recommend this device because its a waste of money .
 i never knew that charge cable can be a problem , the battery pack is fine , but the charge cable is just stupid , it works for months and it stopped working . can not charge anymore , not the battery nor the controller issues , just the cable . ive seen a lot of comments about this charge cable problem , its as bad as red ring of death almost , just the fact this is a lot cheaper so nobody cared . Microsoft needs to improve this product .
 I can not get the thing to hold a charge at all . I have left this plugged into the xbox forever and as soon as I unplug it , the controller dies . I give up and will continue to just use real batteries .
 For one , my order came about a week or more late , and they offered to give me 3 dollars in return . big whoop . But these things came and only 1 fit right , the other didnt even fit in the controller and latch . I charged it before playing with them installed and they might last for about 2 hrs then you need to recharge again . Save your money and buy an authentic Microsoft rechargeable battery and charger or a better off brand . these suck , plain and simple .
 I own two of these play and charge kits , the second of which was bought to replace the first , which I believed to be faulty . The reason I believed this is that the kit would n't actually charge the controller as I played , leading me to think there was a problem with the battery . The second kit was just the same . It turns out that this is a very common problem with these kits -LRB- check YouTube for all the videos on it -RRB- . For those that have already bought the kit , the way to solve it is to take the battery and lead out of the controller , clean all and replace , you then have to insert the USB lead into the XBOX and wait for 15 seconds , if the light turns green -LRB- which it almost inevitably will -RRB- you have to unplug and repeat . Eventually , after ten or fifteen tries the light should stay red indicating the controller is in fact charging.For those that have n't already bought the kit , for the love of all that is Holy do n't bother!A user should not have to try fifteen times to get something so simple to work!Yet another failure from Microsoft . Their utterly horrendous quality control will bite them in the arse because I wo n't be wasting any more of my money on their products in the future , it 's over to Sony for the next generation .
 I did n't know the battery would charge even with the Xbox turned off , so for the battery 's first charge I left the Xbox on ALL NIGHT and charged the battery for at least 15 hours hoping to get a good initial charge -LRB- important to do for NiCad batteries -RRB- . I have owned this for about 2 weeks , and within 2 hours of unplugged use , the controller flashes , alerting that the battery is dying , and I have to plug it in to play . THE CONTROLLER COMPLETELY DIES WITHIN 3 HOURS.I 'm very disappointed , but at least I know my $ 60 AA/AAA battery charger will continue to get lots of use -LRB- it has 8 slots , each on their own circuit so it does n't shut off when only 1 of the 2 or eight batteries is full - it keeps charging every slot separately until each battery is individually full - fantastic for their longevity -RRB- . I plan to replace some of my older rechargeable AAs with Eneloops -LRB- designed to maintain longevity and charge capacity over 1500 charges -RRB- . This Play & Charge kit lasted maybe 2 charges before I began to have issues . * NOTE - I initially bought this because my stock battery cover for the controller had battery acid on one of the contacts -LRB- I tried unsuccessfully to clean it off -RRB- , and I did n't trust the generic , no-name replacement products . I did get one anyway though , just in case . I 'm glad I did . It works far better than the Play & Charge kit ...
 is this an original version or not ? the cable works but the battery doesnt charge after just twice charging it .
 I bought this battery pack as a backup to my ageing rechargeable batteries but so far it has given me nothing but trouble . It does n't seem to hold a charge very long , which leaves me playing with a wireless control tethered to the console . It also takes very long to charge and never seems to reach full charge . -LRB- full 4 bars on the controller battery icon -RRB-
 I bought two of these last year for my 360 . They worked great but I did n't get the best battery life out of them . I had to recharge them between once a week and twice a week with moderate use . After 6 months of moderate to regular use , the batteries failed . Since then I switched to rechargeable AA batteries and they last quite a bit longer and it was about 26 for a set of batteries -LRB- 4 AAs and 2AAAs -RRB- and a charger . I would recommend going with a good set of rechargeable batteries over play and charge kits .
 This has truly been more hassle than what it 's worth .1 -RRB- Only will charge if the Xbox 360 is on . Will not charge if turned off .2 -RRB- Will only partially charge , part of the time , and only if you jump through a number of hoops , about plugging it in , unplugging , plugging . . round robin , till the light stays on to red to accept a full charge .3 -RRB- Will work on your pc - but still have to go through point 2 , to keep it fully charged.Yes , It is a Brand New Battery , Brand New charge kit , Brand New Xbox . It is seated properly , the contacts are clean . Microsoft quality control is severely lacking.My expectations were that it would work correctly right out of the box ... play my games without a cord for several hours , then plug it in to the Xbox , shut if off and it would re-charge overnight , to do it all over with again the next day . I have lived and learned.So , for the price you pay , I 'd go with the Re-chargeable battery route , for far less hassle and grief.Sanyo NEW 1500 eneloop 4 Pack AA Ni-MH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteries with Charger
 Microsoft has the worst batteries of all time and there controllers kill off reg recharables idle there zune 64gb hd charging off usb on my pc it got really hot and then poof it was dead forever same goes for there controller batteries
 These batteries do not last long , be warned . If you 're going to not play your Xbox for long periods of time , it 's best to remove the battery pack from the controller . I 've made the mistake of leaving the battery pack in , and now I 've got a battery that wo n't take a charge , and it 's only a few months old ! I 've sworn off Play & Charge from now on , as the battery quality is extremely low obviously . Instead I 'd recommend some goodSanyo NEW 1500 eneloop 4 Pack AA Ni-MH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteriesand this charger : Maha Powerex Wizard One MH-C9000 Advanced Battery Charger and Analyzer - Free Deluxe Storage Case Included . Unlike the Play & Charge battery pack , the Eneloops retain their charge very well even over a period of a year or more . This is a far better route to go , IMO .
 the play and charge kit didint work wouldnt charge and it wasnt the xbox look like new but sure didnt work as one .
 The cord started working for a little while and at some point in time it decides to only work when the cord it place in a specific way .
 I should have known from the beginning this would n't be a genuine Microsoft product , but I decided to give it a shot anyway . After only a few months it does n't hold a charge , and the battery seems to be cracking apart . For the price it 's okay if you have no other options , but I would recommend spending a little more on a better quality product .
 I finally decided to buy this product since it was n't a 3rd party product . I thought it would last me more than a year . When i first received it I charged it and it worked great for a few weeks.I didnt charge the battery for a few months since I did not need to use it but when I tried to charge it with the cable that was provided it did n't work so I tried to charge it in the quick charge kit and that did n't work either . I called microsoft and they were of no help . Batteries have only a 90 day warranty . If you are buy this product for the battery then DO NOT DO IT . I 'm sure there are other options out there . I now have a dead battery and am using AA batteries again . : -LRB-
 Unit does not work . I followed the instructions and gave it adequate charge , however unit still does not work . Tried the battery in 3 different controllers to narrow down the problem and in all 3 it did not work . I followed the Microsoft suggested troubleshooting guide , with no luck . I 'm honestly to busy to deal with calling Microsoft and go through the hassle of shipping . So , I have a paper weight at least ...
 Got it , charged it , worked great for two weeks -LRB- one charge -RRB- . now , a month later , it will hold a charge for three hours . I had got one from GS five years ago and I did n't have this problem . -LRB- it lasted for five years -RRB- I guess the old saying is true `` you get what you pay for ''
 Pros : - On a full charge it lasts about as long as AA batteries , maybe a little less - Being able to plug the cable in to keep playing after the battery runs out is usefulCons : - I ca n't get a full charge out of it by plugging it into the Xbox itself , I have to plug it into my PC -LRB- on the Xbox , the LED light will go from red to off after many hours , on the PC it goes from red to green -LRB- fully charged -RRB- -RRB- - Takes many hours -LRB- 10 or more -RRB- for a full charge - The charging cable had a bad , almost burnt-plastic smell for a week after opening itUPDATE 01/23/12
 At first I was loving this ! I did n't have to buy any AA batteries anymore -LRB- which made me feel like I was my grandmother -RRB- . I am all , &#34; This is 2012 Noni , get something that recharges ! &#34; After about a year my wireless controller has basically turned back into a wired controller . I bought two of these at separate times and both are similar in the quite fast decline in charge holding.Fairly weak , or maybe my expectations of batteries are just far too high .
 I 've had this play and charge kit for 6 months now , and have n't written a review just because . In a nutshell the first week of having the battery pack , it held a charge once or twice . After that I have had to keep the charging cable plugged in to use my controller . I would suggest getting the play and charge kit from best buy and paying the extra $ if only to save the shipping and handling fees and avoid the turnaround time if you have to return the item .
 Bought This For My Boyfriend For Christmas And The Damn Thing Never Worked . Total Waste Of $ 30 . Better Off Just Buying It From An Actual Store It Would Be Easier To Return . .
 Looked new , thought it would work , set it to charge and to my surprise it was actually not working same as the other one i was trying to replace that fried . Not cool .
 I was playing swat on halo 4 , in the middle of the map , shooting at an opponent when suddenly * beeb * please reconnect controller . How can this be ? Ive had it charged , the light shows green which means charged right ? Wrong . My killing spree is over and by this time I 'm raging hard because it was the first day that swat came on the multiplayer . I tried charging it on my laptop but the light never goes red it just stays green . Shouldve just paid the 5 extra bucks for the quick charge kit . F *** .
 I received my plug and charge kit in and tattered casing but that is n't that issue . I could care less about what it came in , the battery pack and wire were in great LOOKING condition until I tried to put the pack in my controller and would n't stay in . I thought the problem was my controller so I grabbed two other controllers and tried but same thing . So I put it in my controller and begin to bang it in so it would lock in place and after about 7 HARD hits it stuck . Even though it 's in the controller the button which releases the battery pack is still depressed . It charges but I 'm a bit scared of ever taking the pack out because everytime it gets harder to bang it back in.Be careful when buying used goods Amazonians .
 You can only charge your controller when it is plugged in and the XBox is on . Unless you enjoy being tethered to your television by a cable when your batteries are low , or keeping your XBox on just to charge the controller , I suggest you get some rechargeable AA batteries -LRB- and a dedicated wall charger . -RRB- Those batteries are multi-purpose and will always be charged and ready when you need them for anything -- not just for your XBox controllers.If you are into designing games , be advised that the Play & Charge kit does not let you play and debug XNA games on the PC .
 I do n't understand . I needed an extra battery and charger -LRB- because we have 2 xBoxes -RRB- . The charger/cord/light worked the first time I used it right out of the box.Once my battery needed recharging , the charger would n't work and the charger light -LRB- red when charging and green when fully charged -RRB- would n't come on ! I ca n't get it to charge the battery . What is going on?I 've had this kind trouble with universal items but not Microsoft items.I knew I should have just asked my husband to pick one of these up from the Microsoft employee store in Redmond .
 I enjoy the ease of use , it is convenient to just plug it in to recharge the batteries.Unfortunately two out of three of my battery packs died within 6 months of purchase , which means they are only usable while plugged in . As such , I have returned to using rechargeable Energizer batteries , which are cheaper and more reliable -LRB- as long as you keep a few extra pairs on hand in case you run out of juice mid-game -RRB- . If you 're a gambler , you might as well pick up at least one Play & Charge kit for the sake of convenience , but keep in mind that it costs as much as four AA rechargeable batteries and a charger .
 My battery pack does not hold a charge long at all.I Finally decided to get new rechargeable batteries after the originals I bought with the launch system wore out . A good 5 years . Those old batteries seemed to last `` forever '' -LRB- or it seems that long compared to these -RRB- . These however need to be constantly hooked to the charge cable . Usually when buying official xbox merch you get what you pay for . Here I feel so disappointed . These are not worth the premium.I feel that since we 're close to the end of the xbox 360 's lifespan that Microsoft is increasing the profit margin by lower in the quality . At least that 's how I feel about this disparity between the original batteries and this refresh.When I was buying these my brother told me that the nykos are cheap and hold a long charge . Maybe I 'll try those if I do n't go back to my interim solution of AA 's .
 Not sure if this is a common occurrence but mine broke within 6 months of use . I can still play with the controller while plugged in but it no longer charges the battery .
 I bought my play and charge kit when I first bought the system . It worked wonderfully the first few times . You plug it in when you are playing and it will slowly charge the battery . However , after not playing for awhile , when I went to charge up the battery it would n't charge anymore . The controller was definitely connected to the 360 as I could play the games while connected.However , the battery light indicator on the controller would glow red , to indicate it was charging , for about five minutes . Then it would turn green to signify that it charged the battery completely . I thought that perhaps it was charging , despite the light not being red , but that was not so.I kept it plugged to the 360 while playing for a couple of hours , and then tried playing wirelessly . 5 minutes later , the controller died.Ultimately , I think it is more of a problem with the batteries than the cord itself . I bought an extra battery to go with my white controller and it suffered the same problems.I seem to be one of the few that have had this problem , and they are not too expensive , but be warned that this problem does occur .
 I bought 2 of these , after about 6 months , one of the battery wo n't charge anymore , so it has to be plugged in all the time while playing . The other one 's charging light does n't work anymore , so you ca n't tell if it 's charging . They both still work ... but I 'll have to get new ones soon .
 This thng did n't even last a WEEK ! Only for the first 2 days it managed to charge it . Then the next day , i would stop charging , but remain like a wired control . The next day , it stopped working all together . I might have had a faulty one , but still , that was a total piece of trash !
 I bought this kit along with a black wireless controller when Amazon had the bundle as a gold box deal a few months ago . It worked fine for a couple of weeks , then I started to notice that the battery was lasting shorter and shorter periods of playtime . Now it does n't hold a charge at all . I plug it in and the light glows red for a second , then goes green . Unplug and the controller is dead.Luckily it came with a standard battery pack and I now have rechargeable AA batteries and a charger , so I will just go that route and see if it works a little better . As a note , I also bought a white play/charge kit about 6 months before the black one , and it still works fine as of now . Guess it 's luck of the draw on these , which is disappointing .
 I bought two of these , and both stopped working not long after I bought them . I assume its the rechargeable battery , but not sure . Of course , it was out of warranty . I 'm back to using the AA batteries .
 The seller claims this is a xbox 360 Charger . The one I got was not in it 's original packaging . The plug and play charger works great . The batteryonly last 's for 1 hour then dies . I left plugged in to charge but it will not make a difference . I think it was the paticular seller in which I purchased the product from . Read the seller rating and info carefully .
 I bought one of these kits and rec 'd 2 extra battery packs as stocking stuffers . I did n't get around to using it for some time - just did n't have time for gaming for awhile , but when I did all three of the battery packs refused to charge at all . Could be the cable - but it works to power the controller ok , just over-priced , crappy batteries.Do yourself a favor - buy rechargeables , you 'll be better off in the long run - and the short run too !
 I do n't know how others are finding the battery and charge kit . But after a week the battery stopped taking a charge . Other than the cord the thing is worthless .
 I bought this for my xbox about 2 months ago and its starting to have problems already . Major problems . It worked great for the first 2 months than things went south . I hooked in the charger and it would charge 2 seconds . . not exaggerating . Than it would light up green to say it was charged . I unhook the charger and controller died . I even left the Xbox on for the whole day while the controller was hooked in and it still didnt charge . I googled the problem and contacted customer support and they said I have a dead battery . LIE ! My friend let me borrow his quick charge and I placed it in the charging dock and POOF it works . Not the battery . . its the chord . Tried with several other batteries same deal . Go for the quick charge < < < what I own now , Its a little more about 5 bucks more but its worth it !!
 The product page indicates it is a Microsoft official product , but the product I got from `` Super Fast Delivery '' was a cheap knockoff from China . Order at your own risk .
 I got this play and charge kit but in the end I regret it . While the battery was good and would hold a charge , thwe wire would make a buzzing noise everytime i plugged it in . Never will buy from this seller again
 Waste of money , the charge does not hold in the battery pack at all . I suggest all to avoid and to cough up more money for the more expensive plug and play model .
 This game brings back fond memories for me as the worst game I ever played . I laugh every time I think about it . The controls were impossible , there was no manual other than a single piece of paper that gave no indication of what to do in the game , a dumb guy who followed you around presumably to help you but actually just watched you get beat up by the impossibly tough guards , and the music ... The music was relentless . It was like this up-tempo electronic nursery rhyme that looped endlessly without any break while the game was on . That was the only sound . Turn the game on , turn the TV up , and be surprised at the * angry * response you get from roommates in under 5 minutes .
 This game did not work and it is supposed to be for a ps2 then they claim it doesnt work for a ps2 slim and are a bunch of crap
 I do n't know about anyone else . But I came across this huge glitch when fighting the barbarian king . It came out to a green swamp-like background and I could n't even see Kratos or the Barbarian King . So that pretty much meant death for me . Evey time I play its the same situation . But the beginning plot is n't too bad .
 Upon receiving & opening my game , I discovered that only 1 of 2 discs were in the case . . The Game disc was missing and only the Special Features disc was included . Alas , I did n't even get to play the game . I know the actual game is fantastic , I loved the first God of War game.My rating is based on how I received the order . . I will have to purchase the game from somewhere else ... . Sad face ! : -LRB- But hey , at least I got my money back . Cheers to that !!
 god of war 1 was a semi-fun game that became a lot less fun to me after i ran into a bug , getting trapped in one level . i quit after an hour or so of trying to figure out what the hell to do.god of war 2 is luckily bug-free . but i had to consult a walkthrough about 5 times and i hate that ! what happened to the good old days , when walkthroughs were n't even an option and it did n't matter , because you did n't need them ? now more and more games put in incredibly annoying puzzles . well i do n't like puzzles . if i wanted puzzles , i could go play a puzzle game . too bad god of war takes the path of half-life 2 - interspersing the fun cool action with lame annoying puzzles.anyway i solved some of the puzzles , some i looked up online , and by the time i reached a place i did n't know what to do , jumping on a rock that i could n't get past because of a huge lava pit , i quit this game . god of war 2 's strengh is in its action , so why does it insist on putting so many obstacles in the way of getting to the action ?? it makes no sense , really.also i found the flying levels to be mostly a bore . i do n't think this game should focus on flying . . it should focus on what it 's good at - earthbound action . it 's obviously taken a lot of inspiration from ninja gaiden and that 's cool , but no way would i rate it as highly as ninja gaiden . unfortunately i 'm the only one willing to talk about the negative aspects of this game , because gamers think the graphics are oh-so-kool . . and they are great for a ps2 game , but there are problems .
 SECA should be ashamed of themselves for subjecting people to this button mashing game . I spent a great deal of time trying to like the game , but in the end I just got too tired of having the game ignore my moves , spending 20 minutes trying to make just that perfect jump-jump-grab-grab-hit ect ect combo to milisecond timing required by the programmers . They even keep statistics on how many times they kill you.Save your time , money and peace of mind and avoid this game like the plague .
 i chose this rating because while playing god of war 2 i got up to the boss fight &#34; Theseus &#34; and there is no sound music after the part where kratos acquires horse keepers keyand open the second door it should start at cut screen where a blue guy would zap kratos andgive him &#34; Cronus 's Rage &#34; power up , instead my copy just stops working all together .
 Lousy game play ; the first one was better overall . This game was nothing more than some action mixed with eye candy , and crammed with very poor , and false , references to Greek Mythology -LRB- certainly targeted for teenage boys who like `` I 'm a hardcore mutha ' '' music -RRB- . Let 's start with the game play . You get to really abuse block to sickening heights . There is never really any fear of dying for a halfway decent player , even on the higher levels -LRB- the vaunted ` Titan ' setting -RRB- . This ruins the game play-wise . If they had removed or limited block , the game would have been far better and given the player a more serious challenge . The final fight with Zeus is pathetic and a non-challenge . Ares was tougher from GoW , and that is not exactly a 5 star endorsement for difficulty.Historically , the game is laughable . Perseus was nobody to play with , and was honorable . He certainly did not walk around bragging about who he was -LRB- like Kratos -RRB- and acting pompous . Zeus is pathetically pompous -LRB- worse than Perseus , and weak -RRB- to where anyone would want to kill him -LRB- and a far cry from who he was in `` myth '' -RRB- . Athena acts like a weak , love-struck hoochie-mama -LRB- she is the Goddess of Wisdom , not stupidity -RRB- . Icarus was not a crazy lunatic -LRB- and his wings being almost useless in-game -RRB- , and so forth . I clearly get that they made the gods reflect how some teen-age boys see modern day authority figures -LRB- like their fathers , and those in law enforcement/government -RRB- , so they can get worked up into an emotional lather when they play.The story line is exceedingly dumb . You could somewhat understand Kratos in GoW , but here he is just idiotic . Use your divine powers and get your family back ! Better yet , ask Zeus . However , this Zeus is just as dumb as Kratos , and so pompous I doubt he would do anything for anyone -LRB- again , far removed from the god the real Greeks worshiped -RRB- . The game is great for casual gamers , and those who enjoy working out their emotions on straw men in a very phony , pseudo-Greek backdrop .
 The first God of War was incredible and a blast to play . So when I heard that Sony was coming out with GOW 2 for PS2 I was eagerly awaiting the release . When I finally got the game from amazon , -LRB- had to wait a week for shipment even though I ordered it on the 15th -RRB- I immediately opened the game and started playing . What I noticed is that the graphics are much better than in the first game , but then that is expected due to the logical advancements in technology in the time between GOW and GOW 2 . The gameplay was a little smoother than in the first which was an imporovement but overall the game was not that great . They basically had the same magic as in the first game with none of them really all that great or awe inspiring . The new weapons they introduced were slow and clunky and really forced the game player to constantly use the blades since the opponents moved around a lot faster than you could attack . On top of that the moves for the weapons were so numerous , and in most cases painfully slow , that you 'd be hard pressed to remember any of them and I found myself falling back on all the old moves from GOW . The puzzles which were hard but fun to do in the first game were mostly gone and there were not really that many hard battles with the bosses in this game . On top of that the levels seemed short and the overall length of the game was a lot shorter than in the original.The bonus DVD that came with the game was slightly below awful and really teased you with the fact that there could have been more levels in the game that would have increased the entertainment value . To note the people in the bonus DVD state that this game will most likely be the last for PS2 and it will be a great game to send the system out on . Well all I have to say is that if this is the last game for PS2 they basically killed the system . I was greatly disapointed with the game and will be hard pressed to by a PS3 now if this is the level of games they are producing . My suggestion for people is to wait a while until the prices come down then buy the game . I 'm actually considerig buying an Xbox 360 now just to play better more involved games .
 i tried to play this game on my playstation 2 and it would n't play . i contacted the manufacturer and they were n't much help ... . so i do n't know if this game is any fun or not ...
 Fortunately , we rented this one before we bought it . The concept behind the game is fine . Plenty of non-violent puzzle solving activities , but it did not peg our fun meter . The Wii interface developed for this game is pretty flawed . For instance , there is a critical task where you have to activate a wench by twirling the Wii-mote in the air . Spongebob is told to crank hard and fast , which his animated character does . However , it only works if the player twirls it very slowly . Driving games feel pretty awkward too . Animation and graphics are only so-so . As a whole , the game lacks polish . I think most adults would be bored by the game and it wo n't maintain the attention of a younger audience for long , it certainly did not capture the interest of my kids who are fans of the cartoon . I considered giving this three-stars , but for the price , I think we should expect more from the game developers .
 My 8-yr-old son and I played it . -LRB- We both have played a lot on the Wii with the standard games that came free with the Wii which my son and I have mastered -RRB- . He spent 20 minutes trying to get control of the vehicle in this SpongeBob game . Very difficult to get through course without crashing . Felt like car randomly crashed . Weak graphics . Felt like a basic cheap game with SpongeBob stuck on top of it sloppily to make it sell.After 20 minutes of boredom and frustration , we went back to games that came with the Wii free of charge which we both felt were far superior.This SpongeBob game lets the Wii down . Both my son and I were very disappointed .
 This game is n't that great . I got ta be honest and wonder why these three people reviewed this game so highly . Comparing it to other kid 's games for xbox , xbox360 , and game cube ; it falls short . The controls are n't that great , and the kids seem to get tired of the racing aspect of the game really fast . Sadly their favorite part to play is the instrumental part , which is only a small part of the game . The story mode is awful and the characters are poorly drawn and animated . I 'm not talking about picture quality ; I 'm talking about laziness on the side of the artists . I would n't suggest this game for any aged children . Even my spongebob fanatic in my home finds it hard to have fun with this . Maybe some kids like this , but all the ones that have tried the one I have do n't like it . Racing has been 1/2 of the story mode 's game play in the start . Then it moves on to another variety of styles . Sort of a poor attempt at turning minigames into an adventure game . -LRB- just keep in mind it is n't purely an adventure game -RRB- .
 This game is really , really hard to start up . It seems that you have to move from game to game in `` story mode '' in order to get access to each game . My 8 year old - a very experienced gamer , who has spent hours on the wii sports games - was in tears several times trying to make his way through the first two games . The driving part in the first game `` Diesel Dreams '' is frankly beyond the skill base of a child . I finally took over and got us through that . As I write he is trying to `` find Spongebob 's license '' and having lots of difficulty executing the jumps , etc.This is not a game for a child ...
 This product is good , but not complety
 This game is not worth the money . There is something wrong with how the game was set up where it takes a long time to recognize the Wii remote . Not worth time spent being frustrated by trying to make it work , or the money . My son was really upset because he loves Spongebob . I ca n't be the only one that experienced this defect , unless I got a bad copy . I 'll be throwing this in the trash because it 's useless .
 Used it maybe 5 charges in a month and then it just stopped working . Threw it out and have n't bothered replacing it with any such charger again .
 I 've had my 360 for a month now and last night , it stopped working ! I got the 3 red lights flashing on the circle , called customer service , and was told that my power supply is faulty . Cheers to Microsoft for making an expensive product that stops working right after you buy it . Before this happened I really liked the system and was having fun with my free month of Xbox Live gold membership . Instead , I now have to pay to ship my power supply to Mcallen , TX , and wait over a week for it to be returned . Had I known this was an issue , I would not have bought this system ... this is the first time I 've had a console completely stop working -LRB- and once again , after only a month -RRB- . Be careful before making this purchase and perhaps wait until new and updated production versions are released .
 Let me start by saying that I loved my xbox360 and would have recommended it to anyone who asked until this week when I got the 3 red lights of death . I have owned every video game system since the Atari 2600 and I have never ever had a problem with any of them . But with my Xbox 360 as of late I have had nothing but problems.I turned on my xbox the other day for a Guitar Hero II session , and I was player for about 15 min when the system just turned off . When I turned it back on I had not video or audio and 3 red rings on the front of my xbox , so I called customer support and they told me it was a Hardware failure and they would need me to send it in . They were going to send me a box and the whole process should take about 1-2 weeks.Well one week went by and I still had not received my box in the mail yet . So I called them up again , and they told me the box was never shipped and it would be sent out today . Strike one.So then I asked them if I could just mail them the Xbox on my own because I ship UPS everyday at work and it would be alittle faster , and the answer was no . I asked her why and she said because they do not do that . And again I asked her why and she repeated herself , so I asked to speak to a manager.The Manager got on the phone and had an attitude before I even said a word to him . I explained my situation to him and he basically told me there is nothing I can do I have to just wait for the box . I then asked if there was anything they could do to compensate me for the delay , and he told me `` No , we do not compensate our customers for anything '' . I then said that what happened to the Customer is Always Right position in the business world . And he just repeated himself again . I told him to have a good night and hung up the phone . Strike TwoNow I was mad , and I did some research on the internet about this issue . Turns out that this happens to 40 % of Xbox 360s sold . This is a known issue and they have no intention on fixing it . People on the Xbox Forums are now on their 3rd refurbished XBox and nothing is being done . There are horror stories all over the web of how bad MS Customer Service is on the Xbox.I can not stand by a company that treats its customers like this . I own all 3 next gen systems and I can now say that if there is a game that is multi platform I will be buying it for my PS3 . I will miss Xbox Live . But there is no excuse for the way MS is handling this . . If I treaded my customers like that I would be out of business in a week.All I have to say is Buyer Beware .
 Microsoft has created an extraordinary machine . Crisp graphics and so far the library of games available are impressive . The only problem I have is that Microsoft produced a defective product . For the first few months it played fine with only aa couple of moments where the games would freeze . No biggie . Then it died . No problem , sent it in for repairs under warranty . Free of charge . Cool . Got it back and it played well with me actually beating Ghost Recon with no problems . I stopped playing for a while but when I tried playing again BAM ! Ring of Death . Warranty over . $ 130-140 dollars to fix . Yay . I think I 'm going to throw it against the wall and buy a new one . Hopefully Microsoft has found all the solutions to the defects .
 I am not one to complain much but i feel microsoft is being a bit ridiculus . my system was great when it worked but now its a $ 400 + paperweight with less then 24 hrs of game time on it . In the middle of playing Gears of war it stopped being able to read the game disks , or any disk for that matter . Now I have to send it back for service . And from what Im reading Im one of the lucky ones who still have there waranty . just plain bad . Very disapointed .
 Broke down 4 times already , I only play Halo with my friends . the 360 design is so weak comparing to play station , Wii , or even my old xbox , which is still working , , i dont know whats wrong
 I have purchased 3 Xbox 360s . The first two had the famous RROD . I told myself that if the 3rd one broke , no more 360s . Sure enough , less than a year it broke . 9 months to be exact . The system turns on , however , it can not read any DVDs , CDs , and game discs . If I can not get it repaired , thats it for me , no more 360s . What a piece of junk !!!!! I am most certainly disappointed with Microsoft who apparently does not seem to care about quality . Thank goodness I have a PS 3 to keep me occupied . I have now changed to a Playstation fan .
 I first purchased my Xbox 360 9 months ago and since then I have had three consoles that have failed . The first video output died , the second I received the red ring of death and the third the dvd drive would fail to recognize dvd 's and games . I would not purchase this time without getting a extended warranty of some kind and be open to the idea of not having your console for a month while getting repaired . If not for the great games coming out and xbox live I do n't think anyone would be buying these .
 The 2nd broken xbox 360 I 've personally seen and played . Microsoft , no excuese this time.The first one was bought by my company on the first day it 's released . It broke within a month , could n't power on , in a fully air-conditioned conference room . I could hardly believe if it 's because of the well-known overheating problem . It might be understandable considering it 's the first batch and probably rushed and had bugs and it 's not mine , so I did n't care.My personal 2 month-old xbox 360 bought in June 2006 now does not read any disc . One out of 10 tries it might recoganize there is a disc but then show me this hilarious message `` to play this disc , put it in an xbox 360 console '' . Please tell me how do I put a disc in an xbox 360 when it 's already in an xbox 360 ? -LRB- search this message in google , you will find a lot of this incidents -RRB- . Certianly this ca n't be the first buggy batch , so I can only say xbox 360 are really poorly designed and built . Luckily , it broke in 2 months still within the very short 90-day warranty period.About xbox 360 games , they 're prettier because of more polygons , better textures and even prettier if you have a HDTV , however , they 're not necessary better games.The only advantage of xbox 360 over other consoles in the meantime is the xbox live , it 's certainly the best mutli-player service among all consoles and PC . If you like multi-player games , that 's the console you will love .
 First , the Bad ... Wow , I wish I had read this comment section before purchasing an Xbox 360 at a local electronics retailer -LRB- with the initials B.B. -RRB- exactly 33 days ago - note that is 3 days past the refund & exchange deadline . Like I just said , I 've had this system for exactly 33 days and have played it for about an hour each weekend - maybe four hours max . So you can just imagine how surprised I was when I turned it on recently to have 3 red blinking lights flash at me - the system just died . I called customer service and they ran me through a bunch of random tests -LRB- reset the system , unplug the harddrive , unplug all cords , etc. . etc. . . etc. ... -RRB- . So after none of those worked , I googled `` xbox 360 3 flashing red lights '' . Apparently , this is a very well known problem that has affected numerous xbox systems - even those manufactured after Jan , 2006 . It 's something that MSFT has recently addressed - however , they are not really doing much to remedy the situation.Now the Good -LRB- and still some more bad -RRB- ... So , my take on the system ? When it works , the graphics and sound are amazing . The few games I actually was able to play were amazing -LRB- including Ghost Recon - spectacular -RRB- . If it actually worked longer than 4 weeks , I would recommend it to everyone . However , given the circumstances , I would highly recommend staying away from this purchase until they work out all of the hardware kinks . Save yourself hundreds of dollars and a whole lot of frustration ... Next Steps ... Well , since I can no longer return this item to best buy , I 'm going to go through the traditional process of shipping it back to MSFT for service . I 'll continue to update this comment with an honest assessment of how it goes . But , as of today , customer service has informed me that their `` systems are down '' and to `` call back within 12-24 hours '' . Stay tuned ...
 This console is just a ripp off -- XBox is good but XBox 360 is like just the same no extra features just improved on the Internet play , Graphics and sound it is not BackWards compatible you need a Harddrive to play XBox games and its Overpriced like PSP.Wait till the hype evaporates and the prices fall resonably.But the good thing about it is , is that its alot more Portable than XBox and has LOTS of games coming to it at the moment it has.Perfect Dark ZeroCall Of Duty 2Project Gotham Racing IIIQuake 4FIFA 06Tiger Woods 2006I thinks thats it at the moment maybe i ` m wrong.But it has LOADS mor comin ` to it.I ` m sorry but 95 % of the good rating are obviously coming from XBox Fanboys/Fan girls trying to pump more air in the baloon , The biggest thing that annoys me is People are dissing The PlayStation 3/REVOLUTION when neither consoles are not even out for months yet.But then again PS3/REVOLUTION could be worse i wo n`t discount that possibility but when the PS3 and REV. comeout i am comparing : XB360 vs. PS3 vs. REV. and instantly getting The winner-Even if it is The 360 that wins i will just get the forthcoming games , Even though i might miss Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns Of The Patriots and Grand Theft Auto I.V. I love the MGS and GTA games and are coming to PS3.But if i had a prediction I guess i would say PS3-I am hoping too i am looking forwards to its advanced Cell Processor if it lives up to its word.As for the REV. i dunno i am skeptical about the TV Remote style controlers-But REV maybe a good console.We will just hafta see wo n`t we .
 First off , the Xbox360 has great games for the system and the online play is top notch.The downside is that I am now on my third Xbox360 as a result of the `` Red Ring of Death '' . I purchased this system when the price was $ 399.99 and it lasted 6 weeks , than died and I got refurbished unit since my original was unrepairable . This next unit lasted about a year until last week it died . This time I sent my unit in and got the same one back . I hope the saying is true that `` the third time is a charm '' because this is ridiculous . With failure rumors of the Xbox360 to be around 33 % I am wondering how many are repeats?I have since bought a PS3 as well ... the PS3 is worth every penny . It is a beautifully designed console and is now in price competition with the Xbox360 , did i mention the built in Blu-Ray ? Nice!Purchase the Xbox360 with the mindset of not if the unit will fail but when !
 I read about the `` red ring of death '' hardware failure in Game Informer . I never really thought twice about it . About a month later it appears on my Xbox 360 . I could n't believe it ! Upon further research I discovered this problem is so common with this console that Microsoft was forced to extend the warranty from 90 days to 3 years . This is cool and all but it goes to show you right there that this console has MAJOR issues with stability . So I lose my Xbox 360 for about 3 weeks as I wait for the box they sent me to come , send it out , and wait for it to come back . 10 days after receiving my `` repaired '' console back , after only playing it 3 times in the 10 day period , there are the red rings again flashing ! Now I 'm flaming mad ! I called support and they apologize and told me that I need to send it back , and this time I 'll get a different console back rather than the same `` repaired '' one . I would think twice about buying this console .
 This is the worst game system out to date you must beware . There is a 33 % fail rate `` but i feel its alot more then that because i had to send mine back 8 times because it just died on me '' and if u want games with good graphics then yea this system is good but still not the best `` PS3 has the best '' and if you want to watch an HD movie you can do BUT you would have to spend an extra 200 bucks for the HD-DVD drive to watch em . Wan na have wireless internet ? SURE you can ... time to spend 120 bucks for it because its not built in ... Wan na play TRUE HD gaming and play on 1080p ... guess what you cant even though they do have a HDMI port in the system its only ver 1.2 you need 1.3 to get TRUE 1080p ... yea i know microsoft lied to you and i did like the system at first when i got mine but after i did some research i learned that its not good at all and sending my system back 8 times was starting to get very very oldso do yourself a favor and do not buy this system and if you do buy it you will see what i mean when your systems dies and you have to send it in 6-100 timesi would tell you to get a ps3 for a less then .2 % fail rate , best graphics , free online , HD movies `` blu-ray '' , built in wireless internet , and really really good gamesso think about it and before you buy this worthless systemSTEP AWAY FROM THIS GAME SYSTEM ... RIPE OFF !!!!!!!
 I purchased an Xbox 360 through a company on Amazon . I waited 3 and a half weeks for it to arrive . I took it out of the box , set it up , and put in Halo 3 . The console flashed the `` Red Ring of Death '' -LRB- system failure light -RRB- . I had to return the console to the dealer , they stated `` This is a common problem with the new Xbox '' . I wish I would have known that prior to purchasing this product . Im sure there are 360 's that actually work when you turn them on , but dont be dissapointed if you too get the `` Red Ring of Death '' .
 Great system , great games and lots of fun ... but ... This system has a CONFIRMED failure rate of 33 % . Sure you get a three year warranty with it , but do you really want to buy something you know you are going to have to send out for months at a time to get fixed . The 33 % failure includes all models !!! Even new ones . I love my 360 and the games are great , but I can not recommend other people buying something that will probably fail .
 My new Xbox 360 pro bundle is going back to Best Buy this afternoon after a problematic 7 days at home . I have owned every single major console gaming system since the 1976 Magnavox Odyssey 2 and I have never experienced such poor quality like the Xbox 360 currently has . In 7 days , my 360 has locked up mid-game dozens of times , each requiring a reboot . Even worse , it has also put deep circular scratches in my $ 60 COD2 game disk . Like everyone else , I had read about these 2 problems already online and figured that those who camped outside and bought their 360 's around its Nov 22 release date got some buggy first run consoles . I 'm here to tell you , the quality problems are very much still there , 5 production months later . And before anyone accuses me of wrapping my 360 and brick together in a wool blanket , shoving it into an enclosed cabinet and then flipping it from horizontal to vertical rapidly with a spinning disk inside ... uh , no.My 360 build date was Jan 14 , 2006 . It was placed alone out in the open on a table with no heat sources nearby . The power brick was placed 18 '' away on a separate hard surface with excellent cooling . The 360 brick was plugged into a new $ 80 Monster Cable power conditioning surge protector , and the TV is a 6 month old 16:9 Sony WEGA HDTV . All 7 days the console was horizontal and never moved while powered on or accessing the disk . Despite these precautions and extreme care , it still locked up and even worse , repeatedly physically gouged the -LRB- nonrefundable -RRB- game disk surface.I do n't trust Microsoft to remedy the situation as the thousands of blog entries by similarly afflicted 360 owners all say the same thing
 Although this system was pretty fun , I 'd be waiting to get one if I were you . I purchased the premium system at a local chain store on April 7th . I picked up Elder Scrolls IV and Perfect Dark Zero . While the graphics were quite nice -LRB- especially Elder Scrolls -RRB- , the games played very choppy and were glitchy all around . So , I was semi disappointed I had purchased the system , but held out hope for cleaner better games in the upcoming months . Then it happened ... I played Perfect Dark last Thursday night and turned the system off to go to bed . When I went to play it the next evening it would n't produce sound or images and a clicking noise was coming from the system -LRB- Also , the video input it was plugged into no longer works ... not sure what it did to it -RRB- . Well , after talking to the store I bought it at , they said it was common for the system to have glitches and to bring it in and exchange for a new one . I said no thanks ... I do n't really feel like doing this every month , give me my money back.The system was being used in a smoke free enviroment , never been bumped while running , and was in a well ventilated area ... absolutley no reason to break , but it did . I highly recommend waiting till they get these ready to sell -LRB- you know actually free of bugs , glitches , BREAKING -RRB- before dropping $ 400 + on it . It 's not worth the hassle . Shame on you Microsoft ...
 I bought this product on Xmas last year as a present for my fiancee . We had several problems with it . It broke for the 3rd - YES , 3RD - time two weeks ago and guess what
 My daughter really wanted to play the Kameo game so we rented the system for the weekend . It seemed that the cd-rom was pretty loud but I figured `` it 's a rented machine '' . A couple weeks later I ordered one online . I recieved it and hooked it up . I was then greeted by a system failure warning and a blinking red light , after some research online and a call to Microsoft it was determined that the hard drive was bad.This is where the fun really started , Microsoft informed me that I had to ship the hard drive in to be repaired and that I had to pay for shipping . HUH ? Pretty cheezy business practices I think . But OK fine , have it your way.In the mean time I picked up the Kameo game for my daughter and Gears of War for myself . We stopped at a friends house to pick up a memory card that we could borrow while the hard drive was away . Ironically while we were at the same friends house his 360 suddenly experienced three blinking red lights and would n't run at all . I offered my condolences and went home with the memory card.We popped in Kameo and prepared to play . We were then greeted by `` Unable to read disk , the disk may be dirty or damaged '' . HUH ? Its brand new . After several minutes of unplugging and restarting , the game finally took off . The game and the system ran good after that.A couple days later with no one home I eagerly popped in Gears of War to see what all the hype was about . I was greeted by `` You will not be able to play this game without an update , do you wish to update now ? '' . HUH ? AN UPDATE ?!! Good Grief ! I bought this system to play games . I do not intend to play online , and I do not intend to hook it up to the internet . I just want to play games , THAT 'S IT ! I have nothing against online gaming , it 's just not for me . So now what ? Am I supossed to drag my 32 '' TV upsairs to my internet connection so I can update this thing to play one game ? And what about the next game ? will I have the same problem?Now , everytime I turn on this system I cringe with my eyes closed and hope for the best . I know this review is pretty negative , but I 've only had the system for five days and no one should be having these kinds of problems with a new system . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!
 I purchased the Xbox 360 over a year and a half ago and it has completely died . I have noticed the product has mechanical flaws from HD freezes to frequent wireless controller disconnects . Repairs will cost $ 130 + for all customers with expired 1 year warrantees . How convenient ! I 'd rather sink the additional cash into a Sony product . My prediction
 The xbox 360 sucks , it cuts off in 30 minutes!But it cost a fortune.Instead of spending 300-400 bucks you might as well wait for the nintendo revolution.Nintendo says it will be less expensive plus it better.Hey i just dont want to buy a game thats $ 60 bucks.TRUST ME its not worth it.besides its graphics are the same as the first xbox , dont make me laugh .
 the xbox is a bad buy because it breaks a lot I have already gone through 2 in one year it breaks 100 % every 6 months and in between it gives a lot of problems like freezing etc. also if you want to buy a game console it would be better to buy a wii or a ps3 because they are both cheaper xbox cost 400 + 200 -LRB- 4 years online play -RRB- = 600 + repairs = a lot of hidden cost compared to wii where nintendo has a good reputation for making consoles that last and if the console breaks in one year they fix it and it is highly unlikely that a nintendo system would break or a ps3 which might cost 600 but that is all you need to pay upfront there is not that many hidden cost like xbox 360
 Alright I have n't totally played the system to much i do n't even own one but my friend does and I 've played it and i will tell you why i 'm very disgusted . First of all pardon my french but what the f *** seriously why the hell would you realease a freakin system and not have all the kinks out of it , seriously someone from microsoft can truthfully tell me of the thousands of systems they tested none of them did were faulty and if they were why would you release them or raise our hopes up so that we ca n't get them for 3 to 4 friggin months after they were `` released '' if you can say that . Second of all did they not want to make money because lets think this through hmmmmmm ... . let release them on Nov 22nd right before Christmas great idea everyone will buy one because every kid will want one from Santa and what do you tell your kid , sorry Santa got a little to greedy -LRB- or stupid -RRB- this year and we could n't get one from him exactly they would of made so much sales over christmas it would of made your head spin but now i so disgusted i think i going to say SCREW you Microsoft Hellooooo Sony PS3 baby .
 I got it home , had fun with Forza 2 , then played it on and off for about 2.5 months . I turn it on one day and it does n't work . Now they offered to fix it for free , but I wo n't do it . I 'm going to fix it myself and sell it immediately .
 I bought mine today and it froze after 30 minutes . Several different errors , but it wo n't even boot now and I 've owned it for less than 6 hrs . What a rip off . Microsoft is producing a lot of junk and they know it !
 To those saying the people who keep praising this system , get real . It is the WORST LAUNCH EVER IN MY OPINION . I mean I played the Xbox 360 , its fun , but I would n't spend money on it . I wanted to at first , but I will not take the chance . If you get a working one good for you , if not , your screwed ! Its nice , but I will wait for a PS3 because I trust Sony and love the games . The graphics are nice , but its too expensive -LRB- not the consloe , accsessories -RRB- . I mean why pay $ 100 for a Hard Drive and a wireless adapter a piece ? The cables $ 40 ???? Its too pricey for me . Pay $ 50 for online play when I can get it for free on the PSP with as much quality . This is MY opinion . I will get it when I hear better things about it . If you want a 360 for about $ 150 -LRB- premium or full loaded -RRB- got to Japan because there is a lot of them . I think Microsoft wasted too much time on Japan that they rushed the system . The 360 sales there did worse than the original Xbox . The 360 hit too early . It is not really new . Graphics and a new shell and thats it . It is basically an offcially modded Xbox with a diffrent color , diffrent controller , and a new graphic chip . The gameplay is stil the same and not new . I think it is not next gen , more like a Xbox upgrade . It still has time , but it is weak . If Microsoft launched this in around mid 2006 , it would have something comparable to PS3 graphics . I would recommend NOT TO BUY THIS . Get more PS2/Gamecube/Xbox / PSP/DS games instead or wait for a PS3/Revolution . Get a Xbox in about 2 years or so when it lives up to the words `` next generation system '' . Right now its nothing but a few tweaks with same games in a new package.Side Note
 I bought the Xbox 360 premium system 3 weekends ago and I took it back for a full refund the following weekend . I had trouble with the console locking up on me , and overheating . It was only a matter of 2 or 3 minutes of turning it on when it began to blow hot heat out the back of the console ... it was just like having a space heater running in my bedroom . I assume it was on it 's way to the `` Ring Of Death '' and that 's why I took it back . The games are n't that great either . I feel the system was very rushed and has poor quality in the machines . My advice is avoid the Xbox 360 . The origial Xbox is twice the machine and I have never had any problems with it .
 The situation at hand is criminal . The first time i played my new 360 after about 40 min it shut down , man u should have felt the heat emmitting from the vents of the console , i later discovered that this is a common problem with the new units . My brother went to buy one and coudnt find any as all retailers are sold out , lo and behold out come these stupid packages that the big retail chains are putting together and all cost around $ 800 to $ 900 each . Before they announced the launch the price was stated as being between $ 299 and $ 399 . Now why hasnt the Dept of Justice stepped in to stop this incredible over pricing , do they take us the consumer for idiots ? I dont know how long this will carry on for but something really needs to be done about it , ive returned mine , got my refund and wont buy another until the problems are fixed and the pricing is fair .
 The system is fun when it actually works , but I am currently on my 4th repaired system which keeps destroying the dvd drive and any disk that is in their currently . Microsoft refused to replace GoW when the DVD destroyed it last time , but they finally just let me get a new system . Buyers beware , you might want to get the extended warrenty if you are any kind of gamer as this thing falls apart upon touching it .
 Okay , so this `` review '' is actually going to serve as both a review of the Xbox 360 and a rant.Way back in the day , I was a total gamer . I had NES , SNES , Sega Genesis , Sega CD , Gameboy , and Nintendo 64 . I loved playing video games when I was n't doing homework ! However , as I became busier with balancing a part-time job , doing homework , and doing extracurriculars in high school , I became less interested in games and kinda put everything away . Then toward the end of college , I found out that a good friend of mine had also been a big gamer when he was younger and then stopped . We both started playing again , and loved it . I am a big fan of the Zelda/Metroid/Mario series , so I decided that the console I would buy around Christmas 2006 would be the GameCube . I was amazed at how far graphics and sound had come , and even though there was n't a huge selection of games for the system , I was totally blown-away . When I heard about the new Wii system coming out , I was thrilled and began waiting eagerly in anticipation . However , I was unwilling and unable to spend forever waiting in the cold during the initial Wii release period just to get a console , and I figured that at LEAST by the new year , it would be possible to get one . WRONG . I asked the people at EB Games and GameStop when they thought it would be possible to get one just by walking into a store and picking it up off the shelf , and they said probably not until March . So I continued to regularly check places up until then , but I was never fortunate enough to be at a place during the 10 minutes they had systems in-stock . By spring , I was thoroughly annoyed with Nintendo for being so terrible at making Supply meet Demand . Of course , it eventually became more possible to get a Wii by ordering a `` bundle '' online that contained 4 or 5 games , an extra controller set , and a memory card , but I did not have the money to spend that much all at once . Also , I thought it was very shady of them to make people buy so much merchandise at once -LRB- especially when there 's almost always a bad game in the bundle -RRB- if they wanted to * know * they 'd get a system . Since Sony had supposedly created one of the biggest failures of 2006 by presenting the PS3 at such a high price , I decided that I 'd set my sights on getting an Xbox 360 . Most of the games available for PS3 , Wii , and 360 get the best ratings on the 360 , as they do n't translate well onto the Wii , and the PS3 games always have something minor that makes them worse than the 360 equivalents . Plus , the 360 library has some GREAT games for it . Since I was so tired of finding that Wiis are still so hard to come by , I bought a 360 Pro last week . Although the price tag was still outrageously high to me , I trusted that the 360 would just be that awesome of a system . I thought , `` Hey , it 's cheaper than the PS3 , it has great games , and the systems they have out for demos at stores show AWESOME quality '' . I researched quite a bit and read about how the 360 sometimes overheats and people get annoyed , but I figured that if I kept it in a well-ventilated area and followed all of Microsofts set-up advice , it 'd be fine . Plus , it 's been over a year since it came out , so obviously all the problems must be fixed by now . Once again , WRONG . The fans being loud was slightly annoying , but it really did n't drive me nuts . Neither did the heaviness of the system and parts . I was even okay with the obscenely huge power supply and A/V cable . I started the 360 and was so excited to finally be joining the ranks of the Xbox users who get to play amazing games like the Halo series . The first time I turned the unit on , a red ring started flashing around the power button . I turned my TV to the Video 2 display , and it looked like the 360 logo screen was frozen . In my excitement , I wrote it off to just bad luck . I turned the console off , waited for about 30 seconds , then turned it back on . Everything was fine ! I played Marvel a good amount for the first 48 hours I owned the unit . While I was annoyed that every time I had a lot going on on the screen , I got a slight skip in the gameplay , it did n't bother me much , and I LOVED the graphics and sound quality . Then after about 2 days , I turned the system on and it froze at the start screen again . I would sometimes have to turn it on and back off a few times before it woud successfully start up and then successfully load the Marvel game , but at least it was working . The day after that , I could no longer even get past the process of turning on the system . I 'd either get the red flashing rings around the power button , or I 'd get no response from the system ... like it was frozen and did n't know it . Of course , Microsoft says that if this happens , there is an `` internal problem '' and you need to send it in to get fixed.Now come on , Microsoft . This is totally unacceptable . You guys are a major company , and you must have legions of geniuses and/or technology wizards working for you . For a long time , I had always been a fan of Nintendo and Microsoft , and I really did n't care for Sony 's PS consoles . However , after having played my friend 's PS3 and played a few people 's Wii systems , I must sadly say that the 360 is losing the race at this time -LRB- and what a sad race it is , too ! -RRB- . While Nintendo is lagging in Wii output and the PS3 is extremely expensive and currently has a dire outlook in terms of games available , at least those systems have FAR better operation track records ! Perhaps some people have had no problems with their 360 's , and they should count themselves extremely lucky . And maybe this new `` Elite '' system does n't have the overheating and/or crashing problem . Regardless , that is no excuse for the other two versions of the system to NOT FUNCTION . Just assuming the Elite is finally the system that Microsoft intended on producing -LRB- which would still be a sad situation , in my opinion -RRB- , there is no reason why people should have to shell out so much money for it if they do n't need the extra memory ! Regardless , I am so disappointed that I am probably going to just return this system to Best Buy and get a refund , despite the fact that I bought the 2-year replacement plan . For all I know , I could have to get a 360 replaced on an average of once a month ! That 's too much hassle and NOT worth it . Although I am also angry with Sony and Nintendo -LRB- although not nearly as much , considering my situation with the 360 -RRB- , I think I will just save up and wait and eventually buy a Wii and * maybe * a PS3 and just wait until the NEXT Xbox system comes out to invest in Microsoft 's gaming library.For those of you who are having no problems with your 360 's , have fun with the amazing game library . Due to my experience , however , I am heavily dissatisfied and would strongly recommend that anyone who is considering a 360 make sure to find out if the Elite systems are far more consistent , and then decide if they think it 's worth it to spend the extra money for the system . Otherwise , I 'd say the PS3 system is actually fantastic , and if the game library improves -LRB- especially with Resident Evil 5 ! -RRB- , then they should totally invest in that . It plays Blu-Ray DVD 's -LRB- and costs less than most Blu-Ray DVD players -RRB- and operates very well with probably the same quality of graphics and sound as the 360 .
 That 's right , the Xbox 360 destroys games and Microsoft does not feel that it is their fault . My Call Of Duty 3 game was destroyed by my Xbox 360 . Microsoft told me that I moved the 360 while the game was in the 360 and the 360 was on . I have never moved my 360 while it was on . I am the only person that ever uses my 360 . Activision will give me a replacement disc for only $ 20 and it takes 3-4 weeks for me to get the game back . I am very angry about this .
 There is absolutely no doubt that this is a Microsoft product . It comes out of the factory full of defects . The customer buys the product , takes it home , and discovers the problem . The said customer calls for support . Microsoft 's first reaction is to try to put the blame on the customer . After all , it surely must be the customer 's fault that they 're having problems . Besides , to readily acknowledge a problem might mean more corporate money would have to be redirected to solving the issue . The customer , like most people , politely and patiently persists and Microsoft finally listens and agrees to fix the problem . And Microsoft 's solution is not always the best possible , in terms of what is good for the customer . Eventually , the boys from Washington wakes up and decides that they do indeed have a problem with their product . And then they reluctantly put away the latest copy of WIRED magazine and get to work looking for ways to patch the problem.So now you say , `` Hold on Citan . I 'm looking to buy a console , not one of the Windows Operating Systems . What are you doin ' writing a Windows review here . Please , I 'm begging you . Tell me about the XBox 360 ! And please , make it quick before the boss walks in and sees me surfing the net instead of doing his work . `` My friend , I hate to break the news to you but I am indeed writing a review of the XBox 360 ! And you know , brevity is not one of Citan 's traits . But I am sensitive to the fact that you might be reading this while you 're at work and are risking the wrath of your boss . So let me respond to the Big Question , now.Do I recommend the XBox 360 ? No , not for the average gamer . The hassle and aggravation that would result due to the console 's high potential for breaking down are just not worth it . Not for the average gamer . You see , the average gamer is not extremely particular . The typical gamer can find many games , from several different genre , that they can enjoy . So , unless you are compelled to play Gears of War or any of the XB360 exclusive titles , my recommendation is to stay away from this console . At least for now . Who knows , the console might eventually become reliable after Microsoft applies a few more `` patches '' to the problems that plague their console . But do n't hold your breath . Do keep this in mind . Microsoft is still patching up Windows XP , for Pete 's sakes!A new , redesigned version of the console will be released later this year . And that version will use a cooler-operating processor that should help alleviate one of the 360 's main issues
 It worked for about 3 months . Long enough for me to put out lots of money for accessories , games , a year 's subscription to xbox live , and microsoft points . The game was accidently bumped while a disc was in the console and the thing not only marred the game disc but the system never worked properly again.Called xbox and was informed that the warranty had expired after 90 days . They wanted to charge $ 139.00 to repair it . We have owned every Nintendo and Playstation and have never had to call the company due to system malfuction . Never had a problem before.I tried to get xbox to pay for the repair since I think it is a ridiculous issue and they would not budge . The most they offered me was a 25 % discount . After all the money I have already put into this system for 3 months of good game play , I decided to cut my losses.When the system worked it was nice , however it only worked a short time for us . I can not encourage anyone to buy a system that can not be accidenlty bumped or slightly moved without major damage occuring . It 's one thing to eat a disc , it 's quite another for the system to completely quit reading any discs.Buyer beware .
 received defective back in July ` 06 . Has been repaired 3 times.Still waiting for the HD to be returned after the unit was returned w/o it . They now claim I did n`t ship the HD w the unit bc their is a discrepancy btwn what the xbox console + HD weigh and the weight of the box they received . Unbelievable!Have called customer service at 1.800.740.9269 least 20 times.I have been given at least 20 + reference # ` s.Difficulty in communicating w the cust sv reps bc of their inability to clearly understand English.Only reason I called sooo many times is bc my 8 yr old nephew is very unhappy he ca n`t get his present back from the repairman.I have stopped payment through AMEX.DON ` T BUY ! DO N`T BUY !! DO N`T BUY !!! DO N`T BUY !!! DO N`T BUY !!!
 All I have to say is do n't buy this crap . Wait and get the PS3 . Stay away from the 360
 I ca n't believe someone will buy a $ 400 game console that is a pieace of junk . It has the worst games ever . The graphics for it are horrible . I 'm going to wait and save my money on the PS3 .
 Ha , this system is so wack , I made up a wrap.Who ever buys this is wastin there time.I tried to tell you in words , but I put it in a rhyme.It cost four hundred when it should cost a dimeYou should wait for Ps3 , do n't waist your money.Especially on something that has the value of a tree.Another words , xbox 360 is wack , because the loading is messed up . I 'm not gon na be playing no game , and getting happy because Im winning , and then it freezes up and I have to start all over again .
 Theres one word that describes this system ... . DUMB ! I honestly think that people should n't buy this . Wait for the PS3 or the Nintendo Revolution . DO N'T BUY IT
 Poor quality . Plus ... good luck finding one . Microsoft messed up this launch hardcore . All because they wanted to be first out of the gate .
 I hate this console . I just got it and for about ten minutes of playing it , IT frezzes up . -LRB- ... -RRB- . May next console will be the PS3 .
 This thing has the worst games and graphics . I played Perfect Dark Zero , Kameo Elements of power , and call of duty 2 . All of them have horrible Graphics . I am going to sell my 360 and get a PS3 .
 Why is everyone so surprised , this was all greatly anticipated ... Microsoft has NO Quality Control department ... they price gouge regularly , Microsoft is a great marketing company .
 the 360 is a total flop , faulty harware , outdated hardware , no full HD , i dont hate MS , i have a xbox but the 360 is just ... well plain crap , wait to see what Nintendo and Sony have to offer , the 360 is a pass console
 This system is not worthy of being a next-gen console , but thats not really the problem . Microsoft did not think of the gamers when creating the 360 -LRB- big surprise there -RRB- . The backwards compatibility is not native . No accessories , especially memory cards , work with the system that worked with the old xbox . The system is loud , with an annoying `` whine '' when the DVD spins up . The D pad is very poorly designed . The old white and black buttons have been replaced with shoulder buttons -LRB- some games this may be a plus -RRB- . I bought several of the top games , and they are just prettier than the old xbox games , not better . Same old crap under the pretty wrapping . There is no `` Wow ! '' factor with this system . I could write many more picky problems I found with my experience playing the 360 , but the bottom line is I am returning this one and sticking with Nintendo for my gaming for now , at least they are all about the gamer and have different , innovative games .
 So I went and got me one of them shiny new Xbox360s the other day . Long story short
 If you like playing video games in small doses ... say ... mmmm ... 15 minutes at a time before your $ 400 game console freezes and you have to re-start the unit losing all of your progress in the game you 've been enjoying for ... mmm ... 15 minutes , buy this product . If you do n't like wasting your money on expensive garbage better suited to be a toaster oven than a game machine , do n't buy this . Another fine piece of Microsoft junk .
 There are no xbox 360 's in the stores , but yet on any given day there are over 10,000 for sale on ebay ?! I honestly believe that microsoft planned this -- if you ca n't find an xbox 360 , at least you 'll be in the stores and buy something in its place . This is ridiculous . I saw one person had 40 units for sale on ebay for $ 1000 each . I 'm guessing he 's the manager of a Target store so it seems?Microsoft has made plenty of units on hand , they just choose to release a few at a time.Wonder what would happen if everyone just STOPPED the frenzy and let them sit on the shelves ? With all the problems everyone who is playing them are having , is it worth the money and trouble to stand in line ? Hard drives crashing , red lights staying on , etc. .
 MicroSoft is Being Sued for the X360 Scratching Game Disks . One out of every 3 -LRB- 33 % -RRB- XBOX 360 's break . Microsoft will fix it for free ONLY if it is due to the 3 red light failure . If it scratches your $ 60 game disks it will cost $ 20 to replace each . Go with a Wii or PS3 instead , or just stick to last gen systems till MS comes out with their next gen console .
 Okay lets be real here . I am tired of all the Microsoft lovers on here bashing the `` Sony fans , '' by saying they 're all spitting hype and that the 360 is this behemoth of a system.I could outperform this console with a PC with a large lineup of games . I am a PS fan yes , but not because it 's the cool thing to do , because they have provided good consoles with good games . Before that I was a hardcore Nintendo fan , I simply move where the grass is greener , and it is n't here.I 've played Oblivion on the console , and while it 's working it 's fine . I use my friends to play , and it keeps crashing . He is now on his 3rd system which still has to be shut off after a few hours of play to keep it from over-heating and becoming ruined , again.Microsoft is nice about it when he called , they are very apologetic and pay for everything to replace the console , including shipping costs , so thats nice.The console IS fun when you 're playing it , and on a HDTV the games do look a hell of a lot better . But we 're talking next generation , and when you 're competeing with something like the playstation 3 , you need to make sure you 're competetive.What I will say for the 360 is , visually the PS3 is n't going to be too much better , but still noticeably so , if you do n't believe me look up a comparison of their video cards . The PS3 is just going to offer more , and for a couple hundred dollars more . Blu-ray discs can hold 54 gigs of information on a single layer . Which means MUCH larger worlds than the Xbox could hope to duplicate . The Cell processor is being compared to super-computers by technological experts , which you can ALSO look up.All of you keep in mind the cell processor is 7 CPUs running at once.Which also means AI and PPU support can reach a paramount level that you would n't think realistic.For instance in Oblivion , they have what , 1000 NPCs ? And ? On a PS3 game the potential is more than 4 times that , with the hard-drive allowing for 3 second load times.Oblivion on the 360 has glitching issues , and not only that , AI is ... Unfair . When you steal something , why is it EVERYONE knows it 's missing , and when you attack someone every guard knows where you are , and that you 're a murderer ? Whats going on there?The bottom line here is , if you are a really hard-core gamer and multimedia type person I guarantee you the PS3 will be the console for you , it wo n't disappoint.The 360 is good , if you are n't willing to push the extra 200 dollars for a console that is n't capable of as much and you are n't deterred by the high potential for motherboard destruction -LRB- usually due to over-heating -RRB- which will require you to have it replaced .
 What the heck is up with this !?! Everyone is pushing the 1000.00 pacakges , cause their too damn greedy to just sell the systems on there own . . Whatever . . I 'm gon na wait 6 months and pay a third of the orginal price plus get free crap with it . . That is if I even buy one . . My computer looks just as good as the new 360 games ... Not really impressed ... I would have to say that the xbox 360 is the worst system launch since Neo Geo ... Booo !
 Im not a sony fan so dont think that Im just posting cause I think one is better then the other . . I bought my console in Nov of 2005 it died in Oct. of 2006 so luckly I have a one year warranty on the 05 's . . so I sent it in and recived another console from Microsoft . Unfortuntly the unit only lasted 2 days before freezing and the ring of lights came on and all I used it for was to play a DVD . . Ofcourse they said they would replace it but this is rediculus to have to keep sending it in just to get somone 's junk . . -LSB- ... -RSB- I paid alot of money for what I thought was going to be a awsome product and it would be for not the problums its caused me and thousands of other users do the research you will see.also consumer reports say that they have info from a insider and said that the falure rate has not been reported truthfully from Microsoft 's claim of 3-5 % the insider said it was more like 30-50 % of the consoles are defective and givin time most will fail befor they hit 2 years ... check out consumer reports web site . . Good Luck if you decide to go for it . .
 Microsoft originally refused to repair the console due to their fall update , but I guess enough people call and complain , they extended their warranty from 90 days to 1 yr . I personally do n't play that much game , I use it for viewing my media center recordings on tv . The system first freeze , make buzzing sound . Then after couple days , the system would not boot at all -LRB- 3 red ring of death -RRB- . I research online , there are MANY people with the same issue . I called Microsoft many times , talk to various technician/support people , even with some supervisor -LRB- rude I might add -RRB- , still not going to fix my console for free . They want to charge $ 89 to fix it -LRB- keep in mind , the fall update bricked my console -RRB- . Around Xmas time , Microsoft announce they are extending the warranty to 1 yr for everybody . Just called in to M$ , they will finally fix the console -LRB- not really fix , just going to send me a refurbish unit -RRB- . Hopefully this unit does n't freeze . So unless you have to play some game that is exclusive to xbox , probably better to get Sony or Nintendo . And if you use the media center function , use that money to buy a video card with HDMI or DVI output , less hassle than dealing with Microsoft xbox support .
 It was a nice system with a great library of games until I got the 3 red lights of death 4 months later . I 'll be getting a refurb from MS but who knows how long that will last . These systems really are defective . You would think a company with as much dough as MS has could throw the consumer a bone once in a while . But most people that know videogames agree MS is the most money hungry of the 3 console makers . 1 . $ 50 a year to play online . 2 . $ 180 for a proprietary 120 gb harddrive that should cost $ 100 . 3 . $ 50 for 512mb mem card -LRB- a thumb drive of the same size is like $ 10 but MS wont let you use them to save games -RRB- Save yourself the frustration and go with the Wii if you need family friendly games or the PS3 which is a superior piece of hardware . Unless you want to pay MS $ 80 a year just for the privilage of playing the 360 . -LRB- $ 50 for xbox live and $ 30 a year to extend the warranty -RRB-
 Here is an update . I purchased a newer 360 not too long ago and got a 2 year warranty for it . Since I do n't go on-line or download -LSB- ... -RSB- the Elite is a waste of money for me . That being said , I still have many of the concerns of the first one such as cd scratching internally and overheating too quickly . Sometimes I 'll be in the 9th inning or 4th quarter and suddenly the announcers will stop talking and then it will say ' please clean cd ' on BRAND NEW CDS ! Well , it 's still annoying but keeping it isolated from the block and the tv as much as possible seems to be the key.That being said , whether I play Gears , NBA , MLB , Lost Planet or whatever it 's a load of fun and the controls are seemless . The system is just too fragile in the long run to satiate.This is my plan . Keep the 360 for about 2 years , by then the PS3 will have dropped in price . Then trade the 360 and all my stuff for a PS3 . The 360 is better in the short run . The PS3 has a much brighter future . Do n't believe me ? Blu ray 's got better studio support , by then the Cell and Blu Ray will be easier to design for and Microsoft has a nasty habit of abandoning its older systems too quickly - just like on their PC -LRB- Windows XP is about 1000 -LSB- ... -RSB- Vista but guess what ... -RRB- So anyways , it 's a good system , especially in the short run . I prefer the 360 control to the PS3 -LRB- Six Axis is overrated -RRB- but the system is just too fragile and the graphics . . they are n't as good . And keep in mind only 20 % of the power of the PS3 is being utilized at the moment . When they utilize even 50 % it will be Hasta La Vista a la 360 . Until then , enjoy this system . It 's cheaper -LRB- especially if you do n't go for the accessories like Live -RRB- and has a bigger library .
 I bought this game console for my son for Christmas . Although it lived up to many expectations , it developed a significant problem in the first month of use . While my son was playing one of his games , I moved the console from its upright to horizontal position . The result was that the $ 50 game disc got scratched and became unplayable . Furthermore , the disc drive in the console became intermittently unable to read discs and then failed entirely . Luckily , I was able to replace both the disc and console under warranty . When unpacking the replacement console , I noticed a little removeable sticker on the unit which read , `` Do not move the console when disc is in place '' , or words to that effect . -LRB- Evidently , my son had enthusiastically removed that sticker from the previous unit during the frenzy and excitement of opening Christmas presents . -RRB- However , here is a case of a major design flaw
 Do n't waste your time on this product as it will most likely spend time being shipped back and forth for warranty repairs . Microsoft has extended the warranty period to 3 years and set aside over 1 billion dollars just to cover the extremely high failure rates of these units and have reported to have lost over 7 billion dollars on the XBox line to date . How long before investors tell them to pull the plug on this failure ? Are you willing to sink $ 399 into a product that has a dismal future as a stand alone game console when you can get a PS3 for $ 499 and have an entire Blu-Ray library to watch , some of the best games to play -LRB- Motorstorm , Ninja Gaiden , almost all of the PS2 line games , Superb games that were shown off at E3 2007 -RRB- , an online community -LRB- Home -RRB- , a DNLA client to watch your video files , photos , and listen to music ... the list goes on . Plus you get monthly , if not more , updates to the firmware which increases the capability of the PS3.As for reliability of the PS3 , I personally have been running mine almost 24x7 to help out the Folding at Home project . I 've clocked over 170 work units to date which is equivalent to about 57 days . Since the project has only been running for 4 months and we use the PS3 for movies , music , and gaming , then 57 days out of 4 months is a lot of uptime . Zero problems . You can google elsewhere for PS3 reliability as well and find very few issues , less than 1 % is the estimate.There is no comparison.Parents should be ashamed if they buy the Xbox 360 for their children .
 This just looks like the regular premium system . Is something extra bundled with it or is this just a case of price gouging?Supply is catching up with demand so there is no reason to pay extra !
 I bought this system on December 2006 and on April 2007 it was toast . My house has a central air conditioner system so it 's always 24C . It broke with 3 red lights of death and I lost all my money , because I bought it in the US and I brought it to Venezuela . To fix it I would have to spend more money that buying a new one , so screw MS , such an expensive console should not break in less than 5 months . I loved the console , while it worked , but so many people are having this same problem because the console heats up too damn much . No extra fan solution is good enough . Buy something else , keep away from bad quality products like this .
 I waited a year to buy the Xbox 360 and purchased 1 this Christmas for my son . Christmas was nearly ruined by what happened . After functioning perfectly for 1 day - now the Xbox 360 will not read discs of any kind . It does not return an error message of any kind - just behaves as if no disc has been inserted at all . I did not feel that the machine should be returned to Amazon - so I called Microsoft on Dec. 26 , 2006 . Service was helpful and courteous but the end solution was that I would need to wait for Microsoft to send me a box that I could pack my Xbox into and return the Xbox 360 to them for inspection and repair . As of 3:30 pm on Jan. 2 , 2007 - I am still waiting on the package . I suppose they might have the Xbox 360 returned to me before Jan. 15 but with the current date - Holidays and weekends I doubt it . I would probably not be motivated to write this review - this is my first - except that I had to buy 3 of the prior generation Xboxs to keep them running and I specifically waited a year to let the bugs be worked out . Instead I sit with a dead Xbox 360 and stack of Xbox 360 games received as Christmas presents that will be playable - who know when?I still favor Microsoft and have ordered my first Zune but I am so disappointed .
 Well it finally happened . My 360 lasted almost a year , not quite though . For cutting edge technology I 'm fairly disappointed . I 'm not much of a console person to begin with but I decided to purchase the 360 . I understand they have a return policy now but I think its a bit late for that , considering that I 've already sold all my games and invested it into some computer hardware . I 'd advise everyone else to do the same .
 I bought this console 7 months ago and probably have only played with it for 4 moths , the other three have been broken waiting for the coffin or in service . Of course MS had to increase the warranty to 3 years if this crap keeps breaking . I 'm really pissed off , if the next replacement does n't work as intended I 'm getting my money back somehow .
 I bought this xbox 360 December of 2006 and from day one have babied it and made sure it got lots of air circulation because of all the stories of overheating that i read about . But with all the gentle care i have given this thing it has self destructed recently -LRB- 3 red lights -RRB- . I was just amazed and dumbfounded that a company like Microsoft could release a high priced piece of equipment like this onto the market when it should still be in the lab getting hardware/software problems resolved.Some of the games like Gears of War are really awsum and a lot of fun . But be prepared to pay the price for the good times because in my opinion its not if it will break , its when it will break.I have worked with PC 's for 12 years now and have gone through all the problems Microsoft has released with every new version of their operating system . I should have known that the Xbox 360 would be no different . Its a shame that Microsoft has released such a problamatic system like this on the market , and its not just me , all my friends that have this unit have had to send their machine in for repair at some point . Just do a google search for xbox 360 and you will find a huge amount of people complaining of failures.I for one have learned my lesson , i am done spending money on anything Xbox , no more games -LRB- i will rent instead -RRB- and no more investment in options . I have 500 dollars worth of Xbox 360 and games that are a doorstop right now . My unit is under warrenty and microsoft is sending me a shipping box so that i my get repairs made as needed , but my POINT is ... this 3 month old machine that i have only used for about 30 hours is broken and unusable when i needed it for out of town company.Beware of anything , Micrsoft !
 I bought this unit in March 2006 . The gaming was fantastic , the media center extender capabilities were very useful , and I thought I had a winner . Then I began to notice some problems . The unit ran extremely hot . I mean you could literally feel the heat pooring off of the machine . I did my best to ventilate the unit . I even removed the glass door from the front of my entertainment center to let more air in . Six months later , the hard drive failed . At first , I thought I 'd just send it back . I figured it would have a 1 year warranty like pretty much every other piece of electronic equipment on the market . Much to my dismay , I discovered that the unit comes with only a 90 day warranty . I was told by customer service that I had to send the unit back to Microsoft for repairs which would cost me $ 129 . I would then have the option of purchasing a 1 or 2 year warranty for another $ 30 or $ 50 . I guess Microsoft really dodged a bullet by cutting the warranty to 90 days . It can save you a lot of cash when you 're selling a product that quits after 6 months . Here 's my advice
 If you are considering buying an xbox 360 , you must first find out about the three flashing red lights problem -LRB- a hardware problem that most xbox 360 have -RRB- . I own an xbox 360 and after 10 months I already had this problem . Find out if the new xbox 360 's could have this problem too . If you are considering on buying an xbox 360 or a PS3 ... I would recommend the PS3 , I have had the chance to play it and I loved it , I should have bought that one .
 Overpriced , not available , no A + titles , gliches , `` bundels '' , multiple system types . Barely backwords compatible . Some games do n't look better than this generation . Could Microsoft have screwed this up anymore ? Does anyone there have any knowledge of how to do it right ? Does n't look like it . This sytem will NOT win this generation . I could tell microsoft how to do it , but they would n't want to here it , since they already think they know .
 IT freezes every hour or so ! You need a stand to keep it from doing this ! horrible buy ! it 's a rippoff !!!
 We gave the game system to our sons for Christmas , did n't have it running more than 2hours and it overheated , had to contact Nintendo , we sent it back , still do n't have a new one . Very disappointing .
 I am a gamer NOT a fanboy of anyone . I was going to get a 360 , but it is hard to find . I also hear a lot of defects as well . Microsoft has thousands of units in wharehouses . I played it a lot at Target King Kong and Call of Duty 2 are amazing . If I have to play all this money -LRB- $ 400 + games + Xbox Live -RRB- and my system shuts on me , it will be a waste . Microsoft wo n't help at all . I mean they will `` get '' your Xbox , but wo n't send it for months . I think if you want this for Christmas , just wait . You have no choice anyway , unless if you hand over $ 2,000 for a core thats right A CORE SYSTEM ! I would get a PS3 , Sony is learning the mistakes MS made and if you are dumb enough not to see let me point it out for you :1 . Rushed Xbox 3602 . Did n't finish testing/making 360 stable3 . Games suck nothing must have no Halo -LRB- PDZ and CoD2 WOW another FPS for the crap box shouting with joy ! -RRB- 4 . bad service5 . Ca n't even send out more shipments do dissapoint people -LRB- `` every week '' yeah right . More like every year -RRB- Just get a Revolution and a PS3 . When the Xbox 360 gets better games and less defects , I will get it then . Until then Let me enjoy what I have -LRB- GC , PSP -RRB- .
 Ok , one day I was in Game Stop and I was playing the 360 . The graphics were not that much of a difference ! from the previous Xbox . Bill Gates did not take there time to make sure the 360 was working fine . `` DO N'T BUY THE 360 ON AMAZON OR YOU 'LL GET PISSED '' PS3 will probably have better features then the 360 , but will see . Sony did a smart thing ! , they checked their console to insure no problems were found , thats why they are delaying PS3 to 2007 I think .
 Warning , do not use credit cards when buying from amazon . If amazon makes a mistake they wont pay for your interest and they will give you a refund in almost 6 months -LRB- while the credit card still charges you with an interest -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 All I have to say is do n't buy this crap . Wait and get the PS3 . Stay away from the 360
 I was about to buy this XBox360 as an early Birthday present for my step-son who 's birthday is n't until April . But after a few research and reports heard from friends who know people who have the XBox360 already . I have n't heard a single WOOT or Good thing . I 've heard one of my friends cousin his XBox360 overheated and melted the CD inside and the plastic case exterior . Another friend says it glitches and locked up . Many reports I 've read were the same about lock ups , screen glitches , overheating , etc. . I was surprised that these reports came outta something Microsoft made . I mean did someone fall asleep at the assembly line or something . Did they not think of putting in a cooling fan ? I mean even PS2 has a cooling fan in it . All major gaming systems got one . I think even GameCube . And to cover up their error they raised the price to cover the new parts and stuff installed into the XBox360s to prevent any reoccurring error . That 's a bunch of bull poo if you ask me . I 'm gon na wait for the PS3 to come out or like the others said wait til ' the hype goes down and prices fall .
 I thought I was lucky when I purchased the last Xbox 360 core system three weeks ago from a local Walmart . It turns out to be a piece of junk.Not to mention the radiculously sized power adapter , the console itself was poorly designed and engineered . It is ugly , noisy and fagile . The console has to remain absolutely still when you playing games or DVDs . If you happen to touch it or move it just a little bit with your wired controller , it stops working instantly , and gives you an error message on the screen . Even without any motion , it overheats every 15-20 minutes . I had to shut the whole thing off and on to restart the game.I have an old HP desktop computer made in 2000 in my media room . I am telling you the cooling fan in the Xbox 360 is 10 times noisier than my old HP desktop.Well , I just returned the console back to Walmart yesterday . I will have to sell the wireless controller and 4 xbox360 games on e-bay . No wonder X-box has only less than 15 % of market share in Japan .
 I 'll wait when the Xbox 360 drops the price when PS3 comes out . I did my research on Xbox 360 is going have add-on HD DVD , it reminds me the good old days of Sega CD add-on which was a waste of money . PS3 will have a Blue-Ray built into the console , instead Xbox 360 uses DVD formant . PS3 have all the backward capabilities for PS1 and PS2 games , plus it will play CD , DVD , and Blue-ray itself . PS3 have 6 USB ports , 2 HDMI ports , built-in digital optical surround sound , Xbox 360 does n't have all the features . PS3 is twice as powerful than Xbox 360 . PS3 will match the same price as Xbox 360 . PS3 will have better launch than Xbox 360 , did . Even though I own Xbox , PS2 , Gamecube , and the Dreamcast . Xbox 360 got ta have worse launch titles , ever . PS3 is going blow Revolution and Xbox 360 . Down the road I 'll probably get all new-gen systems in the future .
 The Xbox 360 only plays a few games from the old Xbox system . Microsoft continues to be quiet about this hiccup in the system . I was disappointed to find out I can not play any of my NBA Live games from 2005 - 2007 on Xbox 360 because the only update they have is for NBA Live 2004 . What kind of sense does that make ? I am sure not too many people play that game anymore so why would they even update it ? Why would they ignore the newer games ? It has been a year since the Xbox 360 launch and still no updates ... So be very careful before you buy this system and do your research to see if it will play the games , you want it to play .
 I do n't own one myself but have too many p * ssed off friends that do . Why would you buy a machine that was rushed to market and having all sorts of quality problems -LRB- scratching discs and of course the overheating -RRB- ? It does n't even have the next generation storage of the PS3 -LRB- unless you pay $ 199 more -RRB- and is just catching up on the HDMI bandwagon . 2008 will begin to age Nintendo and the Xbox 360 so anyone on the fence should buy a PS3 . Another thing to note is Microsoft 's complete abandonment of the original Xbox . Finally , why pay for Xbox live when you can get it on the PS3 for free ? Open your eyes and buy whats best for you over the long run .
 Live is good , but with the monthly fee it should be ! If you buy this , make sure you get the extended warranty from microsoft and any other warranty you can get . mine died !
 Look I am not going to say I am better than anyone but I own both a 360 and a PS3 ; I am a true gamer and have been since I was a kid . I own a Samsung 1080p DLP , and have really invested in a great home theatre ; not a regular home theatre in a box . I take a lot of time when I invest in something so when I wanted to get the next generation of gaming I knew I had to try the 360 . I want to complain about the price , first of it is not just $ 400.00 . For me it was over $ 600.00 ; 1 . System = $ 400.002 . Internet adaptor = $ 100.004 . System cooling fan = $ 30.005 . One year subscription to Xbox live = $ 50.006 . Controller chargers = $ 20.00 Now I am not saying that you need all those things but to have a comfortable time playing you should get them . So what kind of games do I get with Microsoft TOO many first person shooters . I mean come on Microsoft give me a break , not everybody is a Halo fan ; I want originality with games not clones of clones . For this much money give me something great . I am not bashing this system I still buy games for it but for me my PS3 has a much better category of exclusive games . Games like Metal gear solid , Motorstorm , Heavenly Sword , MLB The show , Tekken , and Resistance Fall of Mankind . I can really dig these games but from now on Microsoft you will not survive just on HALO.Oh and by the way my PS3 was $ 575.00 after I traded in two microsft games . This was a great deal .
 I waited until they fixed all of the bugs because I had heard that there was problems with these units . They came out and said they fixed all the problems , so I bought one . After about three months it started to crash on me , then after another two it died all together . Now becuase I did n't get the extended warranty -LRB- I thougth I was paying enough for it already -RRB- I am out $ 150 to get it fixed , plus I have to pay for shipping it to and from Microsoft , who NOW say they do n't have enough boxes to ship to me so I can ship it to them ... . does that mean they have more broken xBox 360 's than they do boxes to ship them back with?My advice , wait until the PS3 - I wish I had .
 Be warned , you will get the dreaded three red light ring cycle , it 's just a matter of when.In our case , it was the day we brought it home . In short this piece of garbage did n't even work properly for one moment . Maybe the QC department was smoking something , I do n't know . I do know that until Quality Control becomes a reality , you are advised to not go near an Xbox 360 . BTW , we have an Xbox , a PS2 and a Wii . They all work .
 If you do not currently have an Xbox 360 and are driving miles and miles to various stores hoping for some store to have one last one on their shelves.DO NOT EVEN BOTHER !!! Wait until january or when there are some better games out . Besides , there have been some recalls , and people have filed lawsuits for the system not working correctly , and for some glitches.You can also try your luck for PS3 . Whatever you do , do n't bother buying the Xbox 360 now , just wait .
 I have owned an original XBOX and XBOX 360 and both broke in the same way after about a year of playing , not even playing much . Microsoft wants $ 140 to fix them , and only gives a warranty of 90 days after that . It is widely known that XBOX used poor-quality Thompson Disc Drives in the first XBOXs -LRB- which I had -RRB- , and many many problems have plagued the XBOX 360 . I have heard that as many as 25 % of machines were defective straight out of the box , and many more , like mine , broke down after the warranty expired . A $ 400 paperweight is not much fun .
 The Xbox did not work . Had to send it back to Microsoft . These Xbox 's should be fully tested BEFORE sending out to customers . The lady at UPS said they have had to send `` A lot '' of the Xboxes back .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- YOU HAVE TO PAY $ 1000 TO GET THIS SYSTEM WITH A BUNCH OF GAMES YOU DO N'T WANT.AT THE VERY LEAST WE SHOULD HAVE A CHOICE OF GAMES.LEAVE IT TO THESE BIG RETAILERS TO TAKE THE JOY OUT OF GIFT GIVING .
 Save your money , and a big headache . I had this system , it was awesome when I first got it . But it died on me , with the 3 red lights problem that 's being posted all over the internet . I got it replaced by Microsoft only to get another faulty system that scratched my disks . So , I sold it and bought a Playstation 3 . Wait for the 65mm chip set , Microsoft is trying to sale out these FAULTY units . Before they bring in the better SKUs , if you do n't want a headache in the future , I suggest you wait it out.Oh , and Microsoft did n't replace my disks that were scratched . . > _ <
 I purchased my Xbox 360 back in March and now it is DEAD . A complete hardware failure starting with games freezing then finally the `` Red Ring of Death '' . I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a premium system bundle and now Microsoft wants $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to repair it . The 360 is an amazing console when it works and the online capabilities are unmatched . However , I refuse to give Microsoft anymore of my money to get it running again . So my Xbox 360 will sit on the shelf until Microsoft takes responsibility and issues a recall . Despite the major hardware problems the Xbox360 will reign over all other next gen consoles .
 i had a 360 and it was cooluntill it broke ... i got 3 red lights
 The 360 has the best game library as of summer 2007 . There really is only one major issue with it , the reliability of the hardware . Do yourself a favor and do a google search of 360 failure rates . What good is a fun system with great games if it does n't work ? The failure rates are horrendous . . much , much higher than the admitted 5 % .
 after 10 months got the light of death not worht $ 400
 I have had an xbox 360 for about a year now . It was amazing being able to watch HD-DVD 's and be able to play next-gen video game.Then just 2 days ago , the three red lights lit up around the power button . I called microsoft and they said it was a hardware faliure and that they would charge $ 139 just to repair it.At least I have a ps3 , which when played with a good HDMI cable , completely destroys 360 . I will admit that HD-DVD movies are better than Blu-Ray , but they are just barely better . Microsoft 's games are n't even in a next-gen format , where as Sony 's are in Blu-Ray . I hate to be bashing microsoft like that , but to make a product that will only last for a year and costs $ 400 is awful . But as I said in my title , I loved the 360 and am more just pissed at it 's lack of durability
 I got my 360 at launch . It worked great until , I decided to use it as a dvd . It overheated and Microsoft wants $ 140 to fix plus shipping . Its just wrong . They need to take care of the customer !!
 This product is so shoddily manufactured that I simply can not recommend anyone to buy it . A defective rate of 25 % -40 % is just inexcusable for any product . Microsoft has just extended their warranty to 3 years , but this still only covers one problem , albeit the most common one , the 3 Red Rings of Death . However there are still many other problems such as overheating and freezing while in use , not being able to start up at all , or the disc drive scratching your game discs and rendering them useless . There are still no solutions to a lot of these problems other than buying your own warranties.Don ' t let the fact that this console is 200USD cheaper than the PS3 fool you . All the extra costs associated with repairing and maintaining it essentially makes it much more expensive than it first seems . On top of that , be prepared for extreme frustration when you the machine malfunctions in the middle of a gameplay session , or you lose your save data , or waiting for weeks for Microsoft or a third party to repair or replace your console . Do I even need to mention that talking to Microsoft Customer Service is bound to give you high blood pressure?I 've personally had numerous problems with this console and have now eventually given up on it . I bought a PS3 and it is working perfectly . I would HIGHLY recommend anyone looking for a similar , superior , gaming experience to go for a PLAYSTATION 3 . It is now only 499 USD , and in many places , comes with great bundles or great giveaways like free Blu-Ray Discs or remotes/controllers . It has a defective rate of less than 1 % . It is also much more feature-rich . An XBOX360 with all the extra peripherals needed to match the features of the PLAYSTATION 3 costs much , much more.WARNING
 I have one , even though it has n't been in my house for weeks , since it 's being repaired . I enjoy the games it plays , although there are a few too many shooters and not enough adventure games . But yeah , I would n't recommend it to my friends unless MS fixes the hardware problems . Apparently , they will be soon , but the customer needs to know which one is the new model so they do n't end up buying the faulty one .
 I do n't see the point in debating which console is more powerful . Take a look at the Wii , its currently the top dog with these least impressive specs . I would say thats the least important thing to talk about , since we do n't actually play the system , but the games that try and harness the consoles abilities . So rather then talk about power , let me comment on reliability.I have owned the Xbox360 for 15 months . I have had some good times with the 360 , there have been weekends where I played Rainbow Six for hours at a time . My wife loves to play Uno late into the night . So what I am trying to get at here is I have put some mileage on it . But also a lot of weeks went by when there was no time to play . So I would say I am the average joe user.I had heard about the dreaded `` ring of light '' error display on the Xbox360 even before it happened to me . It is quite common , or so it appears on the internet , for the Xbox360 to just stop working . If you want proof just run a search in your favorite engine . Now I am a practical person , I know things break , and I understand that you ca n't expect the Xbox360 to be any different . But 15 months , of light to moderate use seems pretty shoddy . I own and work with plenty of sensitive electronics , and I understand the need to keep things adequately cooled . I do n't feel I could have done anything different to extend the life of the Xbox360 , it just stopped working , a few months after the warranty ran out no less.Now the real reason I am writing this review is to shed some light on the customer service your are buying along with your Xbox360 . I call up the Xbox support number to find out what my options are , I am happy they are open till 1am 7 days a week , but I am very discouraged when I have to speak with a customer service representative with a thick accent and I am having trouble following their instructions . Never the less , the person is trying to help me and tough it out . It comes down to the unit needing to be repaired . Now the warranty is only for 1 year , and he explains to me that I am no longer covered under warranty . Strangely , the representative goes onto explain how he would help me if I was under warranty , but my only choice now is to pay Microsoft $ 179 dollars to repair my unit , after I mail it to them . The fee to repair my console seems a little high , a flat rate to fix it ? Without even taking a look at it ? What if all they need to due to swap out a fan , reapply some thermal paste ? I do n't know what the problem could be , but I am just not going to agree to pay $ 179 without a better reason then Microsoft says so.Buyer beware , the hardware and the customer service seems flaky . The repair service seems like a big rip off as well . I like playing their games and may wind up buying a brand new 360 further down the road , so I can have another 1 year warranty .
 I could not have been more displeased with my Xbox 360 . First of all , the system has a 33 % failure rate , according to retailers who have to deal with angry customers trying to return their broken Xbox 360s . That means that you have a 1 in 3 chance of your brand new Xbox 360 completely melting down within a year . Mine started malfunctioning after the first month . The Wii and PS3 both have failure rates of less than 1 % . Congratulations , Microsoft!Second of all , if you are a 14 year old boy who likes insulting people 's mothers over a headset , skip this paragraph . If you 're not , then perhaps you do n't like to play sports games or first-person shooters with 14 year olds over Xbox Live . I do n't , and therefore I have nothing to play on the Xbox 360 . This , aside from the malfunctioning , prompted me to sell mine in favor of a Wii . The only games I wanted to play on the Xbox 360 , Ninja Gaiden and The Elder Scrolls
 I had mine exactly a year and two days when I got the red ring of death . I found out that 3 out of 10 Xbocx360 's made durring the time of October-November 2005 had the life span of about a year ... just right after the warranty ends . Now I have a $ 399.99 paper weight . Is n't that nice?I understand that they have extended this warranty , but what about the rest of us?My advice ? Find out the manufacture date , if you can , before you buy it .
 I hade the unit for about 12 months . This thing freezes up constantly and at the worst times . I sent it sent back to microsoft to be fixed , that took one month and in the end it still freezes up . I traded it in at EB Games for store credit AND A SERIOUS LOSS OF $ $ $ . Ill wait for a WII.The frustration and loss of $ $ $ is why I am only willing to give this thing 1-star
 My kids had the first x box , and so it seemed to me that they would like to get the new one when it came out . I went to a lot of trouble to get one for them for christmas the first year . They really enjoyed the games , but then after about two weeks -LRB- a lot of use -RRB- it started showing red lights.Microsoft took that one back to repair it , and the next one lasted 3 weeks before it showed red lights . Finally the third one came which did not burn up . However , one day I noticed a disc out of its case with a big scratch on it and I got mad at the kids saying that they needed to take better care of the games since they are expensive . Of course it turned out that the console was doing the scratching , putting rings on the discs.When I now read that Microsoft admits a 33 % failure rate , it makes me angry . I would avoid this one .
 2nd 360 and both have died . Games are getting a lot better now . Would definitely buy the Wii or PS3 . 360 will cost more in the long run . Even with a 2 year warranty will last only two years . The others should last for 5-6 years just like my other consoles .
 the game arrived in perfect shape , my son played it for 1 week.Xbox 360 Console Includes 20GB Hard Drivethen the game froze , would not play any more . i called the xbox headquarters . i had to send it UPS . have not seen it for over a week now . now my son goes back to school with no time to play on a game system he bought himself . WE ARE NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH THIS COMPANY
 This product worked for exactly 24 hours , then the hard drive blew . It took weeks - and an Amazon intervention - for the company to take back the faulty item , and our account was just credited a week ago , nearly two months after we originally received the item . May want to consider a different gaming system , as this problem apparently is pretty common.Xbox 360 Console Includes 20GB Hard Drive -LRB- with HDMI -RRB-
 The 360 could have been a great system . Unfortunately it is a piece of junk . I have had to send mine in for repair and out of 10 people I know who have 360s only 1 has not died yet.A piece of junk .
 Within a short time afer I bought my Xbox 360 in April , 2006 I noticed it periodically had screen freezes , though not many at first.Now after 41/2 months , the machine ca n't get through ten minutes into any game without crazy problems like a screen popping up for no apparent reason , blocking and stopping the game . After I close the screen , it pops back again and continues doing this uncontrollably.I requested help from xbox tech support , and they did not know what the problem was , nor what to do about it . I was told to turn off the console , and restart it ... Anyway after 3 weeks of this going on , and no one able to tell me the obvious that the machine is overheating and causing uncontrollable problems , I decided to trash it and keep my original non-360 xbox that does not have these problems.I hope Microsoft can get these bugs out of their console because if Play Station 3 is not as flaky as the xbox 360 , I wo n't go back to Microsoft again .
 Right out of the box , mine was hanging at the Xbox splash screen . It would occasionally boot past the splash screen , but then the wireless controller would randomly lock and not work.Back to Amazon it goes ... -LSB- sigh -RSB- With crying kids here that had thought they were going to be experiencing the XBox tonight ! Their gaming experience was reduced to having to watch some neat flashing red lights.Lot
 Is profit and the almighty dollar such the king , that you ... `` TOYS R US ! '' -LRB- out of all people -RRB- are requiring people to pay $ 999.00 for a bundle . Not to sound like a small child , but `` I do n't want to . '' Honestly , I 'm waiting until this `` tickle me elmo '' - esque rush is over . It 's not fair to the parents who want to get this for their kids . . bottom line . I know there are 35 yr olds , living in their mom 's basement and people who just like to game . Those I just described have waited outside of bestbuy , toysrus , etc. . and have their system.Now , stop the crap of `` bundle '' and let parents buy these for their kids !!! I was in Target this week , when a premium system made it 's way out of the back . There were the `` ebay '' pirates standing around , just clawing . I walked up to the stock person and asked him to let me have it because of what was about to happen with that Xbox . He handed it to me , and as I watched a father with his son give a look of `` Oh man ! '' I walked up behind them and said , `` Sir , were you wanting this for your son ? '' He replied , `` Yes . . that 's all he talks about . '' I said , how old is , he replied 15 . I then handed him the machine and said , I 'm glad your son wants it ... here . Merry Christmas . -LRB- Christmas/Holidays etc. . are for kids . . stop trying to fleece the consumer even further . -RRB-
 I bought this console as a presente for my son ; but it failed after 2 months . All the light went on red and it did not work any more . I feel unhappy ; because this product is not the kind of equipment you spect to fail so soon . Also I wasted the money I spent for this console . I wish microsoft could help me
 Too loud -LRB- fact -RRB- Not enough * good * games -LRB- opinion -RRB- More expensive than PS3 -LRB- fact if you consider a Hi-Def dvd player and wifi -RRB- Better controller than PS3 -LRB- opinion -RRB- If you like to watch hi def movies , the 360 noise * will * bother you . Watching Transformers ? Maybe not as much . Watching Planet Earth ? Definitely annoying.Opinion
 Very fun system -LRB- especially NCAA Football 2007 -RRB- , but after 6 months I 've got nothing but the red lights of death now . Frustrating . Buy the extended warranty , and back up your dynasty file to an external memory card after every game ...
 Anyone notice that retailers are refusing to sell just the core or premium consoles ? Consoles are completely unavailable , unless you purchase a `` bundle '' for several hundred dollars over the console price.This is an intentional effort by MS and the retailers to move software titles . Nobody has consoles , but they are magically available as bundles.That 's a big gamble and may fully backfire . I am not buying a bundle and if that means I do n't get a 360 , so be it .
 I purchased my Xbox 360 from Best Buy in March 2006 . It took exactly 13 months for it to give me the 3 flashing red rings , which means hardware failure . The system is useless after this occurs . I had an extended warranty and returned it to Best Buy . They told me that since it was after the manufacture 's warranty of 1 year , that they would only do one replacement and that was it . These systems seem to be failing at a extrememly high frequency . Beware !
 So I decided to let the initial XBOX 360 go through the bugs before I got one . I 've heard many stories of disk eating and overheating in the first batch of consoles . I got mine last August with a June built date . My son and I had many fun nights playing Gears of War , Lost Planet , Crackdown and NBA Street till last night when the dreaded RED RING OF DEATH struck ! A few more months and I would not have been covered by the warranty -LRB- 1 year -RRB- . Buyers beware.On the side note , XBOX 360 help desk was great and worked with me to get my cosole fixed ASAP .
 We purchased this system in July for my son 's birthday . It stopped working within several days . We have returned it to the manufacturer several times and each time another defective system has been sent to us . I would not recommend anyone purchasing this product . We have been very disappointed . I would have rated this item with zero stars but the program would not allow it .
 We bought an XBOX 360 in April . The graphics are great , and the games are fun . But do n't ever download updates and make sure you buy the extended warranty . In order to continue playing XBOX live , the system required us to download an update . Shortly thereafter , the system began locking up regularly . As the problem got worse , it locked up while playing Gears of War and the DVD head hit the disk while it was spinning and put a big scratch all the way around the disk - rendering it useless . A day later , the system would no longer even start . Microsoft wo n't admit responsibility and forced us to pay $ 140 to get our game system fixed . So , the XBOX 360 did n't really cost $ 399 , it cost $ 539 plus shipping . Perhaps Playstation 3 or Wii will be more reliable .
 I purchased my Xbox 360 in summer of 2006 I have enjoyed up until last weekend when all of the sudden the system froze which is annoying but not surprising because it has happend before . Only this time when I went to reset the system I had 3 red flashing lights go on and the console was no longer responding . Fortunatly although my waranty is over this is common problem and microsoft is going to repair it . I am somewhat annoyed about it because it will take 3-4 weeks .
 We have had our 360 for a few months now and were relatively pleased with it . Although there really arent that many great games out for it right now . Really should have waited for more . Our system is dead now , it locked up with the notorious `` Ring of Death '' after freezing a few times . Of course , Microsoft will gladly repair it for 129 dollars but even thats not guaranteed . Check out the XBOX forum , this is a common problem that they will not address . If you buy this machine you are in for a lot of hassles . Plan on buying the warranty and on having to contact microsoft repeatedly to get your system fixed , not to mention the down time while waiting for them to `` refurbish '' it . This is the first console that I have EVER had break in less than 6 months so I definitely wont replace ... Just wait for the Wii !!
 I have always been a nintendo and Playstation user , but after the XBox got us hooked on Halo we decided we would buy the XBox 360 due to the higher volume of games offered . Here is my opinion of how it stacks up to the other two : The XBox 360 was much more costly than the Wii -LRB- even after $ 150 of extra equipment for the different games -RRB- but ended up costing the same as my friend 's PS3 after all the peripherals and extras we had to get.The game performance is on par with the PS3 ; the graphics are amazing and the gameplay was very smooth . The Wii , while viewed as a little more cartoonish , is actually graphically enhanced as well . The new Zelda is awesome on it.All three will play older games , but the Wii has some really cool options for your GameCube games . Same with the PS3.Hardware is where I found the XBox 360 to fall behind . The Wii comes fully fnctional . It is WiFi ready and even after months of constant usage -LRB- and quite a few cocntroller bruises -RRB- it has not had any issues . From what I have seen of my friends ' PS3 systems , they are actually pretty quiet and also have very few hardware issues -LRB- BlueRay is nice , too -RRB- . The XBox 360 , on the other hand , is loud , annoyingly loud , and everything had to be bought separately , including the Wifi , the HDDVD , etc. . It gets so hot to the touch that I fear for my fingers , and it has damaged game discs . And then came the RROD , or motherboard overload as we have began to call it . We have tried to combat the heating problems with many different cooling solutions , but none have been effective enough to keep the stupid thing alive for more than a month.I know about 20 people who have bought XBox 360 consoles , and out of those 20 people 9 have had to return their system due to some type of hardware malfunction . Only 3 of the original 20 have actually kept their system and have it still running.I am just a normal game user , but I can tell when a product is obviously very flawed and the XBox 360 is . Save your money , give it little time , and the PS3 will have more games and be much more worth the buy . We 're buying one . -LRB- A little PS3 extra
 It 's a ticking bomb ready to blow . DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE BUYING THIS.DO NOT BUY THIS SYSTEM . Honestly , when I was first reading about this product I was constantly being warned that three red lights was something that could happen to you . I did n't bother with those warning , since this product was a Microsoft brand.Well , after three weeks of owning an Xbox360 machine I have had three blinking red lights ... the so called ` three lights of doom ' . I went to the store where I got the system and got a new one and six weeks after that ... you 're not going to believe this another red ring of lights . This system has caused me to wonder about Microsoft . We the consumer aught to know what the true scope is about this product malfunctioning at such high numbers , according to some number it can be as high as 33 % failure rate . Would you buy a car with that high failure rate ? NO ! Would you fly Delta Air Lines had they had a 33 % crash rate ? NO ! That 's a 1 in 3 that you will end up with a bad system.Worse of all , during both consoles that I owned in a period of two months I would get something like disk errors which was annoying since it would mean I would have to start a game from the start -LRB- when it had not been saved -RRB- . I have no vendetta against Microsoft ; I was actually a big fan of Microsoft . I will never forgive Microsoft . I loved my xbox original , never had any problems with it . As I said I will never , never forgive Microsoft . I will try to boycott Microsoft as much as I can . Be smart and skip this product.PS . My cousin purchased the black edition when it was realeased and he too got three red lights .
 I have had my Xbox 360 for 4 months and have had trouble from day one . The tech support was not helpful . I have had trouble with the games freezing during play and now none of my five games will play at all . I have had to return my console to microsoft for repair . When I took the console to UPS , the staff said they have seen tons of returns of these systems . I find the length of the warranty -LRB- six months -RRB- to be alarming as I wo n't have much -LRB- if any -RRB- time to insure proper play once it is returned from repair . I would not recommend this system to anyone . The price is too steep for such a poorly developed product with such little support .
 I spent more than $ 700 with this console . First Wireless $ 100 . Live $ 60 . Then $ 100 Hd-dvd adapter which is not as good as bluray . Plys rechargable batterries and a fan . that is 700 . I not happy with this console . It keeps on constantly breaking down with the 3 rings of death . Obvouisly this is only a 4 year system . Halo 3 is its last game . I really regret getting this system . Shouldve gotten a PS3 . Dont do the same mistake that I did get this reallly!PlayStation 3 -LRB- 60GB -RRB-
 This thing is deadly.Okay I started to play my xbox360 , andI was playing call of duty 2 , and all of sudden my mom calls me for dinner.So while we were eating , like 10 mins later we smelledsomething burning , so we ran to the basement to find my xbox360in flames!Thank God we were able to get it out , it was a smallfire and did noy burn to many things , but if we did ` nt evensmell any thing are whole house would be in flames!Later we went to take it back to best buy , and they gave us aremoney back.I really wanted another one but my mom said no.I guess I have to get a nintendo revolution , or a playstation 3LOL , my bro said that Bill Gates and his company microsoft areteaming up with aliens to destroy the world by installing amatch and gasoline in every xbox 360 ! I laughed for a bit thenrealized maybe its true !
 I 've been gaming since pong , so I 've seen video systems come and go . I 've also watched as companies cash in on hype , and Microsoft , sadly , is no different in this latest round of rob the consumer . The percentage of faulty systems is too high , even for a new system . The ACadapter , oh my ... the titanic was smaller than this behemoth . Now , they are again trying to milk the consumer for $ 800 ... by offering the teen system ... sorry , that 's just plain bad business , and is completely unfair to the young gamer as it is their parents.Honestly , I think XBox decided to prematurely launch its system to try and grab potential PS3 buyers and in doing so , cut corners and put out a system that does not do justice to an xbox upgrade . Sorry MS , you underestimate the intelligence , and dedication of american gamers and our thirst for a truly `` GREAT '' system that truly deserves the title , next generation.Where MS goes right is in their online gaming , and for those who find the majority of their gaming fun connecting up , then the XBOX will probably always be the choice ... however , why MS forwent the HD DVD format is beyond me , since I myself am more into graphics , game play , and longer more intense gaming experiences ... and it appears that the PS3 will deliver that in spades.Shame on microsoft , because I think they could have delivered a better priced system , a more technologically advanced system , and provided a better price break ... they owe it to their dedicated xbox fans . I think I will wait this war out , continue playing on my PS2 and Xbox , and see who lands on top in Fall 2006 . At least by then , I wo n't be paying super inflated prices , and will hopefully have an ample supply of games to choose from.I 'm not usually the betting type , but I do believe the PS3 will TKO the xbox 360 .
 Like any other product of Microsoft the first month is fully functional , Xbox Live , No Crashes , everything seems to be a lot of fun . But when the 1st month ends the Xbox Live goes to Silver Membership that the only feature of this membership is that you can download a lot of junk , the `` quality '' content has a `` little '' prize that you have to affort plus the high price of the games . The games have a high definition but the gameplay is not as good . The console get crashes in the middle of a lot of games and need to be restart it . Anyway this is not what I expect for the prize . I 'm still waiting for the always stable console , Playstation 3 .
 I am furious . I had an XBOX 360 delivered for my husband Valentine 's Day . He treated it with kid gloves and kept it immaculate . After 10 days - TEN DAYS ! it took a dump . I was on the phone for hours with the tech at the warranty service number . He gave me incorrect advice - told me it was the power supply . I located another power supply and guess what , the console STILL would not come on . So I had to call again , this time they told me they would send me a box within 3 business days . I should have recieved that box ONE WEEK AGO . I just called AGAIN to be told they do n't know where my return box is . They want me to CALL BACK IN 3 DAYS and they would tell me what happened . This is ridiculous . My husband is furious . I 've spent almost $ 600 on this system and it 's COLLECTING DUST . I am severely disgusted with the way the warranty service is handling this situation . ALSO I sent away my $ 60 for the extended warranty , and GUESS WHAT ? I have n't heard a word from them and I sent them the paperwork on February 20th . Not one word ! My check has n't even cleared yet . This is unbelievable . If I had to do it all over again , I would not have purchased this system . If you must buy an XBOX 360 , go to a store where you can return it right away because it will quit on you .
 Now I know a lot of people are n't going to like my review cause for some reason they feel like Microsoft is their brother now but this is my opinion , and i ask that it be respected.First of all the new Xbox360 is a very fun and customizable console . Right when it boots up it sends you to a screen which you can fully customize the look of with your silver or gold membership . You can even choose a gamer picture but this is where it leads into a little trouble.One of the biggest troubles is the new marketplace . Its a great idea rushed out to take advantage of an underage audience who does n't realize the value of money . You buy Microsoft points in order to buy content , pictures , and themes . The problem is that they now charge for content that is not only free on the PC versions , but now they are also charging for content that patches bugs in games -LRB- Ghost Recon , Oblivion -RRB- . On the good side they do have some great games and are getting them out a little faster , even though they have their downtime , but what console doesnt these days . Although this is great , again the marketplace is ruining these games because they are being released glitched , or unfinished . The Creators of these games feel they can push out an unfinished product and patch it later . Still they have some very fun games out finished or not.Now , onto the Hardware and software . The Xbox360 the most powerful console out , and the PS3 is most likely going to be either as powerful or a little more/less powerful , but nothing extreme . But the 360 is very accident prone . Most people will scream if it dies , its your own fault , like you just killed a baby . But the fact is , it can and most likely will die unless they make the software more stable -LRB- just like Windows -RRB- . Also the power brick can die easily from one or two power flickers.So the conclusion is that this is a very nice system , but do n't forget the warranty . If you 're looking for something that can just sit around without buying $ 1000 worth of surge protectors , i would wait for the Wii to come out . None of the companies are ready for this Next-Gen junk , and Nintendo knows it .
 I bought the XBOX 360 and had a pretty good time with it . Unfortunately it died after six months -LRB- red ring of death -RRB- . Given the sheer number of people having problems with the unit , my guess is that there is something systematically wrong with it . I 'd suggest waiting until there is a full hardware revision before buying.If you 're going to buy , buy somewhere with a good return policy . I was able to return mine after six months of use to Costco for a full refund ! I 'm so pissed at Microsoft that now I 'm getting a Wii !
 Our console is past warranty and yes , 3 red lights ! Very disappointed to say the least ! No I will not pay microsoft to `` fix '' it but since I enjoy Elder Scrolls and have preordered Halo 3 I will invest in a core 360 and use my old hard drive from my premium dead system . I will get a 3 year store warranty for only $ 29 at Target . So I figure during the next 3 years I will probably get 3 more xbox 's at the going death rate for only $ 29.99 . Yes!Update
 I had my x-box 360 for about a year now . It is fun , a lot of titles to choose from , and I love fact I can download movies and tv shows into my hard drive . BUT now my 360 is acting up . It wo n't play some of my games , it 's getting loader , and my feed tray do n't aways open . Besides those problem it 's ok .
 Do n't count on the Microsoft warranty after they give you the first replacement 360 . I encountered the 3 red lights on my 9 month old 360 . Microsoft sent me a replacement 360 in September of ' 06 . The replacement 360 now has the 3 red lights and does not work . Microsoft just told me that the replacement 360 is out of the warranty period as I purchased the original 360 more than a year ago . I replied that the replacement 360 has a warranty of its own that is separate and apart from the original 360 as it is a completely different console . MS Support replied that I had a number of options , those were pay a $ 130 fee , buy a new 360 or stop gaming .
 The 360 is a pile of caca . The system totally sucks . If you pause your game for two minutes the games freezes . Theres always disc dirty errors when its a ducking new game . The lights of death came on and had to return it to microsoft . Theres no American customer service reps its a bunch of hindus who do not speak a lick of english . Horrible i sold my garbage and got a ps3 totally worth it . Its time to move on to bigger and beter things .
 I 'm still waiting for my pre-ordered XBOX 360 , and I 'm sure the wait will be worth it , but the prices listed here on Amazon are a total disgrace !! I ca n't believe people would actually price gouge like this . How do you sleep at night ??
 the Xbox 360 is a very good gaming system , but however . An update was released in Spring and this caused Live to fail for me . After this I put an original Xbox game in it and then the Three Lights of Death came . These lights indicate a hardware failure and this has been reported numerous times . On a survey , 60 percent of people had one that broke.If you can take aside all of the freezing and glitches and crashing associated with the 360 , then the system would be 100 percent , perfect . Which it is n't . The system has great games like Oblivion , upcoming Halo , and others though ... : ' -LRB-
 The Xbox 360 has many great things to it , but that does n't mean it does n't have any problems or defects.First of , let 's start with the good . The graphics -LRB- holy cow -RRB- are extremely good and stresses out the details of every single enviroment . The sound of every game are superb , everything sounds realistic and does n't sound as crummy as the Xbox 's sound.There is a wide variety of choices for the 360 -LRB- Which is a good thing -RRB- . Highly acclaimed games like Call of Duty 2 , Splinter Cell Double Agent , Rising , Oblivion , Graw , and soon coming out Halo 3 and Gears of War.The Xbox Live service has drastically improved with demo downloads , music , movies , themes , and a lot more stuff , some for free . -LRB- It 's kinda like I-tunes -RRB- Alright , the bad . The 360 is hella expensive , but that is n't the worst part . One time , the HDD -LRB- Hard Drive -RRB- was loose , so I reconnected it . The system restarted , and I thought nothing would be wrong . But soon the system started crashing every single time I use it . The warranty ? 90 days . Yep . Even DVD players have usually 1 year warranty.And if you do n't have an HDTV , do n't bother buying this , because the pictures , sound , and everthing would be crappy.This system great , but just not realiable . I suggest buying it when it 's -LSB- ... -RSB- or something . Hope this is helpful .
 There 's a new fall update out which is causing systems to brick -LRB- you start up the 360 and get three flashing red lights , meaning it 's dead -RRB- . The update was meant to crash modded 360 's , which would need to be sent in for repairs . Then Microsoft would tell the modifiers that they had no obligation to repair the systems because of a breach of liability . The only problem is that the update is bricking 360 's that are n't modded , leaving honest gamers with a $ 400 paperweight . Their solution is to charge $ 140 to ship the system for repairs.This is horrible business practice and I have nothing but anger towards Microsoft for ruining my system -LRB- they have admitted fault even -RRB- and asking for my hard earned money to fix it . In retrospect , I would MUCH rather have an alternate console .
 I bought this console 7 months ago and it has had mild to moderate use . It probably gets played or used three to four times a week including gaming and DVD use.As a whole my impressions were that it was somewhat mediocre . I had heard about how loud a console it was and all of the issues with overheating and would say both are true.Gameplay is pretty good but in my opinion the number of games which sport both excellent gameplay and excellent graphics are fairly anemic . Instead I 've seen too many games that look great but just do n't live up to expected standards of gameplay , frame rate , realism , etc. . However with Rainbow Six and the Call of Duty series providing some fun I rated the console a two in this area.Now for my real issues with the console . After 7 months a red light began blinking on the console and an error message reporting the console required service appeared on my television . Called customer service and was told to unplug it , this despite telling the `` technician '' what the message said and the corresponding instructions in the manual . Nonetheless I tried it and as expected the problem continued . Good news though , its under warranty . I only have to wait a week for them to send me an empty box to pack it in and an authorization number . Then I get to wait an additional 4-6 business days for them to repair it , then an additional week for them to return it . Yes essentially a refurbished machine that was flawed to begin with so it can fail again in 6 months - after the warranty has expired.The bottom line
 whatever message Microsoft is trying to convey into something that I might better be able to understand , like Yiddish or that Bushman clicking language ? As it stands , I have no idea whether Microsoft is seriously claiming that the world 's salvation comes from whims , irrationality , and delusions or if it 's simply the case that it could really use a heart , just like the tin man in The Wizard of Oz . As this review will make clear , its precepts have caused widespread social alienation , and from this alienation a thousand social pathologies have sprung . Life is n't fair . We 've all known this since the beginning of time , so why is Microsoft so compelled to complain about situations over which it has no control ? Apparently , even know-it-all Microsoft does n't know the answer to that one . It would n't matter if it did , given that its cause is not glorious . It is not wonderful . It is not good . A small child really could n't understand that Microsoft 's encomiasts want so much to ascribe opinions to me that I do n't even hold that the concept of right vs. wrong never comes up . But any adult can easily grasp that Microsoft bickers and argues over petty things . It 's that simple.Unfortunately , Microsoft 's scabrous invectives neglect to take one important factor into consideration
 ALL OF THESE STORES ARE STEALING EVERYONES MONEY ... NEXT SPRING WHEN PS3 COMES OUT THIS SYSTEM WILL BE LIKE 200 $ BUNCH OF CROOKS
 The 360 sucks so much I am going to type nine letter B'sBBBBBBBBB
 LOOK AT THE PRICE . THAT SAYS SOMETHING DOES N'T IT?Also , although I do not have an Xbox360 , you should still listen to the bad reviews and good reviews . Just because you were so hyped up to get the 360 , does n't mean it is flawless . I not saying that you should n't read the good reviews , but head the warnings of others .
 Ca n't give a review of the game . It is a shame that the game was so limited in its release . Have a son that is devistated . I have been trying to find this game since the initial release date . I am not blaming amazon ; I have had nothing but great service from them . However , Microsoft should have planned better.Chips Davis
 To Robert , the PS3 will stay in a 300-400 price range , it will not be 500 . Sony may lose money , but A LOT of gamers will get a lot of games and accseories . You are pretty dumb for a person . Sony has always thought of the consumer . Look at the PSP people thougt it would be 500-600 , but Sony did 250 for a value pack . I would not waste time with the 360 . Wait until it gets better games . The PS3 will dominate by then though . Do n't buy the hype and get PS3 . Call me a fanboy if you like , but PS3 will be cheaper or at least the same price as the Xbox 360 premium or a 350 price tag . You may have researched Robert , but you forgot the most important thing
 Still waiting for this game console . Wait for buy one get one free xbox 360 . PS3 comes outin April .
 I paid 400 dollars for 2 hardware malfunctions and xbox games . I see a little advance in the graphics , but its not that much at all . It still DVD format and does n't hold enough . Hold off for the Revolution or Playstation 3 when the real next generation begins .
 I ca n't blame Amazon alone because I have seen so many vendors get on the bandwagon this season of only offering the PACKAGE DEAL -LRB- i.e. the $ 899-1000 offer with a couple of games in the deal -RRB- . To me this is price gouging which I thought was against the law , but guess I was wrong . I can guess that after the 1st of the year you 'll find either version of the XBOX 360 with or without the harddrive back at the quoted prices of the $ 299-399 range again . This was the most horrible thing a retailer could do to it 's customers . Another major retailer -LRB- which has a movie about it right now -RRB- also has none in stock but have told me theirs will be the original prices when the stock comes in . I 'm sorry but I feel taken advantage of by the retailers association this year . Yes , these are popular items , but offering it only if you buy it as a package deal , etc is ridiculous . I 've been buying from Amazon since I first discovered it several years ago and this year they have absolutely disappointed me with their selection of various products -LRB- especially this XBOX 360 situation -RRB- this year . Last year I had no trouble finding every item I needed here and this year it was as bad as traveling to every mall and shop to find that particular item I was looking for.I hope they learn from the complaints here about what they have done about this xbox 360 and can only imagine what they 'll do when the PS3 arrives on their shelves .
 The console allows for future addons which is a plus , but for its cost and graphics one can utilize a computer to have as much or more use than the console . The problems with the system would almost give one more reason to buy a separate HD DVD player than the add on since the add on HD DVD player cost as much as a player with a surround sound system . A computer also has warranties that cover any defects for many years . It is all up to the gamer on how versatile he wants his system .
 If you do not have an xbox 360 , and are trying to beat the odds and get one now , do n't buy it . First of all , with all the people that will sit in lines even if it is below freezing , will get the system . Secondly , the system is being overpriced on online retailers . I am not going to buy the Xbox 360 for $ 5,000 dollars on Ebay , or $ 1,000 dollars right here on Amazon . For god sakes , you could get a stinkin Plasma tv for that money . Third , almost all the games currently on Xbox 360 suck . There are no blockbusters like Halo out . Fourth , all the people that bought the xbox 360 the first day were Ebay freaks who wanted to amp up their profits a bit . None of them wanted to play the thing . Lastly , people are even filing lawsuits cause the Xbox 360 is so called not doing what it says it is supposed to do . So BOTTOM LINE , wait about a couple months to buy your Xbox 360 , or do not buy it at all . It will save you tons of money .
 I hate this console . I just got it and for about ten minutes of playing it , IT frezzes up . -LRB- ... -RRB- . May next console will be the PS3 .
 I have paying twice to fix this machine . that every 4-mohts need to be fix . for the heat problem I can cook a egg with the steen coming out of the vent of this machine . and microsoft charge for the repair $ 129.99 for only 3-mhonts garranty.and the sistem broke down on the 4 monht.for me is not cooincident.I like the sistem but my experience is frustrade . and beside you need to buy a garranty from microsift to fix the sistem if broke down after 3 m - aster they fix it.and for me that is a rip off.that is why I not recomended this sistem.have to many problem 's .
 Do n't buy , It is n't worth the money and every game I get sucks . save your money for the PS3 .
 You see , the problem with Xbox is that the dumass microsoft released Xbox 360 too earlier , thus a a crap system . I keep hearing people THINK Xbox 360 will `` Own '' Ps3 , but look and how crappy Xbox 360 is now !!! Hell a damn Dreamcast would kick the crap out of a Xbox 360 , so for the people who are getting ps3 , let us pity those who got Xbox 360 . * tsk tsk *
 what ever you do please dont buy the x-box 360 or the horrible ps3 just wait a couple of months and buy the nintendo revolution instead its a way better buy and you want be cheated out of your money its just crazy the spend up to close to $ 1000 dollars for a system when there a way better next gen consol comeing out the revolution that will cost about $ 149 or maby $ 200 dollars turst me just wait for the revolution your be glad you did
 I loved my XBox best of the three last major consoles ; I am dissapointed with 360 . Its not even proper next gen , wow improved graphix and next-gen titles are on it i REALLY WAN NA 360 NOW ! - Not.PS3 uses a 3500 CELL PROCESOR UNIT,enchanced-ENCHANCED graphics , HD technology , BluRay u name it!PS3 is gon na have 10X the space on their games so games like Metal Gear Solid 4 , KillZone 3 are like 10X the maps-PS3 is gon na have improved Online-So those new maps are going to be much better.I heard someone say `` PS3 is gon na mess up REAL BAD with all that tech . '' - Uhh SONY are very good at everything else they do PLUS they have spent a couple of years working on PlayStation 3-Yeah and they are gon na test it-They are SOOO GON NA MESS UP ai n`t they ???!!! The reason X360 screwed up is because MicroSoft RUSHED IT ! - SONY are NOT rushing PS3-Now D`YA understand.Plus to save your pockets its gon na be lauched at the SAME price as XBox 360-Yeahh like 360 is gon na be a big success if that happens.SONY also have been checking the 360 ` s flaws-so teh damn PS3 can build upon them.I actually know people that only got a 360 to keep them entertained until PS3 comes out then they are going to pass it to there little brother/sister or throw it in the attick.Also PS3 is gon na be REGION FREE-So if you want the Europe Edition of any games that have extras-U CAN HAVE IT!I think this means PS2 and PS1 games aswell-whereas X360 is all region locked.BOOOO!I do n`t know anything about the N-Rev as Nintendo ai n`t bothered to show us anything.HALO 3 is NOT a killer-app for XBox 360-i could n`t care less about HALO now , i loved the 1st game , But the 2nd game got stale fast!But Metal Gear Solid is better-and i am looking forwards to MGS4-Oh and by the way that MGS4 trailer is not real Snake is not old , And that place it takes in is actually somewhere from KillZone 3-Y ` noticed that ?! PS3 looks 4ward to some good WWE/TNA games while X360 is stuk with the crappie RAW and WrestleMania series , and maybe a Good TNA game.I do n`t know why MicroSoft did this-I LOVED XBOX , But not now-and PS3 may also get the excellent-EXCELLENT i loved that game : FAR CRY-those games kick HALO ` s azz-cos PS2 was menta get it , But not powerful enough , So FAR CRY may come on PS3-so all you XBox fanboys are stuck with HALO , and the gae Master Chief.I am now a PS fan ! -LRB- not fanboy as the PS3 WILL have problems , its nor perfect -RRB- I ` m still keepin ` my XBOX and PS2 though-still got great games .
 xbox 360 sucks for all you people that like the 360 because it is the best system out there yeah right I have played it at a friends house and it really sucks my friend owns Tony Hawk American Wasteland and I own it for the PS2 and the 360 version looks just like the PS2 version and I have played NBA 2k6 it looks the same as the PS2 version except for when you do a instant replay when you do an instant replay the players have sweat running down their faces WOW !!!! big thing PS2 does n't have that because it is not as new as the XBox 360 If I were you I would wait for the PS3 because the PS3 will allow you to play all of your PS2 and PS1 games and it will upgrade them to PS3 Quality and the PS3 has a Blue Ray High Def system the 360 does not You ca n't even play all of your old XBox game on the 360Peace out
 im dissapointed i mean its usless without hdtv and its just an xbox with games you cang get on xbox free xbox live so over all i mean come on just buy an xbox want elder scrolls oblivon just get marrowwinds its the same with a couple of pixiles of less grapics so i give this pice of junk a 1 out of five ! -LRB- just buy an xbox ! -RRB- . -RRB- . -LRB-
 The best console to come out this year will be the Playstation 3 . The xbox wo n't even come close to what the PS3 can do , so there 's no point in wasting your money on an inferior console . Wait till November and the PS3 will be in your hands !
 i can not believe that microsoft has the nerve to copy the sony ps2 . i mean other than the good graphics is there a diffrence ? NO . usb ports ? the ps2 has them . cd/dvd player ? the ps2 has them . and guess what . the ps2 is HALF the size and price the 360 is . you can buy the ps2 and SEVEN games and still have 10 dollars left . so do the right thing and buy the playstation 2 . or at LEAST the original xbox .
 Let me start by saying that I love the Xbox 360 . I love everything about it . The achievements , XBL , the games , graphics , controller . Literally everything . Which is probably the only reason I still have one.I bought this thing Christmas of 06 . It has broken on me 3 times already . No , I 'm not some `` noob '' who plays with it vertically , on a carpet , in an entertainment center , or with something on top of it . It 's out in the open , in an air conditioned , non smoking room . Still , it breaks on me within a month almost every time.My first console , that I bought from Amazon , lasted almost exactly one month , before freezing up every 5 minutes of play , no matter what game , movie , XBLA game , whatever . Looked online , and a LOT of people were having this problem , so I called support . Xbox is gone for a month -LRB- even though they would tell you 10 days -RRB- . So the refurb comes back -LRB- yeah , someone elses defect -RRB- it worked . On the second game I ever put into it , it says `` to play this game , put it in a Xbox 360 . '' What ? So ... I researched online , and a lot of other people were having that problem , as well . I gave it a shot , and amazingly enough , 1 month later , I go to turn it on , and see the 3 red lights . I was pretty infuriated , as it did n't last longer than my first one . I called support , and it was gone for another month . At this point , MS and UPS have had my 360 for as long as I have.Yet another refurb , that displays the same symptoms as the first refurb they sent me . `` To play this game , put it in a Xbox 360 . '' I was n't about to send it right back , especially since I had rented a game , for the day it came back . So , it almost completely stopped telling me to put the game into a Xbox 360 , and actually worked quite well . I ran out of my free month of XBL they give you , so I decided to go out and buy a year of XBL . Worked great , for another month . Turn it on one day , and I was greeted by the 3 red lights . This console lasted 2 whole months , which , sadly , felt like an eternity.Fantastic ... I call up support again , and this time they tell me `` it could possibly be at the repair center for 4-6 weeks for extensive testing . '' Wow , so another 2 months without my 360 . I 'm still in the process of waiting for the repair so I can receive my FOURTH Xbox 360 , since Christmas . It 's only July ... there 's something seriously wrong with that picture.I love the console , but I ca n't recommend it to anyone . It has some serious design flaws , and uses chips that get too hot for the solder . It is EASILY the most unreliable piece of hardware I 've ever owned in my life . If you want to buy one , wait until September when MS FINALLY starts using the Falcon motherboards , with the 65nm chips in them , and make SURE you get one of those , and not some leftover . Trust me , you do n't want one with the 90 nanometer chips . It WILL eventually fail , it 's just a matter of when .
 This is my experience with the Xbox 360 , so do n't go off commenting about how I 'm a fanboy or the problem lies with me not using the system `` correctly '' -LRB- you know who you are ! -RRB- , or that I need to hang the 360 from a rope , tie three fans to it so it does n't overheat and do a voodoo dance to get it to work ... Now look people , the Xbox 360 is crazy fun -LRB- RB6 on Live Rocks -RRB- ! I love it and I 'll always have one.BUT , it breaks . A LOT . Yes , place it in an open area , not in an entertainment cabinet and make sure it has plenty of ventilation . And for Pete 's sake , do n't touch it when it 's on or the disk with scratch ! Treat it with tender love and care.Folks , they last no longer than 6 to 8 months at best . I say go ahead and buy it , but you MUST ** get the extended warranty ** .
 My XBOX 360 was purchased in November of ' 05 . I have since then played it , on average , 2 hrs . a day . It has a great selection of games , great controller , and a great interface . However , I recently received the `` red ring of death '' , just before they announced the 3 year warranty . As fun as the system is , 4-6 weeks of down time being repaired is just not my idea of normal operating for a product . There are estimates of 25 % and 33 % hardware failure rate . This is sad . I have a hard time shelling out for more games I may not be able to play in the future . If you decide to buy this product , I would strongly recommend buying a product replacement plan from your store . I know some stores offer them , but it 's going to cost you another $ 60 to $ 100 dollars . You may as well get a competing console that is n't going to give out after a few months .
 My 360 is going back to Microsoft for the second time . To be fair the one I am currently sending back was a replacement so technically I 've sent two consoles back , one time each . It 's the same problem you 've read about all over the place , games freeze , then three flashing red lights of death . Tech support is a bunch of teenagers reading from a script that uses the line `` I 'm very sorry for that , I will help you to the best of my ability '' way too many times . They deal with the problem , but keep telling me I need to buy the extended warranty to make sure I do n't have to pay for any future repair . Babe , when I have to start paying for Microsoft 's failures I buy Sony .
 I bought the xbox360 a few weeks before Christmas . I really wanted a new game system and I have an HD tv , so xbox360 looked good to me . I bought Madden 2007 at the same time . My neighbor and I played the game 4 out of the first 6 nights that I had the game . Then , guess what ? Crash ! The game stopped working . It said that there was a disk reading error or something like that . I took the time to research the issue on the internet . It turns out that it had the potential to be 1 of 3 known problems . There is a ton of documentation on this problem . I wanted the game for fun , not for troubleshooting issues . I do n't want to take the time to figure out what 's wrong with a brand new game . I tried a couple of differnet things , including cleaning the disk and rebooting -LRB- seems like that 's a pretty good solution for Microsoft products -RRB- . Well , I turned the game back on and I get through 3 quarters of the Madden game that I started when it crashed on me . Crash ! I boxed it up -LRB- I had to dig my box out of the garbage can -RRB- and took it back for a full refund . I only had it a total of 7 days . I bought a Wii . I 've had the Wii for about 1 month now and it has n't crashed on me . It 's pretty fun . That 's all one could ask for . That 's why it 's called a game . It 's not called a `` troubleshoot '' .
 Well I got my xbox for Christmas yesterday and was very excited to sit down and play my gears of war . I turned on the machine and got an error code of E 57 . I called customer service and had two choices , return to store for a new machine or mail in the hard drive and wait 6 weeks to play my xbox . I immediately cursed microsoft and kicked myself for ever trusting their crap products . I switched my home and laptop PC to macs last year after a disasterous 10 years of PC . I guess I ca n't wait until Apple releases their own system that ACTUALLY WORKS PROPERLY . My own stupid fault for believing in a quality microsoft product .
 As has happened with other reviewers , my son worked hard to save a LOT of money to buy this system -LRB- plus the investment in games and accessories -RRB- , and ours only lasted 3 and a half months - just outside the pathetic warranty period . I am livid . No sales person ever told us -LRB- until a few weeks ago anyway -RRB- that a fan is a requirement or you can be guaranteed that the unit will overheat . We also found out later the problem of disks getting damaged so easily - particularly if the unit is stored vertically . This is appalling design and quality control for a system in this price range . Stick with Sony or Nintendo products .
 If you buy an XBoX360 you are making a gamble with your time and money . . PERIOD ! The Xbox360 is really a poorly made piece of equipment ... so poorly made in fact , that the repair center in Texas for their masses of disfunctional consoles is swamped with conSoles that need to be repaired and the wait time for a replacement is six weeks !! d@%!%#! I brought my xbox360 from amazon on the 24th of November 2006 and now on the 28th of July 2007 its got the three flashing red lights of death . I took great care of this console and all of a sudden its just stops working . Yup , I heard about it . . read about it . . but never thought it would happen to me . . now I have to wait six weeks and go through alot of headache for them to fix it . The Xbox360 has nice games and it is fun but the over heating issues . . freezing . . red lights . . its too much to make it an enjoyable experience . . oh and let 's not forget the rude and insulting customer service reps on the repair hotline ... Even my 8 bit Nintendo from 1985 still works !! Thank God I have a PS3 . . time to whip it out . . UPDATE
 First I like to say , the 360 has great games and love XBOX LIVE , but $ 50 is not acceptable . Currently on my 2nd unit and already started showing signs of freezing up on me again . I know MS has extended their warranty , but what happens after 3 years and I probably play it only for about a hour a day . I 've decided i will buy the PS3 and will stop buying anymore games for XBOX , unless the game I truly want is only an XBOX exclusive.For everyone that keeps on complaining about the price of the PS3 , well it 's now only $ 500 now . So Mr. Gates , who the F$ #k 's gon na pay $ 479 for the elite , when for $ 20 more you get WIFI built in , Blu-ray player , free online play and not to mention the PS3 is much more reliable then the XBOX . Oh the way , the 120 gig on the elite is the biggest rip off ever . It 's just a way for MS to make more money off of you , so you can buy and save more of their movies and tv shows . Do you really need 120 gigs to save your games.SPEND THE EXTRA $ 20 or $ 100 to buy the PS3 , because the WIFI adapter for XBOX will set you back an extra $ 100 . Because I do n't know anybody that has their XBOX right next to their modem and router , unless you like running cables through your house .
 I bought an X-box on the first day with Perfect Dark Zero . The problem is that the game would lock up after about 15 minutes of play . So I had to send it back to get it replaced . I 'm still waiting for the new one . Do n't get this if you 're buying a Christmas present . You may end up with dissatisfied children on Christmas Day . I recommend waiting until the summer to give them time to get the kinks out of the system . Also , by then , you 'll be able to comparison shop all three next generation consoles . Take my word , it 's too early to buy this .
 I 've never owned a game system before and decided to purchase the Xbox 360 -LRB- with hard drive -RRB- as my first and ONLY gaming system . I purchased the console in December 2006 as a Christmas gift to myself and within six -LRB- 6 -RRB- months -LRB- by May 2007 -RRB- my console started giving me trouble . These red lights started flashing - in three of the four quadrants , and after consultation with customer support and following the steps outlined by them , I was told I had to return the system to them for repair . Luckily for me it was still under warranty.It is all fine and dandy that the product was under warranty and I did not have to pay to repair it , but I 'm from the Caribbean , Barbados to be exact , and shipping from Barbados to the US to have my console fixed was US$ 60 . In the end they could not repair the console and sent me a replacement unit - `` free '' of cost.I received the replacement unit in July of 2007 , had to pay US$ 100 to have the item shipped back to Barbados . The unit worked well for another few months and I was very contented with my gaming experience . NFL Madden '07 and Top Spin2 are favorites of mine.In February of 2008 I experienced a different problem - the screen started to freeze . I e-mailed customer support and they sent me a string of e-mails as to how to maintain the harddrive , deleting user profiles and creating new ones and then an all too familiar problem arose - this replacement unit showed me three red lights ! And like before I was told I would have to send my system to them for repair . `` Luckily for me '' , as I received the replacement unit in July , the warranty for the console is July 2008 and as such I wo n't have to pay for the unit to be repaired , but I will again have to pay shipping to have my item sent to the States and pay again to have it returned to me.When I contacted customer support and expressed my concern over the expense relating to me having to have my unit repaired -LRB- not due to any fault of mine -RRB- it was brushed aside and communicated to me that if the prescribed steps to fix my console did not work I would have to send it for them to repair.To me this is totally unacceptable ! I purchased a game console in good faith and after collectively spending thousands of dollars in both gaming system , games -LRB- which can only be played on the Xbox 360 -RRB- and repairs , I feel as if I have been cheated and robbed . What would the point be in having the unit sent for repair for them to send me a replacement unit or if possible , fix and return the currently destroyed unit . It would make more sense to cut my losses now and never purchase a Microsoft gaming product EVER again ! If I continue at this rate there will come a time the product is no longer under warranty and I 'll have to pay for repairs to the system.I 'm an extremely disappointed customer . Money does not grow on trees and I work hard for my money . If Microsoft is unable to produce an experience for customers to enjoy without hassle of repairs and maintenance , which is due to no fault of mine , they should pull out of the market . I will now detail the moneys I have LOST , as a result of Microsoft and their Xbox 360 -LRB- prices quoted in US$ -RRB- Xbox 360 Console $ 600.00 One -LRB- 1 -RRB- wireless control 37.99 NFL Madden '07 game 48.99 Top Spin 2 33.882006 FIFA World Cup 23.04 Splinter Cell 59.99 Ghost Recon - Advanced Warrior 59.99 Smackdown vs Raw 2007 59.99 Shipping to send unit to States for repair 120.11 Shipping to have unit returned 211.00 Local shipping , handling , duties on games & wirelesscontrol purchased 57.00 ---------- Total monies spent relating to Xbox 360 US$ 1,311.98 ---------- Now you can see why the Xbox 360 has been a waste of my money . Based on the experiences stated above I am unable to give this product more that one -LRB- 1 -RRB- star out of five -LRB- 5 -RRB- . Dissapointed , frustrated customer who ca n't believe he was duped into investing over US$ 1,300 in a gaming system which does n't work!R . SparrockBridgetown , BarbadosXbox 360 Console Includes 20GB Hard Drive
 The xbox 360 system is fun while it lasts . Unfortunately , it does n't last long . Anyone considering getting this system NEEDS to get the extended warranty . They are notorious for breaking down . I know three other people that own a 360 . Out of the 4 of us 3 of our systems have broken down all within months of owning one . MS will replace it for free as many times as needed for 1 year -LRB- And yes if you look on the web there are plenty of people who claim they are on their 3rd or 4th 360 -RRB- . After that one year it will cost you roughly $ 160 for repair and shipping . So do yourself a favor and just assume this system cost $ 460 . $ 400 for the system and $ 60 for the 2 year warranty .
 First , your unit will break . That is a plain fact with any electronic and something that should n't be held against a product but the frequency with which these units go is simply astounding . I 'm easy on electronics , my 9 year old laptop still works and my other game systems are all fine after countless years . I followed the guidelines on where to put the system and how to treat it . Yet my first died after two years , my second after 2.5 , and my third right after its 30 day warranty . Similar stories with my friends . I know quality electronics and the 360 is simply a shoddy piece of work.Second , everything about it is expensive . Extra controllers are either cut rate junk or expensive Microsoft branded units , any accessory will be twice as expensive as it should be , and games have a $ 10 premium over their PC equivalents despite typically having less content . Xbox live is nice but again the monthly price for Gold to actually gain internet function is poorly justified.Finally , get a PC . Play games on it . Be a happier person.Cheers
 Waste of money after seeing the specs on this . Download an emulator and buy the XBOX 360 controllers for your PC !
 Spent the money , Babied the system . In six months it bean to freeze and lock up , then when I put Lost Planet into it for the first time , it would lock up every time . Then the green ring around the power button turned red . Not good . The Xbox 360 has the best games , and is a great system , but that much money for a system that decays in six months ... 1 star .
 Another bad product from Microsoft ! I am dumb enough to buy another new box after the first one died within 5 months of purchase . The second one just went dead on me today ! I have n't played much at all -LRB- may be an hour max a week -RRB- . The product has only 3 months warranty . I am gon na switch over to PS3 or Wii ASAP and will never buy Microsoft game console again .
 Yes ... another victim of this Microsoft product.I got this console yesterday and after reading the manual I installed it . When I pressed the On button it appear one red light in the bottom right cuadrant and a system error E68 message . I turned it off and turned it on again and it started normally . I played NBA 2K7 without problems , every thing fine ... hoping that it was an illusion , a bad dream what happend when I turned it on first time . BUT NO !!! ... when I turned it on later again the red light , so I called the support center and after an hour of waiting the operator told me to unplug everything -LRB- including 20 GB HDD -RRB- , plug things again , update the system trhough Xbox Live an restart ... I did it and it seemed to work . Until this morning when I tried to turn it on again ... the same light , the same message , the same @ # $ % & * @ # . I have to send it back.The XBOX 360 is a great console ... while is working . Too many failures have been reported from this product.I do n't know why they keep building this console with a rate of failures so high , about 33 % . That means that 1 of every 3 consumers is going to get one faulty device . This is innaceptable . If I would have known that before , I would have went for the PS3 that now is 100 $ off !!! I think that is a wrong strategy that instead of find a solution to reduce the failure rate , Microsoft prefers to sell this faulty consoles and then repair them later ... and of course the most affected are us . . the costumers ... THEIR CLIENTS!Zero stars for Microsoft ... 5 stars for Amazon for their great service !
 Was really fun for two days and then had `` internal failure '' . At least AMAZON is great to work with to get resolved
 I purchased this system brand new on May 29 , 2006 . While playing Fight Night Round 3 , the damn machine stopped working !!!! It could n't read any discs !!!! I had just purchased my Xbox 360 a few hours before this occurred !!!! I was hoping that it was just a faulty disc , but after trying to play my entire DVD collection on the Xbox 360 , I sadly realized that my system would not recognize any discs !!!! I took my system back immediately and recieved a full refund . This was such a dreadful experience for me . I 've had erections that have lasted longer than my Xbox 360 did !!!!!
 I purchased my Xbox 360 when I was still living in the US . Since I have moved to Hungary for my job and brought it with me . For a little over a year -LRB- a year and two weeks -RRB- everything with my console was perfect and it worked great here.Then the unthinkable happened , my unit was one of those with the `` manufacturing defect '' and needed a replacement . I registered on the website , got the shipping label , mailed customer service -LRB- about 5 times -RRB- to make sure I 'd be getting a replacement US version , not European version . What I received were pre-written messages which never really addressed my concerns . After waiting a month for the box to arrive -LRB- surely as Microsoft was paying all costs of the replacement they 'd send a box and packaging - Apple does this and it makes sense -RRB- I decided to go buy a box and packaging as they were n't sending one it seemed -LRB- again no response from Customer Support other than an automated email -RRB- . Being the skeptic that I am I decided to write up a nice notice and stick it in the box with my console hoping someone would realize that a European console would not be an adequate replacement . Two weeks passed , then UPS delivered a new Xbox 360 to my door . Sure enough , even though I tried multiple times and in multiple formats I received a European replacement.Now only 2 of my 8 games work -LRB- the other 6 are locked by region codes -RRB- , I no longer have a DVD player capable of playing region 1 DVD except for my computer , and I am not a happy customer . I decided to give Microsoft another chance and sent them a mail stating my dissatisfaction with their customer service and inadequacy of the replacement - of course the response did not at all address my concerns and only mentioned to call their technical support line -LRB- this is a 1-800 number free for people in the US ; expensive for those of us who are not -RRB- . I wrote back saying calling would cost too much , gave them my number , and requested they call me anytime day or night , again automated response giving no information whatsoever.In summary , the Xbox360 is a nice system , but the Customer Support you can expect is the worst I have ever had . As a result of their inability to provide a true replacement for my console I am out ~ $ 300 in games which no longer work , and I have to re-purchase the more expensive European versions if I want to play them .
 Got the red ring of death today after only 10 months of use . Only solution is to send the console to Microsoft for repairs . This really is unbelievable .
 I can not believe that amazon is trying to sell X-box 360 's for triple the price . It outrageous i mean 400 was already a steep price for anyone but diehards . Now they want they casual gamers to fork over more monkey . Forget it . They 'll loose us in the market until the firts drops drastically . I was planning to get mine here but i guess i 'll go somewhere else . I don ; t want to be mean but i 've waited for about a month to buy this and since i am a kid i cant do an overnight at my nearest Bestbuy . SO amazon drop the prices or i drop you .
 the title and rating says it all ...
 I personally do not own a x box 360 but my cousin does and he lives next door . He stayed out overnight to get one and bought a deluxe version . We were playing CoD2 and it crapped out on us . we rebooted 5 times and it screw up again and again . I suggest waiting till all the bugs are fixed and the case fans are fixed . Also the price will drop from the outrageou 1,000 + sollars for each system . So wait till Amazon gets it through its head and lowers the price of the Xbox 360 - Stuey mchogin
 well , i have played many 360s and i have to say they are fun , depending on the game being played until they break down . i have already been through 6 consoles either because of the dreaded red ring of death , disc drive errors or just not wanting to cooperate in general . and then when i get a working system , the disc drive is extremly noisy , so noisy that i have to turn up the volume on my television to the point where my dorm neighbor complains.some more bads ... i have to say that i would take the 360 over the wii anyday , because i am more of the hardcore gamer , but all the accessories will add up to well over 1000 bucks . you need that intercooler because the system runs hot . i dont need any cooling device fro my ps3 . secondly , i love watching movies , but the hd dvd attatchment adds 200 bucks right there . i have a ps3 and it can play blu rays right out of the box . secondly , my 360 has problems getting an internet signal . its right next to my ps3 and it gets a signal very clearly while my 360 always says disconnected while after getting it hooked up about 5 times . its a big pain not to mention waste of time.well , enough of the bads . there are lots of games out for the system and i mean alot , way more than for my ps3 or the wii . the controller has force feedback while my ps3 has none . the final pro in my opinion here is that i have wired controllers . it came with a wireless , but i prefer wired . i dont have to worry about batteries needing to be charged or a faulty wireless connection which happened with my original xbox . it said the conroller 's connection could not be detected and it was a pain to get that controller fixed.all in all my final ratingssystem design
 I just got this system , its been tons of fun ... oh wait , no it hasnt , the tray wont open , the system keeps restarting and when a game finally loads , the system says its scratched and then shuts down . So i have spent around 500 bucks so far to have about 1 minute of playing time , 30 minutes on the phone with xbox customer support and now I have to wait 2 weeks for me to send it back and for them to fix it . I must say microsoft , what a system you have here . Dont buy this thing , all the anticipation for it is really ruined when you realize what a piece of ____ this is .
 i bought an xbox 360 a week ago . the first day time i turned it on , it wouldnt turn on . after repeatedly turning it on and off 4 or 5 times , it finally booted up . i called microsoft about this problem and their custormer support was stupid . they told me to play without a hard drive . i spend extra money for the hard drive and they told me to play without it !!! so i returned it to the store i bought it from . they wouldnt give me a refund . they could only give me another xbox 360 . so i took another one . the new one had the same problem . it wouldnt boot up until the 4th start . xbox 360 has huge defects even after a year ! horrible machine !
 Why would I pay more money to get an XBox 360 + HD Drive + Wireless controller instead of buying a PS3 , and in a couple of years , I 'll likely have to throw away my HD Drive , and will be playing mediocre games compared to 50Gig releases on a Blu-ray .
 I have played the Xbox 360 and was not impressed . The Nintendo Wii did not interest me . So i stuck with the best ... Sony . People gun sony down but if you try the console you will fall in love with the graphics and the power !
 I 'd so rather have my five-hundred dollars back . -LRB- includes cost of Gears Of War -RRB- As of my writing this review the 360 has not remotely procured five hundred bucks of entertainment for me , even with not having had any technical issues with the console as of yet . I can only hope Halo 3 relieves some , if not all , of my regret .
 The Xbox 360 produces amazing graphics , awesome clean audio and tons of additional features . HD images , vids and games are out of this world.However , the Xbox 360 has one unforgivable flaw , it scratches discs very very easly and renders them unusable . This can happen because you moved the console , set it up vertically or for no apparent reason -LRB- I took every possible precation and I just ordered a THIRD oblivion cd -RRB- .
 First of all , the name XBOX360 is a misnomer . This product should be called the XBOX180 . Because when you first buy this item , you are going to love it . Give it a year and you are going to do a complete 180 and really dislike this thing . I loved it and spent a lot of money on games and accessories , and now a year and a half later I am finally getting this wretched piece of electronic negativity out of my home for good.Right out of the box , your hardware will eventually fail . The only probability in this equation is the `` when '' component . I played mine about 1 hour a day . It lasted 13 months before I received a complete hardware failure . The second `` refurbished '' unit they sent me did n't ever work , it was broke right out of the box . The third `` refurb '' they sent me lasted for 2 weeks . My brothers first unit lasted 2 months , his second was a dead on arrival , he 's currently on his third . I have other friends and this paragraph could go on and on , but to summarize , everyone I know that has owned a 360 has experienced it break.But the product is unstable , fine . But that 's not all you get out of the 360 . You get to be treated rudely by an obnoxious twenty-something brat everytime you successfully navigate through the obnoxious robot hell that is 1-800-4MY-XBOX . And you will be calling it a lot . In fact , that is the only way to cancel your play-to-play online subscription . Anyone that experienced the AOL-impossible-to-cancel-hotline will feel right at home.Here 's one of my favorites . You have to pay for everything with `` Microsoft Points '' with are sold in $ 20 increments . Want to play the remaining levels in that $ 59.99 game you just bought ? Not so fast , hotshot . You need to log into the `` marketplace '' and pay for those last few withheld levels . Want a new wallpaper ? Nuh uh uh ... got ta pay first . Change your gamertag ? That will be $ 20 more please . The nickel and diming gets old really really fast.But all those things you are buying are `` DRM 'd '' to your console . That means that * only * your console will be able to use downloads . It 's tied to your machine . But the really cute part is that when your machine breaks , and they send you a refurb ... yep , you guessed it . Nothing works anymore and you get to pay for it all again . And again . And again.This machine is n't fun , the Microsoft customer service will be smug and arrogant , and they pay-to-play model is Draconian . Microsoft is running this show like they have a monopoly . And they do n't ; there are much better consoles for the money out there .
 I bought my x-box in March of 2006 , and I really like most of the new features . The controllers are wireless , the graphics are better , and the extra remote you can buy is way better than the original.I work a lot and do n't have much time to play my system , but after only 6 months the x-box quit working . The front display lights will flash three red lights which means there is an internal hardware problem . The problem can not be fixed by anyone locally , so you have to send the product in to be repaired . The repair cost is about $ 140 and you also have to pay to have the unit shipped -LRB- Another $ 20 -RRB- . If you want any sympathy from the creator , and you call the hotline , then you get someone on the other line who is definatley outsource to somewhere most likely in India.They will try to sell you a warranty for two years , but after it breaks you have to pay for the repair , shipping , and then buy the warranty -LRB- Total is about $ 225 -RRB- . I spoke with UPS , who does all the shipping for the x-box systems , and they told me that they have had an abundance of people calling in to send their x-box 's in for repair.In short , if you have to have the new x-box , then just know that you could be paying for it long after you buy it and the cost does not out weigh the reward .
 I bought my son an Xbox 360 last Christmas and , luckily , also bought an extended warranty . Glad I did . 3-4 months later it started freezing up after being played for about an hour , and about a month afer that , developed green lines . Do n't know what that 's all about ! Luckily with the extended warranty my son will be able to get a replacement game system , but it wo n't be an Xbox 360 .
 Will admit that I have been a long time fan of the ps . I purchased a 360 about a month ago because I kept hearing how good the system is and how great the games play and I just got tired of waiting for some of the premium ps3 games to come out . Rented some games and they played great . I could definitely understand why folks are fans of the system and I was on the edge of becoming a convert , until ... I got the rings of death . You can say I was not happy and had some choice words . Talked to the MS customer service -LRB- which was not very fun at all -RRB- and they offered to send me a box to ship it out and I declined it because I did not want to deal with the reliability issues of the system . I ended up taking it back to the store for a refund . I will stick w my ps3 that I have not had any problems with at all . I may pick up another 360 later down the road when MS fixes whatever problems the current system has .
 A little prelude to my review . One of my neighbors is a game developer who works for a company that makes games for the Xbox , Xbox 360 and MSN network -LRB- mostly downloadable content -RRB- . He told me that his company currently has 4 Xbox 360s and he warned that I should wait until all the bugs are ironed out before I buy one myself.Ok , now onto my review . I do n't understand why people would buy this system at this moment . There are no must play game for the 360 and that 's the bottom line . Also , one of the reasons why you ca n't find one is that people are buying these things to solely to sell , thus creating an entirely new class of middlemen who you can find on ebay and craigslist . This in turn makes the people who are forking over $ 400 to get this system actually believe that they are getting a great `` bargain '' when compared to what people are paying on ebay.Trust me folks . Just wait 'til spring when some more games come out or wait for the PS3 . You really are n't missing much .
 I bought the Xbox 360 this past Christmas for my grandson and after 3 months of use he started getting the error message `` to play this disc , put it in an Xbox 360 console . '' Which was ridiculous since we were using the Xbox 360 . We searched the Microsoft website and did n't find a solution to this error , so we goggled the error message and found thousands of people on various websites and blogs that have had the same experience -LRB- Including Aamazon.com -RRB- . Also found many with the over-heating and freeze-up problems . Most of the problems seem to be occurring shortly after the warranty expired . Pretty lucky for Microsoft , huh ? These complaint messages span from back in 2005 to current.I am very disappointed in the Xbox 360 and am surprised there has n't been a massive class action law suit against Microsoft regarding this product . I am positive Microsoft is and has been aware of the defects in this product . I believe they should , at the very least , be recalling this product . Especially since the over-heating problem has actually caused fires in some cases .
 I bought one . Five minutes into every game , it freezes . Says the disc needs cleaning . So , I replace my game . Same thing happens . So , I send it back to Microsoft . They send me a brand new console . Guess what ? My disc still needed cleaning . You will want to throw this thing out the window . I 'm doing so with mine . A PSP 3 is looking mighty good ...
 I am going to complain about the same thing everyone has been complaining about since the day this launched . Why would Microsoft be so dumb as to attempt a global launch without sufficient stock . Honestly , when it comes to the Xbox , the US buys more consoles . Yet , they send tons to Japan and they are sitting in warehouses . I just want this system . My friend got lucky and scored one Christmas eve at Circut City , so I know the system rocks ... hard . However , one quarter of the idiots buying these consoles are just selling them on ebay and ripping a huge profit . And I thought that scalping was frowned upon .
 I bought this game console for my son as a Christmas gift , and after a year and a half , it went into the trash . We got the now commonly reported `` Red Lights Of Doom '' hardware failure indicator . A call to X-Box support connected me to someone who could barely speak english , whose only solution was for me to mail the thing in for repairs . -LRB- All at my expense of course -RRB- I do n't get it . My son spent less than an hour a day on it ... And it 's now in the dumpster . Microsoft will never hose me again like this . Ever .
 In the history of video games , this is the only console tha burn itself , the three red lights appeared just becouse ... 450 $ lost in a xbox360 console and the additional control . I 'm very far away so i do n't have the opportunity to change it or something.Just for that the xbox360 its the worst video game console ever .
 Do n't waste your money on this product by Microsoft . It would be an awesome product if Microsoft was n't involved in the hard drive and production . Their computers are borderline but their gaming systems are substandard.I should have invested in anything Playstation makes since I 've have my original playstation and playstation 2 with no problems whatsoever . However after 5 months of owning the X-Box 360 the hard drive crashed and after talking to someone in India , I realized I have a paperweight on my hands.Needless to say , they do burn real nice and give off alot of magnificent flames , that 's about the only thing good I can say about the Microsoft product X-Box 360 . Stay with Sony or get a Wii , but please do n't invest in an X-Box 360 . If you do send me the money and you will get exactly what Microsoft offers , nothing but headaches.Hope this helps .
 I bought an Xbox 360 in October and after playing it for two weeks it crashed . I got the one red light flashing . I called Microsoft and they told me to return it . I did and although I am living in the Caribbean and it cost me 200USD which is half the cost of the system I did that because I really believed in Xbox . I had a Generation 1 xbox before and had no problems . The system came back after 2 months and I was so excited I stayed home from work and went to pick it up . I brought it home and plugged it in only to see the same problem . I was disappointed and microsoft told me to bring it back in . I refused because it is costing me too much . They can not understand that . The system is very unstable and overheats fast . Although the games are good but that is about all . I am going PS3 now and I will also write a review in one month about that .
 the xbox 360 is an ok system . but it breaks down quite a bit -LRB- overheating -RRB- . overall , its sort of a waste of money because it does n't last long.why would ms put out a shoddy product that they 're going to have to fix anyway ? I would wait until the price dropped to spend money on this piece of junk .
 the graphics on the x360 are not that much better than the first xbox . save your money for a playstation 3 , because the graphics are going to be WAY better . so much better infact that it would be like comparing the very first gameboy to the gameboy advance . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! my work here is done . : - -RRB-
 $ 800 mark-up over the $ 400 price?SCREW YOU VGO , and Amazon for putting this crap up.And here , I thougth Amazon was a `` respectable '' online retailer . I guess not .
 5 months ago we bought the new Xbox360 , we should have waited a few more months to read the more recent reviews . With that said , the Xbox 360 has a 50 percent failure rate . The one that we purchased has failed and is being returned to Micrososft for repair . The turnaround time on the repair is 3 to 4 weeks . Apparently , the fact that the XBox 360 breaks down is a common ailment and one that Microsoft neither apoligizes for nor determines it a necessary candiadate for either refund or replacement . I recently visited the Circuit City website and read over 100 reviews of this product . 70 percent of which were highly critical of the product , labeling it as either a `` waste of money '' or a `` poor qulaity product . '' With that said , we purchased a PS3 and will be selling the XBox 360 on Ebay .
 Something terrible is going on in Microsoft , I have had one of these system for 4 months and I get the `` red rings '' freeze up ; I sent my xbox 360 back and what I received in return was a refurbished system that STOPPED WORKING half a week after playing . I regret purchasing an xbox 360 as I know it will only be a matter of time until this maching goes out on me again . Eventually my warranty will run out and I will sell the system for pieces on ebay for $ 40 . Think about a Sony PS3 .
 The only redeeming factor is Halo & Gears of War ! I have always been a playstation guy in the past . My girlfriend gave me one of these for christmas so I could link up with my friends out of the area , and play games . So I hook the thing up go out spend an extra 100 bucks on the wireless network adapter and attempt to get online . No luck . This system has got to be the most difficult thing I have tried to get online since my pc 133 running windows 3.1 . Once its online configured and running it drops out and gives me the same errors that were just fixed a minute ago . But anyways the adaptor aside . What else can I say . Oh yah . The fact that this thing feels like its about 180 degrees while in use . What the hell did microsoft do ? Overclock it . A game system should never run that hot . This things a fire danger . It also locks up , and if you cant get it online , then forget having any fun playing games on it . If you can get it online , it will constantly annoy you about signing into Xbox live . What a waste of money that was . This thing is to buggy . All my other friends have PS3s . They love them and have had no problems with them . Do yourself a favor and buy a console that works . Buy a Playstation .
 GET REAL ... this is ridiculous to come out with a system that can not even be purchased . As well as have all the accessories which can be purchased ... for no system . Plus , jack up the price on what is coming out because of supply and demand ! Is that stupid or what ?? It is thoughtless , arrogant , and just plain mean to get kids excited about something for Christmas and then not make it available to give on Christmas . Shame on you , Microsoft !!
 This is idiotic selling a system for so high a price . So it is sold out in stores just wait it out you 'll get one and probably cheaper than store price now . These second hand sellers are crooks selling them so high . Think about priorities before paying these sellers such an idiotic price .
 The system was cool until it overheated and destroyed my games . I called custumer support -LRB- aka India -RRB- . They offered no help at all and claimed that it was my fault . They have the worst support in the world and they can barely speak english . I did not move or touch the Xbox 360 at all when I was playing it . This is not an isloated problem the same thing happend to my friend down the steet and countless others . Eventually you can argue with them to fix your Xbox but they will not replace the game that it burns . They make you pay for shipping to their repair shop which takes 2 weeks . I would not buy one or at least wait until they fix the fatal design flaws in the system . Right now I have a $ 400 paper weight .
 Long story short , bought my first one in July and my 9th , yes , 9th xbox 360 died last week due to bricking after a pushed update from Microsoft.Save your money , time , and blood pressure if you have n't bought one yet . Microsoft gives NO support other than taking your newer broken system and replacing it with an older repaired system , pushing updates that render the system worthless -LRB- as if it had value before -RRB- . Purchase the cheapest BluRay player you can get ... . PS3.I know I 'm throwing my 1800 dollars in XBOX 360 consoles , games , and other garbage where it belongs .
 After no more than two month of use , this console ca n't read Games from Xbox or Xbox 360 , not even DVD 's . This happens to mee also in the first console XBOX generation . Why are this people using so very low quality parts ????
 When the Xbox 360 came out , I think it costs around $ 400 . The Xbox 360 is way overpriced , and I think Microsoft did a bad thing in releasing a bunch of defective Xbox 360s . The price is outrageous , and , according to a freind of mine , has very little internal memory and requires a memory card to play games -LRB- Oblivion , for example -RRB- the way they were designed to play . Plus , $ 60 a game is laughable .
 When I remeber `` the story '' about this console I 'm getting confused!till now , I feel shame!be damned that day when I decided to give MS a chance ! what should I say about xbox 360 ?! my personall expirience was a bit short ... yes , it was something about 2 or 3 hours !!! LOL ! why ? BECAUSE OF IT 'S UNBELIEVEABLE NOIZZZZZZZZ !! this is rediculous , especially for console -LRB- which , by the way , costs a lot -RRB- ! with such kind of noise there 's no any chance to play at night . . + many `` another '' x360 possible problems -LRB- 3 lights of death , for example -RRB- convinced me to choose right way -- and next day I took my money back -LRB- thank GOD -RRB- . huuuuuah !!!!
 I had an original XBOX . loved it , great games and a crash once in a while . No big deal . Worked through many many hours of hard use.I got a 360 about 6 months after introduction -LRB- should have worked out bugs , right -LRB- WRONG !!! -RRB- . Didnt notice or get $ -LSB- ... -RSB- extra extended warranty so stuck with lousy completly industry non-standard 90 day warranty.A few crashes but getting worse and worse so I finally call when it starts crashing on boot start up and they tell me my warrantees expired and it will be $ -LSB- ... -RSB- plus shipping plus another $ -LSB- ... -RSB- if I wanted the extended warranty that I didnt get originally.Playstation 3 will come with a 2 year warranty . Get the Playstation 3 or if you must have a XBOX GET THE EXTENDED WARRANTY it came with a 90 day warranty for a reason.There are over 3 and one half million posts on XBOX 360 CRASH on the Internet.Microsoft obviously knew they were selling a totally inadequate product from the start and that is why they cut the warranty to only 90 days.None of us really expect much from Microsoft , but they have intentionally cheated me and many thousands of other XBOX 360 purchasers and casually deny any culpability.One star is not nearly low enough I would give them minus 360 stars if I could.Also , really good games that take good advantageof the 360 's capabilities have been really slow in comming out.At least with the Playstation 3 you will have out of the Box true 1080 P BluRay DVD capability , some decent games and a real warranty .
 The 360 has a great library of games . But the hardware is mediocre at best ! I 've went thru two 360 's that died within months of light usage . I decided to take the lost -LRB- in games purchased -RRB- and go with the king of hardware Sony 's PS3 . And while there are n't any games at this time -LRB- AAA games that is -RRB- there soon will be . So it 's either `` jump in '' now and get a 360 and suffer the consequences of having to deal with a highly defective unit . Or get a PS3 with its reliable hardware and HD movie player and you can count on hardware that will truly `` Play beyond '' .
 Microsoft is simply jerking everyone around . They produce a new system , hype it immeasurably , attempt a worldwide launch , then botch it beyond belief . There 's consoles sitting on shelves in Japan because they do n't care , and the price is being slashed in half.There 's talk that EBGames and Gamestop are keeping incoming 360s to sell online with their outrageous bundles , as opposed to filling preorders -LRB- the faithful who have had one reserved for months -RRB- . They also will tell you that they have no idea when they 're getting more in , or that Microsoft does n't tell them anything , however the spokesperson for EBGames released a statement that said conversation is 2 ways between Microsoft and EBGames.Meanwhile , ebay has people ripping everyone off , with people jacking up the prices insanely so they can pocket the difference . If Microsoft truly cared about the gamer , then they would n't let this bulls ** t go down like its going down.Don ' t settle for ebay . Do n't give them that satisfaction . All those extortionists who bought a 360 with hopes of selling it for massive gains on ebay will get theirs , when they get stuck with them . Then they wo n't be able to get back what they paid for them .360 s will be back in stores , and you should wait till around PS3 time , when Microsoft will have to slash prices to face the behemoth that is Sony . Do n't give Microsoft the satisfaction of controlling the customer , like it does with its Windows software .
 i mean you got ta agree ps3 is gon na be 250 $ while the 360s still gon na be at 500 $ why buy a 500 $ console when you can get one 250 $ less with the same graphics my advice is wait for the real next generation console which is the playstation3 and ps3 is not gon na freeze on you -LRB- unlike the xbox 360 -RRB- sony put alot of work into it -LRB- unlike microsoft -RRB- so you who dont agree with me go jump in a lake you xbox 360 loving bosos !!! and wake up !! 360s not worth 500 $ its not worth a penny !!!!
 In case you did n't guess , -LRB- ... -RRB- My friend wrote a review on Amazon today . December 6th . It reads , `` XBOX 360 + REVIEW = DA BOMB !!! '' or something like that . He rated it 5 stars . It 's a kid review although he 's 13 . I do n't want to hurt my friend 's feelings , but the 360 is not good . It 's not worth paying up to $ 400 and a whole bunch of extra stuff . And you do n't want to pay an extra $ 10 for video games you can buy on the GameCube , PS2 , or the earlier Xbox would you ? People can be stupid . Who wants to pay an extra $ 100 or a possible $ 200 for GRAPHICS ? I 've played the 360 . I 've seen the graphics . I admit , they are pure eye candy . The gameplay is superb . But the rest just tanks . AND I MEAN TANKS ! The games are extremely skimpy.Kameo ? Boring.Perfect Dark ? Ehhh.Call of Duty 2 ? You can buy that cheaper for PS2!The rest of the games -LRB- unless I forgot to mention some -RRB- are remakes for games you can buy on the earlier systems , for an extra $ 10 . Who wants to pay an extra $ 10 for a game you can buy for an earlier system ? I tell you who , STUPID PEOPLE ! The games play exactly the same ! My friends want to buy the 360 . I want to tell them to get it through their brains , or anyone else reading this , that the 360 is not good . The games stink . The value is n't worth it . I want anyone reading this to listen to me carefully . DO NOT BUY THE 360 ! I repeat , DO NOT BUY THE 360 ! Wait for the Nintendo Revolution , with new and improved Nintendo games , or the very highly anticipated PlayStation 3 , with BlockBuster games like GranTurismo 5 and Killzone 2 ! The 360 has nothing even close to those lengths ! I change my lightly recommended thing to a not recommended thing . Trust me , you wait for a while , you 'll get something better.P.S.No offense , Microsoft -LRB- Bill Gates -RRB- , but the Revolution & PS3 will kick the 360s butt in the market . In Japan , China , or even here in the U.S. the 360 will sink quickly , the Revolution will rise , and the PS3 will soar ! 2nd P.S.To the people who rated the 360 3-stars or under , I salute you.To the people who rated the 360 4-stars or higher , go buy a PS2 ! The 360 is bad ! You people must be rich or something !
 No where does the description say that you ca n't play xbox games on this machine . If you hope to play regular xbox games - forget it . The website says it will play the most popular ones - it does n't . I would not have purchased this system if this had been made clear . Do yourself a favor and buy a different game system . I will when I return this system . If I wanted to buy all new games , I might as well get the Nintendo wi
 I never bought into the original Xbox hype to begin with . I watched as friends bought them and paid for online gaming that was offered for free with most games for the PS2 . Sony 's PS2 just had the titles I wanted for a console and the backwards compatibility was a good selling point . Most of the Xbox titles that were n't available on PS2 were usually ported over to my now preferred gaming platform , the PC . I 'm not really impressed with all 3 of the next generation consoles ; 360 , PS3 or Revolution . Of the 3 next generation consoles the PS3 looks the most promising , although I 'll admit I 'm curious to see what innovations will be made with the 360 games , but that is about it . As for Nintendo , they have n't really tried all that hard at gaining a core adult audience with features , performance and titles , I do n't see this changing . As for what I would put my money on , I do n't see myself buying any of the 3 next gen consoles , but if I had to make a choice , I 'd say PS3 . Personally I 'd rather spend my money on graphics cards , PC games , etc. . The console life span seems to be getting shorter and shorter as technology progresses . The PC seems to be the only viable place for your money and value . As for the over-heating problems reported with the 360 , I do n't expect any less from a company that ships beta operating systems such as Windows ME to users . Unfortunately though consoles users are only seeing the beginning of the love/hate relationship with Microsoft that PC gamers have experienced for years .
 My dad and i rented an xbox 360 . The system was slower on the loading times than our ps2 . The graphics were no better than resident evil 4 on gamecube . Why is this supposed to be the best system ? Because microsoft says it is ? Marlboro told people they were the best 50 years ago . Save your money people . Do n't buy this garbage .
 This is the biggest piece of junk I 've seen lately . Got it home and it would n't work . Called the help line and did n't receive any help .
 One of the reasons I bought an Xbox 360 is I figured I would be able to play all my old Xbox games on it just like Microsoft says you can , I could n't have been more wrong . Of all the games I have exactly 2 of them can be played on the Xbox 360 . You can look at www.xbox.com/games and there is a section on which games are backward compatible , there is n't much . Supposedly they are working on more I do n't know why this was n't done to begin with unless this could n't be true , but is Microsoft lying to us ? That could never happen . It 's funny they think they are superior to Sony but with each new Playstation there is never any problems with compatibility . Microsoft says they started with the most popular games making them compatible but if you look at the list , it is games nobody would really want , and as strange as this may sound the original Xbox games that have Xbox 360 counterparts somehow forgot to make the list.Other than this problem and the wireless network problems connecting to a media center computer if you decide to do this , it is a nice system with great graphics speed , Xbox Live built in , an actual working wireless remote -LRB- other systems have problems with this -RRB- and High definition with Digital sound -LRB- if you have a High Definition TV and a surround system -RRB- . You almost need another room for the power supply unit , it is huge but this is to be expected for keeping it out of the Xbox itself to make it smaller . My opinion , stick with your current Xbox instead of buying this -LRB- if you can even find one -RRB- for now unless you want to buy all new games .
 My opinion of the Xbox 360 would be better had M$ not have rushed this out into the market , without thorough testing.It 's clear that they did n't test enough , because I know a guy who had to replace his 360 8 times due to the `` infamous '' RROD.This will be my first and last 360 I buy , as I got the RROD , along with an E 79 error.It 's sad when you pay the amount you do for the system , only for it to go bad in less than a year of ownership . My old xbox is still running just perfect , yet the 360 is trash as compared to the old xbox.Shame on M$ for unloading such an inferior gaming console to the masses . So Nintendo Wii or PS3 here I come .
 This piece of rubbish breaks down a few times before the first year of use , the average life of the XBOX 360 is 7 months , sad but true some of the games make me buy this thing but in the end is not worth it to pay $ 400 for a console the does not work most the time , and the overheat is the worst of the worst the 3 red lights of dead as some people call it
 I am not a big game fan , and I got the XboX 360 mainly as a Media Extender.Just after I bought it , I regretted it , because of its poor capabilities a Media Extender , with no support for Xvid , DivX and even at that time H264.Furthermore , the IR Remote control did never actually worked properly , so had to use the Wireless Controller as a remote.What is worse , with a not too heavy use for games , my Xbox 360 got the 3 red lights in less than one year and died.For those considering to buy an Xbox 360 , I advice them to google first for ` XboX 360 red lights ' and they will get a clear indication of how unreliable this HW is .
 No matter how much fun the games may be , you do not want to buy this machine . I read all the bad press about the RED RING OF DEATH . I thought maybe people were not taking care of the machine . Not letting it have enough air flow or maybe little kids were hard on it and banging it around . I bought mine mid May and it died before the end of August . I put it on my desk with nothing near it to impede air flow . I put 2 fans blowing into the intake air holes and could feel more air coming out the exhaust . There is no excuse for a corporate giant like Microsoft to produce a product this pathetic . I waited for around a year after it 's release before I bought one . I figured they would have the bugs worked out by then . But they have n't even updated the design . They now these things are failing faster than they can produce them , but do n't choose to improve the product . They just released the `` Elite '' version , and it has the same problem . Three to six months and you get the red ring of death . They had every opportunity to redesign the case with more air space and a bigger fan before they released the Elite , but chose not to . We as gamers need to make our voices heard thru our spending . If we do n't buy it , they will be forced to fix it . They spent the money to develop this thing because they wanted some of Sony 's money from the gaming community . But they do n't respect gamers or their money enough to actually make a quality product . They just want the money . I am not a Sony `` fan boy '' either . I do n't own , and do n't plan to own a PS3 . But I do own a PS2 that I have had for over 5 years , that has been knocked to the floor at least once and it still works perfectly .
 After the research I have done on this console I guess I should consider myself lucky that mine lasted a year . I read that they had extended the warranty to 3 years , but it turns out that is only for the `` Red Ring of Death '' . Turns out I had one of the million other problems this console is experiencing . That means you have to send the broken console to them and pay them $ 100 to fix it . Microsoft says their console failure rate is 5 % . An independent study found it to be 33 % . I do n't know anyone who owns one that has n't had to send it off for repairs . When I called customer service , he knew exactly what was wrong with mine . So they obviously have more reoccuring problems than the `` Red Ring of Death '' but wo n't admit it . The console is very nice when it works . The thing is that I know several people with P3 's and not one of them has sent one off for repair .
 This product has some fun games but what 's the use if your system keeps breaking down and needs to be sent to Microsoft for repairs over and over . It is very frustrating to see money spent on a $ 300 + product that needs constant repairs , and is away for months on end . Very disappointing ! Maybe there should be a recall on all defective machine !
 I bought this console at Amazon on March 2006 . It cost me 1.300 . I had to buy it with a bounch of games and stuff in order to have it . but it was fine , i was so eager to taste this Console.It was fine until it broke , with no reason . after 8 months of use.The same thing happend to my first Xbox -LRB- after 10 month of use -RRB- and my second Xbox -LRB- after two month -RRB- I guess there is somekind of problems with microsoft hardware . I am planning to change to Play Station , hopping to avoid this kind of problem .
 We just got the red ring of death on our xbox 360 , less than one month after my warranty expired . One day it was working , the next day it was dead . It will cost $ 139 to fix it and I do n't think we want to sink another dollar into this thing . Leave it to microsoft to use shotty hardware - no new news there . We 're going to try and sell our games and accessories and get a Wii .
 Got my teen two systems this year . The Wii for the holidays and 3 months later an Xbox 360 for his birthday . We made a deal , he traded in his PS2 and Gamecube with a ton of games got a $ 250 credit and put it toward the 360 . Bought Oblivion , MLB 2K7 and GTA Triple pack -LRB- not for 360 -RRB- He hates the 360 . It doesnt support the regular xbox games . He had a failure on the hard drive within a month of play . Microsoft support was terrible . Finally threatened them and they let me return hard drive only to wait a month to get replacement . System overheats even with cooling fan after 3 hours of play.He has the Wii for a longer time and absolutely no problems at all . I understand the two systems are different but come one when you spend $ 500 on a console you should expect to have it for a while.If you 're a mom beware you child will have meltdowns from this system .
 what a piece of junk mine broke in less then a year and i got it around fall of 2006 RROD -LRB- red rings of death -RRB- they keep extending the warranty now 3 years which means nothing since they just replace with same old junk so that u have to keep sending them back360 = garbageshould have bought a ps3 from the start money down the drain
 I loved the 360 from the minute I hooked it up . Sure it ran hot and the fan was loud , sometimes it would just freeze and nothing would happen , somedays I could not connect to Xbox live , but I put up with all of that because it looked awesome on my HDTV and the games were great . All that ended on the 91st day of ownership . I went to power it up and got the `` 3 flashing red lights of death '' . Nothing would happen , no images , no sound ! I called Microsoft and went thru all of their steps to try and get it to work . No Luck ! Talked to tech support and got the Need to Send it in speech . I said okay and they said $ 140 please . What ! They stated the unit was 1 day out of the 90 day warranty and they wanted a credit card number before we could even start the process of getting it fixed -LRB- which would take a month -RRB- . I demanded to talk to a supervisior and got nowhere . I hung up and hit the internet . In an hour I had it up and running after a few quick tips posted on the net . It died 1 week later ! I tried contacting microsoft again , but was on hold for over an hour before I hung up . However , this time when I called they had a phone option right away for this problem ! So , they know about it but do not stand behind their $ 400 product ? Nor do they offer free fixes to those of us unlucky enough to have an '06 model -LRB- '05 models with the same problem are replaced free of charge -RRB- ? Ridiculous ! I have since sold the unit as-is online and recouped half of the cost . I will never , ever buy another Xbox product ! I have since replaced it with a slimeline PS2 which is working beautifully and looks great on my HDTV . It also has a 1 year warranty and costs 1/4 of a 360 . You can also get the games used for less than $ 15 ! Why did I ever trade mine in on the 360 ? Do n't get duped like I did . Stay far way from these lemons !
 My son worked very hard to save up $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to buy an XBOX360 and was able to purchase the premium console this past February . He took very good care of the unit , but it broke down within 8 months . My brother also purchased a premium XBOX360 , in February , and his unit failed within 30 days . These events coupled with the extremely short 90-day warranty Microsoft provides with the purchase of the Xbox makes my family wonder about the lack of reliability of this product . With very few moving mechanical parts , these units should last trouble-free for years . But the lack of Microft 's warranty should be a clear signal -- `` Buyer Beware ! `` Microsoft produces and sells a lot of decent software , but from here on out we 're going to AVOID PURCHASING any Microsoft -- branded hardware items . Bottom line , my son should have waited and bought the new Sony Playstation 3 . It comes with a High Def `` BlueRay '' DVD drive and a one year warranty , which is four time longer than what Microsoft provides .
 I received the console and when I plugged it in the hard drive worked b/c it brought me to the start up screen , however it did not read any games , dvds and or music cd 's . The controller that also came with it damaged . The Left thumb stick did not sit directly in the middle , almost as if the spring was broken.I have contacted Amazon and they are sending me a replacement for all the items inside the box . Pretty dissapointed in this up to now . Hopefully the new one will not have the same problems .
 This is a nice system when it works . I 've had mine for just a little over 3 months , and it is now dead . Not completelty dead , but you can only use it for less than 5 minutes before the screen freezes . When I called support about it , I learned that the warranty is only 90 days , and it would cost $ 130 to have it repaired . I would 've thought that a system that goes for about $ 400 would have had a 1-year warranty . I guess Microsoft must have hired some top-notch reliability engineers , so they would know exactly how long to make the warranty period , so as not to eat into the profit margins too much .
 THIS GAME WOULD NOT LOAD ON MY COMPUTER.I do not have a clue as to why just that it did not load .
 I have no idea how the game is because the cd program is so outdated that my HP computer will not play it . If you have an ancient working computer it 'll possibly work , but it ca n't be newer than 1997 progams . Very dissappointed . : -LRB-
 This game was very boring and repetitive . No action or story line . No actual detective work . Just a lot of I spy in the same old rooms , finding the same old objects .
 I purchased this game and it did not play on my hp windows 7 and then I tried my vista laptop and it finally came on but the screen like was 4 inches even after I changed my screen settings . I then tried to exchange or get a refund and I was told I could not ... never again $ 25-30 dollar waste
 Was made for older windows systems and wo n't play correctly . Very old graphics etc - I should have done more research !
 Phonics Based Reading program was advertised as being for adults and children . It is not and it does not run well at all . When I ran it on my computer it locked up the computer so bad I could not manually shut it off and reboot . Also the program is not setup for adults at all . The games are simple and meant for a 3rd grader or below . Whomever put this together was amateurish and did not know how to teach with a computer . Do not buy this product .
 `` Educator 's Choice Phonics Excelerator '' is more interesting and much , much , much , much , much , much ... better alternative per dollar .
 I was under the impression this was and improvement or upgrade to the basic program , but it is not . It is a stand-alone program that uses some of the programing from the basic game . Certainly not worth the money .
 This does n't work with any flight sim I have . It is not as good as Google Earth is to fly .
 Game did n't add too much to flight sim 2004 but seller was very fast and reliable .
 Great series of games . Old games . For one hundred and seventy freaking dollars ? Come on folks . That 's just absurd . There 's plenty of other good games out there . Stop shelling big bucks for nostalgia and try something new for a change .
 I agree with this much
 The King 's Quest series has been long regarded as one of the most influential adventure series in computer gaming history . That may or may not be true -- you can decide for yourself if you purchase this package . Unfortunately , only a couple of the games are worthy of being influential -- the middle games in the series are the most fully realized and most satisfying games . Most of the others are hollow playing experiences , offering little besides scintillating graphics and usually interesting sound and music . Even the bonus games are , for the most part , mediocre offerings at best . If you are a long-time fan and would like to own the games , it 's definitely worth it . But you will most likely otherwise not be swayed to think King 's Quest is the greatest game series ever .
 I have tried installing this game on Windows XP after I was told by the seller of this product that it would be compatible . On the first attempt , the install screen did show up and went through the tests , but then said it could not read a file in the program . Now when I try to install the game , it wo n't even display the install screen . This is a huge dissapointment because the games are such huge classics .
 i 'm sorry . this game is very poopy . it 's a very poopy game . if you like poopy games , then you should buy this poopy game . because this is a poopy game . it 's a very poopy game . do not get this poopy game unless you like poopy games like this poopy game . this is a very poopy game .
 This is possibly the worst game ever created . The graphics are awful , the music is depressing , the menu system is complicated and the battles are boring , unrealistic and difficult to manage . The only reason I got this game was because i saw it for 5 bucks . I had seen it in the store at retail -LRB- 30 $ -RRB- and decided to wait . I am glad i did . I am a big fan of strategy games and RPG 's , but this is just plain BAD . I would have given it negative stars if possible.It so utterly bad it is almost funny . Do n't pay for this ! ...
 This is the worst game , do n't even think of buying it unless you 're a total `` Dungeons and Dragon 's '' -LSB- lover -RSB- . It stinks , do n't buy it .
 The CD Case was broken & chipped . The CD itself is so scratched . I ca n't get it to download on my computer .
 I 've played this game between 10-20 times and when it kept going it was really fun . `` Chaos '' was usually the one I played but `` Life '' was pretty cool too . The battles were pretty good but the AI was n't all that great . The different characters and units were pretty cool though.The graphics are so so . They 're not terrible but they 're not exactly beautiful either.Unfortunately it crashes after a few minutes or hours so I have n't got to the end of the game ever . I 've tried it on two different computers , one being way more poweful than the other one and it just wo n't play completely on either one . If it 'd quit that , it 'd be great .
 Lords of Magic looked like a pretty good game when I read the back of the box in the store but I found it to be extremely frustrating when I played it . It seems as though the computer is starting out with many more resources because I could never catch up to my neighbors in terms of units and resources . Waiting times between turns is way too long , as is waiting for a unit to heal . Also the lack of a small map on the bottom of the screen makes it really hard to orient yourself in the bigger picture . Also , the map stays basically the same no matter how many times you play . Sometimes a few things move but basically it 's all the same .
 Ok . First I want to say this was the worst game I have ever played . I think it is awful ! AWFUL ! The graphics stink , the music is bad , it is practically impossible to win a battle without taking weeks -LRB- ! -RRB- to build your army , you have to wait for the computer to take its turn , you can never seem to click on the unit you want , the map is dumb and keeps repeating itself , the menus are hard to understand , the icons for the units are worse than the graphics.In short , I consider the ... I paid for this an overpayment . -LRB- I got it on sale at Office Depot -RRB- Spend your money on Starcraft instead.Feh !
 Can not use any current O.S. , but it is my fault for not researching the details of the requirements . : - -LRB-
 Low quality that continues the series long standing tradition of Garbage . P.S. . You ca n't run over things .
 i traded a kid at camp for this game and i can tell you , it stinks . it has an extreme lack of features like any kind of saving . -LRB- it doesnt even use passwords -RRB- this game lasted me only 10 minutes to get bored of . if you want a quality , addicting game check out Mario Golf , Mickey Racing , or Zelda DX
 the tracks are way to easy ive won ternaments with all the skaters already and did the 900 w / tony more times then i can count theres only 3 vert tracks and no compition . oh did i mention i got this game only 2 days ago . definatly a better big screen game
 I bought this game for my game boy at -LSB- a local store -RSB- for -LSB- money -RSB- . This game is not even worth -LSB- money -RSB- . I brought the game home and I put it in my game boy . I played it for 5 minutes and I lost intrest in it . The graphics stunk . Every Time time you do a trick like an Indy , they stop the game and say congratulations ! You did an Indy . You only get 3 points and they stop the game for a couple of seconds and then you get to go back to the game . Their are only a couple of tricks you can do and it always says you did an indy . I also beat this game in 5 minutes . It is not worth it . Save your money and buy a better game !
 Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money on this game . Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater is great on the `` big screen '' -LRB- N64 or Sony -RRB- but amounts to little more than a joke on the Gameboy.There are very few tricks in this version , and most of the ones featured do n't look good anyway . The street mode is unrealistic ; all you do is ollie onto 3 or 4 different obstacles and grind them . Wow . The control is n't on point , either.The half pipe mode is decent , but once again , not many tricks to do . Activision should have spent more time on this one . Too bad .
 A horrible game not meant for gameboy color . I have owned it for one week and it is already my least favorite game . I do not recomend the game at all .
 Tony Hawks Pro Skater is a cheap buy.You love it for 2 days then you get bored.Thr are n't enough things to do , you ca n't do `` literly '' any tricks.If you wa n't a good skatboard game get Tony Hawks Pro Skater 2 .
 This game stunk ! First of all , it was WAY to short . Three minutes , tops . Also , too few areas .
 This game is the worst game I have played and I will play ! It does ` nt worth 1c . Everything in it sucks -LRB- especially the cars -RRB- . Here is a list of the good things : SORRY THERE ARE NO GOOD THINGSHere is a list of the bad things :1 . Bad graphics2 . Bad tracks3 . Bad cars4 . Old cars5 . Your opponent are faster than you!SO DO NOT I , REPEAT DO NOT BUY OR ORDER THIS GAME !
 Why ? Why is it that you have an awesome idea and you go andspoil it ? Ever since NFS3 hot pursuit they have gone downhillincredibly.This time Ea have tried to carve a game that places you as a test driver . Great it is to , getting to drive really old porsches from the past to the latest 911 . But why could n't they have made it more fun ? Instead of testing how smooth a car handles could n't they have made this something more appealng ? For instance why could n't they make this a West To East cross America race ? Speeding through the cities and open roads with cop sirens blaring , stingers lying in wait and a huge amount of prize money to the winner ? Then you could truly call it unleashed ! But as a game that places you at the wheel of prototypes -LRB- if you are in the right mode -RRB- is a very original approach . However I feel that this was just a big disappontment , I wanted to see the famous cop chases of Hot pursuit renacted utilising Porsches and the famous crash physics of the original . Both things sorely missed.The tracks though are very interesting . In these you can go anywhere ! Fly down an intersection where normally you 'd hit an invisible wall here you go a new route ! Great , now if only the cops were up to scratch ... You see here the chases are absolutely awful ! You must keep ahead of them for so long while they only have to touch you and you lose ! That 's not pursuit its tag ! major mistake thinking down this route.If you want to be a test driver , or just love the oppurtunity of driving all the porsches past and present then this game is definitely for you . Otherwise do the good thing and pick up need for speed 3 . As this was undoubtedly the best one !
 I was disappointed in the graphics and the gameplay was not the same as the computer version . The pc version is better .
 ok first off fighting monkeys and robots sucks ... . this doesnt even come close to any zelda game by far.ok with that off my chest ill give you the good and the bad first the good , graphics :8 battle sytem :9 controls awkward at first because of the camera thing but its cool :7.5 now the bad plot :3 enemies , they 're robots , monkies and stupid little gremlin things that should be in a dr. suess book c'mon :2 so i played about a half hour than turned it off in disgust maybe good for little kids with some parents help.so ... stay away from this game
 I have played some very bad games in my ten years of gaming but this game tops them all . When I first bought it I hoped that it would keep up the excellent standards that Alundra set . I was wrong . This game is totally rubish as far as I am concerned . While the graphics may look good they become very annoying . The music is o.k but the worst features of this game have to be the lack of a decent storyline and the camera angles . Overall , u think that any real RPGest should go out and buy a decent game such as FFVII .
 alundra 2 is a weak game because of the lousy camera angle . i hate it when i can not see were em i going because of an object blocking my view . and i also hate those annoying puzzles that when u mess up u have too start all over again . and those minigames , my god u have too have superhuman speed and patience just too accomplish them . and they all cost a bundle , apparently like in the real world money those not come easy in alundra 2 . sidequesting also is barely original . even that shining sword whos still weak at the enemy . barely impressive . storyline is a bit edgy , meet the princess meet the bad guy save the princess from the bad guy , same old same old . one thing i like though , sometimes the characters make u giggle . but thats it , and i also like `` the shooter '' minigame .
 The graphics are now 3-D and terrible ! They should have kept it 2-D . It 's even worse than Grandia , but Grandia had many great qualities this title lacks .
 I was so disappointed with this ! The original Alundra was fantastic boasting a cracking manga intro -LRB- although this was a bit revealing -RRB- , a good solid game engine and above all gameplay that worked ! Here none of the above apply ... What shocked me the most at first was how much the graphics had been degraded ! Instead of nice to look at cartoony graphics here they have adopted graphics recently took on by Shadow madness -LRB- that 's not a good thing by the way ! -RRB- Surely a sequel should move forwards not backwards?To make matters worse there seemed to be an epmphasis on bad camera work ! I was so sick and tired of adjusting the camera to attempt an impossible jump ! I really had high expectations of this , considering the success of the original ... My advice to you is leave this alone and catch up with original , as it is superior in every way possible .
 In a few words its just boring and to difficult . Nothing like the orginal and just not fun . I understand its a PSX game and should be more forgiving but I still think I would feel the same even if I played this in 2000 .
 I was so excited when I found this game in the used game bin at the Game Store the other day . I was a HUGE fan of the first one and was excited to see a sequel . Well after playing for one day I am sorry that I ever found it at all . The animation is choppy -LRB- even for its time . They should have never moved to 3D from 2D . I have no idea why this is even a sequel - there is no mention of the first one . The only simialrity is hacking the bushes for money . There are WAY to many cut scenes and while the voice acting is good , the scenes themselves are not well drawn . And they take place every few minutes . Fight a monster - get a cut . Walk into a room , get a cut.The first boss is WAY to hard for a first battle , there are far to few saved spots . I am only a few hours into the game , so it could get better , but based on the other reviews here I am not optimistic .
 To be honest , I think this is one of the worst Playstation games I 've ever experienced . I LOVED the original , and bought this under the assumption that it would reflect all the great qualities of Alundra ... sad to say it does not . The 3D format was an admirable idea , but it limits the actual length of the game to an unbearable level . One of the originals best attractions was it 's immersiveness due to it 's long duration , but this is lost in the sequel . I feel so strongly against this game I 've gone out of my way to write this , it 's a BIG disappointment .
 That 's only in the first hour . Unfortunately , this childish cast of monsters follows you throughout your journey as Flint `` The Pirate Hunter '' in your quest to take down the ultimate evil in the form of a trollish frog-wizard . If you 've ever wondered why there is no Alundra 3 , all you need to do is try to make a single pass through this one.Gameplay : Alundra 2 completely breaks away from its predecessor by throwing away the old 2d engine and replaces it with a clunky 3d one . The control is directionally based , much like the original Parasite Eve , adding the ability to rotate your camera in 8 directions . Here , the first problem arises while playing . Should you have the need to rotate the camera while moving , you 'll find yourself unable to change directions unless you stop moving completely . Movement is very clumsy in this game which compounds with Flint 's sheer sluggish-ness . Now add the game 's horrid clipping , and dodging enemies can sometimes be an impossibility . Which is a shame , since no matter how many hit points you have , odds are 6 hits -LRB- attacks or collisions -RRB- with an enemy will find you dead.Like the original , Alundra 2 is full of puzzles that require manipulation of the environment , and this clumsiness usually means that you 'll be getting stuck running by diagonal walls or missing crucial jumps because you ca n't see where you 're supposed to be going . The puzzles are also extremely easy until you get to around the 60 % point of the game , at which point they actually take some thought . Which is good , because by that point the monsters and bosses become childishly easy , and without the more challenging puzzles , you 'll be hard pressed to find reason to keep playing.Graphics : The move to a 3d engine was a bad one . The graphics in this game are just completely bland and uninspired . It 's like taking all the bad parts of Granstream Saga and Threads of Fate and mixing them together . The polygonal characters are poorly rendered with bodies consisting of no more than ten polygons and the texture mapping is poorly done . There are no FMV 's so-to-speak , with all the cut-scenes done with the game engine and the few movies being the game-engine on some other background . Definitely nothing to please your eyes while you slug through this one.Sound : The voice-acting in this game is surprisingly well done , albeit corny , and the list of actors is impressive with more than one recognizable voice in the mix . Unfortunately , the voices are the only upside since the music is uninspired at best . Be prepared for a lot of digitized oboes since the composer seems to love them more than is natural . Sound effects are par , they are n't annoying , nor do they rise out of this flavorless morass.Overall : If you 're looking for a sequel to Alundra , this is not the game to you . Having gone through the entire game , there is not a single reference to Alundra or even to the Alundra world of Inoa . In fact the only thing that can be said to link the two games are the puzzles , but even then , these are much easier than the original . Even the original had a story that was dark and interesting , with Alundra being able to walk in people 's nightmares and save their souls , but this one is pitiful and hackneyed . Basically , you are a pirate-hunter that teams up with a princess to save the kingdom from a court magician who goes awry . That 's it , there 's no side-story , back-story , or better-story ever revealed during gameplay.Basically put , I can take games with bad graphics , poor sound , shoddy gameplay or no story ; I just ca n't take a game with all of those traits combined . In fact , the game will clock you in around 20 hours with the last 5 hours being no too bad . The problem is that the first 15 hours were absolutely horrid . So horrid , in fact , that had my memory card corrupted and I had to replay them to get to the enjoyable part of the game , I would have just thrown the CD in the microwave and watched the lightshow .
 I would like to know if this game works on PS2 . . I want to buy but unsure if thisd game would work . ?? thanks Tim at walesrage@hotmail.com
 NHL Rock the Rink is entertaining for the first five minutes like NFL Blitz . However , once you realize that it has little to do about hockey gameplay and more about trying to be like WWF Smackdown in a hockey rink that 's when you 'll stop playing . The last complaint about this game is that you are unable to play as any of the NHL teams -LRB- so why even should it garner the NHL prefix ? -RRB- Instead , you play as a fantasy team against you NHL favorites . Do yourself a favor , if you are a true hockey fan stick with either 989 Sports excellent Faceoff series or EA Sports hockey offerings .
 scratches on the discdue to scratches with the disk , you can not play well and consequently remains lockout , this game is great but because of that failure will not be able to play not even in practice mode because it is the mp3 audio
 This game is built on the Steam engine , so my advice is steer clear . What this means is that the DVD you buy does n't have the game on it -- it has Steam , which is a nasty spyware-like lurker that sits on your PC running continuously . So first you install Steam , then you let it update itself . THEN you can type in your serial number and download the game , for which you have to be online of course -- my connection is poor , so this took about 4 hours . THEN you can finally play the game . Except that Steam crashed , then would n't start , then would n't run without an active Internet connection -LRB- as it 's supposed to -RRB- . After several reboots , I finally got the game to go -- for a few minutes , then it crashed . That seems to be as far as I can get . I 've had this kind of problem with every other Steam game I 've tried -- never again .
 I 'm still just playing the single player version , which is supposed to get me ready for on-line play . I can understand that , it takes awhile to figure out where you 're going , where to find things to meet your needs , etc.There are 2 things I absolutely hate about this game . First , fulfilling your `` needs '' is ridiculous . You spend 90 % of your time doing that . I would n't have minded 3 or 4 needs , and only if it did n't take so long to fill them . Why ca n't you sit in a chair -LRB- which fills the `` rest '' need -RRB- AND read your book -LRB- fills entertainment need -RRB- - doing two at the same time ? No , you have to sit or lay down , wait about 30 seconds , then pick up your book and read for 30 seconds . By then , it 's time to eat again . Eat , and soon you 'll need a bathroom break . Do n't forget to wash hands.If you have to go from one deck to another , by the time you get where you want to go , half your needs need to be refilled . Imagine how frustrated I was when , after completing a difficult kill , I turned into a pile of dust and died because I could n't find a bag of chips or something to eat . Die , start over . This is boring.The other thing I hate is that you ca n't save when you want . I 'm not very far into the game yet , and my character is getting `` assignments '' from a bartender . Bartender tells him who to follow , kill and rob , and we split the money . I managed to do the first 4 -LRB- after several tries -RRB- . On my fifth victim , I keep getting arrested as soon as I pull out a weapon . Then I realized the display is indicating someone is watching . It 's clearly a glitch , because I 'm absolutely positive there is no one around . I even gave up on killing my target , and wandered all over the ship , went to my cabin , etc. . Witness indicator stillon . Have to start all over with victim # 1 . This stinks.There is one thing I LIKE about the game . When you kill someone , regardless of the weapon , the sound effects are awesome . The victim is silent , but very cool `` thwack '' noises and such.If I can clear my eyewitness glitch , I 'll keep playing . Hopefully it will get better . But I 'm starting to think I 'll be completely bored by the time I 'd normally be ready to try it on line . The game could have been better if instead of fulfilling needs , the developers came up with something less annoying to keep people moving about . We could have been searching harder for weapons , money , anything for bonus points or whatever . Overall , I would n't recommend this game .
 But seriously , who wants to be that ? No one ever made a movie about a hit-man who ca n't get from one end of a cruise ship to the other without having to eat , drink , -LSB- . . -RSB- , wash his hands , read a magazine , dance , and sleep . Why not ? Because no one would watch that movie . That movie would suck.I mean it - you actually have to do all of those things or end up dead , and you have to do them frequently or you will parish . Really , Mommy ? If I do n't wash my digital hands after taking a digital dump , I 'll die ? They all have their own prompts going off at different times - it 's like stalking prey while strapped with ten pagers going off constantly . The thought behind the needs system is that it keeps the game moving by forcing players to move around the boat - but that 's where the game designers misjudged . There is a big difference between keeping the players moving and keeping the gameplay moving . I found that actual gameplay ended up taking a distant back seat to the interminable `` feeding of the beast '' required of the needs system , and that 's a shame , because I really enjoyed just about every other aspect of this game - especially the environment and atmosphere design .
 I must say that I was very disappointed in this game , after reading so many positive reviews . The single player game is awful , as it does not allow you to save where you want . I found myself having to repeat one mission -LRB- protect the ambassador -RRB- several times because I would die and have to start at the end of the previous mission.The online game turned out not to be the cat and mouse game that I had hoped . Players tended to congregate near stairwells -LRB- I believe the ship was the Andria Doria -RRB- and killed fairly indiscriminately .
 I bought this game because the guy in the store told me that it was cool , he said it was like Myst , that it was not . I did not like this game . Sound stinks , graphics stink . I cant belive sierra put this one out , usually their games rule , like Hlf-Life , and SWAT , I thought this was a dissappointment .
 I loaded GKI onto my PC and after 5 minutes the game crashed . I contacted Sierra and they gave me a super long list of things to do and the game still does n't work . I 've sent them another note and still have not heard . Since there were so many good reviews , I thought I would try GKII - the Beast Within and received an error upon installation . Guess what , still no note from Sierra.The game looks like it would have been fun , except I got tired of reinstalling the game and replaying all the conversation scenes over and over only to have it crash again .
 Can anyone tell me why each new GK-game is thought to be so great ? I honestly do n't see it . Maybe it 's my gaming history
 I was not to crazy about the beast within game , it is not to exciting and I found it to be boring .
 this program is notcommonly downloadedand could harm yourcomputerpor favor , no instale el producto , nesecito mi credito en mi cta .
 I was charged for it twice , and it only was downloaded once . Good game and it worked well , but I was charged 6.99 twice .
 I like Nancy Drew , but the program had a virus , and I could not play the game . This said I could not order any more . Nancy Drew products .
 I 'm really surprised at the good reviews this game got , because this game is mediocre , at best ! I had played this game before , but it had been a few years and sometimes I like things better the second time I play them - but this particular Nancy Drew was n't worth my time or my money . I feel like the programmers had a great story and the first half of the game was okay , but then it just ended , like they were on a deadline so they just slapped the last part together . The characters were not likeable , the puzzles WAY too easy even on Senior detective . If you 're a Nancy Drew PC game lover , like me , and you have to play it just to say you 've played them all then go ahead - but be warned
 I have worked and worked and gone over and over all the hints , helps , and made cotact with all the characters and I am stuck in the Light House . The telephone call/hints tell me the Light House has some oil for the morse code light , but I have looked all over the Light House and ca n't find any oil . And the hits have become very vague . I ca n't find help anywhere . I advise everybody NOT TO BUY THIS GAME . It starts out O.K. but then it show some malfunctioning bugs . Perhaps that is why it is selling for $ 2.99 . Too bad . I like Nancy Drew . For me her games are now suspect with bugs . I will not buy another Nancy Drew game . Too bad , so sad . O well , moving on ... Viviana
 SPOILERS ALERTI just started getting around to the Nancy Drew games , so I can only compare to the ones I 've played -LRB- # 4 - # 8 -RRB- . `` Deception Island '' is my least favorite so far because some of the puzzles were frustrating ; not because they were difficult , but because the game tried to limit your tools so it would hinder you . I often wondered if this was done so you would be spending more time playing ; there 's a big difference between longer play time for the sake of padding out the game and longer play time that is FUN . I found the puzzles rough and were n't well thought out ; I hope this is n't a sign of the future Nancy games I 've yet to play.For example , `` Deception Island '' had tasks such as collecting a certain number of clams and testing out different light bulbs . Since you ca n't click everywhere on the screen , the clam collecting made me want to pull my hair out b/c you had to keep coming back to your screen -LRB- in two areas that are FAR apart -RRB- and scanning your cursor to see if a searchable area would pop up . It 's all chance and poor game design.The light bulb testing was the absolute worse . In reality , if there was a package of light bulbs , a person would take the entire package to go test it out . But since this game wanted to test your patience and give you more game play , Nancy suddenly could only carry one light bulb at a time . WHY ? She seems to always carry way too much . Thus , as a player , you had to keep going upstairs and downstairs , turning switches , opening doors , closing doors , testing a bulb , then finding out it does n't work and going back downstairs to try it all over again.Finally , there was an anagram puzzle that required her to use an anagram program on her computer . The program did squat ; all it did was arrange your letters so you manually had to figure it out . Since the word was so long , it could take a person a long time to guess since so many words could be formed . Also , Nancy has to wear a helmet everytime she gets on her bike ; I suppose they want to reinforce players to wear helmets in real life but it got very old fast.The plot and characters are nothing special , but I could n't help noticing how strange it was that at one point , an old woman character was spying on an unknowing Nancy several times and called her on the phone ... while Nancy was in the middle of the ocean !!! How creepy and sick ! The character then made Nancy do all these odd jobs to find clues . . It was very disturbing and the old granny character -LRB- who wo n't let Nancy see her -RRB- bordered on being a sexual predator.I felt there were too many glitches with the puzzles so I can not recommend this game.The ending is almost satisfying . I felt the game designers got cold feet on going all the way on what you would expect to be the ending and the true villain of the game.There was one fun aspect - you can make sandwiches , and it was funny to see the reactions when she gives it to her friend to eat !
 Do NOT buy I repeat DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This game is very fun AND my mom dose n't even understand it ... Other problem ... IT SHUTS DOWN MY COMPUTERS SOUND !!!!!!!!! I had to take the file and UN-LOAD IT.AKA DELETE DELETE DELETE DELETE.WWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSTTTTTTTT OOOOOOOOFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYY
 i do n't know if it 's the seller or what but i got a cord , with no box or seller 's packaging , and yeah , not good . hopefully you will get one that 's actually new .
 I bought this cable from circuit city cause I was in desperate need for an svideo cable to use on my kv-27fv310 sony wega tv . It looked horrible ... When you play Metroid Prime you can easily see dots crawling on the red nintendo logo at the start of the game similar to the ones you see when you use the standard av cables the Gamecube comes with . Throughout the whole game there 's crawling dots -LRB- especially on alot of blue colored objects like ice -RRB- which made me very dissapointed ... Later on I bought the component video cable from nintendo 's online store for about 35 bucks with shipping and that cable delivers amazing quality . I highly recommend the component cable from nintendo . The Intec S-Video cable is still better than the standard av cables though but as far as s-video goes this cable is horrible -LRB- had the same experience with an interact s-video cable for playstation until I bought the official sony one which was way better -RRB- . Not recommended .
 Picked up this cable from Toys R Us last week and was totally disappointed . I have a 42 inch LCD HD flat panel TV but this cable will give you the screen door effect so games actually looked much worse than the composite video cable that came with the gamecube system . I returned it immediately and ordered the s-video cable from Nintendo store online the next day . Now , I can tell you that I am a happy man ! The s-video cable from Nintendo makes graphics sharper and colors more vivid than the standard composite cable . The cost of Nintendo s-video cable is about ten dollars more than Intec , but the difference in the clarity of image is night and day . Btw , I do n't recommand getting the Monster cable brand either , because they are way over priced , why pay more if you can get the same quality cable directly from Nintendo and cheaper .
 This cable produces exactly the same graphics quality onscreen as the standard Nintendo AV cable . I have a Sony Wega Trinitron KV-36HS520 42 '' TV -LRB- AWESOME -RRB- , and I got up close and personal with the screen -LRB- playing RE4 -RRB- for about 10 min after hooking up the Intec cable , and I could not see any difference at all from the factory cable . This model TV actually improves graphics quality on its own with Progressive Scan DRC , but I know upgrading from the standard AV connection that the image can look better with either an S-VIDEO cable or a component cable . Seeing as how the component cable is now selling for $ 50 - $ 80 , I ca n't justify sinking that kind of cash into my Gamecube at this point . I 'm going to go for the Monster S-Video cable for $ 15 . It 's at least gold plated and comes from Monster , which is renowned for quality . But still , this Intec S-Video cable is not even worth the $ 7 I spent on it . I want my 10 minutes back .
 Everyone told me that S-Video was the way to go . I know it makes your TV picture better -LRB- i have seen proof of that -RRB- , but when i got my game cube i did n't think there was any way it could look any better . I was right . I got the cable because i heard so many great things about S-Video and figured i 'd give it a shot . I hooked it up and see no difference at all . I do not see any need for this item and would not bother with it . The cable you get with the cube does the same job .
 can you use this to hook the gamecube up to a laptop ?
 This controller -LSB- stinks -RSB- ... It is nothing like the real Nintendo Controller and is a very cheap controller.First of all , the shape is horrible . It is a struggle to keep in your hand , and it dos n't `` fit '' into your hand like the real Nintendo one.Next , the buttons are too small and hard to reach.Don ' t come near this controller , no matter what the package looks like . This is not a controller , it is just a hugeWASTE OF MONEY !!! Buy the real deal , the Nintendo Controller made by Nintendo.THIS REALLY DESERVES A ZERO OR NEGATIVE NUMBER OF STARSDO NOT BUY THIS ... !!!
 Ok so I am an employee for Toys R Us and I am suposed to know a lot about the products that I am selling . It appears that I did n't know enough about the G Force when I baught it . I baught my first one and found that it did n't work at all . I believed it was just a bad controler . So I told my self that this can happen . So I got it traded in and brought my new one home . I found out that it only works with certain games . I now am going to try to talk to someone to get these products off the shelves because all it is doing is causeing people to waist there money . If I wanted to spend money on something like this , I would rather buy a giant piece of plastic because that is pretty much what it is
 Bought Three of the controllers , one was bad out of the box , the other two went bad within two weeks . The only one still working is the original Game Cube controller . I am returning these three and buying Nitendo brand contollers .
 I wish I would have looked into this controller before I bought it . Its horrible . I 've already exchanged 2 of them . Unfortunately Toys R Us wont let me exchange it for the original nintendo controller so it looks like I 'm stuck with it . I 'll just keep exchanging it until they give in I guess . None of them have worked out of the box so far . ...
 I was excited about the idea of reviving this old classic with some new technology , and for the most part the designers achieved their mission . However , they created two fatal errors that seriously hampered play . Firstly , the background scene with its space detail makes an excellent camouflage , obscuring the action . Secondly , there is no adjustability with the key board control settings . This would normally not be a concern except that the placement of the controls -LRB- as they are permanently set -RRB- does not flow at all on the key board . I guess what I really was hoping for was the original fun with modern improvement . Unfortunately the original fun of the game was lost due to to much tampering .
 I personally dont really like the shape of the regaular gc controler the part that goes on your palms it 's not at all comfortable it is to sharp the playstation or n64 is perfect
 But it is n't . I have three and i know because all three stopped working properly . The only thing it is good for is as a trick controller considering the fact that the joystick becomes non responsive or drifts in wrong directions by its self -LRB- ex . point up , it goes up + left -RRB- . It is clunky and heavy . For some reason the turbo light goes on and stays lit on one of the controllers but stays off on the other two no matter how many times it is pressed . Yet another problem is that it is shaped slightly differently than the nintendo one and it is harder -LRB- not too much -RRB- to get to the a and b buttons . Definitely get the Nintendo controller because I have had no problems with the one that came with my game cube .
 This controller -LSB- stinks -RSB- ... It is nothing like the real Nintendo Controller and is a very cheap controller.First of all , the shape is horrible . It is a struggle to keep in your hand , and it dos n't `` fit '' into your hand like the real Nintendo one.Next , the buttons are too small and hard to reach.Don ' t come near this controller , no matter what the package looks like . This is not a controller , it is just a hugeWASTE OF MONEY !!! Buy the real deal , the Nintendo Controller made by Nintendo.THIS REALLY DESERVES A ZERO OR NEGATIVE NUMBER OF STARSDO NOT BUY THIS JUNK !!!
 This controller is kind of comfortable and works well for about a month . I bought one like this and used it for a few weeks , but after a while it started to not respond at all . This became especially clear with `` James Bond
 I got this controler as a present last christmas . -LSB- ... -RSB- . If you really like gamecube you wo n't be a cheapo and will buy a better controller than this one and it will be VERY worth the extra few dollars . I only use this controller as a last resort if i am having a bunch of friends over , and they make me use it cause they all refuse to . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS
 ... EVEN IF ... LEFT IT IN THE GAMECUBE IT WOULD MESS UP ... OTHER CONTROLLERS AND WHEN -LSB- TAKEN -RSB- IT OUT THE OTHERS WOULD WORK SO DONT GET IT ... BUT IF U WANT TO BE SAFE I SAY STIK WITH STUFF MADE BY GAMECUBE ONLY !!! SEE YA
 I did n't realize that . I am a new and exuberant iMac user , and was eager to play Quake 2 on my system ! Other experienced Mac users may know this , but I did n't realize that the term `` Classic Environment '' is Apple code for `` It does n't work on Macs anymore . '' So instead of a game , I have a coaster .
 I bought this controller a year ago . It busted 9 months ago . If you do the math , the G-force only lasted for 3 months . I thought it would operate just the same as a normal controller , but for a cheaper price . WRONG ! The joystick didnt move with as much ease as my normal controllers and I found absolutely no use whatsoever for the `` auto-fire '' mode . Let me also point out that the Z button trigger , dual vibration motors , and camera sticks are ALL featured in your regular-average - joe Nintendo controls . It 's also bigger than the normal design , which doesnt work to well with my short hands . My advice
 I bought three of these controllers to go with my new game cube , and I have found that it looks nice , but the controls start to mess up after a while . I have had it for a month or two , and all three have begun to go on the fritz . The cursor moves on the screen by its self and is extra sensitive in one direction and hardly moves in the others . It may look good in the packaging , but it is very top heavy and the back is bigger than on the nintendo controller . The turbo button isnt compatable with super smash bros. melee but for some reason the turbo light stays on , no matter how many times the button is pressed . That isnt really much of a problem when compared to the extra weight and size . My solution
 I brought four of the G-Force controllers and three of them broke within 3 & 1/2 months . The A-Button on three of them is stuck down permanently . The fourth controller , which has buttons that are slightly raised , seems to be doing better than the other ones . I did not want to purchase this brand and now I wish I did n't . It 's been less than a year so I will be returning them to the company .
 I Bought this controller about 6 months ago , and it broke in 1 week . It does n't even work with half of the games i 've played . It 's too big , and it is much harder to move the control stick . Every review i read said it broke for them too . There is one other thing that nobody mentioned . The cord for the standard controller is what , 5 feet ? i seriously think this one is three.For anyone buying this to save money , you 're just going to have to pay more money to buy a nintendo brand one when it breaks ! Summarized in three words
 I have had this for six weeks and now it is not working properly . I should have bought it at Wal-mart . Then I could have returned it . Amazon would not let me return it because it has been 30 days since purchase . This item is defective .
 This controller broke after 1 month of play ...
 The controller breaks down within a few days . I 'm not going to waste any more keystrokes on this controller .
 I recently bought a G-force computer from this site and it was awesome ! However after a few days the errors became phenominal . Whenever you move the control-stick , it moves one way or another , but not the one you told it to go . I tried holding the stick in the middle and then playing , but the same thing happened . I returned this product and bought a brand new one and sure enough , in the next few days , the same thing happened.I hate this product but if you like -LSB- bad -RSB- products , then this one 's for you !
 The money saved on it is just not worth it !! Maybe my kids are especially rough on controllers , this one broke within a month . From now on I will only buy accessories from Nintendo . I have learned this lesson the hard way , and more than once with other items that were not made by Ninendo -LRB- especially controllers -RRB- , hoping to save a few $ $ , but in the end ... you spend MORE money to get a decent product that will have much better durability.I do not recommend this product .
 I received this third-party controller for Christmas in 2005 with a 32-meg memory card , and at first the controller worked just fine . After a few months , it started to turn off my Gamecube automatically when I plug it in . I thought my console was busted , but I was wrong . I took it to another fellow student at school and informed me to never trust third-party Gamecube controllers and go with genuine first-party ones . The memory card still works fine today unlike the faulty controller , and they were both made by the same company . Go with first-party controllers , but please stay away from third-party ones even if they are cheaper . It is most likely a scam of quantity vs. quality .
 I have a gamecube , but I have not bought this item yet , but based on the eleven reviews I do n't think this is a very reliable item for the gamecube , believe me if you know what is good for you gamers , you would be better off spending five more dollars and getting a nintendo recomended controller .
 If your looking for an up scaling device this is not it . If your looking for a way to hook your wii into your TV this is great ! Colors and video were as they should be and I have no complaints.Update was working great now only showing black and white images . Have gotten a return label and trying the HDMI converter route now .
 The cables do not fit snugly , resulting in a poor connection , and the picture and sound quality is very poor . Do n't waste your money ; buy better cables
 Warning
 although there are only 2 light gun games for the xbox - this and house of the dead , this game is lame . the graphics are so old and the light sensitivity of the game is horrible . i have the yobo boss blaster pistol and it works incredibly well with HOTD , but with this game , you have to have the brightness turned up so high that you can barely see the screen in order for the light gun to move smoothly across the screen . you cant have ANY background light to play the game . this game is not worth the money - thankfully i used a gift cert from my company to buy this , and not my own money .
 The Trident chipset found in SIIG soundcards is not compatable with digital joysticks without an analog option . This stick also requires MIDI . I was on the phone with Microsoft for an hour before they finally found out why my computer kept crashing and rebooting . I had to restart in safe mode to remove the software.I bought a Turtle Beach sound card and the stick still did n't work because of a loose connecter -- and they say this is well built ? I was on the phone with Microsoft for a half hour cleaning old soundcard drivers out in safe mode and they were to arrogant they never once suggested that there might be something wrong with the product ! They told be that Turtle Beach sound cards were low end and I should get a better one . I said `` wait a minute , Turtle Beach is owned by Voyetra and they make the software for every soundcard ! '' I 'm glad I did n't take their advice . I jiggled the loose connecter and it suddenly started to work . There is no way to screw the connecter into the soundcard.Force feedback does not add much to Flight Simulator . I find the landing gear vibrations annoying and unrealistic . But , it is neat to feel the guns in CFS . You can feel a stall in a dogfight . The rudder twist feature is indispensible for flight simulation , but I would reccommend the less expensive Sidewinder joystick unless you are really into combat.I rate the product a 3 , but their customer service a zero !
 While the features are good and it has a decent degree of reality in the design , Microsoft 's decision not to make it compatible with their own operating system ie , Windows XP rnders it a throw away item . This is just another example of Microsoft 's contempt for their trapped customer base . I notice the current model -LRB- FF2 -RRB- has software to make it compatible with XP , which seems to be FF2 's only real improvement . While I have limited experience with computer joysticks , as a retired fighter pilot with 4,000 + hours in various fighter , fighter bomber and attack aircraft , I would contuine to use their Joysticks if I thought they would support their own products .
 We started with Ultra Mix 2 and were really quite disappointed in the sound quality of Ultra Mix .
 why are there so many 5 star ratings for this game ? come on people lets give some honest and unbiased reviews about this game because other people besides ddr fanatics will be reading these reviews . this game is 3 stars for fun because the first 2 times you play the game its fun to make fun of such a ridiculous game . do not buy this unless you are one of the above ddr fanatics . gets boring in less than 30 minutes of playing unless you are drinking , and in that case you have better things to do then play ddr , and there is no replay value whatsoever . unless you are incredibly gifted the steps and the beats are way too hard to get down anyways . do not buy this for your own good .
 DDR is without a doubt one of the most fun games I 've ever played , and I 've been playing it for a little over two years now . If you want to get into DDR or are into it already and want a new mix , look somewhere else . Good songs in here are a rarity . If you really want to play DDR , get Max , Max2 , or Extreme on the PS2 . If you only have an Xbox and are going to shell out the money for this game anyway , do n't say I did n't warn you .
 The D-pad is very unaccurate and a pain to use.I found it easyer to use the mouse and arrows.Using the floating d pad makes ur thumb hurt after 1 minute ... otherwise the rest of this controller is good .
 All I want is the original MS Gamepad with a USB connector -LRB- instead of the obselete gameport connector -RRB- . This version of the Gamepad has USB , but that 's about all I can find positive to say about it.The D-pad is definitely the worst implementation I 've tried in years . It 's incredibly mushy and difficult to precisely control , so the whole controller causes one wrong move after another . Further exacerbating this problem is that the D-pad is rotated slightly to the right , so the Up directional is pointing to North-Northeast rather than due North.It does have 6 regular buttons , but I still prefer the Microsoft Sidewinder Plug and Play Game Pad USB which has only 4 buttons but a better D-pad . The appearance of the controller is a matter of personal taste , but the attempt at making it some futuristic chrome design fails miserably IMHO with the cheap silverish painted plastic . To me , it looks and feels more like a $ 5 mouse more than a high-end game controller.One other good thing about this controller is that it is USB and the drivers are already pre-installed with Windows 98 and 2000 , so you simply plug it in and go.Still , I stronly recommend you take this controller for a test drive before you buy it .
 After having my gamepad one year , my shooting button got stuck . So I ca n't play anymore with it . I even tried to lubricate it , but does not work.Playing with the gamepad did not hurt my hand , but it could be more confortable.Durability is a problem !
 I played Frogger as a kid on the Atari -LRB- I know , I 'm ancient -RRB- and it was one of my favorite games . Even though graphically speaking this game is a step up from Atari 's Frogger , the game is very frustrating to play . I do n't think I could call it `` fun '' . Story Mode is too long and complicated , and Challenge Mode is okay but you only get two lives ! And trust me it takes about two seconds to use them both up , then you have to start all over . My kids hate this game but I play it occasionally when I 'm feeling nostalgic . Overall I would not buy it again .
 This game does not support multi-player as suggested in the product description . Very disappointing as we have three children who would like to play the game together . The graphics are good and the story line is good , but if your sole intent is to purchase for more than one player , you will be very disappointed . Tech Support for Konami for PS2 is non-existent , so do n't try to look for answers there . It 's too bad we ca n't get our money back . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 My wife ordered one of these pink rechargeable packs for our Xbox 360 controller . We already have the Play-and-Charge kit for two white battery packs that work perfect and we attempted to use it to charge the pink one . It would not charge at all as it would read as a full charge on the play-and-charge cable . Once the cable was removed the controller would shut down in a mater of seconds.We reported this to Amazon and they sent another pink battery pack to replace it . The new one performed just as well . Did not hold a charge . We sent it back as well and received a refund.I believe the pink batteries may be just a bad batch or they are too old to work properly anymore . They were initially made for the Pink Wireless Controller released back in October of 2007 and are now out of print . It 's possible that laying dormant for so long that they do n't work anymore .
 I replaced my old 3rd party battery pack that was two years old with this one . I paid 5 bucks for it and it was was brand new in official Microsoft packaging . Problem is , it lasts maybe 2 hours on a full charge - less than the Nyko one it replaced !!!
 Battery did not last more than 5 seconds after a long attempt at charging before use . Absolute crap . Should have listened to other reviewers . How do I get my money back ???
 Ordered these , even though they are pink , because I did n't trust the off-brand battery packs . They came perfectly packaged and pretty quick delivery , but they just do n't hold a charge , and it really sucks to be playing COD -LRB- or any other game -RRB- , and your controller dies suddenly . Sad ...
 I wish I had read the reviews BEFORE I purchased ... Did n't work at all , did n't even charge at all . The only time it does anything is when the Charge and Play is plugged into the Xbox I can use it while its plugged in but then whats the use of a wireless controller ? . Waste of my money . Hope my review will save someone else .
 Unable to charge the battery with charging cable or charging station . Another standard black battery was bought at the same time , and it had no issues . Battery was defective and returned.I would have contacted Dealer directly to discuss , but couldnt locate that ability in the system . I would prefer not to write a negative review if at all possible .
 These did not work ! They are really old and you can not espect a battery to last very long if you do not charge or uncharge the battery . Complete rip off . Nice try Microsoft ! I hope noone gets these and I strongly encourage people to not buy these !
 I ordered a pink . At $ 5 how could I go wrong ? Well you know what they say about too good to be true . the battery holds about an hour of charge . It also charges really slow -LRB- about 8 hours -RRB- and gets crazy hot when it 's charging , so hot that I 'm concerned that it might start a fire .
 These batteries right out of the packaging will not take a charge . I even ran to Wal-Mart and bought a new charger thinking maybe my wire was bad and still nothing . I am hoping to return and get my money back .
 This comes new in package , the problem is , it is probably about 10 years old . It looks like from reviews it is hit or miss . The one I received would not even begin to charge , so holding a charge is n't even the problem , as many reported . Not sure if I want to keep attempting to see if I get one that works , but I was really hopeful to have a pink one to mess with my girlfriend ...
 I should have read the more recent reviews first instead of just looking at the average . The battery came completely dead and does not charge . Total waste of time and money .
 I ordered this item a few days ago because it was the cheapest 360 batter I came across on amazon , however buyer Buyer Beware , there is a reason this battery was the cheapest and that is because it DID NOT WORK AT ALL !!! I tried the battery with multiple controllers and charges and every time I got the same result , a battery that would not charge . Waste of money do n't bother ordering from this seller unless you want a nonworking battery .
 I ordered 4 of the pink batteries and 3 out of the 4 would not charge . I bought a new charger and same issue . The one battery that does charge does n't hold it as long as my other battery packs . The number of 1 star reviews for this product should set off red flags that there is an issue with this inventory or this product .
 I wish I 'd read the other reviews before purchasing this battery . Evidently the blue and pink batteries ca n't hold a charge . I ended up returning this and purchasing theDreamgear DG360-279 Power Brick Rechargeable Battery Twin Pack for Xbox 360instead . My husband is very happy with the batteries , they actually hold a charge and for only $ 2 , I got 2 batteries instead of 1 .
 I purchased this as an alternative to the white rechargable battery pack and it does n't work right.Don ' t do what I did : -RRB-
 I bought black blue and pink rechargable battery packs and they all fail to keep a charge after a little use ... not worth the money ... better off using non chargable batteries ... lkast longer ... the white original pack seems to be the only one that works long enough and thats not for ever ... what happened to quality ... ????
 Ordered a blue one despite the bad reviews and it failed to hold a charge , the replacement did the same . Stay away .
 well , it came &#34; brand new &#34; in the package and everything , but it would not accept a charge when I plugged it in . now I know why it was so cheap .
 Arrived within a week , DOA . Nothing more other than very disappointed ... later ibrobbed the batteries out of it and put some different rechargeable in it and works like a charm now .
 I bought one for my wife , and apparently they are known to be defective . Do n't be lulled in by the low price .
 Made in china . However cost reflects american made . How do you spell greed . Might as well buy the cheap brand , as long as its not pink .
 These batteries are dated from 2007 . Old stock that is Dead on arrival . Had to return . Total waste of time .
 All 360 controller battery packs die too quickly I bought two of the pink ones because they were about $ 8 each as opposed to buying a black one which for some reason was $ 20 . The charge lasted pretty long but after about 2 months it would n't hold a charge anymore and I was back to plugging my controller in . Honestly unless your TV is like 100ft away from you , just keep your controller plugged in and screw the wireless battery packs . Not worth it .
 I ordered 2 pink batteries for my xbox 360 controllers . They are completely dead and wo n't charge . These do not work at all !
 Not a bad deal for only 5 bucks . But the battery is shot will only stay charged for 20 min , maybe
 DO NOT BUY THESE . These are old stock and the batteries are completely dead and will not hold a charge . The only reason they have so many good reviews is because they date back to 2006 when they were actually new stock . Batteries can not last 4 years without being charged/discharged . Repeat do not buy !
 Bought two of the blue ones . Unboxed 'em , and did n't have a chance to use them . Threw out the packaging.Then tried them . They do n't hold any charge ; the controller immediately powers off as soon as it 's unplugged.They 're worse than no battery at all , mainly since I paid for these , and could have saved the money . What the hell ?
 I ordered a blue battery and it was totally defective . I got a replacement from amazon and the replacement was defective too !!! Then I ordered another replacement and guess what happened?Amazon told me that all of the blue batteries are broken and they will give me a refund instead of a third replacement !!! I do n't know why they sell them if they are all the same . ?! To keep hold on some money for a while ?
 I ordered the blue pack despite reading the bad reviews ... big mistake . They do not hold the charge , as soon as you unplug it from the charge wire , the controller shuts off ... DO NOT BUY !
 I bought this so I could cut down on wasting batteries . However , to my dismay it does not work . I plugged it in with my charger cable and it says it 's fully charged . If I unplug it , my controller shuts off . It ca n't hold any charge at all . I read some other reviews and saw that multiple people had the same problem . I would say it 's best to just avoid this product .
 got the blue battery pack , and as listed above ... IT DOES NOT HOLD CHARGE ... once you unplug it from the charge wire , the controller shuts off ... DON NOT BUY , I REPEAT DO NOT BUY
 For some reason I did n't read the reviews before purchasing this item , I will never make that mistake again . These are new old stock and because they are so old they no longer work . I plugged mine in for 8 hours immediately after receiving it and left it untouched that entire time . As soon as I removed the Play and Charge cable the controller went completely dead . This battery wo n't even hold a 1 second charge . Complete waste of money .
 The battery never worked and I bought to different ones ... both did n't hold a charge both did n't turn on my contrioller ... I was highly upset but what can you do ?
 These pink batteries are freaking worthless . They wo n't charge up at all . They are totally dead . I got two of these worthless things for $ 18 total . I 'm trying to get a refund . The people who sell these pink batteries must know about this . They are selling us defective products , probably hoping we wo n't try to get our money back .
 I just got one of the batteries to go with my plug and play so both my son and I can play , but that 's not how it worked out . I put the Battery on to charge and it switches to a green light almost instantly to say it 's charged . I unplug it and it dies less than a minute later . Tried it a few more times and still no luck . I guess I could still return it , but at $ 8 it 's not really going to be worth waiting to get a replacement in two or more weeks . I 'm just disappointed . There are plenty of reviews that say the batteries are old and wo n't work and some that say their 's worked great , guess I 'm not one of the lucky ones .
 simply put ... its cheaper to just buy some energizer nimh 's . They charge faster , last longer and cost half as much . dont waste your money on this `` microsoft '' endorsed money grabber .
 The pink version of this battery wo n't hold a charge - or even pretend to take one . The light on the charger never turns on and if you unplug it - power off . Amazon was nice about taking it back .
 I purchased the blue battery pack , and like other late comers to this product , the battery will NOT hold a charge ! I tossed it . If you can , buy locally . For a couple of dollars more , both Best Buy and Gamestop have great options that actually work .
 I purchased this battery pack after my first rechargeable battery lost its power completely . This -LRB- and the previous XBOX battery -RRB- lasted only a few months . Also the Plug-n-Charge kit wire does not work properly either . The battery , when it decides to charge , can hold a lot of gaming time on one charge . Save time and money ... buy some Energizer or some other brand recharchable batteries , that way you could even use those on other household items e.g. flashlights , remote controls . Not a good investment .
 Do not buy the Pink batteries.They are old and will not charge , you will have to return them . The stock appears to be very old .
 the MS brand battery is the best on the market . battery lasts a pretty long time . love the quick charge time . do n't think they sell these on the market anymore by themselves -LRB- includes Toys R Us , Target , Walmart , Gamecrazy , Gamestop , Best Buy , Fred Meyer , etc -RRB- . stock up . i have 4 . Edit
 My battery pack is now dead after 6 months . I bought the Play and Charge Kit and it 's just another Microsoft product that has failed me . I 'm on my 2nd Xbox 360 and 4th headset . Now I 'm on my 2nd battery pack after I go and buy a new one . I can still play with the controller plugged in , but it does not recharge the battery anymore for wireless play .
 I have now purchased three rechargeable batteries . At first I was extremely happy with my rechargeable batteries . Plug them into your 360 and the next day they were recharged . I 've had two of them for over a year and now they do n't ever want to charge up . They only last for about two hours before they die . I can honestly say I will not purchase another set . This is pathetic a one year life on rechargeable batteries . I do n't like the idea that I have to buy new rechargeable batteries every year .
 Why buy a rechargable battery pack , when you could just buy more veristal -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- rechargable batteries ? The charger is sold separately , so it just does n't make sense.Don ' t believe me ? See how much two battery packs and a charger cost ; then check out the cost for 4 AA rechargable batteries and a charger .
 I 've had 2 rechargeable battery packs that wont hold a charge . These things are junk just like my 360 . I honestly got about 5 charges from one battery pack before it failed . The other battery pack holds about 20 minutes for a full charge . My suggestion is to buy rechargeable batteries from any other company than Microsoft . This review may sound like I have a lot of hostility towards Microsoft . I 've had about every problem that could ever go wrong with my 360 console since I purchased it . Microsoft denies all problems and tries to blame problems on the customer or the game manufacturer . If I could do it all over again I would have purchased a PS3 .
 These things die too quickly . The manufacturer also must be sending out defectives . One of mine only worked for a day before dying . Stick to the wired cables if you do n't want to keep on buying batteries .
 I bought the pink battery pack for my pink controller , despite the bad reviews . Now , I should note that I had a problem with the original -LRB- AA -RRB- battery pack for my pink controller after awhile , so I had thought it * could * be a problem with the controller . I did find some youtube videos online about how to fix the battery contacts , so it seems like that has been an issue for some people , but after playing around with that for awhile , that did not seem to be the problem with mine.After installing the pink battery pack , it looks like the controller charges , but it will never work unless it is plugged in , no matter how long it charges . However , I can still use my white rechargeable pack -LRB- purchased elsewhere -RRB- and the original white AA battery pack -LRB- that came with the white controller -RRB- with the pink controller . While it is nice to have everything match , the controller is useless if the battery does n't work , so I recommend just buying the white one . No one is really going to notice that the back does n't match .
 Should have listened to other reviews . This pink rechargeable battery pack will not hold a charge . Charged using play and charge kit . It charged fast , too fast . Went dead after a couple hours of play . Recharged , same result . Not good .
 WTF . Mine black pack arrived dead on arrival . It wo n't hold a charge . Not cool . Guess I 'll be returning it -LRB- if possible since I already tried using it , and possibly threw away the packaging -RRB- . Grrrrrr ...
 do n't mind that they 're pink as a battery 's a battery . 1 of 3 was DOA and the other 's do n't live long ; must be a reason they 're cheap !
 I bought one pink battery . I connected the battery to the charger and right away it said it was charged , I removed the charger and the battery went dead , I contacted the seller for this item and they sent me a replacement battery the SECOND battery did the exact same thing ! none of these batteries work I bet ! You guys will lose many customers with these products . THANKS FOR NOTHING now I have to have my controller connected to a cable all the time ! > : -LRB-
 worked great for a couple weeks then the lifespan just deteriorated until there was naught but a few minutes left . also i think it interfered with the left trigger because when i replaced it with a new battery pack , the left trigger worked just fine .
 Battery does not hold a charge . Due not buy . Stay away ! Battery is likely very old even though it came in sealed package
 Bought 2 of these to replace the original NiMH 's that came with my Play and Charge -LRB- white -RRB- that had outlived their useful lives . Got the blue ones because Amazon had them cheaper than the white ones ... now I know why.Neither one of these blue ones charges properly on the Play and Charge kit ; although they do charge they also get EXTREMELY hot , which puts them into a death spiral that convinces the 360 that they 're never fully charged . Really disappointed in them since they 're supposed to be OEM batteries .
 I received it one day after I ordered it but the problem is that it does n't work at all . I was dead when i got it & does n't charge . The light from the plug & play cord will not even come on for this battery pack but it works for my other one .
 Do n't waste your money on this product we got it and it did not work . Returned it and was refunded for the product .
 We ordered two battery packs . One appears to be working for the time being , but the other will not take a charge at all . Looking at the packaging these have been sitting on a shelf somewhere for a while and I 'm now concerned the battery pack that is working will not for long .
 Never worked . Would not charge . I own several of these Xbox 360 Rechargeable battery packs in various colors . I am familiar with their operation and know my charging cables work .
 I recently ordered a blue battery pack and it would not hold a charge at all . It would work with the charge and play kit , but once unhooked forget it . Maybe that 's why the price is so low ...
 I got the pink battery pack for my girlfriend 's pink controller , only to find it ca n't charge and is defective . I was glad to look over the reviews and see people have the same exact problem . So please do yourself a favor and do NOT purchase .
 So far this battery is living up to the rest of the reviews . If something is to good to be true then it is . i got this battery because after fours years of having my original battery packs they are lasting no more than 30 minutes . Saw these on here and figure i would order one and see how it it is . My battery i just got with my new silver controller will last me at least a week worth of playing this one last me about a days worth . You get what you pay for ... . spend the extra cash and a white battery . I bought the pink one
 Dead on arrival . Not sure why . It was brand new in packaging . But yeah it was dead on arrival : -LRB-
 I bought two of these and neither hold a charge . I guess they are old . Save your money and buy new batteries only .
 These are great , but as mentioned before , they die . I 've had three , all different colors , and they all stopped working . Do not buy . Just use regular rechargeable batteries .
 I wish I did n't throw the packaging out because I would have returned this in a heart beat . The battery pack worked fine out of the box , but after recharging it ; it no longer works . Tried it 3 Xbox 360 controllers and it ca n't power a single one . Usually the batteries last for years , not days .
 I have other rechargeable battery packs and have tested them , but this one wo n't hold a charge . I have tried charging it multiple ways . It does n't work . Do n't buy it . Unfortunately , I waited until after the return date to open it because I have been too busy to use it . Now I am out ten bucks . Thanks
 These batteries are dead , do not hold charge past 30 minutes , do n't even bother . I 'd give it zero stars if I could .
 thee will not hold a charge and one wont even recharge at all . after only 3 months . i still have my original batteries from 5 years ago and they are fine . these suck . do not buy
 This was the only thing I ever bought that was 100 % defective . Selling for $ 5 , I should have known better . Terrible .
 It did n't work . After reading the reviews from other buyers -LRB- after it was too late -RRB- I found that other people had received faulty packs . My mistake , for the $ 7 I spent I did n't even try to return it .
 Thought I 'd give this pink battery pack a try because it was cheap . I read the negative reviews , but saw some positive reviews that were only a month or 2 old and figured I 'd give it a shot . As many others have said , the pink battery would n't hold a charge . I tried multiple controllers with multiple charging cables and had the same result . Sending it back for a refund .
 Absolute crap . It will not hold a charge . I did n't get to use it until a month after I bought it so I am out of luck . Waste of 7 bucks .
 I thought it was cheap because it was pink , but it also does not hold a charge ... . at all . Waste of money and the cost to return it would be more than it cost in the first place .
 We were happy with the cost and shipping of the battery . We put it on the charger , which was also new and charged our other battery fine . But when we put it in the controller , the battery never worked . The battery never charged and therefore never worked in any controller we tried it with.This was a defective product.Xbox 360 Rechargeable Controller Battery Pack Pink
 The Pink batteries do not work . At least they do not work in black/white controllers . It is ridiculous that they sell these . Myself and several of my friends have bought these with the same results ... they just do not work . Make sure the battery you buy has been manufactured from at least 2010 .
 I have bought 4 Blue packs and 4 pink packs and have now problems with them . I took them all out of the pack to verify they worked and then put the pink ones away to use at a later date . The blue ones have survived Heavy gamer use for the last 2 years and while they do n't hold a charge for as long as they did new they still hold a great charge . I would definitely recommend them . * Edit
 It did n't hold a charge at all ! I bought two of these and none of them held a charge . This just is n't worth it for me . I bought another battery even if it did n't match the color of the controller .
 Should have read the reviews , this is the first amazon product i got that is completely not working and why in the world is it still selling , with false info , this doesnt hold charge and is completely deadvery disappointed
 I dont recommend these packs for gamers . Mine quit working within a month . People dont know though , that you can bust open these and take the batteries out and charge them in a normal battery charger . I recommend buying the rechargeable batteries and doing it that way .
 Like others have said , these are old batteries and some of them will work others will not . If you are tempted by the low price and choose to ignore the warnings then be sure to buy several so you improve the chances of getting one that works . I bought four and three worked , at least for now . I do n't expect them to last for years .
 I bought four of the pink batteries and returned three of them as they did n't hold a charge . The one I kept gets very hot when charging , so I 'll probably just chuck that one and call it a day .
 Total Garbage . I bought these based on the review score without reading other 1 Stars.I tried one of the Pink ones and it did n't work at all . Plugged it in and charged for a few seconds . Held that charge afterwords for about ten seconds then nothing . These batteries do n't work anymore at all they are way too old .
 Received two pink rechargeable batteries still sealed . But one of the batteries will not charge and does not work.Buyer Beware , I had bought these for my daughter , but if I have to rate the product , I would say that overall I am very dissastisfied with my order , and for the money that I spent on these , they should both work .
 Bought two blue ones . They 're garbage . They do n't hold a charge and the controller shuts off as soon as its unplugged .
 I 've gone through two of these battery packs already . Both died in a little under a year . I expected them to last longer . Yeah you might want to consider buying a bulk pack of AA batteries . Thats what im thinking of doing .
 I have had a battery for my white controller for several years and hav n't had any problems . I bought a pink controller and i did n't use it for a few weeks and it would n't hold a charge anymore . So i bought another one which i uses on a more regular basis , and it stopped holding a charge and it 's only been a few months . I kept it plugged up for like a day , and it starting working again like normal . It worked for about two weeks and now it wo n't charge again . I can keep it plugged up for hours and as soon as i unplug it it cuts off . I would give my white battery pack five stars , but the pink one is junk .
 People - do n't buy this product . It 's a complete rip off for 2 reasons.First of all , the batteries do not hold a charge at all . If you let this sit around for even just one week without using it , all the juice will be gone.Second , it 's no cheaper than standard rechargeable batteries , so why not just use those to begin with ? Not only will they work better , but you can also use them with any other product . This battery pack is propietary and only works with 360 controllers . If it was insanely awesome battery time it might be worth it , but it 's not , so do n't waste your money !
 batteries would not charge brand new because there new pink i dont know fit chargers and controllers would not recommend
 I bought these for my husband for Christmas and he finally started using them about 2 weeks ago . He charged them before he started using them , but a day and a half later -LRB- 3 hours of use time -RRB- , they stopped working . He tried to charge them again , but they again lasted only a day . Now , a week later , they do n't hold a charge at all . The only way the controllers work is when they are plugged in , making the batteries completely useless . Avoid these at all costs .
 Like many other fools sucked in by the low price , I purchased the Pink Battery Pack as I do not care what color the batter pack is , as I have no reason to look at it while I 'm playing , just as long as it functions properly . This one does not . I do n't know if it is as other reviewers have said , that the pink packs are old stock and for that reason will not function , but this battery will not charge and will not hold a charge . I have tried to get it to work for several days now and it will not power a controller . BUYER BEWARE ! Do n't get sucked in by the price like I did.I am attempting to return it for a refund now . We 'll see how that goes .
 This piece of garbaged worked for a month , then stopped charging . Then the customer service said I could n't return it , but I explained how much money I spend with amazon and decided to make an exception . I also got a pink battery pack off of this which did n't work . Do n't waste your money . I still have battery packs that are years old that work ... These must have been sitting in the incorrect atmosphere .
 This is not a true XBox 360 rechargeable battery . You have to plug into the battery to charge . Does NOT work with XBox 360 charging base . It works but I would rather have one that worked with the charging base like my other 3 batteries .
 it lasted only 20 minutes at a time it kept falling out of the controller and it took a whole month to get here
 I purchased this for my son 's Xbox controller -LRB- I bought a pink one so that no one would steal it -LSB- as there are other Xbox 's and controllers in my house -RSB- -RRB- and it does not &#34; charge &#34; it has to be plugged in in order to use it , and I know it is not the charging cord because it works on other controllers , and on this controller with other batteries . It just does not work with this battery .
 Battery died after maybe a month of VERY light use . As in , I charged it a few times , played games maybe 10 times total , and now it wo n't hold a charge . It 's not the charge cable , not the controller , it 's the battery .
 I made a mistake by not fully reading the reviews and just looking at the stars . I bought these because of the price . At first I thought it was fully charging then next thing you know it dies . Then now I read the reviews and I 'm not alone . I rather buy rechargeable triple A batteries than this . Will be getting a refund . I literally went in the trash to get the packaging .
 After reading reviews some were good some were bad I thought I would take my chance on getting a good battery pack . It came in the mail well , it was still in an original package but it couldnt hold a charge . Im glad i didnt spend much money on this because its not worth buying or tesitng to see if you get one that does hold a charge . Its worthless .
 Bought this battery before reading the reviews and when I received it the battery is dead and wo n't charge at all . It wo n't even let the controller turn on while plugged in.I assumed the low price was just because people did n't want a pink battery but apparently its because the company knows they are worthless .
 I got this cheap for my charge station as a cheap alternative and I was sorely disappointed when it could n't hold a charge straight out of the box , not worth returning or buying .
 Completely dead , out of the package . The product does not work , they are much too old to still be any good . Do not buy .
 This thing did not hold charge or even charge for that matter . These things are old and expired . You can risk buying one to see if it works and then returning it if you want . I took a chance and it failed so I returned it .
 Does n't charge and when I sent them back I still to this day Havent gotten my money back . I should have read the reviews first : - -LRB-
 Like so many others here , mine was DOA . It would not take a charge . Do n't waste your time or money .
 Bought this battery and it was faulty would n't even charge . It 's a joke that these are still sold on here seeing sooo many bad reviews .
 I really should make a habit of reading item reviews before making a purchase . If I had I 'd have known these were complete garbage . Totally non-functional .
 I bought this for my wife 's pink controller , and it held a charge ... once . After that it would not hold a charge . It may have just been old stock . I did not think about returning it at the time , but I would now if I still had it .
 I ordered two of these `` rechargeable '' battery packs new and sealed because they were cheap -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- . I opened the first one , and it worked for a month or so , until the recharge light remained green on the play and charge cable no matter what the battery level . Because the battery was n't holding a charge , my wireless controller would power down seconds after I unplugged the controller from the charge cable . I just opened the second one today -LRB- July 29th -RRB- , and it was stillborn . I got absolutely no use out of it , and since I bought these in February , I ca n't return them . That 's why I 've got to at least warn others of this old/defective battery scam , because if people have to buy new rechargeable batteries every 2 months , even at $ 5 each , it 's going to end up costing you more than your Xbox Gold membership .
 These batteries do not hold a charge at all . I bought 4 of them total , and 3 were crap . It was a waste of time . If you need batteries , look at the Xbox 360 controller batteries in a 2 pack black . They are about $ 20 , but they work .
 These are old stock . They no longer have any charge . Do not buy . Spend the extra money for the newer batteries that actually work .
 Amazon and/or Microsoft are knowingly and willingly selling defective products . There is no other reason for the price difference between blue/pink batteries and white/black batteries . Many people have complained about the blue/pink battery packs not working properly and Amazon is continuing to lower the price to get rid of them . DO NOT BE A SUCKER !!!! I bought three of these and none will charge using two different play and charge kits , four different wireless controllers , and two different consoles .
 I 'm not one to do many reviews , but I felt I needed to write one for this product.The batteries themselves work fine with constant use . Eventually , they wo n't hold a charge as well and sooner or later will no longer hold a charge . In the 3 years I 've had my Xbox 360 , I 've gone through 3 of these batteries . The first one took about a year a half to die . The second one -LRB- for an additional controller I had -RRB- took about the same time . The third one I bought died in about 9 months since I purchased it . What gives?They refuse to hold a charge ! The play and charge kit , as well as the quick charge kit , will immediately note that the batteries are fully charged when you plug them in . They obviously are not.I have a set of NiMH rechargable batteries that are over 6 years old and they still hold a charge , albeit not as long as they use to.I understand that Microsoft states the need for replacing these batteries over time ... However , why waste the -LSB- ... -RSB- on these when you can buy a set of four really awesome Energizer NiMH rechargable batteries for the same price and can be used on TWO controllers ?
 I thought I was smarter than everyone else . I read one of the reviews that said if you attempt to recharge the battery multiple times , the battery will eventually begin recharging . I put this in my controller and tried to recharge it . Red light never went on . I pulled out the charging cord and put it back in . Nothing . I retried this 20 or 30 times and it never worked . These batteries are dead .
 Length :
 The first one I got would n't charge , and thanks to Amazon not offering an exchange on this item I had to return it and pay for new shipping . I was not happy with that . Once I got the second one in it worked like a charm .
 The product arrived as described brand new in its packaging . However , We 've noticed that the available play time for the battery is extremely short -LRB- sometimes only lasting for a few hours -RRB- , especially when compared to our other rechargable battery . However , I think this is a case of a defective product manufactured by Microsoft rather than a problem from the seller . My experience with rechargable batteries in general has beena good one , but this specific item seems to have problems .
 I an very familiar with xbox charger packs and the usual problems with charger cables . This white battery pack I purchased will only charge for about 20 second intervals and stop . It is unusable .
 These batteries were a gamble and since only one of two holds a charge I 'd have to say you 're better off purchasing the recent stock batteries whick look to only come in black .
 was so excited to have this pink rechargeable controller battery pack ordered it on an impluse and waisted my time . It came in the mail in reasonable time but when we went put in my controller and charge it , the pack was defective or dead . it wo n't charge and now it sits in my junk drawer . what a waste .
 I thought this was a great deal since I did not need a controller - just another battery . The battery will not charge . I put it in the charger and after 5 to 10 minutes the charging light goes out . It does this every time I put it in the charger . I would return it but unfortunately I threw out the packaging . I would rate this a minus if I could .
 The first fishy thing I had with this product is that it came within a ziploc bag , not the usual hard plastic the Microsoft Batteries come in . I even thought that it was a battery ripoff , but it actually had the MS hologram , so could well be an already used battery . No problem so far as long as it worked , which did well for two months , and yesterday it just stopped charging . They may be a used lot , refurbished , or plain and simple and old and dry useless lot . I 've read many complaints about them , but thought that it could be some that come bad , but it results that most , if not all , are bad . I really do no recommend buying this .
 Does n't hold a charge ... NO PURCHASE . . sometimes it looks like it might hold charge . Xbox shows that it 's a full charge than you play and Boom ` RECONNECT CONTROLLER ''
 bought this battery six months ago and now it will hold no charge , should have known better than to buy a recharge battery for $ 5 .
 This company NEVER mailed my purchase n after many emails I chalked it up to a lesson learned I will Never use them again .
 Bought these because I thought they were a steal at $ 5.00 . Should 've exercised more caution . Purchased two and put them into my standard MSFT brand 360 battery charger . Both do not work at all . Avoid the pink !
 Ordered the black xbox 360 rechargeable battery pack from this company . IT DID NOT WORK ! Would not charge or have any sign of power . Also , I rattled the battery pack around and I could hear pieces were broken within the battery pack . Although I am in the process of returning it and getting my money back I WOULD NOT recommend this company.DO NOT BUY FROM THEM !!!!
 Ordered 2 , one was DOA the other died . THese are not new , the batteries are very old on them . Save your money DO NOT BUY . They are sent it plastic bags , not microsoft packaging . Amazon really needs to clean this listing up .
 Will not hold a charge at all . Waste of money and effort to try and return.Maybe you will get lucky , But I did not .
 I should have read all the reviews . I bought two and they wo n't charge - no light at all . I repeatly removed and then inserted the batteries in the charger and only one charged . I 'm using the MS double charger . The one that was charged I will try to use . The one that wo n't charge I threw out.I really hope that MS did not sell these as a surplus to a distributor.YOU GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR .
 I Thought for $ 5 it would atleast work . It does not and will not even hold a charge . Do not waste the effort buying the pink one !
 Will not hold a charge at all . Waste of money and effort to try and return.Maybe you will get lucky , But I did not .
 I have had to return two of these batteries , both are dead , dead , dead . They will not hold a charge . Amazon says they will be looking into this problem as I was not to happy when I contacted customer service . Just do n't waste your money , and more importantly your time . I thought this was a good deal . Turns out its not . Really , do n't buy this .
 again , like everyone else says do n't buy these thinking you can use em . If your buying them for modding/swapping batteries out with new rechargeable ones itll work just fine . Otherwise , totally useless !
 do n't buy the pink batteries -LRB- even at $ 0.50 -RRB- . I bought two at $ 5.00 because i did n't really care about color and thought saving $ 10 - 20 was worth having pink batteries . they either wo n't hold a charge at all , or drain in less than an hour and need a new charge .
 I can agree with the others that recently complained about them being defective . My battery was dead on arrival and also would n't hold a charge . I knew this price was too good to be true .
 Grant , I got them from two different sellers and both were fullfilled by Amazon , but the batteries would not hold a charge long enough to wirelessly connect to my Xbox . I thought it was a fluke , but after I received the second battery -LRB- from another vendor -RRB- and had the same problem , I knew it was more wide-spread problem . I 'm getting my money back shortly -LRB- 1/11/2011 -RRB- , but it was very disappointing , and far more trouble than it was worth . I wound up going to Best Buy and purchasing from a store I could just drive it back to if I had a problem . Of course , I had no problem , and I now have a third `` Play and Charge '' cord , because they do n't sell just the battery . That said , the price was still $ 20.00 which is what most of the other , non-blue batteries here cost . What happened to Amazon having the same quality , same product for less ?
 We bought the Quick Charge Kit as well as an additional battery pack . We average 1-3 hours of play a week . The battery packs worked great for about six months . Then , they no longer held a charge ; not even a small charge . They just died . This set-up cost over $ 70 and lasted 6 months ! Microsoft , get some integrity and a conscience .
 Received this as a Christmas gift . Unpacked it , put it in my controller , according to the battery status on my 360 it was about 2/3 charged . Played for 5 minutes and it died . Plugged in the USB charging cord through the 360 , the red `` charging '' LED flashed over to green in about 2 minutes , checked the battery status indicator through my 360 , showed 2/3 charged still . Unplugged the cable , turned off the 360 , turned it back on , turned on the controller with the charging cable unplugged , status showed 1 bar . Plugged in the charging cable , and again , the red `` charging '' LED flashed over to green after about a minute or 2 . Had other things to do so when I came to it again the next day I plugged in the charging cable and it stayed red while I played a game for an hour or so , turned off the 360 , left the charging cable plugged in so it charged while the console was off , * STILL * flashed over to green about a minute after powering down the console . Next time I played I actually got about an hour of wireless game play out of it before it died . Plugged in a DIFFERENT charging cable , same result , LED flashed green after a minute or 2 of being plugged in . I 've got 3 controllers and 2 charging cables , the controller and charging cable are the same ones I 've been using for the past 8 months and the battery this one replaced has been used that long as well and never had a single problem with that battery holding a charge so I 'm fairly confident it 's neither the controller nor the cable . Will be working to get a replacement , if the replacement works fine , I 'll update this review.EDIT
 I ordered two of these batteries from amazon for $ 10 each . Unfortunately , after charging them , both died less than 30min later . They may have been old .
 I like the Micro $ oft charger and battery but I have one that is fairly new which hardly holds a charge . Think I paid $ 12 for mine but now they are $ 20 ... these things are like two double AA batteries . I hate to say ... I switching back to AA instead of dumping more money in the micro $ oft train .
 I bought one of these for each of my four controllers . They held a charge for a few weeks , not for nearly as long as previous packs I 've had which have lasted years . Now they wo n't even hold a charge for a second . If I unplug the controller it dies instantly.Ridiculous waste of money .
 WE HAVE 4 XBOX CONTROLLERS WE NEEDED TO REPLACE ONE OF OUR 4YEAR OLD BATTERY PACS . . THE NEW ONE WONT TAKE A CHARGE NO MATTER WHAT WE DO . PLUG UNPLUG AND TRY AGIAN ... JUST DEAD OLD STOCK ...
 At the price I really hoped they would be good . I even tried charging them up several times they just would n't hold a charge longer than 5 minutes .
 I have bought multiple and not a single one works , ever . Sick of messing with it not even a one star .
 I purchased a pair of these , and thought it was strange that they charged in about 15 minutes . Well , that 's because they only LAST about 15 minutes per charge as well . I think these have been sitting around for a couple years , from back when the pink controllers were actually sold in stores.So do n't worry about color-coding your battery packs to controllers ... you 're better off buying batteries for CURRENT controller colors .
 I knew that the pink controllers came out a long time ago but I had figured that buying one of these batteries to match my wife 's controller would be perfect and they were a greal deal at only $ 5 . However after charging it overnight on the `` official '' microsoft charger and placing it in the controller it only lasted one play session . The next day , tried to use it and nothing ... no power or even a low batt light on the controller . These are probably left over old stock from back in 2006-7 when thery came out . Do not buy unless you just want a cheap batt to charge and play once per day . But really , why would you ? I also purchased the Nyko ones and they are great !
 I purchased this along with the X-Box 360 Quick Charge Kit . The Quick Charge Kit comes with a battery and I purchased the pink rechargeable battery as a spare . The pink battery would not hold a charge . It was super cheap , so obviously there was a reason for it . The battery that came with the Quick Charge Kit worked great . Beware of the pink batteries , they are defective .
 I bought 2 of these battery packs and 1 of them doesnt charge at all . Unfortuatly I threw away package but thankfully , it was cheap .
 There 's a reason they 're so cheap ... I bought 4 . 2 of them held a partial charge for a little while .
 Looked like a great counterpart to the pink controller I bought my girlfriend for christmas , until I tried to juse it and it would n't even start charging . I tried several xboxes , controllers , and cables , but could n't get it to start charging , rendering my purchase a complete waste of money . I may have gotten a bad unit , but it seems pretty silly for it not to work at all even when it is brand new in official microsoft packaging . Hopefully I hear back from the seller soon about receiving a replacement and/or a refund .
 I ordered this product from THECONSOLEREPAIRGUY and received a standard AA battery pack it also says that this is a Microsoft product and of course its not its some cheap knock off . i would be OK with this if it had stated that it was a AA battery pack in the product description but it did n't . no where did i read it was a AA battery pack until i say saw a comment on the invoice that came with i that said `` AA type '' on top of saying its rechargeable which it is not .
 This wheel works very well , when it works . Installation was easy , and I was very happy with the wheel the first few times I used it . After that , my machine would not recognize the device . I am running a Dell 1GHz with 128MB and an NVIDIA GeForce Ultra with 64 MB . I know my way around computers , but nothing would get the device to work again . Now I find that this is not an uncommon problem . I feel as if Microsoft has once again slipped one over on us .
 I have had problems from the start with this steering wheel . Sometimes Windows -LRB- 98 -RRB- recognizes this device and when it does , it works fine ; however more times then not I have to spend hours re-loading drivers , re-booting , etc. . to get this to work -LRB- if win98 recognizes this device it will be listed by clicking the game controller icon from the control panel window -RRB- . Problem is its a USB device which means its plug and play . Once I intially install the device it should work 100 % of the time . I have a gravis USB game pad as well as a USB scanner both work great so I know the problem is not with the computer -LRB- which is a month old -RRB- nor the USB port -LRB- s -RRB- but with the steering wheel . When I attempted to contact Microsoft to troubleshoot the only way they would talk to me was if I paid $ 35 . I could not even contact them via email ! Needless to say I am returning this product . I have no intention of ever owning another microsoft product other then want comes pre-loaded on my current and future PC 's . If they can not offer free online support for their customer 's I can not recommend any of their products escpecially for products less then 30 days old !
 This game may be great if it works . I have owned a number of EA games such as NHL 2001 and 2002 , which worked great . The latest arrival from EA simply does not work , so I would like to offer a few words of caution . First , do n't trust EA system requirements on the box . You may later find that your NVIDIA RIVA TNT2 is not supported . You may be able to start the game , but it would be slow and choppy . Second , do n't rush to upgrade your card . I now have GeForce4 MX420 card and the game still does not start , even after having all the latest drivers/updates/patches applied . My computer far exceeds minimum system requirements . A number of people complained about similar problems , so my case is not unique . I sincerely hope that EA would address these issue , but there is no guarantee . Thoughts of the refund request are about to materialize ... Buy this game at your own risk ! New club members are welcome !
 A fitting punishment to the creators of this game would be to play this game in hell . I 'm not even going to talk about the lack of realisitc player stats -LRB- Darius Vassell faster than Michael Owen ? Claudio `` Piojo '' Lopez slower than EVERYONE on his team ?? -RRB- and that you ca n't adjust them . I 'm not going to mention the persistent lack of the Argentine and Dutch leagues -LRB- but we do get the Swiss league ! YES ! ... -RRB- or other minor errors . What truly sets this game apart is the playability.Its horrible . Absolutely horrible . The game 's `` one touch '' system rarely works . Your players NEED to dribble with the ball no matter what . Of course , the game also delays things so badly , you might have passed in ten seconds . If you want to run forward , and keep hitting forward , you will not be able to stop . Period . The game assumes that if you hit forward 8 times , you will do that no matter what . This creates incredibly stupid results - you ca n't shoot when you realize the keeper is coming out , because you 've committed yourself to dribbling . So what 's the choice ? You lose both ways.You also ca n't head the ball - I 've yet to win a header off a corner after playing for about 8 days . Not one . Defensive or offensive . The system for switching players is awful - you rarely get the player you want , or even the one closest to the ball . It once took me 5 switches to get the player closest to the opponent 's striker -LRB- who had the ball -RRB- . By that time he had scored.Oh yes , defense . Quite cleverly , your team wo n't play it . Lets say your man beats you - there will be no help . 3 opponents could be running down the middle of the pitch with the goal at their mercy , but your fullbacks will not move . They have to protect the flanks , you see . Very clever.The passing system is terrible . Half the time the passes go nowhere , or to completely bizarre locations . I 've passed the ball right/forward , and it went left . How ? Oh , and the nice idea of `` runs '' that fifa 2002 came up with ? Well , its really gone . Your players will never make runs on their own . Yes , you can tell your player to make runs , but only one , and by the time you wind up for a through pass -LRB- as if it will connect -RRB- your opponent will have had the ball for seconds . In a game that moves this fast you simply ca n't afford to control more than one player at once.Its difficult to describe the frustration this game creates -LRB- there are angles from which you can never get a shot on goal , but the opponent will score regularly -RRB- or the things that go wrong . For instance - here 's a fun idea . You 're trying to tackle an opponent using the D button . That 's also the shoot button . Once you tackle him , because you hit D twice -LRB- trying desperately to make up for that awful defense -RRB- your player will shoot . No matter where . One would assume you want different things once you have control of the ball , but you 'd be wrong . The game knows better , you see.Before I lay this to rest , I have one final complaint . Why is outrunning anyone impossible ? I played a game where Owen was on a breakaway and was caught by Laurent Blanc . From about 10 feet behind . I , meanwhile , lost a footrace as Marcel Desailly , to Jan Koller . Yes , the same Jan Koller who 's 6 ' 6 and 250 pounds . I guess he 's faster than one of the best defenders in the world.Don ' t buy this game . Unless you LIKE torture . In that case , I could n't reccomend anything better .
 This game is good only for kids , very funny gameplay.I 'm very surprised when i see it gets more than 2 stars.I 'd like to advise soccer fans to play winning eleven series of KONAMI . EA do n't realise that in soccer games , gameplay is more important than graphic.In Fifa 2003 , the gameplay is very static , after 3 weeks of playing , the style of scoring is repeat again and again , so bad .
 I ca n't seem to figure out exactly why everyone is raving about this game . First of all , the graphics are horrible . How could they be so much worse than World Cup 2002 ? Yes , the game gives you `` complete control '' and is the most realistic around , but I do n't think that 's necessarily a good thing . You want a game that feels sort of like real soccer and looks realistic , but when I want to play real soccer I go outside with a ball . The point of a game is to be a little bit fantastic . Hence the star powers in World Cup 2002 . But the worst thing is just how the game looks . The graphics look great on the EA website , but in actuality the players all run like Gumby , the field appears slanted , and the goals are simply grey boxes . Get World Cup 2002 instead , it may not have the club teams or the 10,000 players , but at least it 's fun .
 Alright , I will tell you a lot of things about this game . I dont think anyone would like this game , as it is a much lower ranking than Fifa 2002 World Cup . I mean longer loading , less goal celebrations , less crowd clapping , etc. . The only thing this game has that the older soccer games dont have is somewhat better commentary . If you want a good soccer game , turn to Fifa 002 World Cup , and you can go on there and also read my review for that game -LRB- its the somewhat long one -RRB- , trust me , you will like it a lot more than this game .
 This is the worst EA Sports game Yet . If you have more than one controller connected and installed . EA support staff says to only have one controller installed on your computer . THAT IS BOGUS AND NARROW MINDED . The game only reconizes one of them and it has to be the default one on your computer.I hane a wheel and joystick . They are both Microsoft but the wheel is newer and came with software so it became the main controller . Too hard to try to play soccor with a wheel . The menu system sucks and looks like high school kids designed it . The past FIFA soccor game menus were easier to move around and looked better too . Also you can not create your own player or team . There are also bugs in kicking . This game takes a giant step backwards into the past . Do not wast your mony . I recommend buying Madden 2003 , or NHL 2003 or NBA 2003 instead . This is the worst EA Sports game made . I think the programmers who made the other sports games should kick the soccor programmers out , take over and make a remake of this game .
 I 've played FIFA 2001 , 2002 , 2003 and FIFA world cup 2002 . After playing 4 seasons on fifa 2003 I have to say this is the worst of the lot . The game feels extremely scripted offering you very poor control of your player and team . There seems to be no way of controlling when your player volleys , plays the ball of the first touch or otherwise -LRB- which is extremely frustrating when your opponent 's keeper spills the ball and your player takes 2-3 touches instead or tapping it into the net -RRB- and heading is almost non existent/controllable and the list goes on and on . Speaking of heading which wise guy at EA decided to use the same button for goal keeper charge and a header . This makes it almost impossible to defend from crosses or corners . Also your players off the ball seem to have no common sense of when and where to make a run or even to mark an opponent 's players when defending . The player runs are manually initiated by you but all to often your dumb players make a run towards your player with the ball instead of an open space.Also formation and tactics in this game is a DOWNGRADE from previous fifa series . You can no longer instruct your players to play offside traps or have a group of them charge for the ball . Formations are extremely limited . EA also decided to remove training from this game . Given how awful the controls are in the game training would have been useful . Also there seems to be a bug which makes it difficult to change formation mid game until you click on the button like a 100x . This game is woeful and I uninstalled it after a few days and threw away the CD . Please dont waste your money or time on this . The only group I can see this game appealing to is younger children looking for a simple football game as the computer is really the one in control half of the time and there is little strategy involved which is why it deserves 2 stars for ` fun ' as it might be useful for some quick mindless fun .
 The software wo n't install with newer computers -LRB- P4-3GHZ , ati radeon 9800 pro , 1GB ram , audigy2 zs -RRB- . Do n't buy this software .
 This is the worst game of the Fifa series.If i remember well they dont even have the national team of Holland , they dont have the dutch league , or Portuguese , yeah , and i think they dont have the national team Portugal.And how can they rate Anderlecht as strong as Man Utd -LRB- am a fanatic man utd fan -RRB- , Real Madrid , Juventus or Milan?And its too easy.And you cant even create players like the other fifa games of EA Sports.It has nothing.What can i do know that i want to create Cristiano Ronaldo that they dont have it?I hope the next years Fifa will be a lot better.It only gets two insteaf of one stars becauce of the graphics.And they still have Sheringham on the England national team .
 I am a constant buyer of the EA NHL franchise but found this game way too slow for my tastes . . I am not a soccer fan either so this may be affecting my judgment .
 It is exactly like last year 's game . This is a complete waste of money , and you would be better off buying a used copy of FIFA 2002 .
 ... which makes it pretty sad that every year , EA continues the folly of improving the graphics at the expense of gameplay.everyone who was lucky enough to play it knows the graphics of FIFA 98 do n't measure up to what 's around nowadays . yet in the 98 edition , you could take -LRB- for example -RRB- the cook islands , and starting with the regional qualifiers play them all the way into the world cup , first against similarly pitiful island nations and getting progressively tougher over time . passing was risky , headers flew all over the place , defenses converged with rapidity and precision , goaltenders flew all over the pitch ... . in 98 , the game was truly breathtaking . and it is still fun - to play as a tiny island nation , or juventus , or crystal palace - all the big euro leagues were in the 98 edition.the last edition of fifa i paid for was 2001 . the graphics were unquestionably better , but most of the international teams were jettisoned , and you did n't play qualifiers anymore . the korean league and some others had been added ... but why ? as for gameplay , there were NO , NO , NO headers , defense was an absolute joke , the commentary was shrill and lifeless compared to when andy gray ruled the booth ... 2003 adds to the eye candy but continues to pile on the lifeless game play . player attributes are inaccurate , the defense and passing still are n't what they were in the '98 game , and there is still not the depth of gameplay the game had five years ago.i 'd love to give EA a better rating for this , but the truth is they are killing this franchise . i hope someone does for footie what high heat did for baseball - make EA take a year off to reconsider what they 're doing , and come back with a much better product after an overhaul of the system . fifa 2003 is a tremendous disappointment .
 I am sure this program is a lot of fun for children but since we can not get it to work we do n't really know for sure . The product says it is compatible with Mac but when we attempted to do so the computer says we do not have the application required . We contacted the KidPix website for some assistance but never heard back from them . My daughter would love to try this program out but so far , no luck .
 I purchased this for my pocket pc a week ago and it worked great ... Signal strength etc.Then when I turned it on yesterday it totally crashed . Literally this thing is dreaded for PDAs . you have to soft reset it every time . A MUST AVOID . I would give this negative 5 stars.Now I have to buy a new pocket pc cause Im out of warranty . rrrrrrrrrrrr
 BuyGPSNow sent me the SD wifi card which made my IPAQ 6515hw start rebooting every minute when I installed it . It had never done this in the past and it would stop the moment I take the card out . I returned the card on time and they still charged me 15 % restocking fee because they claimed they did not see anything wrong with the card . This card cost me almost $ 40 and they credited me only $ 30 ... basically I lost $ 10 doing business with them . Save your money and do n't buy from them ... try from other resellers .
 This item does not come with any directions , and is not very user-friendly . I wiggled my way around to get this item installed on my handheld , only to have it not work . ... proved to be worthless for me .
 they claim it would work with my pocect pc but it did not and i use a 2-3 shiping and it took all most a week to get it
 I bought the wireless card and it worked for a week , now its no good
 I ca n't review this product because
 I recently purchased the SDIO Wireless card . This card is worse than useless , it crashed my PDA . I was never able to get the card working . The online sales blurb and the documentation clearly indicated that my PDA was on the list of supported equipment . The documentation sucks -LRB- it is non-existent -RRB- . I will not purchase any more Sectec products.I do not recommend this product .
 The card does not work with my device . It does n't even show up.Don ' t buy !
 I recently obtained a Dell Axim X5 PDA and was informed that this wifi card is compatible . When I installed the driver , I received an error message saying my unit -LRB- Dell Axim X5 -RRB- is not compatible .
 Item worked for around one month then died . I paid s & h ; to send it back expecting a replacement OR REPAIR . they sent me back the same defective dead unit and after multiple emails -LRB- they kept asking technical questions in broken written English -RRB- they refused to replace it for a new one while it was still under `` warranty '' . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM
 It said the wireless card worked with the Dell Axim 5 and it does not . So , we have spent almost $ 40.00 on something that does not even work . My son , emailed the company and they said sorry it does not work with that device even though amazon on-line recommends this as an add-on to purchasing the Dell Axim 5 and specifically states it works with it .
 Software is flaky . You pop the card in , and sometimes the software comes up and sometimes it does n't . And , if you remove it , forget about putting it back in and getting it to work without restarting your phone by removing the battery ...
 I can echo the fact that this card does not work with the Dell Axim x5 . In fact , I found a blog on the subject that states `` the SD slot on the Axim x5 is not compatible with SD10 cards '' . I 'm getting ready to email the company for return authorization . There should be no restocking charge but I 'm sure there will be .
 I tried it on a Dell Axim X3 . Installation was quick and easy , but setup/configuration was a bit of a pain . This card really , really wants to connect to every AP it senses . I have a non-broadcasting , WEP-enabled , MAC-filtered network at home so I had to enter my settings manually . Not a big deal , but this card constantly popped up messages telling me about other networks , including one with a null SSID that simply would not go away . There 's no way to tell it to never connect to a network -- once it senses an AP it gets saved in the available connections list . If you delete it , it comes back as soon as that network is detected again.Unfortunately , once I finally got it to connect to MY network , it got a terrible signal -- never more than 50 % strength/quality , no matter where I was in relation to my AP and no matter how I oriented the antennae . And even when it was locked on to my network , it would STILL continually pop up annoying messages about other networks available.Also , once it lost the connection to my network , which it did often , it would rarely re-establish it unless I rebooted the device . Annoying . After a couple of days of grinning and bearing it , I finally packed it up and sent it back for a refund . I do n't think I 'll bother trying any other SDIO cards on my X3 . My next PDA will have to have built-in Wi-Fi due to this experience .
 I bought this game having heard great things about it . Good gameplay , great story , etc. . To be honest , Baldur 's Gate is n't very good.The gameplay is terrible . I have played some great pausable games , like Freedom Force and Knights of the Old Republic , but clearly , these games benefitted from people seeing the mistakes made in BG . -LRB- Its sort of how people might not like the Beatles , but have to accept they 're important . I 'm in that situation with Baldur 's Gate . Although , out at the same time was the brilliant Fallout 2 , so whatever . But moving on ... -RRB- The combat quickly degenerates into try to keep your party members from wandering where they do n't belong and getting killed . Or being overwhelmed by ridiculously overpowered monsters that finish you off instantly . Poison is balanced poorly in the realtime system . Correction . Not balanced at all , quickly killing the victim . The random encounters they give you are ridiculous . Wyverns ? You end up dying so often taht you just reload and reload until you can arrive at your destination without encounters . Shops also do n't stock up well , if at all in the early cities before reaching the Gate , so that you often find yourself unable to buy supplies to stay fighting ... . which makes the afforementioned random encounters even more ridiculously unfair.The voices are really , really annoying . I do n't deny the coolness of Minsc and Boo , but the voice gets annoying quickly . Actually , all of them get annoying fast . Especially since the speeches get repeated so much . Example , a bandit attacks and he gives some stupid speech . Two seconds later , in another room , another bandit says the same thing . I played the game with sounds off myself . The music is also extremely silly . Melodramatic like in a bad film . Then again , I guess maybe that 's why people liked this game so much , the excessive heavyhanded melodrama.As for the story , it sounds interesting on paper , but in pratice , eh . Its nothing that interesting . I think Arcanum , or Knights of the Old Republic -LRB- ironically , also by BioWare -RRB- have much more interesting stories . At least , they keep you entertained anyhow.The other thing that I did n't like in this game , and its no one 's fault actually , are the dated 2nd Edition D & D rules . Not BioWare 's fault . That 's what was available.I guess to appreciate Baldur 's Gate you really had to be there . The first `` good '' RPG in a while , and it sold well . Even this is n't true ... Fallout was released in ' 97 , and for all its faults , is still a great game ; Fallout 2 came out in ' 98 , and once again , its much more enjoyable that Baldur 's Gate.The problem is that now we 're getting too many run of the mill CRPGS , all with generic pseudo-medieval fantasy settings . I have nothing against pseudo-medieval fantasy settings . I love the Temple of Elemental Evil . I 'm just concerned that once people get bored of the medieval fantasy stuff , CRPGS will stop being made . I think the end of the trend may be near , personally . Also , I think we 've seen enough of the Forgotten Realms . We need an Eberron CRPG . Or at least one set in Greyhawk.Back on topic , I just do n't think Baldur 's Gate is all that people make it out to be .
 For those people like me who were looking for a good pc game like dungeon siege just turn away . I know it looks good from all the reviews but it is absoulutely impossible !! It 's good for awhile but then your guys are fine then boom they 're dead . People are constantly dying and leaving if you take too long to go somewhere !! Plus it suffers from countless flaws . The battles are the worst part so just stay away from it and get a good game !!!
 When i purchased this game i thought it would be fun to play a classic game such as Baldur 's Gate , but when i got to play it , omg , it is so , so slow and the graphics are incredibly horrible . I could n't beleive what I was seeing . It 's horrible . The battles are the most awful thing , the characters are the ugliest thing , the gameplay just makes you want to hit your head with the CDs and the box of Baldur 's Gate and throw up on it . IT 'S THE WORST RPG I HAVE EVER PLAYED . It 's a disgrace to the RPGs.I like the board game , but this , this is simply a bad , bad PC D&D game . Amazingly boring . Absolutely awfulDO NOT BUY . I REPEAT , DO NOT BUY . I 'm almost sure that you 'll regret it .
 The game would not run on my Windows XP based computer . Although the game loaded , it was not able to run . The seller was helpfull in giving me ideas ; however , he ultimately agreed to just take it back .
 I 've been playing RPG 's since Final Fantasy . This game was a way to linear for me . Not enough freedom of choice . The Dungeon and Dragons ; Might and Magic were my favorite type of game . You could walk anywhere as long as you had enough food . ~ R ~
 When i got this game i was expecting something good , like a good hack and slash game or at least a game that i can get involved in . But the truth is the game leaves little free room , as the charactors you get are not all that smooth to begin with . The storyline is really smooth but the overall experience leaves a RPGer such as myself ... how should i say it , dissapointed . If you are into D&D and all that then by all means play it , but myself not caring much for D&D cant stand this game ... in short if your are into games like diablo and Final Fantasy dont play this game , it will be a waste of your time and a waste of money .
 This battery died after an hour and will not charge . I wo n't be ordering from amazon anymore .
 Not one of the better phonic reading products . Not bad at all . Just surpassed by others .
 This game , even in this trimmed down version , is still to perplexing for a gameboy . I played this game for about five minutes and then gave it away ; it was like flying a helicopter for real ! Some games are just too complicated for a Gameboy ; fighting games , pinball games and side scrollers - yescomplex RPGs , strategy/action games , multiple windowed games - no
 This game should have been called `` Jedi Gun Turret '' because that 's what it simulates . There is no sensation of flying at all and the inaccurate physics of the game become really annoying . Also , the graphics may be good for a PS2 game but they 're only passable on the X-Box . I found this game a huge disapointment . I would strongly recommend that anyone thinking of buying it , rent it first . -LRB- In fact , I even wanted my -LSB- money -RSB- back after renting it -RRB-
 Average graphics , slow gameplay , insanely shallow dialogue , and cheesy music . Need I say more ?
 Being an avid fan of Star Fox from Nintendo 64 , I was hoping to find something similar on xbox . The only similarity Jedi Starfighter offers is the incessant whining and stupid chatter you get on the radio from your annoying allies . They make you want to desert and join the enemy.Besides that , this game is nothing but aim and shoot . That 's it . In Star Fox you had to learn trick flying so you could fly between buildings and under bridges , maneuver around obstacles and outfox your attackers . You were looping and dodging the whole time while you shot at bogies , like an old-fashioned fighter plane dogfight.In Jedi Starfighter you do n't even get the feeling your ship is in motion . It 's like you 're almost stationary , turning around in circles looking for stuff to shoot at , which to me gets really boring in a short amount of time . Reminds me of 1980 's technology.Lame , lame , lame .
 I was expecing a more sophisticated Rogue Squadron , but was disappointed in this game . Graphics are fine , but all-in-all RS was much a much better game.Technically the game is tough on resources . It 's not on the box , but once you buy it , you 're instructed in the manual to press CNTRL-ALT-DEL and end all running programs except those required for the system . -LRB- Disabling them wo n't do the website says . -RRB- My game wo n't work on my XP partition at all . It gets into a weird loop at the options menu and just goes wild.On my 98 partition , it runs , but freezes and stutters , requiring a reboot . Since no one 's going to give your money back , buy this at your own risk . And do n't say you were n't warned!This game definately is n't ready for prime time . And even if it were , it would only get three stars .
 i do not recomend buying this game . it 's graphics are bad and about every other 3 minutes it freezes for no reason at all . me myself ... i am a star wars fan but this embarast me . i would much rather play halo or madden 2002 or something like thatfinal statement !! DO N'T BUY !!
 There is only redeeming quality to this game
 Save your money and buy a game that is newer and has better graphics . This game is outdated and not much fun to boot .
 There is only redeeming quality to this game
 This game is too easy ALL THE WAY TO THE TOP . Also , the level does not get any harder as you advance . It also does not give you much option such as off side , throwing in , Corner Kick , PK , etc. . This game is too simple and too easy . It is EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to loose this game even you wanted to loose ... Graphic are also not so great .
 In comparion to the earlier `` Spec Ops '' games of the series like `` Steath Patrol '' is this game absolutley sh ** . The other games also had crappy graphics but `` Airborne Commando '' is the worst . The graphics is just like in my old Commodore 64 days and the gameplay ... The earlier games had at least a so called realistic graphic and game features , this one now looks like `` Mario in War-Land '' !!! I spent nights with my buddie playing `` Stealth Patrol '' , because the two player feature was a great thing and in `` Airborne Commando '' is it totally missing.For all the gamers out there , when you think `` Airborne Commando '' could be a better version of `` Spec Ops '' -LRB- newer , better graphics , better gameplay -RRB- , like I did ... do n't be disappointed , like I 'm now , do n't buy it . This game sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!
 All the other spec ops games are amazing . They are challenging and fun , but this game was terrible . It is nothing like the others . It is extremely easy and really boring . You dont even have to do anything but walk around pressing the shoot button ! Do not buy this game .
 The cover of this game looks like the ones by take two interactive.Dont let that fool you . This game is nothing like the other ones . It is in a word , RIDICULOUS . I did n't know mario was a ranger ! If you are 12 years old or younger you might like it . I did n't even get past the training mission , and I shut it off ! Dont judge a book by it 's cover !! BOOOOOO !!!!
 This game definitely suprised me , considering the other games in the spec ops series . Instead of the usual format , this game is kind if like metal gear solid , but less polished ... . I feel I got a deal on this one.The missions are kind of hard , but you get to employ some strategy depending on the mission you are on.The weapons you get to pick from range from a knife to a rocket launcher , and the missions have a good variety of objectives too ... I would reccommend this game .
 I am writing this review because the only other review for this game so far gives it 5 stars . In my opinion , there is NO WAY this game is worth 5 stars . The reasons are as follows :1 -RRB- Gameplay is VERY slow . This game is frustrating to play because the lego players move at a snail 's pace during the game , and that 's when they are `` running '' .2 -RRB- Despite the screenshots which show a bunch of different backgrounds for the matches , you can only play at 3 different `` stadiums '' until you beat certain levels in single player mode , which unlocks newer stadiums one at a time . Kind of annoying if you just want to play a friend and want more stadiums to pick from .3 -RRB- There is no commentary during games , which makes the matches very quiet and dull . And the music is n't enough to make the match entertaining .4 -RRB- The powerups may seem fun at first , but they grow old and are a pain to use during games.All in all , I 'd give this game a 2 out of 5 because it might be fun for little kids .
 Product does n't work at all . Not sure if there are different types of PS2 units , but does n't work with ours .
 My son and I LOVE LEGOS . We thought it might be cute to play LEGO Soccer on the PS2 -LRB- the Lego Star Wars for the PS2 are awesome ! -RRB- . Unfortunately this is not the case . This game is very bad , the graphics are awful , the color scheme hurts your eyes , and the game is hard to play .
 If you have any of the Driver series then forget this game it 's just a poor copy with a very old film license tagged on the end to try and sell it to the publicI have to warn you that graphically The Italian Job is terrible . It contains so many of the flaws that have progressively been eradicated on PSone over the last few years , which is inexcusable . The pop-up is embarrassing , loading times excruciating , regular freezing frames , grainy textures , see-through scenery.What I find indefensible in this type of game is the lack of a rear view mirror , or at least a look back button . How on earth you 're supposed to lose the cops when you ca n't even see roughly where they are is ridiculous . The omission of a map screen also gives the impression of a loose ` job ` All in all do n't bother.BAD POINTSThe Loading Time Between The Missions Was A JokeMost Of The Missions Were Too EasyA Very Pale Imitation of Driver In Every WayLack of a rear view mirror , or at least a look behind buttonThe omission of a map screenLack Of Camera AnglesCan be completed very quickly -LRB- a few hours -RRB- GOOD POINTSThe cars actually handle okSub Games In The Cities And All The Numerous Jumps And Stunts You Can DoSound effects
 This game is simply terrible for a number of reasons . 20 stadiums -- the only difference you notice is the ads on the sideline -LRB- some stadiums have more McDonnalds ads , while others emphasize adidas and yahoo -RRB- . You can only play with groups that are predetermined . So if you play with England , you will always start out with the same group , over and over and over again . The only extra teams available are not even in the top ten group -LRB- Holland is not there altogether , for example -RRB- . The commentaries are 80 % directly from FIFA 2002 , which are 80 % from FIFA 2001 . The graphics and gameplay is likewise . Playing on the highest difficulty setting , I won the world cup with Tunisia on the first try . The computer oppenent had 5 red cards . As a matter of fact , I have not played a game without any red cards yet -- red cards punishing AI . Furthermore , the developers have no concenpt of advantage play . Most of the goals scored were penalty shots . It 's not fun winning 5-1 when the five goals are scored by penalties . AI will attack you as soon as you enter the penalty area and get a red card . Free kicks stink -- you can never make a decent effort . No effort was put into this game . I would not spend a dollar on the game if I could play it in advance . It seems that EA produced this game overnight , without putting any efforts into it . If they had a grain of honesty , they would have included the world cup in FIFA 2002 . I was very opptimistic when I purchased the game , and a day later , I could not be more disappointed . EA should be ashamed of this indecency .
 After 6 + years of experience with the FIFA series -LRB- since 1995 -RRB- , I have to tell you only one , wise , thing : Fifa 98-RTWC was `` the last of the mohicans '' . -LRB- soccerwise -RRB- Throw fifa 2002 in the dumpster and try Evolution Pro Soccer . -LRB- or keep playing a good but ARCADE game ... -RRB-
 I love playing sports games , but this is the most boring game I have ever played in my entire lifetime . I only did one soccer game , and I turned it off within five minutes . Trust me , do n't waste your money on this dumb video game !
 THIS GAME IS NO GOOD ! The case lies and shows that there is neat graphics for the game when actually it is a blur ! The people are really fuzzy . The action is sluggish and the people move slowly . The introduction is cool but unfortunately that is the best part ... it all goes downhill from there . Do n't waste your money on this game . EA can do better than this !
 My old controller was constantly having a problem with the wires and the game would tell me it had been disconnected so I decided it was time to purchase a new controller . The new one worked okay for the first month or two , despite a problem with the black button trying to stick quite a bit , however it started having the same problem and now if I move the controller the slightest bit , the games tell me the controller was disconnected and I need to reconnect it . This happens every few seconds and it makes game play extremely difficult . I do n't know if it 's possible to find an good controller anymore for the old Xbox or not but it sure would be great if I could find one!To add a note to the problem ... the wire is all straight and not twisted and I have no idea why it keeps giving me the error . This is just yet another example where Microsoft products are nothing but trouble ...
 I bought an S controller at the same time I bought my system A
 Now , tell me I 'm not the only one out here who feels this way , but the new Xbox controller is to freakin small . It 's like the little dinky PS2 controllers , the little plastic things you could break with two fingers . Then again , you ca n't fit much more then 2 fingers on the thing to begin with . With the old controller the controller fit your hands , filled them up . It 's like the difference between a joystick , or this tiny little stick of a thing to play fighter games on the CPU . Just do n't get it . Do n't get any small controller . Go with the original controller . It 's the better of the 2 , best controller out there period .
 Bought these for xbox 360 thinking I would have a couple of cheap controllers for kids . This will not work for xbox 260 it will only work on older consoles . I bought two and by the time I paid the shipping . I would only get $ 10 back . Now I still have to buy two newer controllers . Spend the extra $ 10 and get newer controllers .
 This controller is not good at all . The face of it looks good but if you feel teh back its like your holding two poles .
 I got this controller because I have small hands and this one was supposed to have a better button config . I have had it for four months and it is broken . It is totally useless , and the bigger controllers are impossible for me to use . All the reviews on all other controllers for the xbox are just as bad . Microsoft needs to get its act together . What fun is a game box if there are no controllers that work for it ? Buy a PS2 and hope it does n't break .
 I hate the smaller controlers for xbox . they are too small for my hands they must be made for small people aka `` Migits '' and u know they say about people with small hands -LRB- small gloves -RRB-
 I was looking for an XBox 360 S controller , this does n't work with XBox 360 so is wrong part . I asked if I could return with no response . Poor rating due to wrong part + not sure if I can return
 Sold me a bad product and it was missing a part of the controller bad making business with this person
 im very disapointed with this , the cord must be loose or have a bad connection , when your playing you keep getting a message says please plug in paddle . i could have bought a used not good condition paddle half the price but spent few extra dollars for good condition paddle , it is not !
 First off do n't let the picture fool you ! These are not real Microsoft Xbox controllers . 2nd both are already broken , in fact 1 did not last even 2 minutes . As soon as my son pushed on the thumb sticks -LRB- sorry not sure what the correct term is -RRB- they dropped into the hole and he could not use them anymore because they are stuck down into the frame of the controller . The 2nd controller I bought lasted a little longer ... about 4hours then the exact same thing happened to the thumb sticks on it . We have controllers for all their other game systems that work great . These controllers are cheaply made and definitely not worth the money . I would n't even pay 10 cents for them .
 The buttons take a lot of pressure to push , the deadzone is very wrong , and the buttons are facing the wrong direction.It just sucks , but unfortunately there 's not a lot of options for original xbox controllers today .
 Quality of product is far less than the advertised `` high-quality '' . One controller came with lower right thumb cursor button broken . The second controller received 5 minutes of play before the upper left thumb cursor button came loose inside the controller flopping around , still works , but does n't spring back to center as it should.There is NOT 9.8 feet of cable with inline release . It is 6 feet of cable with a inline noise suppressor.Not the quality we were expecting for the price . Looking into sending this product back .
 Didnt come with the exact piece I was looking for which was the connector piece for controller to the xbox , otherwise in good condition . I just happened to be looking for that specific piece . If you need the controller alone and nothin else that it comes with , its a good choice .
 I thought this controller would be the perfect solution for my small hands ... and strained wrists and thumbs from playing too much Dead or Alive 3 . But the buttons on this controller are still way too spread out , and so I find myself awkwardly twisting my wrist for my thumb to reach them . The smaller size is nice , but they should have thought more about the button layout . And why are the white and black buttons on the bottom ? Makes for a difficult transition when you 're used to the larger controller -LRB- where they are on top -RRB- .
 The Xbox Controller S is supposed to be the small controller but I still find it too big for my hands . I find that most games require you to use the left joystick on the unit . This is fine except when I 'm done playing , my left thumb hurts . I wish I was able to use the left navigation buttons instead but there are only a hand full of games which allow you to use those on a regular basis . The unit is big and bulky . I feel like I 'm holding a Big Mac instead of a controller . Everytime I finish playing , I have to exercise and massage my hands because they are so cramped up . Beside this , I find that some of the buttons are useless on the controller , particularly the right joystick and the two smaller buttons on the bottom right side . Are they there for decoration?I 'm old school , I remember the old Nintendo , Sega , etc. . . joysticks from the past . Those were easy to use for everyone , young and old , with large or small hands . The Xbox Controller S is an innovative controller but when it comes to comfort , it is extremely lacking .
 Why on earth are the start/back/little buttons placed so that trying to reach them gives you carpal tunnel ? The Japanese sure have some incredible thumbs ...
 That 's right . If you found this controller more comfortable , you have little girly hands -LRB- obviously not an insult to female gamers out there -RRB- . I never saw anything wrong with the original controller , and still laugh at all who own one of these ` controller S 's because they ca n't handle a 3lb controller that fits adult hands well.Don ' t get me started on PS2 and GC controllers -LRB- a camera button ?? -RRB- , but I think the Xbox was innovative in designing a controller for someone with hands bigger and stronger than a 5 year old 's . They 're durable , too . I threw mine out a second floor window onto concrete -LRB- I do n't take losing well -RRB- and it has barely a scratch . I accidentally broke my friend 's PS2 controller by just shifting it in my hands wrong -LRB- ultimately not my fault , for my hands were much stronger and versed to useing a tough controller -RRB- . So , while technically this controller does the exact same functions as the original , I could n't see myself wielding one anytime soon . Cheers to those who whined until Xbox put this out . I only wished you whined for something that really mattered , like more RPGs or less Sports titles .
 I bought an S controller at the same time I bought my system A
 This controller is not good at all . The face of it looks good but if you feel teh back its like your holding two poles .
 This is a very crappy fishing game.Why do people bother to make games that suck.Everthing about this game sucks.Let 's start with the fact that you can not choose a character or genger you can only fish as a woman in short shorts and a half tank top.The lures all suck all the lures look the same and they are all the same color and the same type of lure and they do n't have very many to choose from.You can only choose where you fish and there 's not that many spots to choose from.After you have chose your fishing spot and sitting there wating for it to load next to the load bar is a large picture of a woman model in short shorts and an open shirt with no bikini top or bra on which means her boobs are showing.I guess they thought that only men would play this game.They probablly thought women do n't play fishing games and I guess they did ` nt think little kids would play this game after all it is rated E for everyone but I do n't know how it is rated E.The next thing is the fishing spot you can only fish the bank and no where else and the only way you can move the boat is left or right but you can only move so far before you ca n't move any more.The casting sucks to you might be lucky if your able to get the lure half the distance you want it to go.After you have cast and the lure is in the water a fish will bite the lure but you ca n't set the hook I found no way to set the hook.Then after you loose the fish the woman your fishing as will wine.If your thinking of getting this game do n't get it you 'll only be wasting your time and money.If you want a good fishing game go an get EA Sports Championship Bass.It is way better than this game.Or you might want to get Rapala Pro Fishing again it 's another game way better than this game .
 This is , as you can probably fathom , a port of ID Software 's 1992 classic Wolfenstein 3D , scaled down and put into cartridge format for play on your Gameboy Advance.First off , I want to say that the studio who ported it did a pretty good job overall . The graphics are n't as clean as they were on my IBM 386 back in the day , but I can forgive that kind of thing because the game feels the same . You move at the same rate , shooting feels the same , the only thing missing as far as gameplay goes is a keyboard.The levels are faithfully reproduced - every secret door is where I remember it was , which is always kind of fun for those looking back with nostalgia . It contains all 6 original episodes -LRB- although you 'd think that , barring some sort of legal entanglement they could have included its sequel Spear of Destiny -RRB- . There are two central problems with this port which are the main reasons I ca n't rate it higher . First , you ca n't save your game wherever you 'd like -LRB- which you could do in the original -RRB- . You can only save at the beginning and end of levels . Nothing sucks more than to make it almost to the elevator when an SS guy comes out of nowhere and guns your last 10 % of health away . My other problem is the game 's lack of music . Hey , what gives ? The original had some classic MIDI tuneage courtesy of Bobby Prince , who also scored the Commander Keen games , DOOM , and Duke Nukem 3D . It 's just not the same . Ever tried watching Star Wars wthout the music ? It 's like there 's a key element missing.A good port , but incomplete without music and frustrating without a save-on-the-fly feature .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!! Yes , yes , it 's so special , the original fps . Although a good game it was dwarfed by games like doom and nothing compared to console fps . But what do you expect for gameboy anyway right ? Wrong . Matter-of-factly , this game is outdated , and its not even updated ! I do n't want to be too harsh on the first fps , but if you want to play this , just have a friend with old games e-mail the shareware pc version to you , because its the same and the control is better on pc . Bam ! Entertainment does make good games though , so get the other fps they made , Ecks vs. Sever ; it is definitely the best fps for gameboy .
 The worst FPS available for the GBA is Wolfenstein 3D . It 's not the worst by much , Medal of Honor ; Underground is pretty darn close . Wolfenstein 3D was the fifth FPS for the GBA but the first FPS ever to be released for any system . Bringing this title back from the dead probably was n't such a good idea with games like Ecks Vs. Sever competeing with it . Doom and Duke Nukem were old games coming back to life on the GBA but those turned out so darn good . Those games featured beautiful graphics . Wolfenstein 3D 's are just plain outdated and ugly , however not as ugly as Medal of Honor
 I liked this game when it first came out on the PC , but this version -LSB- *** -RSB- , the graphics are terrible making it hard to see what you are doing . I wish I never wasted my $ $ on this one , I played it once and I 'll never touch it again .
 Here are a few facts about this game that should deter any conscious soccer fan from purchasing it
 This game is exactley like Fifa 2001 , yet worse . Featurs in the Fifa road to world cup 98 in about 1000 times better . But to be honest the graphics in Fifa 2002 are very close to real .
 Playability improves with every version , and the passing AI on this is great . But the improvement is not so significant over Fifa 2002 that it would n't have been better to wait until 2003 comes out.That said , a few complaints.Why on earth ca n't a computer game track more than just goals scored , and cards ? What about assists , fouls , fouls suffered , challenges successful and unsuccessul . Even more fun would be to rate each player on a 1-10 scale after each match.Seems to me that these would be relatively easy and fun features to add , instead of the same lame stats that it does track.Also , why were n't the national anthems included ? That was a really nice touch in WC98 , but they blew it here.It might be nice to have a crowd that is truly racuous for the home teams . Seems to me that the crowd reaction to Korea vs. Us is about the same as Turkey vs. Brazil.This has also been the case for the regular version of the game , but it is ever apparent in this version.Would also have been nice to have the qualifiers for this . If you can fit all the professional leagues on the FIFA2002 game , the full set of qualifiers should not be a problem.This is a shameless gimmick and way for EA to profit from WorldCup fanaticism . But despite the complete paucity of features , it 's slightly enhanced playability does save it from being completely iredeemable .
 I did play this last version for the 2 last days -LRB- Alone and with friends -RRB- . And I really feel that the FIFA series did not evolve at all since the last world cup . Graphics and music are flashy , I do love to watch `` between actions '' scenes , like the keeper getting mad after a goal and the interface is really cool . But well , playing chess is more funky and entertaining ! Everything is perfect except the game , which is absolutely boring . I did enjoy it 2 hour , the time to score something like 100 goals ... You just have to dash and shoot ! Imagine a combat game with the craziest combos , with secret fireballs and pretty fighters ;-RRB- but where tapping one unique button repeatedly is the best way to win . It is the same for FIFA 2002 ...
 I used to be a big fan of EA Sports but year after year they come up with average products . I bought most of their products from NBA live , FIFA and Madden series . EA try to improve here and there but overall it is still a big dissapointment . My suggestion to all of you football or soccer lover is to buy Japanese PS2 and play Winning Eleven from Konami . The graphic , sound and control are awesome . It is the best soccer game ever -LRB- until the next Winning eleven of course -RRB- .
 I 'm rating this game one star because of one reason ! It didnt come out yet . I have played World Cup '98 and I must admit , the team jerseys , the players ... every single thing was brilliant . But I 'm not sure this will be . Team jerseys are already in detail at FIFA 2002 so what difference will it have to this game ? I think that the only difference this game has is the fact that you could play the World cup . I think that 's the only reason FIFA 2002 didnt have the world cup tournament ... this happened so gamers would buy this game . Or else if FIFA 2002 did have the WC tournament , nobody would 've dared buying this game . I read in the product description that now you can pass and lob the ball , even shoot it , in any direction ... well it 's not as different as it is to FIFA 2002 . So I do not recommend you buying this game only until another person does and tells you his/her ideas . But make sure this person has tried FIFA 2002 or else he/she might come up with millions of reasons why it 's so good . Alright , so I said what I had to say , but I think it 's time to tell you what I found out from its demo . The demo is quite average . You play only two teams in proffessional level . As I saw , the graphics was probably 13 % better than FIFA 's and the sound was partly the same except for added japanese sounds aswell . The stadiums ... well I dont know about that but I 'm pretty sure there are plenty of real-life korean and japanese stadiums . Also , it had the name Kobe ! What about the gameplay ? you might ask ? it 's the most important question and I am ready to answer it . Gameplay is pretty much the same I guess . The only problem is that it is quite similar to any other FIFA game made this year . Not a lot of improvements but all in all , I think this video game will rock once it 's getting closer to being purchased .
 They should just call this game what it is - an advirtisement for the 2002 World Cup . The gameplay options are very limited , there are no statistics kept on goals , bookings , etc. at least that i can see , and why the hell does the game go into slow motion so often ? Also Amazons description of this title is misleading . There are no club teams and only 40 internationals plus whatever teams you unlock . I shouldve just bought FIFA 2002 . Really apart from some beautifully detailed stadiums this just is not worth the money .
 Fifa 2002 was a great leap for a soccer game since Fifa 98 , but the World Cup 2002 hits a new all time low . I thought that it was going to be the same as Fifa 2002 except with the world cup included and maybe better graphics but I almost threw the game in the trash after i played it for the first time . First of all , and most important , there is significant slow down in the game especially when you pass midfield . The camera stutters and it makes the game very difficult to follow . Second , you can only play with teams that have qualified to the world cup , if your national team did n't make it well tough luck . One of the main reasons people buy this game is to play with their national team and clasify them to the world cup , but now you ca n't even pretend that your national team is any good . Third , the people at EA added some special effects when you strike the ball it looks and feels like your playing NFL Blitz but for soccer , not very realistic ! I cant even begin to comprehend how they let this game come out the way it is . With problems like slow down make the game simply unplayable . I so mad they did such a poor job with this game I really do hope they fire some people at EA . Trust people , stick to Fifa 2002 , its true there is no world cup but at least you wont have a seizures while playing World Cup 2002 .
 This game is the worst soccer game out there . There is only two modes , friendly and world cup . There is only 32 international teams or so . There is no HOLLAND , ROMANIA just to mention a few . There is how ever Iceland , Scotland . Two joke teams that did not qualify . No creation center , player-team editor !!!! . This title is a total waste of time and money avoid at all costs !!!!! . Stick to FIFA 2002 . Also gameplay is horrid , major slow down ... it just feels lame . Finally ignore any favourable reviews you see , these people do not know what they are talking about !!!!
 I thought this was for the old atari system 2600 . When I got this game it did not fit in the system . Very disappointed . I used to love this game when I was a kid .
 I rented this game and I was VERY dissapointed . The controls are pretty simple , but that ends the short list of pros . The thing that really bugs me is the VERY touchy cars . I know they are F-1 racers , but they are super easy to control in `` single race '' mode , but when in the Euro or US champs , one SLIGHT touch on the stick sends your car into a crazy spinout . The graphics are mediocare , and the music is just pitiful . There are only a few cheezy , repetive songs , no more than a few diffrent beeps in random order . Hell , it sounds like musi fron the first Mario Bros. on GameBoy . If you dont crash or leave the track at maximum speed for about a minute , you enter `` the zone '' . Your car gets a slight boost in speed -LRB- 15-20mph -RRB- and handling . There is a `` zone meter '' on the bottom of the screen that shows how long until you enter the zone . The graphics dont even begin to use the GC 's potential power , and 90 % of the game is locked until you beat something . In `` story mode '' some levels are incredibly easy , and others are INSANELY hard.Ratings Key1 = totally -LSB- stinks -RSB- 2 = Highly below average3 = below average4 = slightly below average5 = average/mediocare6 = slightly above average7 = above average8 = highly above average9 = excellent10 = perfectControls
 Bought this for my boys -LRB- 10/12 -RRB- . They hate it and have nothing but scorn for it .
 Ok first the only fun part is when cars crash and go flying , otherwise it is n't to much fun . The music can be compared to ameteur musician players . The graphics are great but thats not enough to compete with anything else . Heres how I rate it.Fun 3/10This wo n't keep you entertained for longMusic 2/10Just so bad , Not even realGraphics 9/10They are solid , but who cares when the game stinksTracks 3/10BoringCars 5/10They are just okOverall 4/10It 's not worth buying ... But renting is ok , I guess ??
 The graphics on this game appear to have been ported from code written for a machine of much less capability than the GameCube . The soundtrack sounds like it was recorded for a 1970 's arcade game . The play may be good but this game does not take advantage of the GC the way Sonic or Luigi do . However , if you can not wait for a racing game worthy of the GC , you are sort of stuck with this one , as I am .
 F12002 was a wast of money . I am a huge F1 fan and have most of the other F1 games out there , compared to F12001 this game has very few good points to it . Grffics are ok , all the teams are there including new Toyota , and course updates are there . Now what makes this game -LSB- stink -RSB- , unlike F12001 handeling is unconrtolable , driving a straight line is next to imposible , its not to bad by your self but in traffic its terrible . What i cant stand is there is no traction control , no launch control . Off the start u just spin the tires and everyone goes by you . If your looking for a game like Nascar 2002 where u can play the game for a while and get used to it and be competting like a pro your not going to like this one . In F12001 i was able to drive with the leaders and win some races , with F12002 im off the track all the tiem and in the pits fixing broken wings and suspensions . Over all if you buy this game to drive liek the real F1 drivers its going to end up collection dust on the shelf .
 ARGHHHHHH ! After You Pass The `` Skills '' Tests from the `` Storyline '' , You CA N'T ACTUALLY Begin the game until you pass 16 `` Leila '' -LRB- name of HQ -RRB- Tests , to get your bounty hunters ' license back ! ~ ~ NO REAL Gameplay until you Complete ALL 16 `` Leila '' License Test !!!!!! So , i just ride around town on the motorcycle . You can feel the leans on the bike , but GOD forbid you HiT something ! You CA N'T back-up , OR Turn Around , or get off the bike ! ~ ` Again , ** ARGHHHHHHHHHHH !! I paid $ 8.95 for this game , and THAT was TOOOOO much ! :0 -LRB-
 All games like this will be compared to Grand Theft Auto 3 , a big city environment in which you can explore and in the meantime , advance the story.This does not measure up in the least . I 'll start with the good.There is a stab at the story . The in-between movies appear to make a good effort at advancing the story -LRB- other than the fact that the mystery as to who 's behind it is n't much of a mystery -RRB- . The animation is pretty well done . Also the news shorts at the beginning and in-between are great . They make a great attempt at bringing the world to life.The graphics are great and I like the fact that you can enter buildings and shoot up the place.I like the idea of riding on a motorcyle through the city , something that should be incorporated into GTA
 One thing to say , the camera problem in this game is so bad you cant play.this game could have been good.It was hard for me to give it 1 star.Also this seems to be one of those games where you collect items to open , doors ect ... to accomplish your goal , or mission , The game play seems to stealth like as your weapon is on a targeting system allowing for awesome gameplay -LRB- this feature makes me want to keep playing -RRB- , plaese fellow gamers this is a rent 1st buy later .
 They should of waited for the sequel . The nearly identical game was out months ago for Dreamcast . It 's no Max Payne , that 's for sure .
 I bought this game with Turok . Sorry to say , but I wasted my time and money on two very terrible games . The graphics on Headhunter will make you glance at your unit to make sure you are playing it on the PS2 and NOT the PS1 . The gameplay is difficult and sometimes fun , but it is just not worth the 45 dollars wasted on it . Rent it first . That is my suggestion . You will be glad that you did . I can not believe that so far since PS2 has been out , there have been only a few worthy games
 I have tried this game and broken my controler in the atempt to play it . And to sum this game up in word would be impossible So i will try it in 5 words `` THIS GAME REALLY , REALLY , SUCKED '' .
 This game will seem to be the worst ever for all those who enjoyed Metal Gear Solid and maybe the Syphon Filter series . It pretends to be a stealth game ; but it is certainly not . Besides , there are huge control and camera issues . Do n't buy it , just rent it so can realize by yourselves how bad the gameplay is .
 headhunter is a very challenging game and not very fun , it is a waste of money , do n't buy it !
 I own FIFA 2002 and bought this game thinking it would be alot better then it . It was n't . What i really liked about FIFA 2002 was the variety of teams-there were hundreds of them-all the national teams and all the leagues you could think of . You could create your own team , your own player , r even your own tournament . All of this is lost in FIFA WORLD CUP 2002 . You can only play as a national team . You either had to play a friendly or the World Cup . This game got boring fast . The music was nothing compared to FIFA 2002-there was only one song and it was boring . The sunset lighting was annoying also . There were a few good points to the game . The extras for one . There was a movie about football -LRB- soccer -RRB- all around the world . It was pretty good . The gameplay was fantastic , yet the same as FIFA 2002 -LRB- except for the juggling thing -RRB- . All in al this game was not nearly as good as expected-I sold mine . If you love soccer , or even if you dont , buy FIFA 2002 instead of FIFA WORLD CUP 2002 . If you already own FIFA 2002 , do not purchase this game . It is a waste of money and time . Thank you .
 Hello my name is Greg and I think that game was not that good especially the fact of greciosly promoted abfrected prootional way of playing THANKS SSSSSEEEEEEE YYYA
 This game is the worst soccer game i have ever played . The game itself is horrible . The game controls are ok . But all in all this game is the worst game i have ever played
 This game is not as good as FIFA 98 for the Nintendo 64 .
 Lately I have been told GC is the best . There is no denying that but it lacks sports games . Now that I bought FIFA WORLD CUP , I regret it . Just rent it and you 'll see how poor it is in every aspect . i don not recommened it . This is from a serious sports fan . no way jose !
 What a disapointment ! I was extatic when i read earlie this year that EA was developping a soccer game specifically for the Xbox console , based on its fifa franchise . I should have known better.Apparently folks at EA figured they could say whatever they wanted and not only develop the game for Gamecube and PS2 but also release these versions just before that of the XBOX.More importantly , they also figured they could do whatever they wanted . Why bother spending a lot of time on a game that will sale no matter what , simply because it is endorsed by the FIFA and has the Japan-Korea logo all over it!So instead of spending the time necessary to build upon the previous installments of FIFA soccer , they did the opposite , they removed many features and added a `` bonus material '' which consists of a video documentary about the coming World Cup -LRB- who cares ? this is not a dvd movie -RRB- . Since this game focuses on the World Cup , it is no longer possible to select a club or trade players ! Fair enough , but where is the training mode ? Where is it said that because it 's only about the World Cup , it is no longer necessary to practice free kicks or set plays ! This is amazing considering EA had already this feature built into its previous FIFA versions . At the same time , EA is promoting the fact that the passing system and the air play game are more complex ! The only reason not to include a much needed training mode ? Being able to release another version , an `` improved '' one this fall!More , for those of view who liked the strategy side of the EA franchise , like the ability to change formations and offensive and defensive style on the fly ... forget about it , it 's nowhere to be found on this game . Similarly , you can no longer put pressure on the ball carrier by sending your guys on him!More , the dribling scheme is ridiculous ! Overall , there are fewer moves available , and , worse , they are impossible to perform . Two of them require that you press the Y button at the same time as the Black button ... sure , try it ! And the ability to let the user configure the controller settings himelf ? of course not , this would have required more programming!I could go on and on , however you should get a pretty good idea by now . Yes , this game has cool graphics -LRB- which sports game on the XBOX has n't ? -RRB- . Yes , World Cup offers a newly designed passing system -LRB- so did fifa 2002 on ps2 -RRB- . Yes , this game is the best soccer game on the XBOX -LRB- but it 's basically the only one if you put aside the ESPN game which is to sports game , what curling is to winter sports ! -RRB- . So my advice , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . Wait a few weeks until International pro soccer 2 and David Beckham 's soccer game are released.My rating
 Once you get over all the glorious pomp and circumstance what you 're left with is a horribbly slow game that is almost constantly bogging . The new juggling feature is the token `` bullet point '' on the game box that adds nothing to the game . For years EA has been counting on the FIFA license for sales , rather than quality game play - do n't waste your time this franchise get yourself Pro Evolution from Konami if you want a sim - or RedCard from Midway if you want fun .
 this game is not good . it has unrealistic moves.although the espn mls soccer is not perfect it is definitely better than this . my 1998 fifa -LRB- for n64 -RRB- is better than this .
 This game is just a joke . I 've been waiting for it since the day I bought my XBOX almost 7 months ago . I only played a couple of days and sold it . Graphics are acceptable but gameplay is ridiculously bad . Do n't buy EA 's titles until they decide to develop for XBOX instead of simply porting their PSX games . Your Box desserves much more than their bad games !
 I have a Compaq 1.3 mz processor , 512 ram and a Savage S3 32 meg video card . All graphic games work great with the exception of FS 2002 . The panel is fine but the landscape is mostly a blurred mess . Flightsim 2002 also fails and causes the PC to reboot . I had sent failure info to Microsoft but no answer as yet . The graphics on FS2000 is about the same but no failures .
 What the heck happened to microsoft !!! I used to think that micro . could put out a good title seeing splinter cell and all , but this is the absolute , no dought , worst thing that I have ever played ! Okay let 's start with the load times , I have an XP and it is really fast with just about everything , except for this game ! It takes like 3 hours to load the training sequence , and when you finally get into the game , the plane dashboard takes up half the frickin ' screen ! And you do n't have control of the stupid jet , you have to stear by adjust the wing thrust with button combos that you have to have six hands to do , the only thing that is good in this game are the graphics , but you ca n't even enjoy that because by the time it 's done loading you 'll be dead ! Oh , and did I mention that it crashed my computer and we had to get a new one !!! I would avoid this game at all costs !
 http://www.x-plane.com/So , either play , or go buy a REAL simulator , licenced by FAA to be used in a simulator setting . Loggable !
 Just received Flight Simulator 2002 for Xmas and having a real problem using it . Seems that I get continual `` freezes '' or pauses every few seconds while trying to fly any of the aircraft in the program . This is not only annoying but almost unusable , since it 's is hard to make fine adjustments during flight -LRB- especially trying to hover the bell helicopter -RRB- . I would , however , appreciate any help , tips , or suggestionsthat could possibly cure this problem . For reference I am running Windows XP on an 800MHz Athalon CPU , 512Mb of RAM , a brand new G-Force 2 video card with 32Mb of RAM , and a 20 Gb hard drive .
 Vaporware is how people refer to software that is promised ... . but never appears on the shelves on time . Vapor Reviews should be the term used to apply to people that write reviews of software that has not been released . FS2002 wo n't be available for ` real ' reviews for another two months . Do n't trust vapor reviews any more than you 'd trust vaporware .
 First of all this software seems to have bugs . The game causes PC to freeze constantly . Can t use the game / am depending on Microsoft 's tech support to get the game functioning . -LRB- ? -RRB- However the main issue , after all the enthusiastic previews , I expected much more . Apart from the new ACT communication features , nothing really new in comparison to FS 2000 . Still one and the same generic engine sound for the B737/777 and the 747 - sounds like a vacuum cleaner / not like a jet engine ! Exactly the same engine noise as heard on FS2000.I have a Computer with Pentium III / 450 Mhz Processor and 128 MB Ram , that s by far not enough power to run a software like this and they should make this clear .
 I tried to install it and found that the install CD was pitted badly and it would not install on my PC . Microsoft told me that it would take three months to ship me a replacment install CD ! I opted send it back for a refund instead . It took two months to get a refund from Microsoft which did not cover shipping costs that I incured . At this point I am wondering to take a chance and buy another potential piece of junkware from Microsoft or spend it elsewhere ; perhaps on games that run on Linux that I boot to instead of Windoze most of the time since being burnt by Microsoft .
 Ok , I admit Flight Simulator is a great program . I have bought Flight Sim 98 , 2000 Pro , and now 2002 Pro . Each program is better than the last , but only slightly . I find the ATC feature sort of cheezy . I expect they will fix this in a hurry though by the next version.The Frame Rate has increased with the new version , which is a delightful surprise . The scenery appears pretty much the same with the exception of randomly appearing and disappearing buildings.The packaging is ... . All I got was a box , pamphlet , program , and CD envelope -LRB- not even a jewel case -RRB- . The Quality is no longer there as with previous Microsoft products . If you have -LRB- or ever -RRB- purchased Microsoft Train Simulator , you 'll know what I mean.If you do not own a Microsoft Flight Simulator , I recommend buying it . I do n't however , believe -LSB- it is -RSB- is worth it simply as an `` upgrade '' . Stick with Flight Sim 98 or 2000 until they develope an upgrade worth paying for .
 This software should be one of the slickest pieces of sofware out on the market . If it only ran . I get frequent system crashes , and spend nearly as much time rebooting -LRB- from a cold start , every time -RRB- as I do flying . I 'm running almost new hardware , way beyond the listed system requirements , and this is the only program that hangs me up . What a disappointment !
 my first assumption of this game was 5 stars and i had been looking forward to this game but IF YOU HAVE AN NVIDIA GEFORCE 256 GRAPHICS CARD IT WILL NOT WORK !!! NOR WILL NUMEROUS GAMES FROM MICROSOFT !!!
 Not the real game just copies . Disc 2 & 3 labeled out of order , once loaded , I could not change aircraft nor city . NEVER BUY FROM THIS PERSON ...
 Got this simulator , and I am unable to make it work . Unless you have an old version of Windows , forget it . It will not work with Vista or Windows 7 . One part that does work is the WWII game , but for the price , it is not worth the money .
 If you want to get your computer to get broken or get a hard drive problem , get this game . This game was really fun and all , but after 2 months , it crashed my computer . I had to pay $ 150.00 dollar 's to get it fixed . So if you DONT ' T want to get your computer broken , Do n't get the game .
 Flight Simulator 2002 is a good game but when you fly the planes you do nothing . You just end up crashing because theres nothing to do in the game . One plane wont even get off the ground . I dont know why they put that plane in the game .
 I bought FS2002 when it came out and I was excited about this one becuase I had gotten FS 95-2000 and it kept getting better , plus have a pentium 4 , 1.8 GHZ , 1012 RAM , i was expecting the graphics to look just as good as the ones on the box , but boy was i in for a big mess . The graphics are so bad , my comp freezes every 15 minutes , so many errors , i practically cry that Microsoft did such a bad job . The airplanes are so cheap that the skins load all over the scenery , you ca n't even crash with another airplane , u just go through them . If you crash in water , there is no splash , the airplane just hits it and gets stuck in one place !!!!!! Thats just crap , 1 star !
 Beautifully done and a joy to play . -LRB- I wanted to give this item 5 stars but Amazon wo n't let me change it from 2 . Go figure . -RRB- This game has so much to offer
 This is typical of Microsoft products ... they do n't work and they charge you to try to fix them . I loaded the game on Windows XP , Pentium 4 and it took seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- tries brfore it loaded . when I try to play the game I get a `` scenery load error '' and every thing outside the cockpit is grey or black . So far there has been no response from Microsoft on my request for assistance via email . I am not surprised .
 The MS Flight Simulator 2002 Standard item received was sent by a private customer , although it was advertised as new and would be sent through an Amazon.com affiliate.Although the game is playable , the sound is very poor quality and has many skips.I purchased this game because it required only a CD-ROM to install instead of aDVD-ROM . Game is too old and I would not recommend it ! I should have known thatthe price paid was far too cheap for a new , usable game .
 I would like to say first off `` Super Stars of Baseball is the finest baseball game ever produced '' -LRB- nec -RRB- Followed closely by World Series Baseball -LRB- genesis -RRB- . Triple Play 2001 is hardly what you would expect from a company who created and set the standard for all Football games as we know them today . TP2K1 Has a terrible pitching interface . No pitch location . No way to tell if your pitcher is starting to wear down . Well that is until the ball leaves the park . Baseball is and always will be a game of total balance . TP2K1 lacks this element . Fielding is a mess . Just shagging a simple grounder is impossible . And forget about diving . The best part of this game is the legends . They are a wonderful addition . As long as you spend the time to unlock them otherwise the home run contest is your only way of using them . And lets talk about homerun contests . DO you think a homerun contest should go 180 or more ? No man . Nobody can sit and do that mindless activity forever . Batting during the game has been narrowed for us by those master minds at EA . Basically timing is your only hope . You ca n't even foul of a bad pitch . Nothing but timing . This needs to be reworked . Take my advise and wait for World Series on the Dream Cast .
 EA has always made great sports games . Lately it seems as if they are coasting on their previous successes . For one thing this game is prone to freezing when the computer makes a dumb error . Like a pickoff that flies off into the outfield . The ball gets lost and you have to reset the whole console . Not fun if you are playing in season mode and are in the 9th inning . The graphics are great until you see Dreamcast 's version which makes triple play baseball look like puke on your TV set . The crowd is always annoying , they jeer even whether you 're 20 points ahead or behind . As usual the announcers are annoying and do n't really call the game -LRB- when are we going to have smart announcers ?! -RRB- Also there is a lot of saving going on here . And I mean a lot . You need 7 blocks in memory just for the season . When you make it into the playoffs you need another 7 blocks . There are some winning points , the homerun derby is fun , especially using players like Ruth , Eddie Murray , and Reggie Jackson . And in extreme mode you not only have to hit home runs but hit targets as well . The opening sequence is great . And the prevailing song is the Magic Carpet Ride RMX ... -LRB- they probably drained all their production costs into the soundtrack -RRB- .
 This game has to be one of the worst baseball games on the PlayStation . For one thing the game gets stuck A LOT . As for home runs , it 's got an emphasis on those . I like hitting home runs , but not when they 're obviously exaggerated . The gameplay is often lame , as a player is halfway toward home , but then he runs back to third , on both teams that happens sometimes ! I do not recommend this game very much .
 Not a good game at all . Please I do n't need to smack a home run everytime at bat ! Not for a true fan , but if your into the arcade end of sports games , then check it out .
 Unfortunately , I do not have fellow gamers to play against so I am forced to play the computer as an opponent . One would think that with all of the realistic game-play and other options that this would be a sweet deal , well it is n't . The CPU is very unrealistic in its ability to play , it is easily mastered and becomes very unchallenging long before the All-Star break . This happens no matter what level of play you select or what kind of strategy you unleash . I played 40 or so games into the season and now my game just sits , collecting dust . I have bought my last EA Sports game no matter how enticing the synopsis or the graphic 's snapshots on the back of the package may be .
 There are a few good things , but overall it 's a very bad game . I like the addition of legends like Cy Young . Also the graphics are good but nothing fantastic . The worst part of the game is baserunning . There 's only one button for either sending a runner forward or back , so you get with situations where runners end up going to the same base and there is nothing you can do about it . This is very annoying . Also , before every game you play , you have to save the game -LRB- which takes a while -RRB- , then after the game it has to load . It 's a bad game !
 What a terrible game this is . Only very young kids will enjoy the `` extras '' which are ridiculous . Besides the terrible fielder animations the game has a few bugs as well . -RRB- I hit a home run and the ball fell back into play , but the computer wouldnt field it so i had to reset the game -RRB- also the close ups of fielders are terrible , it always looks like your player is throwing home , even though he might be throwing to second ! In addition ... rey ordonez has hit 4 homeruns in 2 games for me -LRB- on pro mode -RRB- In conclusion , this is pretty much the same as last year -LRB- except for the horrible extra features such as having a home run derby in a livving room -RRB- the only really good thing about the game is being able to use hall of fame players , but the game play is very unrealisitc , and im sick of these monsterous polygonal graphics ... why cant these developers stay away from those ugly close ups forever ... -LRB- or at least until PS2 is out -RRB-
 The day I ordered this upgrade I posted a review of Links LS that was sincere and enthusiastic . Sadly , I have to revise that review after installing this version . It will not work , and it has made the earlier version unworkable as well . I have no working version of Microsoft Links LS 2001 suddenly.And I have a very normal system configuration . Powerful , but normal . Everything inside is Intel and the operating system is Microsoft as well as most of the software.Ninety percent of what is written about Microsoft is egregious slander . Another nine percent is accurate , but merely sour grapes from less talented people . This is one of those cases in the last one percent . Some paranoid management decision has ruined a great product.Without notice , copy protection of the most annoying old-fashioned variety has been added -- and does not work . Moreover , the installation process retroactively applies the tactic to earlier versions . Install this version and you 're rolling the dice on whether you 'll have any working version at all.It demands the program disk when you launch . Workable , if insulting , except it promptly crashes while attempting to `` validate the media . '' And so does the old version after you 've attempted to install this `` upgrade . `` After three hours last night and another four today , this is what I 've learned : a . The new version installs a `` Safedisk feature '' -LRB- a third-party copy protection scheme -RRB- that is not compatible with some CD drives . I have two , from two different manufacturers , and it is compatible with neither.b . The new version can not be run if Safedisk is not compatible with your CD drive . The Microsoft Knowledge Base uses the coy phrase
 I bought this game in hopes of having something fun to do on my computer as I am always working . The problem is that it wo n't work . It worked once . I called up tech and got a very friendly tech . He said I needed the latest update of the video card driver and also to completely uninstall the program and reinstall it . I did both and the game worked once , but never again . I have installed and reinstalled it a few times , but no go . I have a brand new Gateway notebook with Windows 200 Pro . You would think that a Microsoft program would work with Windows . Oh well .
 All programs have many bugs and even the patches do not seem to fix them . Must follow specific steps vice using hunch to gather evidence to solve the cases . I could not get CSI # 1 last case - I had all the evidence but the program did not agree . If smoother game play then it would be a great game . Another downside was that the CSI Miami game was on the CSI Dark Motives CD and visa versa ! But with all this said I am a fan and will probably get CSI 3 & 4 .
 My niece wanted me to try out a Nancy Drew game a while back , because whe thought it was buggy ; but it turned out to be her computer . However , I was n't too thrilled with the game , although it was inoffensive ; but there was no way to get Nancy to carry out her investigation at her own pace ; so it was actually difficult to collect some clues that I knew were there , but which I could make available except by finding other clues first . Eventually I decided I would n't bother identifying with Nancy Drew -LRB- just as well -RRB- , and gave up on the game , even though it 's outcome by then had become obvious.But although a shooter/adventure player mostly , I always thought a mystery-role-play game would be fun , especially if they designed it for adults.Well , maybe not.My problem with CSI began right away - I wanted to interview the available witness first , the game intended me to visit the crime scene first . So okay , I play along , at least until we have both the witness reprot and first look at the evidence ... . So we get back to the witness , and I wanted to ask questions , obviously ; so the game gives me a choice of prewritten questions to choose from , and ... No , wait , that 's not quite what happened.The apparent choice of question was entirely bogus . After the third question , it was clear that I not only had to ask all the given questions , but I had to ask them in the order in which they were listed.Which means that I had no choice , which means that I was n't playing any game - the game was playing itself , and I was just the little robot to press the right button at the right time to keep the program running.Well , but I 'm not a robot , and I think that such a game design strategy just sucks.What 's really needed is mystery game wherein you can write your own dam ' questions . Until then only those without a clue would play a `` mystery '' game like CSI .
 The first 5 games in the first set -LRB- CSI Investigation -RRB- were loads of fun and I had absolutely NO problems . In Dark Motives I can not play the first game for all the glitches and double taping . I am very disappointed in this one . I went to CSI web site and found -LRB- patches -RRB- but it did no good.Any suggestions ?
 I was disappointed after the first CSI game I bought some time ago . The with the first game , of this new set , never completely loaded the graphics and the second is inferior in the play .
 This game is extremely annoying for two reasons . First , it gets extremely laggy sometimes for no apparent reason . Also , the AI is not fun to play against . The AI is extremely fast because it does n't have to use the mouse . However , the AI is also really stupid , and it does n't have a good strategy , even on the hardest difficulty . So , playing against the computer is not fun .
 Admittedly , I am not a gamer and not incredibly patient . This game , which I am just learning , seems ponderous and time consuming . Creating this , collecting that , yada yada yada . I feel like I started this tutorial 12 years ago and am only halfway through it . I would much rather see fast numbers than human figures who go and do this and that . It also wastes a lot of memory on gratuitous preliminary screens that are not necessary.The play screen is awkward , in that the mouse moves the map if taken up , left , or right . But it only moves it down if taken through the ` administrative ' area , to the edge of the overall screen.Watching all these fairly nicely rendered figures work and travel is driving me insane with impatience . And the voiceover in the tutorial is really annoying . It appears that I do not get the choice of who -LRB- what character or force -RRB- I 'll be.I am not sure if this is a bad game , or that this type of play is just not for me . I am used to quick and iconic results , as in Risk II , which I really enjoyed , but which kept crashing almost every other game.This thing takes up over 175 megs on my hard drive , and yet I still have to have the disk in the drive to play . The whirring disk annoys me , too . I guess that 's because I assume it is wearing out my CD-ROM drive.I suppose this one will wind up in the stack of similar games I 've bought and do not play . Like I said , I 'm not much of a gamer .
 Are n't gold editions supposed to have both the age of kings and the expansion kit for a cheaper price ? Just got my game , and when installing , the game complains that without Age of Kings installed that the conquerors expansion kit can not install . I called Microsoft support and told them that I am installing a gold edition , and they said that gold editions only include the expansion kit for double the price . Never mind that both this Amazon and Microsoft site says that the gold edition includes both . Thank you Bill Gates . I guess he is trying to recoup some of the losses at the stock market ... I wa n't my money back . Do n't buy anything microsoft .
 This game completly sucks i hate it because it sucks no more to say
 Ok , this games cool if you leave out the corny camera angle the language that nobody knows like `` line-out , scrum '' , and crap like that . I wish somebody would just make a game without trying to go overboard . Unfortuanetly they did .
 I was pleased that Ea sports finally decided to release rugby in the USA . However if you are expecting the allround excellence of Madden 2001 you will be disappointed . it seems like they just chucked it together in a rush . The graphics are poor , every player is the same size , compare this to Madden where the players are indiduals and have a resemblance to the guy . There is no sidestep button , and the players do not have name/number icons , so you never know who has the ball . This is a major fault , would you want the hooker kicking the ball upfield ? or a prop making a long pass from scrum half ?? This is a major weakness . I 'm just very disappointed that the guys that brought us an amazing comparable game like madden on PS2 , could also bring us a game that looks like it shouls be a sega game from 1991 !! oh dear .
 I have played rugby for many years . I was excited when I saw this game , but am very disappointed by the performance . The camera angles make it very difficult to tell when you have the ball . One second you 're running back on defense and the next you have the ball and are running backward . The graphics are very poor , not anywhere near PS2 quality . More control of how the backline is set up and being able to reposition players waiting for the kick off would be handy.On the other hand my son who has never played rugby loves the game.I echo the advice of the people who say rent this game , unfortunately it appears to have disappeared from rental places and toy stores alike . Good luck trying to find it .
 im sorry but if anyone has played johna lomu rugby for playstation one then im sure they will be just as dissapointed as i am with this excuse of a game . i am aware that johna was not available for america but with the advances that developers are claiming with the playsation two , how can a game released five years ago for the playsation one be so supperior to this effort from EA sport , who i may add have done so well with their other sport games . No sidesteps in a game of rugby , thats like having no slam dunking in a basketball game!How can a company like EA sport fail to improve on a game produced five years ago by codemasters ????
 Well you got ta give the game some credit , for its orginality at least . I 've never seen a game like this before with a sim city view as you rescue innocent victims or chase down criminals . Now for the negatives . The game has terrible sound . The same music plays repeatedly over and over again throughout every single mission and that `` accident '' voice gets really annoying -LRB- u 'd know if you played the game -RRB- . Next , on to graphics . YUCK ! C'mon , the city looks like a mess of jagged lines . What a terrible sim . Then , the controls
 City Crisis is a helicopter simulation where you put out fires and rescue people from buildings . You can also use the helicopter to illuminate fleeing criminals with the night sun . Unfortunately , the game has horrible graphics and even worse game play , and the missions are redundant . I 'm just glad I rented it and did n't waste more money buying it .
 This game is an absolute let-down to those of us who wanted a game with helicopters in it . The very first mission you get called in to a fire . There are two beings on the roof , a police man and a dog . I took my time saving the dog and went for the police man . The dog died . I lost fifteen thousand points . I decided to go ahead and try again , only this time I saved the dog . The police man died . I lost eight thousand points . This was a bsolutely astonishing ! To think that an officer of the law is more expendable than a damn pooch!I went on with the level . As I was casually hovering above the city , I noticed the unmistakeable cry for help somewhere below , It was at the carnival . I lowered the chopper down , sent down the retriever guy , pulled up the victim ... . It was a Freaking pig !! Well I think it was a guy in costume , But still !! What the hell was he doing on top of that really tall building ?! After that one was a very strange case , a woman got stuck in a storm drain on the side of the street and needed to be airlifted out ! Why in the frick did they need a hellicopter for that one . pull a damn squad car around and help her out !! The game is just plain stupid . Unless you are five or extremely geriatric -LRB- Geriatric means old -RRB- you would not find this game entertaining ! The controls are sucky , and I ca n't even fly low enough to get to the fire without crashing into something . It blows that they grade you on chopper damage !! I guess the game is fine , if your looking for a laugh , but other than that , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !! Trust me on this one folks.P.S . the graphics suck too !!
 What can I say about this game ? Hmmm ... . Well , I can start out by saying that the graphics are simplistic , the soung is annoying , and the actual game , well , you are in a helicopter , which is impossible to steer and to do your missions , you pull people up and put out fires . Wow . Do n't get this game ; it 's awful . Do n't waste good money buying this garbage .
 City Crisis -- 0.85 starsCity Crisis is a total waste of money . poor graphics and sound , downright horrid control . You fly helicopters around , recuing people from buildings and following criminals in high-speed pursuits . I will say that it is an original idea .
 this game irritates me to no end . A top-down helicopter rescue simulator with horrible blocky graphics , tinny music and annoying sound fx , that awful `` accident ! '' voice that sounds after you beat one mission , and have to do another one with hardly any time left ... this game is not worth renting , and certainly not worth buying . The helicopter is impossible to control and the missions are impossible . worst PS2 game yet , with the possible exception of Sled Storm -LRB- PS2 version -RRB-
 The concept was very original and when I saw it , it seemed like a good rent . I rented it and the graphics were terrible . It reminded me of the Super Nintendo days . Despite this games originality , it was terrible . You wo n't get used to the controls for a while , and by the time you do you 'll be tired of this stupid game .
 this game sucked . No matter how good i did i could n't get past the first level . i got perfect scores and perfect ratings and still stuck on the first level.so gameplay-1 . Controls on the other hand were pretty good . it was similar to a real one with the joystick and all . the graphics were also good . so these categories-4 . many more choppers would have been greatly appreciated . three is not a good selection . so overall , this game was a wasted 5 bucks , and i dont recomend it to anyone else .
 I rented this game and I thought it was very hard and the graphics were n't exactly something to scream at . This game should have been made for PC , not PS2 .
 This game -LSB- stinks -RSB- . Do n't buy it . The graphics are par for a 64 bit system , not PS2 . The play control is beyond terrible . There is no variation on the weather ... it is always sunny and clear , and the missions are long-winded and stupid . The music is annoying as well . Do n't waste the -LSB- money -RSB- even to rent it .
 This is THE WORST PS2 game ever to infiltrate the market . It is worse than Tiger-Heli for the NES . Do n't waste your money with this piece of garbage . Buy GTA3 or Metal Gear Solid 2 .
 graphics , control , and music stinks.Waste of money even to rent .
 If you are used to SSX and Smuggler 's Run type of graphics thisis not you game . The stly of gameplay seems slow and not very interesting , it also is a unpleasent reminder of September 11th , putting out fires in burning buildings will not get my liking or intrest for a few years .
 The controls , time limit , camera and damage makes this game get you very fustrating . Trying to save people , taking out fires , and following a hijacked bus is almost impossible to do with the lousy controls , the time limit , the crazy camera -LRB- making you think that you are right by the rescuer/building , when you are really not -RRB- , and the damage that you can make to your helecopter WILL make you want to throw the cd out the window . Here are the reasons why you need a game shark.Game Shark CodesMaster Code -LRB- Must Be On -RRB- ECB6A980 1435371CInfinite Damage 4CAB3E54 1456E4FDInfinite Water 4CAE2EEA 1456F025Infinite Water Bombs 4CAE2EE4 1456E7D7Infinite Time 1CAE2CA0 1456E7A5Infinite Passengers 3CAE2FCC 1456E7A5High Score 1CAE2BF0 17E9C70C99 Others Rescued 4CAE2B04 1456E78899 Fire Spot Rescued 4CAE2BFC 1456E7880 Dead -LRB- Final Rescue -RRB- 4CAE2A50 1456E7A51 Rescue to Complete the Final Rescue 0CAE2A54 1456E7A64CAE2A54 1456E7ABUnlock All Levels 4CCEA558 1456B00C4CCEA560 1456B00CUnlock All Machines 1CCEA564 143FE7AC1CCEA568 143FE7ACPress Select For No Time Remaining 0CAE2860 1456E6A51CAE2CA0 61DFB00C -LRB- Need I say more !!! -RRB- Game Shark will really help you !!!
 THIS IS THE WORST GAME EVER , AND PLUS IT 'S SHOULD BE A SNES GAME !!
 Flying a Helicopter around and saving people never seemed any fun to me . It would have been better if it was a car game I think .
 this horrible . . i never knew a game could be that bad . ! . !
 Maybe I 'm a little dense , but after reading what this game was about , it sounded like it would be a good adventure game , however I did not realize by what was written about Treasure Hunt that this is a Internet Game Only !!! I would not have purchased it had I known . After playing it for a few hours , I was finally at a point to start the treasure hunt , the graphics are not of very good quality , and the game is slow and boring , I have already taken it off my computer , and am very dissapointed that it was a `` Internet play only game ''
 I did not realise when I purchased this item that it was an Internet-only game . After two quite lengthy attempts , I am thoroughly confused because there are no basic instructions . The instructions that are available seem to have been badly translated from the French language . I am having difficulty in even logging in to the game ! Disappointed at present , but I will persevere .
 I might be the only person left still using an Xbox , but I would like to warn anyone else considering this purchase against buying these controllers . I have two , and their responsiveness is poor , even when sitting six feet away with direct , unobstructed line-of-sight to the transmitter/receivers . Also , they tend to lose their connection regularly , especially if you are using more than one . There is no option to set them to transmit to a certain sub-channel , leading to confusion over who is who when they reconnect -LRB- you may start as player 1 and end up as player 2 -RRB- . If they were n't so cheap , I would return them , but there is n't much else left in the way of wireless controllers for the `` old '' Xbox .
 The Eye Toy is old and tired . My children quickly get bored with the truly lame games the Eye Toy offers . Complete waste of time and money .
 Many of the repetitive features on this game could have been automated and would have made it a much better game . There is too much repition . Buy Railroad Tycoon instead .
 I thought the game was really fun but after a few hours i got sick of doing the same think over and over again i wouldnt recomend buying this game .
 I believe I paid 3 or 4 bucks for this game but even then it was a waste of that money and of the three or so hours I spent trying to enjoy this game . This game is far too tedious -LRB- buying food for oil workers ? -RRB- and the gameplay shallow . This game is by a significant margin the worst of the forty or so games I have bought in my life .
 The only cool thing about this game is that you can choose whether to play as Harry Ron or Hermione . And three people can play at the same time . Aside from that the game is not very much fun . There is no camera control , so it is hard to see all around you which is really annoying . There is also no jump button , so you can not explore anything . Unlike all the other harry potter games there are no wizard cards to find . I always thought that was the best part , finding secret passages and wizard cards . all of that is gone in this game . In fact the gamecube game is exactly the same as the PC Goblit of Fire game . Do n't waste your money on this game . There is no freedom to do what you wish in this game . It is not challanging at all until you get to voldemort at the end and that part is so frustrating and stupid . do n't bother with this game .
 I am so disappointed . This game was very exquisite with its unique concept , good battle system and peeps of a great storyline . Why the 1 star review ? The terrible decision to make the normal ending of the game worthless , empty and hallow while making the `` true '' ending painfully difficult to achieve with only the help of guides and walkthroughs.Now , I 'm not against multiple endings ; it gives a game more replay value than normal , rewards people who put more hours in the game , and gives more opportunities to tell a story -LRB- look
 This game was the worst purchase I have ever made . I. . . am disgusted .
 i orded this game thinking it was for the play statin 2 but it was for psp so i couldnt play it im sure i woul have love it
 This remote was dead out of the box -- Logitech apparently has no quality assurance for their product . That 's bad enough , but their customer support is a nightmare . I speak American English . So does having to deal with an offshore operator who I could not understand make any sense ? Outsourcing their support to India saves them money , but if they do that , they should insure that their operators can speak in a way that native American speakers can understand , or not outsource it at all . Add to my frustration the 40 + minute wait I had each of the 3 times called . Then to be told that there was `` no XBox Harmony Remote '' , not once , but multiple times ... well , that 's simply not the way to support a higher $ $ product and to win customer loyalty . I 'm now told it will be a month before I can expect a replacement . The wait begins ...
 This remote would be a lot better if logitech would actually allow you to program the remote with the full capabilities of the xbox360 . For instance the whole purpose of this remote is full control of the xbox 360 . However when you try to setup the basic macros such as listen to music or watch tv it does n't recognize the 360 with having those capabilities . There are three separate ways to listen to music through the 360 . You can plugin your ipod , you can use xbox media connect software to connect to a regular pc or you can connect to a media pc . This remote does n't recognize any of these . There is also no way to force it to use the xbox in these macros . The same problem for tv . if you have a media center pc that you want to control with the xbox to watch tv , you ca n't setup the macro . The other problem is no media center hard button . If you do n't have a media center or pc these problems may not bother you . Honestly the regular xbox controller is really the best way to control things . What is most disappointing is a software update on logitech 's part could easily solve 75 % of whats wrong with this remote.I informed logitech of these problems a few weeks ago and nothing yet . The software that comes with it is also very frustrating if it does n't correctly setup things automatically it is a nightmare to try to manually setup the remote .
 Can not really review how the remote performs because never got to use it . When we opened the package the inside of the remote was rusted because for some reason the manufacturer thought it was a good idea to package with the batteries inside the remote.The batteries rusted and spilled all inside the remote.When I contacted the company that sells this item they said I could return for a replacement . I HAD TO ASK THEM ABOUT THE COST OF SHIPPING TO RETURN THE DEFECTIVE ITEM . THEY SAID THAT I WAS TO PAY !!!!!! AFTER DISCUSSION WITH THEM THAT IF THE ITEM WERE NOT DEFECTIVE I WOULD NOT BE RETURNING IT AND I ALREADY PAID MY SHIPPING TO GET IT TO ME I SHOULD NOT BE PAYING TO RETURN IT THEY SAID THEY WOULD SEND ME A PACKING LABEL.WHEN I WENT TO SEND THE ITEM BACK IT WAS POINTED OUT TO ME BY UPS THAT THE LABEL WAS NOT VALID AS THEY PUT A EXPIRATION DATE ON IT THAT I WAS UNAWARE OF AND IT EXPIRED BEFORE I COULD GET IF REPACKAGED AND SENT BACK.WOULD NOT DEAL WITH THIS COMOANY AGAIN .
 Bought this maybe 3 to 4 months ago and let me just preface with the fact that all of our equipment is new . -LRB- 8 month old TV , 1 year old XBOX , new receiver -RRB- At first it was perfect , then it started acting up . Namely , if you turned off everything while it was on one input -LRB- lets say Imput 3 for watching tv -RRB- and then tried to turn everything back on for the same activity , it would try to change the tv channel instead of the input . Then this morning I pick up the remote and the screen is completely cracked down the middle . Never was it thrown , tossed , sat on , or any other kind of extreme physical violence most remotes endure . The buttons still work as long as I remember what the screen usually displayed , but extremely disappointing for the price . Our other Logitech remote that is in the family room works much better , but that one is n't designed specifically for the XBOX .
 First thing I did with this remote is to try to control my XBox 360 . Out of the package , this remote runs VERY slowly on the XBox 360 . You press a button , the control lights up , and then about a half second later the command registers with the XBox ... As you press the buttons , your commands also seem to queue up . So you hit the button a few times while its waiting to register for the first command , it then does your repeat presses in the order you hit them . But wait , you can change the timings ! Everyone and their mother is telling me to change the timings but of course , timings are set to their minimum for the XBox . Then someone told me on the logitech forums that I have to aim it better ... this is a remote control . I shouldnt have to do anything other than point in the basic direction . These people want me to install a lazer sight on the damned thing.The TV setup was somewhat of a pain . I had to erase my entire configuration in order to use it . Then when I set up the TV and Cable activities , it seemed to create all its own inputs with the default names . I do n't like that at all ... it should be able to use the inputs that I define so my wife who wo n't use this control does n't have to memorize that the DTV input is cable and Component 1 is DVD.Next , I ca n't just power on and off the TV . I have to hit some other button that is asking what activity I 'd like to use first . When I do this , it makes sure all of inputs are correct . So because of this , it takes like 7 seconds for my TV to turn on when I tell it to use the `` Watch TV '' activity . I ca n't figure out how to tell it that these inputs that it is checking wo n't change ... Not to mention that when I did this , it seems to blip inputs and add a space to a movie I 'm recording because inputs from the cable box were set in the process . All I want to do is hit the power button . ---------- Buttons : First , there are missing buttons . Where is the `` List '' or `` On Demand '' button ? Where is the sleep button ? PIP buttons ? There are more but you get the picture . Page up/down ? Guide -LRB- Guide and Live were an afterthought thrown as words on the buttons you might use for the A/B/C buttons . They do n't even work as guide and Live until you program them if you want to -RRB- . How about the A B C buttons that have been on every cable remote that I 've seen in the past 8 years?For buttons that do n't exist , you can put them into the 4 buttons with paging on the LCD screen . That 's nice , but should I have to page over for buttons ? Luckily I was able to fit my buttons on unused things such as sleep on Star.The Live button also did n't work out of the box but I was able to fix it.The configuration utility is pretty confusing at first but it was doable . There are typos but I assume that is the mistake of the TV manufacturer.The LCD is a nice feature but it needs more buttons . ----------------------- Timing : Ugh ... why do I care about timing ? WHY ? Why can the manufacturer not provide the timing ? Setting timings is what you have to do when your remote responds too slowly for your items . Unfortunately , Im stuck with a slow XBox remote ... this is ridiculous but true.My TV Volume control was too slow at first but I lowered the timings and it works fine ... My settings were arbitrary and they worked . Guess I ca n't complain about more than having to set them in the first place . ------------------------ Software
 This did not work for an LG LCD television . The delay was too long even after adjustements . It did not work well on the Bose system either .
 I really liked this remote when I first got it , but various buttons have slowly become unusable over about a year and a half of use . The right-hand selection on the center wheel was the first to go . Then the buttons on the right side of the display screen started to act up . The remote is still usable if you ignore the center wheel and press some buttons really hard . It just seems that you 're not getting real quality for the money .
 I bought this remote from Best Buy for -LSB- ... -RSB- on 2/2/09 , which is apparently a rip-off after I saw it as cheap as -LSB- ... -RSB- shipped from a no-name internet store , and just over -LSB- ... -RSB- from good old Amazon . Now I am taking it back after a fruitless 2 hours of frustration . I purchased this item because my stereo 's remote had broken after years of faithful service , and since I run my TV and Xbox sound output through the stereo , I was stuck walking up to adjust the volume and switch inputs . It was like the late 80 's all over again , sans the acid-washed jeans . I figured this would be a good time to consolidate my various remotes and I had a -LSB- ... -RSB- gift card left over from the holidays , so off to Best Buy I went.Out of my TV , mini stereo , Comcast set-top box , and Xbox 360 , the ONLY item that worked correctly after setting the remote up was the Xbox 360 . I thought the setup would be simple , since this product seems to be marketed at people who may not be technologically inclined . -LRB- The main selling feature is one-touch activities like `` Watch TV '' and `` Play Xbox '' . -RRB- Indeed , you just install the software from a CD on your computer , then plug in the remote through an included mini-USB cable , and it walks you through with very straightforward menus , step-by-step . I was able to select my four controlled items as follows , down to the exact model codes
 It 's a good remote while it works . The setup was easy for me with the included software , but I 'm likely more technical than most -LRB- since my day job is as a web developer -RRB- . The two big problems with the remote are that a -RRB- it sucks batteries like crazy and b -RRB- the LCD screen is of poor quality . If you 're a day past the 12 month warranty period , Logitech support will tell you you 're SOL . What happens is that over time the LCD screen will begin to not display every other line , making it difficult to read . Mine crapped out at about the 18 month mark . If I was n't treated poorly by Logitech 's customer service department , I would just buy another one , but with the blowoff they gave me I think I 'll be buying another device .
 I 'd like to say right off that this is an awesome concept . I 've been wanting a Harmony remote for quite a while , pretty much since they came out . I finally took the plunge and bought the Harmony Xbox controller.I 'm completely disappointed.The remote itself looks nice , but is uncomfortable -LRB- I 'm sure I 'd get used to it , though -RRB- and some of the buttons require two hands for me to push -LRB- such as the soft-key buttons around the LCD -RRB- since I have to support the remote right underneath the LCD to get enough leverage to press in the button -- otherwise I press on the button and it just pushes the whole remote down instead of the button . I do n't like the click type buttons . I 'd much rather have rubber buttons like on a Tivo remote . Firm , but easily depressed with some sort of tactile feedback that is n't unpleasant . This remote has hard to push buttons , which admittedly do give tactile feedback , but it 's far from pleasant . There 's not enough `` give '' in the buttons , especially the metalized plastic buttons . The rubber ones are fine , but the hard plastic buttons are the `` high traffic '' buttons you 'd use all the time . Volume , channel , direction , activities , etc. . It 's just the number buttons that are rarely used that are rubberized . I will say that having the extra Xbox buttons are kind of nice because , hey , free buttons.My biggest gripe , however , -LRB- and it sure is a big one -RRB- is the online configuration software . It 's horrible . I 'm sure I 've seen Livejournal and Myspace pages built with more care and forethought than this frustrating pile of garbage code foisted upon the unwitting Harmony owner.First of all
 I 'm on the last of my sequence of a half dozen or more of these things . Harmony , bought out by Logitech , had a great idea , however , it was never properly implemented . This remote can be very helpful when it works , but then it lulls you into a false sense of security . Firstly , the most recently manufactured units have been as fragile as glass - my last one lost all the LCD in a day of use . But more importantly , there is a bug in the firmware that debounces the keys -LRB- software to detect when a key is pressed and when it is released -RRB- . Sometimes it will miss a key press , which is just annoying . More perniciously , it will miss a key release , and continue to send out the same code until another button is pressed . If it happens to be a volume button , volume will continue to increase or decrease until max or min . However , it if is a function that has not repeat effect , like input select , it will sit there , sending out the same code until is kills the batteries . Sometimes it burns out an internal DC/DC converter in the process . Logitech has had years to fix this problem but it refuses to admit that it exists . This is a rookie coding problem to fix , but my guess is Logitech bought out Harmony , and most of the Harmony software developers left for greener pastures . It does not bode well for the other Logitech Harmony remotes.It appears to be discontinued , but it was a great idea , though flawed , at a decent price and it had enough buttons to almost never require soft-buttons . I stuck with it because I had configured it for my fairly complex A/V system over a period of time , and it was simple to load the configuration into a replacement unit . I keep an old Win98 machine around , mostly unused , for the upload software . Now I have to find another compromise device , and figure out how to configure it for my system .
 I have had the remote for a little over 2 years and it does solve the problem of multiple remotes , BUT the batteries die quickly -LRB- so I had to purchase rechargeable batteries for it -RRB- , and now some of the buttons are non responsive and its always dying quickly . I paid $ 100 or so for this and I can not say I want to buy another Harmony as they are so many refurbished models for sale , so obviously something about all Harmony remotes make them non durable .
 The LCD screen on this remote is utter garbage . 2 weeks after initial purchase it turned into straight lines and now it is completely empty . Logitech keeps giving me the run around with firmware updates , reference numbers , safe mode , etc etc. . Buyer Beware .
 It turns off your xbox when you just want to watch tv . There is no video select switch and you to press seven buttons to get anything to work . The software wont fix any problems with it and you have to point it at whtever it is you want to work even with brand new batteries . You can get most of thee features with a ten dollar universal remote . Dont waste your money on this crap . Trust me . Complete waste of money !!!
 This thing is not a whole lot of fun . The software is remarkably slow since it is web-based and every click needs to be registered with Logitech . And there is no way to revert to a previous configuration if you make any changes . Which is where things get really frustrating . The remote is capable of controlling pretty much everything IR-based . But the software really requires a good deal of set up if you are as anal-retentive as I am . There are a lot of commands that the remote thinks it can do but that it ca n't actually do . For a simple example , take another Logitech product , the Z680 speakers . The software thinks that it can choose a specific input , like `` S/PDIF '' or `` Digital Coaxial '' , so it creates buttons for those inputs . However , the Z-680 control pod only lets you cycle through the possible inputs . So the buttons that the software creates are meaningless and non-functional . And that is with another Logitech product . My Sony TV had 52 buttons created for it . About 8 actually worked . So I went through and deleted each button from the configuration . Each deletion takes several mouse clicks . Each mouse click takes several seconds . And then repeat that process for the other 9 devices I wanted to set up . In the end , I 'm very frustrated , but the remote does almost everything I want it to .
 This crap broke in like 4 months.Before that it was ok . It was annoying having to switch from TV to DVR .
 Let me preface this by saying I never write reviews , but I thought it would be a huge disservice to my fellow Amazonian shoppers to not speak out about this product.First of all , do n't buy this product . Much like yourself , I read reviews for products before purchase and solely base my decision on what the consumer has to say versus any description a company writes about their product . It was the summer of 2009 . I had just purchased my new Panasonic plasma screen television , Onkyo 7.1 HTIB and XBox 360 -LRB- with HDMI output -RRB- . The only thing I needed to tie the experience together was a central command unit . Enter
 Great flexibility . It can control almost all my home theater system . But bad quality and not durable ... after 14 months of normal use , LCD is not displaying properly and the buttons are not responsive as it used to be . -LRB- heck . . I even treat this remote as good as my digital SLR -RRB- My cheap 20 dollar universal remote outlasted this expensive piece of junk . Would not recommend this product and simply waste of money .
 Logitech makes superior products and the ones that I own have performed well over time , except for this remote . After four years of use , buttons that control DVD playback have failed . It is a physical problem ... the contacts under the buttons started to lose connection and slowly deteriorated to make the unit useless.This is an expensive remote , and there is no excuse for a product of this type and design , used exclusively in an adult-only household , to fail from its physical design and construction . As with most consumer items , repair will likely cost as much as I paid for the remote , new . The alternative is to discard it into the global Himalayas of electronic device garbage . Totally unacceptable .
 Yes , it 's for my wife . Too many times have I gotten the call where I 've had to explain to her that in order for my son to watch Curious George , she needs to set TV input to Video 2 , set stereo to Auxiallary , turn on the Xbox , turn on the remote control , blah blah blah.So I got her this for X-mas , and put all the other remotes away . Now with one button she 's got Curious George or Cars playing , and with another she 's watching DVR 'd episodes of Oprah . I love being able to customize all the buttons and the order in which everything happens.This remote just works nice and easy . If something is n't where she wants it , I can reprogram it . We 're not slaves to the remote , it works for us . And the best part is that my work meetings no longer end in people laughing at me and saying `` I do this twice a day . `` Get this remote . If not for yourself than for your poor , technoilliterate loved one.EDIT : Did n't last very long and I do n't know why . Replaced it with another Logitech that lasted less than a year -LRB- son put the second one in a glass of water -RRB- .
 The problem with the 2-D shooter genre is that it 's very easy for developers to turn out weak , uninspired drek that will still sell well to a niche market ; shooters are n't nearly as popular as they used to be and fans will snatch up the new ones with little hesitation . Sadly , I was one of them.Gunbird 2 plays looks and plays almost exactly like Strikers 1945 on the Sony PlayStation , and believe you me , that is NOT a good thing . The graphics look horribly dated ... I know a great game does not require eye-melting visuals , but come ON . Systems less powerful than the Dreamcast consistenly produced games that looked far more impressive than this . Capcom 's insertion of characters from their more well-known games does nothing to increase Gunbird 2 's appeal . There 's precious little depth to the gameplay , as well . The stages are very short and you get from one end to the other simply by using your special attacks at every opportunity and continuing as many times as you need to . There comes a point where continuing will send you back to the beginning of the stage , but instead of making you more determined to beat the game , it just annoys you.It seems that most shooters are really good or really bad . There 's Einhander , there 's G Darius , and then there 's ... this . Life is too short to waste playing bad shooters !
 Look I love my old school sprite shooters but this game gets old really really quick . I promise you will thank me about this . It IS however a good rental game . I bought it , I couldnt help myself , before playing this . I hade all of 10 minutes of fun then the games was over ! It is soooo short that the only life we get outta of the game now is multiplayer and even that is old . Look if I were you I would wait for a game called GigaWing 2 which is scheduled for release this year . It is 10x better than the original and features high resolution sprites instead of the ... CS2 we get here or on GigaWing 1 .
 I love old style 2D shooters but this one is just dull . The graphics are nice -LRB- 2D -RRB- and for about 5 minutes I - almost - had fun , but then I did n't want to play it anymore . I ca n't quite put my finger on why this game fails but suffice it to say that it 's nothing memorable . Reccommended only for people who are absolutely starving for 2D shoot-em-up action .
 I bought this game thinking that since it was for PS1 that 's why it was so cheap . Wrong . It was so cheap because there is nothing to it . When I first began playing , it took me a day or so of fooling around to get familiar with the buttons and the action . Then I actually started on a `` real '' mission and before I knew it I had finished the game ... in like 45 minutes !! What the ... ? There are only a few short missions and they are very easy.The graphics are great , but I was expecting this game to be like the original Rainbow Six game with a bunch of challenging missions . I ca n't believe I wasted bucks on this game . I even went back and played it a second time to make sure I had really finished it . Yep , sure enough the credits began to roll and the game was over just like that.I would skip this game since just about anyone can finish it in under an hour .
 This game is horrible . when i got this game i thought it would be great , like the other R6 games , boy was i wrong . The AI is too smart , they even shoot you if you are completly silent and out of site , makeing the levels impossible . You die in 2 shots , the graphics could be much better , and to top it off , there are only 5 levels . Your best bet is to get Rogue spear .
 Can you believe how many bad games are really out there ? This game does nothing right . I can barely control the guy , enemies are able to find and kill me in a matter of seconds before I have ANY time to react , and the game is incredibly short . The Playstation One simply could n't handle the Tom Clancy games . Avoid .
 This game is horrible . I started playing and I sold it to gamestop within the next day for $ 2 . And I bought french fries at McDonalds withthat two dollars . I turned it on and , it turns out , there was a guy there that I did n't see cuz the graphics were so fuzzy . Did I mention how the enemy seems to have telepathic powers . If you 're cawling , in the dark , under heavy cover , some how a guy 50 yards away sees and shouts to his buddies -LRB- in terrible voice acting-its the same voice for every guy in the game -RRB- something like `` HEy U. '' And then u die in about 1-2 hits , so if more than 1 see u , your pretty much dead . And to to ther pinpoint accuracy and the ridiculous recoil your guy has , even if one guy sees u your dead . And what the @ # $ % s wrong with the aiming thing , in looks like a red blur that cover a quarter of the screen . Trust me , pass this one up , buy food at McDonalds with the money , and buy Ghost Recon .
 Rainbow six
 This game is terrible . There are about seven weopons and about five levels.Don ' t waste your money .
 I bought this game being a fan of White Wolf RPG 's , but was pretty disapointed with this . On the plus side , the graphics and sound were both impressive . The level scenery was great and the bosses were creative , though not particularly challenging.Unfortunately , the greater part of the game is spent running around hacking apart endless hordes of nearly identical zombies . This goes on level after level with no real changes . I 'd recomend renting it if your a White Wolf fan , you 'll easily be able to beat the game before you have to take it back . I ca n't imagine wanting to play it again after you 've beaten it once .
 Bad movement , bad story , bad voices , bad characters . Just a bad game all around . If you want to have a bad time , this is the game for you .
 Well , ... in single player this game is tediousat best a will last 2 days , thats how long ittook me to finish it ... and finishing it camewith an complete desire to Never play it everagain ... . alone that is.With more than 1 personthis is great game to laugh about and spend acouple of hours playing , but it still gets tediousand seems pointless very shortly , i do n'treccomend this game unless you like mindlessgaming experiences .
 I was bored of this game within a few minutes . It seemed like it would be a better Gauntlet and looked like it was going to deliver . The opening screens are amazing and graphics during the game are great . However , gameplay just is n't interesting . You pick your character and then run around and kill hordes of creatures with a variety of weapons . That 's it . To make it more annoying , the camera does n't move well with you at all , making it difficult to see what you need -LRB- want -RRB- to see.Although Gauntlet falls far short of Hunter in the graphics department , it is much better overall game . I 'll stick with that .
 I rented this game and its terrible . Its extremely repetitive , you just go around punching the same button in front of different enemies . Graphics are pretty good but the replay value is nill , multi player only forces you and your friends to suffer , and there 's no strategy or skill involved . There 's my .02 .
 we all play halo for hours on end at work and i was looking for another 4 player game and this seemed like the a great choice based on all the reviews i read . so the four of sit down and try playing for about 15 minutes , decide the game is simple , boring and you just pull the triggers alot and kill numerous zombies , it takes no skill . we turned it off and started playing halo again .
 Why did Hunter The Reckoning dissapoint ? My friends and I could n't wait for this game to hit stores , and 15 minutes into the game we could n't wait to switch back to HALO . Many zombies , great graphics , but unfortunately thats pretty much it . The game gets repetitive and you are special if you can tell one zombie from the other . If you are looking for a 1-4 player or co-op mode in a game I recommend Halo 1st , then Gauntlet before Hunter the Reckoning .
 Have you ever heard the old adage that the average human uses only 10 % of his/her brain ? Well , `` Hunter , the Reckoning '' uses only about 5 % of the Xbox 's awesome capabilities . In some respects , your average Gameboy game is more sophisticated than this stinker.Example
 this game looks nice and is mildly entertaining , but , is much too short , much too easy and overall , a let down . if you enjoy games that last more than 4 hours
 I saw Hunter on the shelf and thought it would be an interesting game to play . To my complete dissappointment , I learned otherwise . You simple kill a constant stream on zombies until you reach the `` boss '' . The zombies keep coming . You circle , shoot , circle etc. . . Then move to the next area and repeat.Hunter does become more interesting toward the end , but by then it did n't matter to much for me . Hunter is generous on continues , so there is no worries there . I give it 2 stars for being on X-box . If you like none stop action . This could be the game for you .
 I was less than thrilled with this game , going solely off of the White Wolf name without at least renting it first or investigating why the price tag dropped from $ 50 to $ 20 at most stores . What you get is a product with a workable storyline that is virtually unplayable . First off , you ca n't change your camera angle -- the game decides it for you . This makes it difficult to tell where the next hoard of zombies is coming from . Aiming is almost impossible , so you 'll empty most of your ammo clips into the air before that hoard of zombies closes in on you . Finally , the characters respond sluggishly to the controls . I could have lived with the camera angle and poor aiming system if my aspiring Hunter was n't lumbering around like a pregnant water-buffalo . Ultimately , a disappointing addition to my X-Box collection .
 This game is a little repetitive and the company that publishes the Game -LRB- Interplay -RRB- wont release the codes . There is an invincibility code in the game it says as one of the tips but the ... company wont release it . The only ones released was Max damage , All weapons , and STUPID Sound Check . And you can only do the all weapons code once every level ... The only reason I suggest buying this game instead of renting is that it takes a while to beat unless you play for at least 6 HOURS A DAY EVERYDAY until its due back . It is worth checking out though .
 Even with no hype-fueled expectations , I was still let down by this game . The developers immediately seem to get defensive by actually stating on a load screen that 70,000 man-hours went into the development of this game . It does n't show . I 'm not a big fan of the horror/action genre . Even so , I know a good game when I see one . ` Resident Evil 2 ' was a good game . If you mixed equal parts of Resident Evil , Gauntlet , and frustratingly bad game play , you 'd have ` Hunter
 I watched the long intro . which was interesting , but started playing and it is the same old hack/shoot run-around game . Not much excitement here . After defeating hundreds of zombies and tagging some blue icons , the tasks became repetitive . Rent the game before you purchase to see if this is what you are looking for .
 I 'll start off with a disclaimer
 I bought this game . It had a good start with the cutscene at the beginning . It really had an interesting plot
 This game is hours of mindless frustration , and boredom . If you do n't love slasher films , this game is gon na -LSB- stick -RSB- ! The camera angle is terrible and you have no control over it , which makes aiming nearly impossible . The bad guys -LRB- zombies with guns -RRB- pop out of nowhere continuously like Night Caster , and i have OFTEN gotten so many enemies on the screen that the game bogs down . While the glorious xbox does its best to make the game pretty the animation is terrible , and cut scenes look like the PS one . All in all this game is n't worth -LSB- the price -RSB- . Hang onto your money and wait for the price to come down-way down-like used . Or buy a good game , HALO , JSRF , Gotham Racing , GunValk , BloodWake . Im taking mine back today .
 At first when I played this game I thought it would be fun , but NOPE ! I was wrong . The controls and gameplay are possibly the worst . And the graphics could have been a little bit better . The main problem with the game is the gameplay . All you do is run around shoot and slice up zombies/ghosts/vampires that seem to never stop coming . So basicly you got to just run away while shooting otherwise you are dead . Sounds like fun , but its only frustrating and then just boring after a while . I took this game to a game trade-in store and got at least some money from it . I reccomend RENTING this game , and I 'm not sure if its even worth that .
 For those of you familiar with the pen & paper Hunters , and are looking for an electronic version - this is NOT it . If you played `` Vampire the Masquerade Redemption '' on the PC , again this is NOTHING like it . If you want a hack & slash game with tuns on glitches and next to no story line , this is the game for you . Unlike what one may expect of a game based on a role-player game , you can not distribute experience point to customize your character , nor can you upgrade weapons & armor . You can only aquire the weapons you find -LRB- which are severly limited -RRB- , the only time you can save is at the end of each level , and the controls are overly complicated . This is a linear game with non stop hack & slash . The only good point to the game is the graphics .
 I got borred of this game before I got done with the first level . All you do is shoot continuesly attacking monsters that get harder and harder to drop as you go on . The bosses are rediculously hard and the story line could have been thought up by a two year old ape . The graphics are alright and the gore is cool but thats about the extent of this games qualities . Rent the game do n't waste your money !
 First of all , I really wanted to buy this game from the reviews it had been getting , but in the long run I am glad I did n't . I had read all the reviews and previews and thought this would be like `` resident evil . '' However , after renting it , I was truly dissapointed and would not recommend this game other than a rental . This game is ultra hard , even for really experienced gamers . If you do n't have at least three players , it is almost impossible . Forget about just doing single player , you just wo n't last . Second , it 's very boring . The whole game is just cutting up zombies and weird creatures over and over again . It really gets old . The story itself seems to have good thought behind it , but please do n't spend your money on this game . Give it rental , because that 's all it 's worth .
 We only gave this one star because that is as low as we could go . If we could go any lower we would give it a -5 stars . Do not waste your money or time on this game . It -LSB- stinks -RSB- .
 Listen people take your money that could buy this game , and flush it down the toilet , cause it would be better spent . This is one of the WORST 10 XBOX games that has ever been created so far . I mean it seems alright at first . Then you get to playing it and there are more and more enemies , until you 're extremely out-numbered . Than you die and its hard to earn more lives . Then the story line just seems to disapear for a while . This game is POSSIBLY worth thinking about renting , MAYBE ! But I would ` nt even rent this game if I would have know how bad it is .
 Its too bad . I was actually pretty excited about this game initially . Why not ? It has a pretty intriguing story , admirable spooky , misty graphics , and a variety of cool playable characters . So why is this game such a dissapointment?There is no stategy or gamemanship required , whatsoever ! To make it through the entire game -LRB- which I did -RRB- requires nothing more than constant movement of your character and a quick -LRB- and strong -RRB- trigger finger . This is more of an arcade-style game of the `` Space Invaders '' genre . Hordes of bad dudes constantly chase your character and you shoot them until your finger falls off . Its fun for the first hour or two and thats it .
 I thought that this game would be a great coorperation play game with a twist like Resident Evil . However , I found that this game was horrible in the multiplay arena . The game was easier -LRB- and slightly more fun -RRB- to play one player . There were way too many times when one player would get killed because another player was accidently trapping them.When will companies come to the conclusion that sharing the same screen just does n't work on multi-player ? Split it up and allow each user to move freely !
 Before I purchased Hunter , the game was elevated to almost mythical status by my friends as we desperately sought a multiplayer fix for the Xbox . We read about this game but could n't find a copy anywhere for days . When we finally got it , all this game had to do was NOT be total garbage for us to love it.It was total garbage.Gothic levels full of zombies are supposed to be spooky . That does n't mean the levels have to be bland , 4 color affairs -LRB- Brown , Gray , Dark and Darker -RRB- where the lighting is often to dim to see your similarly bland character running around.Strategy is non-existent in Hunter . You fight wave after wave of zombies that spawn in front of you without even trying to hide the fact that they are dropped in by the game . Bosses rely less on A.I. than on a million HPs that take forever to take out with the characters ' woefully underpowered weapons.The 4 player co-op is `` hair-pullingly '' bad , as the players are stuck sharing one screen . Power-ups are freqently just within reach , but you are unable to reach them as you are stuck in place until your buddies move up to your area . `` Ah I 'm stuck , move you idiot ! '' is a common refrain during a Hunter game session , and its not always said in good fun . The shared , limited Continues for dead players exacerbates the frustration of group play .20 dollars is a good deal for a game , but Hunter is a last resort for players starved for a new game . It 's mediocore , uninspired game design at it 's best . A new add-on game is coming out soon , but my question to the game 's developers is `` why bother ? ''
 But the game is so hard . There are no difficulty settings so if you are n't a 11 year old with a no job . . You might get frustrated .
 Fun but hard to figure out how to get to earn chess sets . It needs an instruction manual
 You can tell that Little League Baseball for GBA had some good intentions from the start . Unfortunately , almost every aspect of the game falls far short of any other baseball game out there . There are so many issues that I do n't know where to begin . You can not control motion on pitches , which means the fancy pitch selector has no function except asthetics . If you hit a home run , you do n't watch the ball flight ... just an immediate splash screen saying `` Home Run . '' The backgrounds and animations look nice atleast , with many different fields and stylish 3D batters . Unfortunately , the batter clicks and skips from missing frames . Some boys have girl names and visa versa . The worst thing about it is that some elementary baseball rules are ignored . Do n't tag on a fly ball , no worries ... just keep running.Overall , this game should not be purchased by anyone wanting to have fun playing a game .
 This is the worst product I ever puchased . It is made very poorly and does not charge .
 I bought one of these after a week and the first time I used it one of the prongs that are meant to charge the battery broke off . I tried to call the company 3 times for some kind of replacement but found out that they dont like answering their phone . I had to buy another one.The price might be nice but save your self some time and trouble and do n't buy this charger .
 The graphics are a bit like an old Zelda game , but is kinda fun not as exciting as i had hoped .
 I thought this would be a great product . The light is so bright and white . But it still causes such a strong glare on the screen that I spend a lot of time trying to figure out how to hold it . WORSE STILL , it 's super heavy ! It takes 3 AA batteries ! So unless you are holding your GBA flat while playing it , this can cause it to flip out of your hands ! Why risk dropping your GBA?Don ' t waste your money on this . It 's just another bad GB light that does n't do what we need one to do . ...
 Instead of purchasing this Flood Light , I would invest in the new style gameboy . The Flood Light does improve visibility , but not to an acceptable level in my opinion . We have tried other lights too and have been disappointed in them all .
 well my kids LOVE this game for the 2 days it worked , now it only locks up . Ca n't return it so I am Stuck . It is not scratched , just locks up . had tears from my kids , and vowed to never buy another game again . Stuck with $ 30 and no game to play .
 it is annoying to me , and the ending was a bomb , I would n't recomend anyone to buy this game
 I guess the other reviewers of this game who gave it such a high ranking may not have tried to play it all the way through to the end . BEWARE , just over half way through there is a section called `` wreck on the deck '' which will cause anyone but the most die hard game fan to give up and simply throw this game back in the cupboard forever . My kids have given up on it and so have I since this particular jumping section requires nothing short of nanosecond timing . If you do n't believe me read the walkthroughs at Gamespot where it took one dedicated gamer over 50 attempts to pass this section . Save yourself the frustration and avoid this game .
 This game blows big time . Thats all i have to say .
 I agree with the reviewer that said you would want to give up on the game after the `` wreck on the deck '' impossible jump sequence . Never mind the young kids or the slow adults , my 19 year old and his friends smugly offered to get us through this part , but could n't do it ! Save your money .
 I give Team 17 credit for trying but this is just garbage . Why would you take an award winning formula and destroy it ? Worms World Party was , and still is the best worms game yet , and it had just about zero changes from it 's big brother Worms
 When I first played Worms Armageddon on Nintendo 64 I was addicted . That game brought endless hours of Multiplayer Mayhem . So naturally when i heard that a game called Worms Blast was out for Gamecube I bought it immediately ... WITHOUT CHECKING THE REVIEWS . Man what a waste of money . This is not worms people . Its a game called , `` bust a move '' with worms as the main characters . I would not recommend any gamers to acually buy this game especially true Worms gamers . My opinion is that its not even worth a rental . -LRB- but you can be the judge of that -RRB- . Just go download Bust-a-move for free and save your money for a real game .
 When I first played Worms Armageddon on Nintendo 64 I was addicted . That game brought endless hours of Multiplayer Mayhem . So naturally when i heard that a game called Worms Blast was out for Gamecube I bought it immediately ... WITHOUT CHECKING THE REVIEWS . Man what a waste of money . This is not worms people . Its a game called , `` bust a move '' with worms as the main characters . I would not recommend any gamers to actually buy this game especially true Worms gamers . My opinion is that its not even worth a rental . -LRB- but you can be the judge of that -RRB- . Just go download Bust-a-move for free and save your money for a real game .
 The Worms Blast game start off fun , but gets progressively harder . Sometimes , you ca n't even beat the level . But this game is bad , because some levels are quite impossible . That 's all .
 I got to thinking , why not just release another graphically enhanced version of either Worms World Party or Armageddon . The classic characteristics of those two are being sacrificed just to be replaced by graphics and a plot more related to a puzzle , then attrition .
 Once again the ESRB ratings show just how worthless they are . The target audience for this game is likely the three to six year old girl . Unfortunately the game involves a tremendous amount of reading , which pretty much rules out most of the target audience . I sat with my daughter for an hour playing this lame game , reading huge volumes of stilted dialogue for her . While the game requires the ability to read , the manual dexterity required of the player is minimal - boring for anyone who 's spent any time around a GameBoy.Avoid this game at all costs .
 I read the reviews beforehand . Bought it anyway . Way too hard for a non-reader . My daughter is 5 , and she can read some sight words . So unless you have a prodigy reader . . this game is not for your child . Even then , your child would probably not be interested in a simple game like this . This is meant for a reading child ... very boring game . The Dora Around the World or the other princess game is a much better pick .
 This game is alright if you know how to read . I bought it for my 5 year old daughter and she is just learning to read . I do not recommend this game for children that ca n't read . If I knew that it required a lot of reading I would not have bought it .
 I was not happy as I thought I was ordering the movie on DVD ... I was never in the area where games are ... I came here doing a search for the movie with that title ... Until it came I thought I was getting the movie .
 this game is horrible . I do n't what what kind of drugs the game 's developers used to make this . It is simplyly bad . Its story is horrible , the graphics are horrible , and everything in this game is horrible . there are stupid monsters for you to kill , and lots of spiders to kill . i bought thus gamee thinking it was a King Arthur 's cool adventure , but this game is baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad . please do n't buy this game . save your own life . please .
 I agree with everything the other reviewers have said about this game 's good points , but it has one HUGE issue ... this game is REALLY short . My 4-year-old son finished it in less than an hour on Christmas Day . That 's it ? He enjoyed it enough to play it over again several times , but I felt cheated . The pictures you see on the box are pretty much the entire game . I think there are less than 20 areas , some of which only take a couple of minutes to get through . As good as the game is , it hardly seems worth the money . I suggest going to the Big Idea website for some FREE Veggie Tales games instead . My son still spends more time on that website than on this game .
 I wanted to like this software . I think very highly of the Blue 's Clues franchise and the products they usually put out , but this game has been a nightmare.We are running this on a PowerMac G4 with OS 8.6 and 384 MB RAM . We 've never had any problems with kids ' software , and made the supreme mistake of installing the game while our son waited to play . Four times in a row , with no other applications running , the cursor locked up and we had to reboot the computer while our two-year old howled in frustration . Later , alone , I looked at the README file , which suggested I turn off all extensions except QuickTime and the CD drive , which I did . It worked for a while , but then the cursor disappeared . I then accessed the developer 's web site but found no FAQ or patch there , and no way to contact them.From what I could see of the game it was interesting and fun . I think that explanations of gameplay are sometimes wordy without being illuminating to a young child , but once the child understands the individual games and the Word Book it would be enjoyable ...
 I was disappointed by the organization . This CD focuses mainly on letter recognition rather than accurate letter-sound association . The directions for each task were difficult to understand . The introduction was too long . I work with a special education population and programs whose introduction is long loses the attention of many of the children . There was confusion between letter names and the sound they produce within words . The program included blends in the letter/sound recognition tasks which is confusing for children ; often , these concepts are taught in simple one syllable words avoiding words with digraphs and blends .
 My problem with this CD is the lack of concise instructions.My husband and I had a hard time figuring out how to make the words , and where to place them.Also , alot of the games are so convoluted.I think that the real reason my three year old has n't gotten discouraged and stopped playing is because it 's Blue.Plese more clues Blue !
 I have a -LSB- PC , this was for a MAC , so I will try to find someone to give it to that have small children . I may be hard , since I am over 65 .
 I can not get my 8-year old grandchildren to stay with this game . The story moves along v-e-r-y slowly , the animation is not particularly good , the acting is terrible -- it sounds like adults -LRB- trying to sound like kids -RRB- simply reading a script . Also the player has to play the game as different characters requiring much too frequent switching , which the girls find annoying . I 'm sure there is a beautiful moral message in this game somewhere ; it is too bad more effort was n't put into the game itself .
 I played this game years ago and thought it was so cool , on a demo disc . I decided to waste $ 50.00 on this thinking it was obviously worth a lot of money for a reason . Was it ? NO ! The voices are extremely corny and the music is even more corny . But forget that , the game itself is corny . . You basically just throw barrells at other characters , what 's so great about that ?
 Poor Graphics , NOT user friendly . Just avery bad program . DO NOT PURCHASE .
 I love the resident evil series . The games have great graphics , controls and storylines BUT resident evil survivor is horrible ! The graphics are bad , the controls can be confussing and the storyline is not thought out well at all . I 'm happy Capcom tried something new with Resident Evil survior but this game just does n't match up to the original games . Buy any other resident evil game but just do n't buy this one !
 In Resident Evil
 This game was the worst of all the resident evil games the only reason why i played the whole thing is to get to the end . i bought the game thinking it would be a cool resident evil game but it wasnt the aiming was hard to control and 2 hours later i beat the game and have never touched it again . if i were u id just read what people say about the game and let it stay like that .
 okay look to buy this game youed need to be on somthing this game is easy i beat it in a hour and 2 min dont waste your mony i only got it because it looked kool rent then buy but if you do be ready to laugh at it then beat it with no difrent ending -LRB- exsept for who dies at yhe end -RRB- I was dis aponted with the tirant so no buy
 Please do not buy this game . I bought it just because it said Resident Evil on the cover and it ended up being a big mistake . First off the controls are horrible . There is no strafe so you have to turn and move , and it can get really annoying when the enemies circle around you . You can only aim slightly up or down , but no matter where you hit a monster it gets hit in the chest . The graphics are also sub par , resident evil 1 had better graphics and it 's like 3 years older than Survivor . The worst thing about this game though is the save system , the only thing it saves is the guns , and herbs you have , not where you are . So each time you start from the very beginning , which means going through the cut scenes all over again . It 's also a highly repetitive game , there are no puzzles , or interesting settings , just shooting , and the shooting is n't even that fun . The only reason I gave this game 2 stars is because it 's plot does add to the Resident Evil universe and because shooting zombies is always fun , even when done horribly .
 Let me begin this review by telling you that if you are going to start this game , prepare yourself to finish it . Put on some nachos or grab a large drink because there are no save points . The game follows the classic RE storyline , but adds a twist . This is a nice game to obtain if you are not digging the new plot-deviation of RE4 , 5 , and 6 . Also good to complete your collection in the same vein as Umbrella Conspiracies . So , on to the game itself ... The game will take you anywhere between 1 and 3 hours to complete . Any longer and you should be checking your pulse . I was getting tired of not being able to save , mainly out of boredom , but I toughed it out anyways . My first time through I played lazily and ended up with a B ranking and 2:32 something . I have no intentions of improving on my rank , as the only interesting part is starting the game over with all the weapons you acquired in the previous run-through . A quick read through -LRB- or follow-along -RRB- with this guide
 Well To start off , over all the game sucks . The Story Line is ok but it is more a BOOM BOOM BOOM story line . The Grapics are not as bad as they say , But its still boing overall . If it came with guncon support , and you could still walk around with the controler , it would have been great just because shooting the screen adds alot -LRB- for some reason -RRB- also CG cut sceens would have been nice . So this game is worth renting , but since there is no gun support a game the take 1 hour to beat -LRB- which would be ok if you could use the gun -RRB- Is only worth renting
 On the whole this game was a great disappointment . I found the graphics and backgrounds to be poor - -LRB- particularly when compared with `` Quake '' and `` House of the Dead II '' -RRB- . The puzzle solving was extremely unchallenging -LRB- keys that float above tables ? -RRB- and the fighting sequences were slow . All in all I 'm sorry I bought it . It seems to me to be a rip-off of the very successful Resident Evil Series .
 I must say that this game IS REALLY -LRB- ... -RRB- UP . I LOVE RESIDENT EVIL BUT THIS GAME IS A JOKE . FIRST IT COPIED A LOT OF THE MONSTERS OFF MY FAVORITE OF ALL RE2 , for now anyways cause i know that they are making RE Zero and RE4 REALLY SOON AND IM REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO THAT . SECOND OF ALL I READ SOME OF THE REVIEWS AND 1 CAGHT MY EYE SAYING THAT IT WAS BETTER THAN ALL OF THE OTHERS , AND I MUST SAY THAT THAT IS A TRUCK LOAD OF -LRB- ... -RRB- . SORRY BUT IM TO FAR INTO GAMING TO PUT UP WITH THIS -LRB- ... -RRB- . Y DID U DO THIS TO ME CAPCOM ??? I CAN GO ON AND ON ABOUT HOW MUCH THIS GAME -LRB- ... -RRB- BUT I DONT HAVE THE TIME TO DO THAT CAUSE AS U CANT SEE I HAVE ALREADY WASTED TO MUCH TIME ON THIS -LRB- ... -RRB- GAME . IF U DONT HAVE THIS GAME , DONT GET IT !!! I LOVE RE AND CAPCOM GAMES BUT I MUST SAY THAT THIS WAS A WASTE , I AM HOPING THAT 0 , 4 AND I HEAR THAT THEY ARE MAKING SURVIVOR 2 WILL BE BETTER , WITCH IM PRETTY SURE THAT THEY WILL BE AFTER SEEING RE : CODE VERONICA X. WELL I HOPE I GOT THAT THOUGH TO THE PEOPLE THAT THIS GAME WAS PRETTY -LRB- ... -RRB- , AND WHO EVER GAVE IT MORE THAN A 1 SHOULD RECONSIDER WHAT GAMES THAT THEY PLAY AND SHOULD CHANGE THERE TASTE . IM SORRY TO ALL RE FANS FOR THIS DISASTER AS U CAN SEE IM A REAL BIG FAN AND IS JUST AS MUCH DISAPOINTED AS U.
 1 . the graphics are rehashed from the other games mostly RE 2 only they look crappier .2 . the items are floating , spinning defiances of physics and common sense .3 . the motion capture is terrible , the enemys that are gifted with the ability to jump -LRB- a skill denied to the player . -RRB- the enemys seem to slow down in mid flight . the zombies shuffling motion seem to be all the more drunken puppet show than usual . everything looks like crap4.the voice acting is terrible these people did not care about their job . it was like they were all bored . they all sound completly detached from reality . they have no emotion in their voices . except the sewer dwelling homless balding hobbit . it sounded like they had a grand total of 3 voice actors for the entire game .5 . the weapons are completly random , you have the Glock 17 and Sig Saur and a Berreta in the same group as a Nambu which is just confusing . and to furthor confuse you , you get a M70 grenade launcher which is almost useless . then a Spas 12 and a S&W ; model 19 revolver . and you dont get enough SG `` bullets '' like their the rarest ammo to find .6 . the 2 children in the game are stupid lilly apparently survived only because she apparently is so brain dead the zombies either except her as one of their own or fear her because she could make them dumber . and lott has the most anoying voice ever .7 . Game play is boring there is just massive dead zones with nothing there . for no reason except to take up game space . the targeting is just annoying the dogs are like crack head fast and will fuse with your legs after a period of time because you cant look down . and while they are down there humping your legs ? they absolutly refuse to do damage to you . the zombies are just there they are no real threat . they are really more of a minor annoyance or target practice . the Hunters and Lickes are just epic failures due to their decreased intelgence attack and HP . it is the only RE that i know of that you can shoot a hunter point blank with the 9MM pistol while standing still and not only live but get away with fine health 6/10 times . health items are way to sparse competing with SG ammo in frequency .8 . the translations -LRB- the phone `` hang '' up -RRB- that is the line that says it all . `` I cant remember '' is stated at least four times like a rapid fire machingun of i cant remember caliber . is just blazing away . this is one game that i wish i could havebeen hit by one of those bullets and forgotten about it .9 . in conclusion it is not as bad as the playable failure known as big rigs . its still pretty bad . but at least the enemy has AI . and there is some concept of physics and there is background music . but it doesnt play like an RE game . there is just one thing i cant get over it seems to be so laggy and slow .
 Resident Evil Survivor , the black sheep of the Resident Evil family . Compared to the rest of the Resident Evil 's , yes , this game is bad . However , it is not unplayable . The lack of any and all save points means that you 're going to have to go thru the entire game in one sitting ... and that can be quite a challenge . However , considering how easy the game is , it 's not because of difficulty . This game just is bad . Now , if you have a bunch of friends over who love Resident Evil like you do and you just want to be able to say you beat them all , this game does have some redeeming value . It 's great for a laugh with a group of friends at just how bad it is . This game is more of a collectors item for those who want to have the entire Resident Evil series and who want to beat them all rather than for those who want a fun and enjoyable game to play . Stay away unless you 're Resident Evil thru and thru . NnyCW for CapCity .
 If Survivor had been released in Duke Nukem 3D 's heyday , it might not seem as bad . This first person shooter is actually well-designed -LRB- in a retro sort of way -RRB- , allowing you to roam freely through every building of a small town , including a movie theater and a nightclub -LRB- both highly reminiscent of Duke Nukem 3D -RRB- . Graphically , this game even * looks * like Duke Nukem . The blocky , brightly colored textures on walls and buildings are straight out of Duke -LRB- to say nothing of Doom . -RRB- The only difference here is that the monsters you fight are 3-D models , not bitmapped.Unfortunately , it 's now 2001 , not 1995 ... and , needless to say , Survivor was designed for RE fans , not Duke fans . For that reason , RE fans will dislike this game even more.Why ? Let me count the ways . For starters , RE games are noted for being the scariest games ever made . But Survivor is n't scary at all - not even for one millisecond . How do you do * that * in an RE game ? Worse , this game is way too short -LRB- even an average player will be able to beat it in two hours or less . -RRB- Also , with one or two exceptions -LRB- see below -RRB- , the enemies ' AI is dumb , dumb , DUMB.Want more ? Here 's the biggest letdown
 It was n't as good as I thought it would be , it was kind of disappointing . I got all hyped up about it for nothing . The graphics and sound were bad , not to mention the story . It is n't worth the $ 30 . The first Resident Evil is worth $ 30 . I 'm excited to play Resident Evil Code Veronica -LRB- originally for Sega Dream Cast in Spring of 2000 -RRB- for the Playstation 2 out in July I think . Code Veronica is the best Resident Evil game I 've ever played , and is well worth the money .
 Well I am a huge fan of the resident evil series , and i was expecting the same out of this game as what capcom had put into the other three games . Well lets put it to you this way . I beat the game in one hour . Actually it was 57 minutes , i was extremely dissapointed . The graphics are alright i guess the game play is the same as all the resident evil 's and the first person view was a nice change . the first person view did have a huge disavantage , YOU CANT SEE BEHIND YOUR CHARACTER !!!!!!!!!! This game did offer a quick Turn option which allowed your character to turn around quickly but still it was a pain . The boss was well also a dissapointment . He was simple and well annoying actually -LRB- not as annoying as `` nemisis '' -RRB- . The best part of the game was when i was beating the last phase ... thing ... and he picked my character up in the air and hit me a few times ... that looked cool from teh first person view . But the plot was weak ... if you are a resident evil fan then by all means rent the game caus ei believe its worth playing just not worth buying
 this RE game is by far the worst one . The controls are poor , the story really is n't that great , and does n't add all that much to the actual RE plot . It 's more of a Tangent to the storyline than anything else . It was also way too short , as it only took me about 2 hours to beat , and there are no save points . There are no real shocking or really really scary moments as in all the other RE games . It is also very easy to pass better weapons as I did on my 1st time through the game . -LRB- I missed all but like 2 or 3 weapons -RRB-
 Trust me when I tell you that this game is not worth a rental let alone a purchase . This game is definately the weakest of the RE series . This is obviously a last ditch effort to rake in a few more dollars with the Resident Evil name . This first person shooter game lacks any originality or creativity . It 's the same thing over and over and over and over -LRB- well , you get the idea -RRB- . The gameplay is sloppy and the animation is a joke . Your character is lame and slow and seemingly stupid . Do n't bother wasting your time or money on this game . The reviews that you 've read up to this point are correct ... wake me up when it 's over .
 Let me start off by stating that I got this game with the strategy guide , and I have yet to see what any of the pages look like . This game is painfully easy and un-advanced . In Japan , the gamers were able to play this much more like `` House of the Dead '' games , rather than in the US where it seems that Capcom wants to cash in on the American lust for first-person shooters . The light gun is just something you CAN get for the PSX , but it is n't what you might call `` Standard Issue '' for the conventional hard-core gamer . A light gun additive being required or at least allowed -LRB- I 'm not sure if it is , a gun costs sometimes ... , and I have a few freinds who had problems playing this with it -RRB- would have made this SO MUCH BETTER ! Also , give us rapid fire for the guns!Also , while I have seen much worse , the graphics can use a serious polishing . Also , the animation is distorted by the fully 3-D world , and the first person view destroys all fear techniques used so well before.The sound is terrible . To start off , there is really no decent music like in RE 's 2 & 3 , the music in here is really both bland and pathetic . Also , the voice acting is pretty bad , but I 'm sure that it would sound a whole lot better if it did n't sound like you were listening to them underwater . However , while the sound it awful , it 's nowhere near as completely worthless as much as the sound in the first RE title -LRB- mainly the beyond dismal music and voice acting -RRB- . Now , the story , well , actually , it 's not so bad . It does have a really good setup and a few good plot twists , and also the main character was told to investigate by his freind Leon S Kennedy -LRB- the hero of RE2 who could with one finger kick Chris Redfeild 's ... ! -RRB- ! Also , the area 's that are only accessible through replay have some excellent files that rival the best of RE 's 2 & 3 . However , the decent -LRB- although terribly short -RRB- storyline is destroyed by all lack of realism in the gameplay . I mean face it ; you fight a Tyrant only 20 minutes into the game , the puzzles solve themselves , enemies ca n't hit you when they are directly behind you , and even if they could , you have SO MUCH health , and you generally start off in the same basic location when you start with your next `` life '' . All in all , this game is far from worthless , but even further from being able to hold onto the `` Resident Evil '' title it holds . I liked the first one , I was blown away by the second , the third one rocked my world , and now ... this . I 'm now just waiting for Code Veronica for the PS2 , while playing something else .
 Many of the reviews are right on the money with this game . I was very disappointed with this game . I cuurently own all of the Playstation versions of RE and was happy with the series up until now . I highly anticipated this game after I had completed RE3 . When it came out , I heard that it was a cousin to the dreamcast release of Code : Veronica . Well , Dreamcast gets alot of points over playstation for having a better game . My first disappointment was the firstperson point of view of this game . The second was the length of the game . When I bought this game , I was ready to spend a couple weeks on another RE title . But this one took about an hour to beat and left me wanting more and more . That may be one good point of this game , that it left people wanting more of the classic style RE . Which brings us to another point . Although the storyline adds to the RE series by bringing us to a remote island owned by Umbrella , where -LRB- ironically -RRB- the Code : Veronica game takes place , they happen to leave no possibility of any future stories on this island by the end of the story . I think any future RE titles would have to expand to other locals , which in my opinion , would just be a little too much in a series that has been a great story up until now . Long story short , if it werent for Silent Hill , I probably would have given up on the whole RE gaming due to this latest title .
 I saw this on the shelf and thought , `` a RE game , firstperson ... for -LSB- not much -RSB- ? '' . I clammored to the checkout counter and raced home to pop it in . Now you have to realize , I have n't bought a game since RE 2 came out , so I was pretty excited . The first thing I noticed was the dark grainy graphics and the fact that you can only look left or right . There is no jump . You ca n't look up or down which is kind of a pain when you are trying to see the layout of the room . At first I thought it was cool to have unlimited ammo , but it takes away the jitters of entering a room not knowing if you have the ammo to clear it . I also kind of like that you did n't spend hours wandering around an endless estate trying to find one little clue or animation that would allow you to advance to the next area . I hate having to pay $ 2.50 a minute listening to menus just to discover where a screwdriver is . Then again , when you do find it , it 's a good feeling . You could walk through this game blindfolded . There are no real obscure objects and they might as well have a blinking neon sign telling you everywhere you need to go . I searched all over and never found a typewriter . It seems that you ca n't save until you die or beat the game . This is n't really a problem because you get like 9 continues . I used 2 to beat the game , it took all of 2 hours ! This was really dissapointing because it took FOREVER to beat the first one . I remember those hermit-like days huddled over my controller with the same expression as the zombies I was shooting . Remember the anxiety you felt entering the sewer tunnels where the giant spiders lurked ? In this game there are a couple of spiders but they just sit there stupidly until you shoot them . What 's the point ? The coolest part of the original was that every time you thought it would end , there was a whole other area to explore . Well , Survivor has a few areas to explore but they only consist of 4-5 rooms each . The ending is also very obvious because it is completely stolen from RE 2 . I also want to comment on the graphics , they were getting better and better , especially with Code Veronica , but Survivor looks pretty grainy , almost like a Sega CD game . I did n't find the shooting too difficult to master , in fact this whole game was very easy , way too easy and way too short . There is absolutely no chance of you missing anything because if you push the L1 button you do a quick turn towards any enemy in the room . Once they are all dead , the same button faces you towards whatever items are there . These items are never hidden . They are always hovering , spinning and glinting light . There are a couple of instances where you can choose to enter different doors for a slightly different experience , but they always lead back to the exact same path . The annoying thing about this is that once you pick your path and try to backtrack , you are blocked and a sign comes up reading `` there is no need to go back '' . What if I want to go back ? It 's like they 're trying to rush you through the game . `` Here 's you 're items , we 'll make it easy to kill the bad guys , here 's where you 're supposed to go now just move it ! '' But it is a 1st person RE game , and that 's just cool . As I say in my description , save the -LSB- money -RSB- and rent it .
 Why could they not make a better story in the stupid game.And most of all what the hell happned to Leon Kennedy.He comes out in part 2 and that is the end of him.They do n't talk about him no more or what happens to him.They could have put him in this part with a better story .
 Well what can I say . This game doesnt really suck , but isnt that good . The idea of a first person view was a good idea but this game lacked in several areas . The plot wasnt very good at all . It seemed as if the game was just thrown together to just put something on the market . I 'm a huge fan of the resident evil series , but this game was a real dissapointment . My advice is to definatly rent the game first -LRB- it isnt very hard . I beat it in one day -RRB- . If your a fan of the series then its definatly worth playing , but i wouldnt pay for it .
 I try not give this game a rating because it does n't deserve any!I beat it when I rented it in 2 hours and twenty two minutes then I was bored and beat it at 1 hour and 55 minutes!I ca n't believe some think this is better then RE2 or even Re3 this game is very bad and should n't buy it!I have n't ever fought at alligator but someone said back their he is in the game oh well.Probably the only fun part is where you climb down a rope then 40 feet away from you and you better shoot fast because the walls are 1 feet away.While he just walks!Also in the background you here shooting sounds then after you kill him and his music stops there 's a room then Tyrants music hits again and he will chase you into every room.Then stops!There is no way you can say Survivor is better then Code Veronica or RE3 or Re1 not even Re2 the original bad one of the group!Rent dont buy !!
 RE Survivor was very disappointing for it lacked the thrill of the previous RE series . I definately did not like not being able to see my surroundings or if I had a creature behind me ... . I felt like returning the stupid game because it was one big waste.So Please Please save your money on another game
 This was one of the most disapointing games I have ever had the misfortune of playing . I am glad however that I rented it and did not buy it . There are so many things wrong with this game , that I wont even try to list them all . First of all the Evil series is known for its great graphics , -LRB- particular Nemesis -RRB- but this game has horrible , blocky , pixelated graphics . When you get close to zombies it gets worse . The zombies arent even well done as they had been in the past . They all look the same , and when you shoot them you get the same damage animation . Before if you shot a zombie in the head its head exploded . Next comes the controls . Horrible , just plain , horrible . This game needs a light gun . Furthermore moveing and shooting is very important to the game , but it is so hard that you need to stand and fire to be succesfull . lastly the game just is n't any fun to play . I found my self haveing to force my self to continue on . No rewards at all for keeping on . In the end this game could have worked if they had made it a straight shooter with a gun . This hybrid should be put to sleep .
 when i found out that there was a resident evil game that i did n't own , i had to have it . although i still have this game for collection purposes , it was awful . this game does n't seem to fit into the storyline of the resident evil universe , which is fine , but the gameplay and graphics were lacking , at best.capcom tried something new with this RE game , and i daresay , failed . unlike previous RE titles , this one is played as a 1st person shooter . all elements of horror that i have come to love in the franchise were not present . i am no longer counting my ammo , and rationing my herbs . i like , very much to use head and solve the puzzles and whatnot in RE games , but this game was nothing more than a mindless ` run and shoot ' attempt at turning a profit.as for the graphics , and engine ... well , let 's just say that my personal belief is that a few people were bored one weekend , and decided to throw together a game , to be completed by monday , and on the shelves by tuesday . -LRB- not literally , but it would n't shock me to learn that capcom invested little to no time in the testing and improvement of this title . instead of pushing back the release date to clean up the graphics , and improve on thier product , they sent it right out to the consumer.i feel stupid for buying this game in fear of perpetuating the game developer 's assumption
 WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT ! FOR THE RESIDENT EVIL SERIES , THIS GAME REALLY SUCKS BIG TIME . THE STORY IS LAME , THE CONTROLS ARE DIFFERENT FROM PAST RESIDENT EVIL GAMES . FIRST PERSON SHOOTERS SHOULD HAVE NEVER HAPPENED WITH A RESIDENT EVIL GAME . THESE TITLES WERE MEANT LIKE THE FIRST 3 RE GAMES , THIS GAME SUCKS LIKE RE DEAD AIM . IF YOU WANT A GREAT RE GAME , GET THE FIRT 3 , PLUS CODE VERONICA X , AND RE 4 , NOW THESE ARE RE GAMES . NOT THIS LAME RE SURVIVOR .
 Do n't waste on second of your time with this game.It belongs in the trash . No saves ,2 hours to beat the whole game , and the worst graphics ever.You 'd have more fun being attacked by a rabid dog than playing this game . Just say no to this one.It 's not even worth renting !!
 I feel this game was a total waste of time resident evil fans took the time to see what this game had to offer and we get something that was probably put together in the spur of the moment . If they would have put aot more time into it then , possibly , it would have been a good one to add to the list.but with the horrible graphics and short screenplay lets just say I was glad I rented it first before I purchased it myself . I mean the puzzles were n't even difficult you did n't even have to back track like in the other games . I would n't recommend this game to anyone due to the simpe fact that they put in no effort into this and simply let me as well as many other resident evil fans down .
 this game was easy . I beat it in one hour . who in thair right mind would like this game . sure it was fun ... . for the first hour . thairs no new ending depending on wich rout you take -LRB- besides who gets killed at the end -RRB- over all it was too easy . I would stick to 1,2,3 , and code veranica .
 If you like Resident Evil , or First Person Shooters , this is not the game for you . This one fails horribly on both fronts . There is no look around feature essential to any FPS , so you can be standing right in front of something , and not be able to see it because you ca n't look down ! Not to mention the fact that the plot is weak , and has nothing to do with the continuity of the other games . Steer clear of this one at all costs .
 Actually if it werent for the zombies i proabably wouldnt know that it was a Resident Evil game . This game gives RE a bad name ! First of all its short ! Short as in an hour and a half of gameplay for you first time playing it ! Next is it has an awful story line ! You a dude who lost his memory and thinks hes vincient -LRB- who is bad -RRB- and latter recovers his memory . Bosses ... . im not sure if there are any , you run into Mr.X a few times but thats all besides the final tyrant ... very easy ! I just stood there while he ran in circles around me and jumbed over me and shot at him . Graphics ... hmmmm not good not good ! Another thing is if your gon na play it and have a short ammout of time and think you can just play it , get a little ways in and save your wrong ! No saves , nope none . Have i already said this game is easy ? First time playing my ranking was an A . What about ammo , will you ever run out ? Not in this game because you have unlimited ammo with the hand gun ! Pluse you find ammo like crazy for the other guns ! If you like playing bad games or are a huge resident evil fan get this game ! If not forget it and play dino crisis2 or resident evil code : veronica !
 The fact that you can not save your game is really a big draw back ... you can save only if you die ...
 All I have to say is that this game is horrible . I found little in it I liked and I loved all the others in the RE series.I found the gameplay to be almost `` pre-RE1 '' .
 I bought this game shortly after it came out , went home and beat it in something like 2 hours , if i remember correctly . The game is completely linear with only 3 varying paths that meet up shortly there after.The items require no exploring to find as they sit a foot above the surface spin and flash.Also , the graphics are the same ones used in the previous games in the series but zoomed in/blown up making everything look so much more pixilated.Even though its the same graphics , enemies , and setting , this is not a Resident Evil game . Imagine it more as a terrible version of the original Doom.Skip this game ! But , if you 're really interested in it or need it to complete your RE collection , do n't spend more that a couple bucks on it , or better yet , just pretend it does n't exist .
 Residant Evil
 I 'm a huge Resident Evil fan , when I heard there was a moive that comming out for it , I was elated ! -LRB- if there was going to be one -RRB- When I heard that RE Survivor is comming out to the US , I was delighted ! When the game hit the rental shelves I immediately took the game and checked it out . To my surprise , the gameplay was almost like Doom or Time Crisis with one flaw ... the annoying cross hair you have to aim with ! Unlike the other Resident Evil games , you can shoot at the general direction with your gun and hope to hit a zombie or two . With this you have to move the crosshair around and aim it at the enemies , imangine trying to hit those rabid dogs with a little dot.One great thing about this game is that Capcom has managed to put a semi interesting story behind a this sad game . If you are a Resdient Evil fan like me and know the story about Racoon City and the Umbrella Corp. . The storyline is pretty cool to follow through.Final Thought - Try avoiding Tryant and shooting at him isnt fun , shooting at specific body parts doesnt matter , unlimited bullets is kinda nice , and the controls for this game is poor.If you are a true Die Hard Resident Evil fan , this is the game for you . But if you a unsure about the theme change , 3rd person to 1st person shooter , you better risk it by renting it like I did . I was pretty glad I 've rented first , I 've bought myself the copy of Resident Evil 3 when it came out and it was AWESOME !
 This game starts out rather interesting , if you can from the start ignore the fact that the US has prevented the use of the light gun . -LRB- I understand this is because of the recent school shootings . However , without this function the game looses it 's apeal rather quickly . -RRB- This game has little varition between each senario . Other than two option choices at the very beginning the game is exactly the same through out . It rapidly looses it 's challenge and gets completely boring after the you start the second senario.If you are trying to improve your first person shooter skills , rent this game , but I would not recommend purchasing it .
 A complete waste of time for any Resident Evil fan . I cant belive Capcom actually put this game out without light gun support . The game play is terrible , and zombies dont react to certain spots when you shoot them ; I had to shoot one five times in the head just to bring it down . The story seems like it was written up in less than two hours , and the characters are the worst . If you want a better time , buy one of the RE books , there a million times better than this .
 This rates up there with my Sega GT review for worst game ever . Worst graphics I have ever seen for a playstation game and the system is in its 6th year now . All I want to ask Capcom is why release this trash to the public . I 'm the biggest Resident Evil saga fan ever . I bought this game with high hopes and was let down by the biggest video game company in the business . I played it for about an hour couldnt take it anymore and threw the game out of the window . Capcom why I ask why ?
 I had a headache playing it ... This game is really bad . Not scary , not cool . Is the worst in the exellent Resident Evil Games ... Just buy if you have ALL the other Resident Evil Games and you want to complete your collection .
 I rented this game a couple days ago , and it -LSB- s -RSB- really , really -LSB- bad -RSB- The graphics are the worst I 've seen in a Resident Evil game and the plot itself is laughable . The first person shooter option -LSB- is -RSB- totally -LSB- bad -RSB- too ... I 'm warning you people not to buy or even rent the trash ! What a waste of my money ! Whoever gave this game more than one star does ` nt know what real video games are ! Play Resident Evil games , except this one . Complete Garbage !
 I LOVE the Resident Evil series . But this game , ow my , it 's the worst game I have ever , ever played . I was thinking to burn the CD , but the fire could be really disappointed burning one bad CD . I know you wo n't find this helpful , but , on my opinion , DO N'T LOOSE MONEY !
 Ok let me tell you this . RENT DONT EVEN DARE BUY ! The only thing that kicks on this game is first person view mode . But this game is not even fun . You work for umbrella in some crazy city a little after resident evil 3 and you fall from a helicopter and get amnesia not knowing you are the most feared person in the world . You screw around killing zombies but you never ever ever get to have any fun at all . Whats with capcom now ? Why are they so lazy now when it comes that they make even greater games than konami does . Now one game i reccomend is Resident Evil Code Veronica , its very fun .
 Oh dear , i rented this and COMPLETED this ON MY FIRST GAME . Apart from using enemies from resident evil 2 , this game is boring and a waste of time .
 this game is probably the worst racing game i have ever played . that is probably because i have played midnight club 2 , need for speed
 I just got a nuby memo card does not work good . I was playing Chrono Cross saved my game at Disk 2 come back 3 hours later and it says it contains no data so it ... worse than anything .
 I ca n't tell you if this software is any good or not , because it hangs on every PC I 've tried . I 've installed it on an HP , a Compaq , and an Intel dual processor machine , and it hangs each and every time . All three machines have powerful video cards , tons of memory , and the latest ActiveX drivers , but I can not get the software to run . The best I can get is the `` ride coaster '' function , running in the lowest possible resolution , on one of the three PCs . The `` build '' function kills all three PCs immediately . I 've run Roller Coaster Tycoon and Ultimate Ride on all these PCs with no problem , so I do n't know what 's different about this software , but it 's a complete dud for me . The tech support is useless - all it says is `` get a better video card '' . Not much help at all . Save your money , and buy Ultimate Ride .
 Bought it for my Palm TX from Best Buy.com - The package says 202 games for your pda but I only found 47 that I can halfway use . Some of those 47 freeze up the pda -LRB- new card -RRB- and cause it to reboot -LRB- palm os 5 -RRB- . A couple of the games are ok . But the rest is freeware that only lasts a few days . Bummer . Dealing with BestBuy.com was VERY cool but there was no mention of it being a bunch of shareware games . Oh well-live and learn .
 its simple but fun its a game you play it twice and your done but its worth it if your a gamer who playes once a week this is a good game for you but any pretty good gamer will be done with it in a few hours like most collections you choose whether to get it or not but i personally do n't think you should buy it .
 its simple but fun its a game you play it twice and your done but its worth it if your a gamer who playes once a week this is a good game for you but any pretty good gamer will be done with it in a few hours like most collections you choose whether to get it or not but i personally do n't think you should buy it .
 its simple but fun its a game you play it twice and your done but its worth it if your a gamer who playes once a week this is a good game for you but any pretty good gamer will be done with it in a few hours like most collections you choose whether to get it or not but i personally do n't think you should buy it .
 I ordered Call of Duty 2 . I got Call of Duty 2 Game of the Year version -LRB- twice after returning the first one -RRB- which is actually part of a larger box set according to the print on the manual . There is no key-code in the manual or on the back of the manuel . I ca n't play this game at all . I 've returned it once for a replacement and I 'm going to return this one for the exact same reason
 This is n't the most exciting game in my kids ' collection but it 's probably worth the ten bucks . The games are about as good as flash games you 'd find at Nick Jr. or PBSKids online
 I was disappointed . I had hoped this game would mean some of our son 's computer time would teach him about the Bible and religion , but there 's nothing really eduational or religion-oriented about this . It 's just games , one of which is bumper cars -LRB- try to bump others -RRB- and one is target shooting , two activities that seem a little contrary to the morals I wanted encouraged . Also , the game is pretty short . It also requires a much better system than the minimum recommended - we have to play it on my computer instead of my son 's . Still , it 's fun to play and my son loves it .
 I have always loved the Veggie Tale movies but this game was a huge disappointment . The package offers parents the option of setting time limits on how long your kids can play this game but trust me , my 5 year old lost interest long before any time limit would have ended . It only has 5 activities and they wear thin very quickly . There is so little substance to this game that it is pathetic . BORING . Buy something else .
 I was dissappointed that the game did not function on our computer . The computer meets the system requirements , yet things like the bumper cars and roller coaster do n't work . My daughter loves veggie tales , but becomes very frustrated with this game . I also agree that it would have been nice to have some of the spiritual values taught in this game as well .
 This one is not worth even the bargain-bin price . I barely know where to start.The physics are horrible . The ball seems to float around like I 'm on the moon instead of in full Earth gravity . And did you ever see a pinball accelerate UP a ramp ? Neither did I until I tried this game.The variation among the 20 tables is rather limited . Remove the background graphics , and you have mix-and-match among 3-5 basic table designs . Even the background graphics are clustered into 5 themes -LRB- space , history , monster , sports , and places -RRB- . There 's not an original idea among them.The menu system is slow and cumbersome . The background music is annoying . I think more effort went into the artwork for the table backgrounds and box cover than into the gameplay itself.Skip this product and play the `` Space Cadet '' pinball that is included with most version of Windows . It is far superior to this product.And next time you walk into a store and try something from the bargain bin , do n't make the same mistake I did . Look up some reviews before you break the seal on the package .
 Sorry ... I really wanted to like this collection , and gave it a fighting chance , but it 's just so incredibly boring . yes , the physics are too surreal , the flippers do n't act right etc. , but all that could be overlooked if the game play was there . It is n't . There is nothing special at all about any of the tables.Didn ' t the designers ever go out and play real pinball games ? I could play something like Whirlwind -LRB- the one from the early 90 's -RRB- or T2 for hours , they had some interesting features and good game play ... heck , some of the stuff from the 50 's is more fun than these tables . * sigh * Just lame , boring stuff .
 The other reviewer here claims this game is better then Monster Truck Madness . I have to disagree , MTM was fun , it might not have been the most realistic game , but it was fun . this game is n't that much fun , first off , there is not enough trucks or tracks to choose from , 6 trucks that I 've never heard of and each one of them is pretty much the same . It 's not that the graphics are n't nice or the controls are hard , no , the game has some decent graphics and it 's quite easy to control , but it just does n't have the fun factor.But as for realism ? ummm , no . First off , if you flipped a monster truck , or any vehicle in real life , you wont be turned back over and be on your way again with a deduction of 3 seconds to your time ... no , you 'd probably be seeking medical attention and the truck would probably be a write off , especially if it dove off a cliff into the Grand Canyon.The trucks themselves seem too unrealistic , the tires kind of look pixelated and the truck looks too smooth to match it . Going over cars is not really any fun , there all the same , 3 cars parked together and you do n't leap into the air when you hit one , you just go through them as they shake you around and crash away . There are chickens and cows and a few things to run over , but the chickens do n't squish and the cows seem more like the cars , they should go splat or do something other then look like they laid down for a nap.I ca n't say the sound is very good , the sound of the trucks engines is a bit annoying , the music is next to none , and sound effects are decent when you get to one but the sound of the wheels on the ground where annoying after 10 minutes.Realism ? No I do n't think so , realism would be trucks that bounce of cars and shoot upwards , one go at keeping all four wheels on the ground , a truck that does n't run after you drain the 100 % meter to 0 % -LRB- whatever thats for in the game -RRB- re-fueling , tyre changes , pit stops , broken windscreens , dead animals , crushed cars , whiplash ... i could go on and on ... this is definitely not `` realistic `` I could n't even find any cheats for this game . I was hoping for something to speed up the driving cause it just seems so slow for a truck supposedly doing 100 miles an hour.I got this out of a cheapie bin , it might be ok if you want a monster truck game , i 'd recommend monster truck madness over this , I 'm not saying do n't play it , you might like it allot more then I did , but in my honest opinion , once you 've beaten all the stages which is very easy to do , it has no replay value . I 've had it for one day and already uninstalled it and left it to collect dust .
 While this game is fun to play it is too short and too simple for an experienced RPG player . When compared to a game such as Medal of Honor it 's too short the missions are n't as detailed as expected which leads to a quick completion of the game .
 I installed this , started using it and my son started laughing and told me that it was for kindergarten . No way this is for middle schoolers .
 Google ubisoft age of mythology to see problems with license key . That 's what I received from cdromusa . Item was not the one in the picture . Spend two bucks more to get the full version that allows online play .
 i ordered this item with much worrie after reading the reviews and to my sadness all was true ... Do not buy this item . . I got the one cd disk , and after installing it - it took me another 2 hours to find and fix all the bugs from the downloaded cd just to get `` age of mythology '' to work . . I played part one but upon trying to get the expansion to work `` titans '' ive found that it does not and will not work . . It crashes upon trying to open the folder . . i tryed asking for help with 0 actual real life person help . . just an automated auto reply telling me to send it back . . the shipping would cost as much as i paid for the game . . So please take warning and spend the extra 5 dollars and get the real game so you dont end up like me ... sigh
 We tried several times and could not get the Titans portion of this game to work . This after waiting over a month for it to arrive from the UK , was a huge disappointment .
 I received two copies as ordered but it was the Ubisoft pirate version with identical cd keys NOT the official copy that is pictured
 There is no soul to this game . It 's all just about numbers . You have to visit every state regularly or the state begins to turn to the other opponent -- no matter what ads you have in that state . In the end , it 's about visiting every state as often as possible and putting out more ads than the opponent . I got 5 organizations to back my candidate , and still broke even with the opponent -LRB- who had none -RRB- , so it appears the organization sponsorship is a temporary benefit . I played this game once , took about 2 hours , and now I 'm ready to give it away . Could have been much better . Another gripe I have is this
 This game sucks . The 2008 game was great , save your money , this is crap . do n't buy it . I want my money back . Not worth the time to open the box it came in .
 The game starts out as a very quick , lively game involving campaigning to become president . While put out in time for the 2004 Election season , you can choose among a cadre of many different politicians , from modern senators , to ex-presidents , to `` legends '' such as George Washington , Ulysses S. Grant , Abraham Lincoln , Thomas Jefferson , etc.The routine is a very fun , turn-based thing in which you must travel across the country , build campaign headquarters , give speeches , pay for ads , hire political operatives -LRB- such as smear merchant to lower your candidates approval in the state , or even intimidators who raise your approval by 5 % per turn -RRB- or political capital to gain the support of organizations such as the NRA , NAACP , Women 's groups , environmental groups , etc , and fundraisers.However , as soon as election night comes around and you either win or lose , that 's pretty much the end of the game . There 's no replay value in the game , as everything goes exactly the same way and can be fully accomplished within an hour
 I ca n't get this game to work properly . The states do n't show up on the map . The company has so far provided little assistance on this matter . Like so many games in recent years , it is heavy on graphics -- which even here are cartoonish and silly -- but weak on concept design and artificial intelligence . The candidate choices are strange . There have been better presidential election simulation games . Save your money .
 I am not sure where it gets all 538 electoral votes -- DC is not there . No debates . Unrealistic rules . For example
 In case you do n't know already , this is a game where you manage a US presidential campaign . You 're Karl Rove , Bob Shrum , whoever.Long ago , I enjoyed a game on Apple called `` President Elect . '' I had often wondered why there was n't some sort of sim for this area . And now there is . Unfortunately , the Apple game from 20 years ago was better , which is sort of unbelievable since the whole file was probably 64K . A game available on the web , `` President Forever '' -LRB- which I heard about from another reviewer -RRB- is also better . Details :1 . GRAPHICS
 This is a fun game , but `` President Forever '' is much more detailed and comprehensive . Give it a try .
 This game is ok as a game and midly entertaining but I resent how obvious it is that the creators are republican and are lying about people 's attributes in this game.Such as republicans integrity being higher -LRB- almost all -RRB- than democrats . Or the media bias being consistantly higher for democrats when studies have proven that there are more positive stories about republicans in the press and more negative stories about democrats.Also blatant historical inaccuracies such as washington being a republican , the republican party did n't even exist until Lincoln and back then the republicans were the progressive party so in todays terms he would be a democrat .
 I have to agree with other reviewers , this game CAN be bad if you do n't the exact specs they state it wo n't work at all!Here 's the list of video cards they support ... this list can not be found on the box ... I had to open the game and install it before I discovered that my new computer 's configuration was n't supported.GeForce -LRB- TM -RRB- 2/3/4 / FX/6 familiesATI -LRB- R -RRB- Radeon -LRB- TM -RRB- 7000/8000/9000 familiesMatrox 400-450 and Parhelia -LRB- TM -RRB- Hercules Kyro I & IIIntel -LRB- R -RRB- ExtremeI was able to get the program to work ... kinda ... on my computer at work . Even though this computer has a Radeon 7000 vid card , there are still some graphics that do not work as they should . If you are looking for a game that you can load and play and not have to worry about problems -LRB- i.e. , like every other game I 've ever purchased -RRB- DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . There is a very good chance that you will have to do a lot of techie-type fixes to get this game to work properly.Tech support is n't any help at all . They place all the blame for problems on the CD-ROM burning process ... the manual states `` this game contains technology intended to prevent copying that may conflict with some CD-RW , DVD-RW , and virtual drives '' but IT DOES N'T STATE WHICH DRIVES MAY BE A PROBLEM ! I have a new basic HP laptop ... and it does n't work.Have they given me a suggested solution ? Yes , I should1.download their update to their latest patch2.contact tech support3.post on the support forum4.in a pinch they 'll send me an `` unofficial version `` That 's a lot of work to fix something that should work out of the box . Plus , I have yet to get this thing to work on my home computer.When I contacted tech support they acted as though they ca n't be faulted since the game worked in their labs ! Arggh . They should be apologetic and exceedingly helpful . They 're not . Instead , I would n't be surprised if they 're busy posting postive reviews on Amazon to con people into buying this game ... though I admit that is complete speculation.Anyway , I played the game on my work computer over lunches and it 's not bad . It 's certainly not as good as it could be , but it is kinda fun . I agree with the reviewer who got the impression that the political scope of the designers was narrow , though I noticed many liberal-leaning assumptions.I 'm not sure I agree with the reviewer who stated that this is for people with higher IQs . It certainly is politics made simple . The very premise of the game is offensive when you think about it . The goal is not improve the United States by standing up for what you believe is correct , it 's to win the Presidency . The very nature of the game encourages players to say whatever they can to sway voters . You do n't try to convince voters you are right , you simply need to say what they want to hear ... I know that is common in politics today , but I 'm not sure I can rave about a game that encourages people to think about a campaign as a time when you say things that people want to hear ... it should be a time when you tell people what you believe and pray that whoever wins will help the country move forward .
 First , I had no issue with getting my copy to function.Having said that , you are n't missing much if you ca n't get it to run . It is pretty boring and repetitive . It essentially boils down to moving from state to state , giving speaches and buying ads . The problem is that doing these things consists of two mouse clicks . The screen shots show all these interview shows and such , but they are pretty minor in the game.I was hoping it would be great fun , but I got bored with it after and hour .
 In the 1980s , there were lots of really intelligent political games , like SSI 's President Elect for the Apple II . This one adds some delightful board gamey features , but the creator clearly has more experience designing games than reading about how politics really works . Typos and misuses of terminology abound -LRB- candidates are called `` president-elect '' -RRB- , and a goofily Bill O'Reilly-ish world view pervades , depicting the Democrats as out of touch with independent voters . When you go to campaign in California and are told that both Bush and Kerry are identically `` pro-environment , '' you realize how much games have been dumbed down since the glory days of SSI 's `` President Elect '' -- another game designed by a Republican -LRB- Reagan always won -RRB- , but with way more smarts .
 I bought this game only to find out that it apparently does n't work with the ATI Radeon 320M which is supposedly one of the supported video cards . I found the problem listed a couple of times on the message board . To make matters worse when I contacted them about the problem they acted like they knew nothing about it . So I described the problem and they guided me through the same steps that the guided the other posters through which did n't work for them either . They then tried to convince me that it was a problem with my computer . The same tactic they tried with the others . When I explained my computer was 1 month old and that there were others they gave the same story to they told me they were n't getting enough info . Like it was my fault . Hello they are the tech support people . Either tech support is n't talking to each other to know that this is a repeated problem or they think that the blame the consumer approach is effective . Either way poor customer service , but hey they got you you paid your $ 20 and you ca n't take opened software back .
 This game held my interest for about a half hour before it became clear that it was just a repetitive low quality sim game . I played it thru three elections looking for some kind of variety in the game play and I was sorely disappointed.It 's not particularly smart , either . It seems to have been written by someone with only a passing understanding of politics and the nuances that comprises it . To compound that , it seems to have an extreme Republican bias . There 's no complexity of issues . You go to give a speech on the environment , you 're choices are that you are either for or against it or your opponent is either for or against it . That 's true for every aspect of the campaign . Media interactions -LRB- take-offs of real opinion shows -RRB- are written in a way to make the right answer easy to spot . It 's embarrasingly easy to win an election , at least in the early stages , and I just was n't compelled to continue playing past that point.I 'd give this game a pass . In fact , I 'm a little irritated that I spent money on it myself .
 watch out for this game . it is only compatible with a thin minority of computers -LRB- as far as I have experienced -RRB- . It only works on certain brands of video cards . So even if you have a great video card , if its not on their list , the thing wo n't even start . As far as programming goes , that is just terrible . I do n't know what they were thinking . So be warned - read the sys req list CAREFULLY and be sure you have one of their listed video cards . otherwise you will be disappointed .
 This is a great game , but this particular edition is not what you should buy if you want to play with others -LRB- LAN or Internet -RRB- . Despite the product image , this is the Ubisoft gold edition , which has version mismatch problems with other gold editions . It will not auto update to the same version as the normal Thrones & Patriots , so if you try to join a game you will get an error saying you need something like version 07.25.00.15705 , even though the in game versions match.There is a way around this which involves creating an ISO without the patch on the disc and using a No-CD executable , but it 's a hassle and not worth it.If you 're going to play by yourself , this edition is fine . If you want to play with friends , look elsewhere -LRB- unless they all have the Ubisoft edition -RRB- .
 The picture is different from the product . Big surprise on Amazon , right?Instead , it 's this crappy Ubisoft version . The multiplayer does not work because this version will not allow for updates . Do not buy if you plan on playing online !
 I just want to support what Jeff B said about the Ubisoft version . I am having this exact issue when I play online . Either be sure to get the real `` Gold '' version or make sure that you and your friends all have the same version - all ubisoft or all gold.It is a real dissapointment since Rise of Nations is a fantastic game . It is going on 5 years , yet there is an avid player community out there . Never has a Civilization-like game been so customizeable and replayable . Love , love the game . Hate the version issue . Now , I need to find the right version so my brother and I can play together.Good luck .
 I have played RON for years . Recently , I uninstalled my game , then could not find the code to reregister . So , I ordered this copy . Ten bucks , easy peasy . Not ! I ca n't get support from Microsoft because my new registration number is for the European version , and the Thrones and Patriots portion will not load . So , I 'm out ten bucks and still have no game to play .
 I adore the idea behind this product.Unfortunately , it simply does not work . The manufacturer has gone out of business . The playstation 2 controler is operational , but none of race games we tried -LRB- including several listed on the package -RRB- respond when pedals of the reclined bike are moved . Package includes hardware installation information but no software assistance -LRB- i.e. , how to get your game to respond to the specialized bike hardware -RRB- . Note that you might have to spend a considerable amount of money to figure out that this device would not work , because you 'll need a Playstation 2 and also a recumbant exercise bike . Upright models have the wrong shaft size .
 Super Bubble Pop is a bubble based action puzzler game where the idea is to quickly and efficiently clear the grid of bubbles to advance to the next stage while gaining as many points as possible . A crazy collection of DJs are waiting inside for their chance to become the ultimate popper ; but now is the time to throw up .
 I felt this game was fun at first but then it got a bit boring .
 I bought this game in hope to be a good beat-em up rpg . What i got was a horrible camera angle and boring gameplay.But hey , it was fun to watch it burn to ashes in my driveway ... hehehe
 THIS GAME IS A WASTE OF PLASTIC . The graphics show little improvement from the original . The musical score is almost non-existant . They also took away the one good thing the original had ; CAMRERA ANGLES ! I got this game for $ 9.00 and I wich I had gotten fajittas instead . No one in there right mind would say this game was good unless they worked for or are related to an employee of Jaleco . I great concept that been destroyed by programmer laziness and company haste . DO N'T BOTHER !
 This is probably one of the lowest budget games to hit the shelves since aquaman . It shows ALL th signs of a cheaply made game :1 . you cant change the camera angles2 . the surrounding are very dark , and it is nearly impossible to see what is around you .3 . the controls are TERRIBLE !!! if u like a game where u just press any button u want , this is it .4 . they give u barely any instruction whatsoever on how to play , or what you objectives are . They just throw you in the level and assume you know exaclty what u r supposed to do .
 This game was n't all right , I was wrong . The music is n't that great , and the gameplay is kind of er-bad . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I know it is extremely tempting to purchase this game after being hypnotized by their promotional savvy . Looking at the pretty colors on the gamecase and reading the tagline `` Puzzle Fun With Wild Music And Crazy Bubble Action '' makes you quiver with excitement . However , you need to gather up every ounce of restraint you can muster and DO NOT buy this game!The objective of the game is simple . You need to line up at least three bubbles of the same color either horizontally or vertically . Sadly , poor game design makes it difficult to line them up horizontally so , um , that does n't leave you with much.A game this basic seems odd to me due to the widespread ownership of computers . You can play pointless time-killers similar to this game on the Internet for free . We have , as a civilized society , progressed beyond the need to develop and charge people to play this sort of thing on their home gaming consoles . At least ... I thought we had .
 AVOID THIS SELLER !! Sent the wrong system with the wrong color and it stopped working in a week , DO NOT BUY !!
 This is an imported system , that is not even allowed in the USA . These units are knock-off 's like a fake purse or watch you buy on the streets , cheaply made and they cost very little on the wholesale market . While these units do play Nintendo software , they are not Nintendo systems , and can actually wreck your games . They have no collectors value , and Nintendo has made legal battles to try and stop the import of these units . Do n't get stuck with one of these stink bombs . The bad sellers try to fool you , calling it a top loader . Do n't be fooled , make sure you only buy from sellers offering `` Genuine Nintendo '' hardware . This review gives 1 star to the Yobo Famicom . But ***** FIVE STARS for the Real `` Genuine Nintendo '' NES !
 I actually bought one of these so called NES clones from a used game store here in Kansas city and they are a joke . I am a blind gamer . That 's right , I said I am blind . Well , not completely blind , just legally blind . Anyway , I noticed that the sound chip is a joke because in Super Mario Bros 3 , the drums would be a little louder then the melody track and sometimes the drums were louder in the doomship sequences . Also , Castle Vania III would n't start correctly either . What I mean is this . When you start the game , it is supposed to show you a sequence and a story line . It does n't ! When you get past the start screen and are done putting in your name , the game will stop . It acts like it will start but , it freezes . Also , Super Mario II 's sound was changed lots . The sounds were changed in the music track , and sound effects . I had a heck of a time pulling the games out of the system . I also did n't like the fact that it comes with av cables . You only get one audio cable ? Give me a break ! Yobo ? Give it up , it will always be Nintendo for life and it will forever stay that way . I think they should 've given you four cables . One to stick in the back of the system , and the other three to hook up to an external sound source . I have been playing Nintendo products for years since about 1986 and the original Nes is sitting at my house and it is working like a new NES system . It is used but , it works darn it . Sorry Yobo but , G , A , M , E , O , V , E , R . You lose with this system and Nintendo should claim there rights to there classic original system . Oh yes , I almost forgot . The controlers are a joke as well . Why would you put rapid buttons and a slow motion start button on the controler ? You ca n't even do your game codes with these . I used my original NES controler with it and it worked better then those darn things . Do n't buy this system . It 's not worth it . If you want the classic days of your child hood , find an original Nintendo system and stick with it , and take care of it . It will last for years as long as you do n't blow into your cartridges and damage the 72 connector pins . And if your cartridges are dirty , take your wands from your NES cleaning kit , a little water , and a little rubbing alcahol and clean the games . Also , just take your cleaning cartridge and clean the system 's 72 connector pin and away you go ! Go Nintendo !
 I am incredably disipointed with the quility of this NES clone . I bought it yester day , and it already doesnt work . When i first tried it , one of the controlers did not work , and still will not work . I had trouble putting games in it , and when i removed a game , it ripped the motherboard free . one of the AV pronges broke off and is stuck in m tv . Do not purchase this !
 I ordered one of these after much research prior to Xmas . When it arrived I could n't have been more excited . I talked it up to all my friends and could n't wait for some SMB3 parties to go down . To my dismay , I plugged it in and got a loud `` waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa '' noise and a scrolling dark screen . I tried 6 different games and the same result . Luckily I opened it right away as the packing slip states you only have 3 days to report problems . I suspect many people were quite pissed on Xmas to open it and find a non-working Yobo which was past the return date.I then ordered a second one hoping I was just unlucky and the first had been damaged in transit from CA to FL . Can you say Deja Vu ? Out of the box and there I sat , head in hands . For shame Endless Variety . For shame.To their credit they did give me $ 5 off the second one I ordered , though I would have rather not spent the past 3 weeks ordering and returning non-functioning yobos . I 'm going to order a `` NEX '' which is reported to be the same thing but with much better construction -LRB- and a higher price -RRB- . You know what they say ; `` if it 's too good to be true ... ''
 i never was even able to play a game , the circuit board burned out the first time i turned it on .
 I ordered this game console and just like some of the other customers , I tried to insert 3 different game cartridges -- and they wo n't even fit to play it !!!!!!!!!! I bought it b/c I heard so many good reviews on it , but the games will not insert . I am highly upset b/c I bought it about 3 to 4 months ago and in April I just got around to opening it , and it 's not working ! Is there any possible way of exchanging these for another one if impossible to get a refund ?
 This is a decent Nes clone as other reviewers have stated on it feeling cheap and controls mushy maybe I got a really good one mine feels sturdy and controls are excellent Now this isnt nintendo quality think on terms of build quality of a jakks tv game or the atari flashback good for 20 dollars but any price higher than that you should expect more . My complaints on the system are as follows inserting and taking out a cart . This is really hard you have to jam it in there and pull it out anything less than brute force wont get the job done I was afrid first time out of destroying a cart system I had no worries about . second complaint if you dont have a power outlet literally next to the tv extension cord is a must there isnt even 3 feet of cord smallest ac adapter Ive ever seen . Video and sound quality not 100 % but its real close hardley notice any diffrence some colors on dk jr and super mario are way diffrent but I think it looks better . Dissapointing aspect not the fault of the yobo inless you have a really old tv you cant use the nes zapper tried on 2 connected tv no success -LRB- i dont even own a hd set -RRB- tried on a really old one in the attic had to use a rf adapter success so yobo does support it but if you have a tv less than 10 years old the tv is to new dissapointing since I havent played duckhunt or wild gunman in agesAll in all its a good system its got flaws that it shouldnt have considering this is from like 06 and the nes was from 1985 but to play some old games and have some fun its worth the price if they ever come out with a yobo that fixs the cart loading Ill be picking it up for sure if not hopefully with time it will get easier to insert and take out carts .
 I bought one of these YOBO things last year because I was like many of you . My old NES was dying and could not play my games like it used to . The Yobo is not that great , really . It plays most of my games , but at the same time , it does n't play some of them . For some reason , it wo n't play games like Mega Man 3 , Bad Dudes , Ice Climber , etc. while they play perfectly fine on my old NES.The real anwser is to replace the pin-connectors on your old NES , and to keep your games clean !! Stop blowing on them !! Get some rubbing alcohol and some q-tips to clean those games !
 We bought this for our 8 year old son . He likes role playing games and Disney . We thought this would be a good combination . There is really no storyline . The only objective is to `` dance '' to the right combination of buttons . My son no challange in this . He finished the game in less than 1 hour and was very disappointed.If you have kids , or even for yourself , get KINGDOM HEARTS . This game will become a classic . Both my kids loved it . After they finished KINGDOM HEARTS they were sad that it ended and they started it all over again.So NO TO JUNGLE BOOK and YES TO KINGDOM HEARTS
 I love Duck Hunt the game but was very disappointed when trying to play the game that the gun I ordered did not work at all .
 I am a girl . Get this I buy this stupid crap and I have to play as a dumb boy ! That is why I luv the new versions
 When you think of RPG , what do you think of ? Knights , swords , magic , sorcery , and , ya know , a reasonable plot ! Pok&egrave;mon has none of the above . The game puts you , the player , as a 10-year-old dropout who goes out into the world where `` monsters '' reign . And they do n't even attempt to attack YOU , only your monsters , called Pok&egrave;mon , a lame American way to make it seem Japanese . Moreover , you have to be the best pokemon trainer in the world , which consists entirely of 8 cities . -LRB- like I counted ! -RRB- . And why ca n't the monsters learn more than 4 moves ? Talk about short-term memory ! No one pays attention to the RPG elements in the game , such as hit points and power points , their substitution for magic points . And their stats ! Sorry I got a little off subject . Back to the game . Two versions was a very good way to steal unsuspecting people 's money . Oops this is only Blue version review right ? Ok . Anyways , this game needed an in-depth plot that develops with more twists as you go along and it needed to be about 5 times as long like any good RPG . And wheres the evil 10-ton villain taking over the world ! Overall , I suggest this game not be bought , lest you fall into the hypnotic spell this game has given young people everywhere that would otherwise be innocent !
 STOP NOW BEFORE IT 's TOO LATE ! IF YOU ARE PLANNING ON BUYING POK&eacute;MON , YOU ARE MAKING A HORRIBLE MISTAKE ! I 'll now examine some hypothtecal people who might buy this . If you are an avid Pok&eacute;mon fan , especially a fan of the TV show , you would hate Pok&eacute;mon Blue , because it does a horrible job of simulating and portraying the show . The battles have practically no stategy , and even the Pok&eacute;mon 's cries sound like distorted musical notes . Pok&eacute;mon red and yellow are very similar . Now if you are specifically looking for Japanese RPGs , look elsewhere ! In fact , go out and buy a Playststation right now , if you do n't already own one . There are many great Playstation RPGs out there , including Final Fantasy 7 and Lunar
 This game is so oold you ca n't even get the graphics!I suggets that if you did n't play this game but you all ready played ruby/sappire you will hate this game . I say wait for fire red and leaf green 2 come out it 's the same thing but the graphics are alot better .
 How can anyone wan na buy these mindless games . Pokemon is the worst thing ever . Waste time and money on stupid games and ugly toys . Brainwashed hello ?? . Stay away from Pokemon and do n't ever talk about it again . Pokemon makes you stupid and people who do n't understand that should be locked away , far away from anything human wise . Down with pokemon for me anyway .
 Basically to make a long story short tthis game is nothing but bad . enjoy your pokemonless day .
 I ordered this game b/c i enjoyed the Red Version so much and i wanted to capture the Unique pokemon in blue version . However , when i received the game and put it into my game system it turns on but u ca n't start a new game or Talk to anyone . I do n't know what would cause this but either the game is defaulty or something is up . Wo n't be buying this online unless its from a game dealer .
 I like Pokemon stuff like the movie , and card game -LRB- which by the way is excellant -RRB- . But the game itself is not that great.The battles get very repetitive compared to other RPGs and the different Pokemon do n't really have any unique abilities -LRB- unlike the FF series -RRB- , For instance all the electric ones have basically the exact moves so even though theres 151 pokemon , the only significant differance is the appearance.I 'd rather have 10 unique characters than 151 that are essentially the same.After I got about55 pokemon I lost interest in the game because there is not enough variety in the characters or game play.Also its anoying how nintendo made all the differant versions and the link cable nessisary to catch em all.I 've completed at least 15 RPGs and I must say this is the most monotenous one.The battles are not challenging and require minimal strategy.The game does have some charm however -LRB- Pikachu is so cute ! -LRB- spare me ! -RRB- -RRB- and the idea for the game is very sound but the sub-par execution and overall bland gameplay turned me off . Anyway , its an ok game by gameboy standards but if you 're looking for RPGs look to other games and other systems like Playstation and PC .
 This game can really get boring sometimes . the scenery never changes it seems like . Plus after you fought everyone your mostly done . Iwould not reccomend this game to somebody
 Pros ; It worksCon ; Small corny graphicsThere is no action whatsoever -LRB- it 's more like a little maze game -RRB- When they ask if you would like to battle in the arena it dose n't workJust dumb!Overview ; Piece of '' okay '' DO NOT get the other games like the red version or gold version because I have played them and they all STINK !
 Many people say that Pokemon is the `` Best Game Ever . '' Well , sadly , it is n't . The basic game is to easy , and is sometimes boring , with pokemon constantly jumping out at you . Also the main point of the game is dumb , the only point is to ` Catch and Battle Pokemon . ' If your a skiled gamer , the game is short , but if you are inexperienced , the game is long . Overall , if you are the kind of person that can get caught up in a stupid , dumb game like this , go ahead and buy it . But if you have any sence at all , you should steer clear of this game
 Obviously I do n't like this game.But Pokemon Yellow is cool.The dull color and horrible music make this game worse.Pokemon Red is a little better.It was cool in the begining , but now I realize it 's plain old BORING .
 This game is awesome when you choose your Pokemon at the beginning but it gets boring later . It 's cool fighting the trainers , but you can only fight them once -LRB- except for the Elite Four . -RRB- This game starts off as a best-seller , and drops down to an instant 0 in seconds !
 Ok , well . I 've played pokemon before , and i love them . They 're really fun and me and my brother enjoy it . The game even came in with fast shipping which was great ! However , i was disappointed to find out that the game would never save ! i saved it a bunch of times ! And i know it is n't my Gameboy since i put it in my brother 's gameboy to see the same thing happen ! he plays the game too , and his games work fine ! So i just got disappointed in my specific game , not the series as a whole .
 The game did not function as advertised . In fact , it did not function at all . The game would freeze at the opening `` Gameboy Color '' screen , and therefore was not usable . My brother 's gameboy color has no problems with other games , so we know it is this one which is broken .
 Its not nearly as good as I thought it would be . It is an easy game with tons of tedious repitition . It was fun for the first hour , you spend most of your time in tedious battles . It has a crumby storyline , and isnt nearly as good as Zelda 64 . This game shouldnt be considered an RPG , because its the worst one I 've played .
 I 'm bored so i 'm writing a review for this horrible game . The tv series is bad enough so why the hell would they make a game just as bad ? the graphics really sucks and so does the sound ... DEATH TO ALL POKEMON !!!!
 Our world is full of people who are thouroghly convinced that by chucking little plastic balls at mutated animals you can gain a new friend . Have mercy on my innocent soul . Save your money , you could use it if you 've blown it all on the other products . No one 's really going to care in ten years if become a pokemon master or not . Save your money and your time . Not that you 're actually regarding this review . Sigh .
 This game was made to put insomniacs to sleep.The graphics are horrible , you ca n't `` catch 'em all '' unless you want to spend lots of $ $ getting the blue and yellow , as well as red . And now that they 've come out with gold , silver , and crystal , you have at least a hundred more to catch . This game is too easy , even for a beginner like me , unless you count catching the `` rare '' pokemon . Basically , all you are doing the whole game is beating the brains out of nonexistant creatures for the purpose of training and battling them against other trainers . Then , once you have beaten those trainers , you must battle the `` elite four '' for the sole purpose of being # 1 .
 Our world is full of people who are thouroghly convinced that by chucking little plastic balls at mutated animals you can gain a new friend . Have mercy on my innocent soul . Save your money , you could use it if you 've blown it all on the other products . No one 's really going to care in ten years if become a pokemon master or not . Save your money and your time . Not that you 're actually regarding this review . Sigh .
 The game is highly repetitive and is an imitation of Gameboy Zelda . It is not worth the time to play and the money wasted on batteries .
 Here is the number one sleeping pill in the world . If you have trouble sleeping play this game -LRB- not that it should be considered a game , games are supposed to be fun -RRB- . It was boring boring boring . The graphics were horrible the plot was stupid . You ca n't catch them all unless you waste money on buying blue , yellow , and red . They have now come out with gold , silver , and cyrstal so you can try to catch more creatures . The game was so easy that I was able to beat it even though I am a novice . The piont is to beat the tar out of stupid nonexistent monsters to train and battle them so you can become number one so other trainers can try and beat up your pokemon . I think this game is a waste and anyone who buys it is going to ultimatly come to the same conclusion as I have . Do n't waste your money as the craze will die down soon .
 This game was made to put insomniacs to sleep.The graphics are horrible , you ca n't `` catch 'em all '' unless you want to spend lots of $ $ getting the blue and yellow , as well as red . And now that they 've come out with gold , silver , and crystal , you have at least a hundred more to catch . This game is too easy , even for a beginner like me , unless you count catching the `` rare '' pokemon . Basically , all you are doing the whole game is beating the brains out of nonexistant creatures for the purpose of training and battling them against other trainers . Then , once you have beaten those trainers , you must battle the `` elite four '' for the sole purpose of being # 1 .
 when i played this game i beat it in an hour it sucked it was so easy i hated playing it . I am going to get a game boy advance sp which is so better
 I 'll admit , probobly 2 years ago I 'd be giving this game 5 stars because it was fun . It was the first gameboy game I got , it was challenging -LRB- at first -RRB- , and I always had fun . I used to be a hordcore fan of Poke ` mon. . But lets face the facts , THAT WAS 2 YEARS AGO . People who like Poke ` mon today are living in the past . I do not like Poke ` mon anymore . As a matter of fact I recently sold this game and all the other Poke ` mon stuff I had like cards and other games . Poke ` mon was once the hottest thing around . But after they made that movie , Poke ` mon went down . This game is challenging , it took me two and a half months to beat it then slowly it started to get boring . So if you like Poke ` mon get it but if you want to live in today 's world do n't buy it .
 This game will destroy your life ! When I first got it I 'd play it hours straight and accomplish absolutly NOTHING ! I played it forever until I suddenly realized `` This game is horrible '' . Do n't waste your life , DO N'T BUY POKEMON !!!!!
 When I bought `` Solitaire Antics '' for my Mac Book Pro , I was very excited . I fully expected it would be the same delightful game that I used to play on my OS 9.2 . The old game is , unfortunately , not compatible with OSX.On the old version , silly ants would flit across the screen at various times
 I asked for and received this as a gift for Christmas only to find out that I can not use it with ANY of my rechargeable batteries . It came with no instructions . It simply states on the box that it MAY NOT work with NON-XBOX360 battery packs or NON-ENERGIZER Rechargeable batteries.It does work with my XBOX360 rechargeable battery pack , of which I only have one , so I now have to buy atleast one more in order to charge more than one controller on it at a time to get good use out of it.Of all my rechargeable batteries , most are relatively new and most are NON-energizer ... however not even my ENERGIZER brand rechargeables work with this stand nor did the brand new ones I bought after realizing it would n't charge the batteries I currently had at home.I 'm very dissapointed , seeing as how I own 4 controllers and I can only charge 2 of them with this stand , unlike the PS3 of the same brand that has USB ports that will allow to charge more controllers and/or usb devices . Also , I own lots of rechargeable batteries and have been using those as my primary means of powering my controllers , so its a waste that this thing DOES NOT charge even ENERGIZER batteries ... How can an ENERGIZER charging stand NOT charge ENERGIZER BATTERIES ????? So , in conclusion , DO NOT buy this if you use rechargeable batteries with your controllers , as they will not be charged by it . If you ALREADY own play and charge packs , then by all means , it works fine and it looks fine and is of sturdy construction . The lights are a nice touch and the controllers are in no risk of coming lose or falling .
 The packaging tells you that it may not work with batteries that are not made by microsoft or energizer . Well that 's a lie . I received this item for Christmas because I requested it . I requested it because I have at least $ 100 worth of Energizer 's 2500 mAH rechargeable batteries . So I expected it to work . I unpacked it and hooked everything up . Nothing happened . Went to look for the instruction manual to double check everything , NO manual , nothing , notta , zip . Nothing comes with this . So I hit the internet to find out who makes this item . I find out that its made by PDP . I search their site and there is no help available for this product . So I open a help ticket at 12/28/2009 4:53 PM PDT with the following : `` I have a several energizer rechargeable batteries and they do no seem to work in this product . I am using Energizer Rechargeable AA NiMH Batteries . When I initially plug in the stand the lights flash red and green and then go off . When I plug in the controllers the charging stand does n't do anything . Nothing lights up except a very faint glow behind the xbox home button . `` This is the response I received : `` Ticket has been closed.Comment -LRB- s -RRB- : Dear Customer our charger charges Only XBOX 360 power packs.The charger is not meant to charge Energizer batteries . `` But it clearly states in the Amazon Item Description and on the box `` May not be compatible with non-Microsoft or non-Energizer rechargeable batteries . `` Returning the item and writing to energizer .
 I bought the new Energizer XBox 360 Power & Play battery charger from -LSB- ... -RSB- and it 's been a COMPLETE DISASTER.The unit is defective and -LSB- ... -RSB- is ignoring my emails.The charger 's lights are supposed to act like the ones on your typical charger - glow red while charging , green when charging is complete . The lights on this unit do nothing , except when the AC adaptor power supply is first plugged in - they flash red/green once , and that 's it . The unit does not recharge batteries at all.I bought a brand new set of Energizer rechargeable batteries to use in this thing . When they did n't work I bought another set . The problem is not the batteries . The charger does not work.I 'm still waiting to hear from -LSB- ... -RSB- I figure this is a rare occurrence and would be content to exchange this defective unit for one that works . But so far I 've sent them several emails without getting a response .
 We bought this thinking it would work with ANY rechargeable batteries . It says on there that it MIGHT not work unless it 's xbox360 rechargeable or Energizer rechargeable batteries . So we bought the Energizer batteries and they do n't EVEN work ! It took us 10 tries and a lot of time googling reviews before we realized we probably need to buy xbox360 rechargable batteries . At this point it is so not worth it ! Ugh !
 I bought two of these controlers because they were on sale for very cheap . I got what I paid for.The first performed admirably for about 2 months - I thought I had gotten a great deal . After that , the control started listing to the left during gameplay . Reseting it would solve the problem , for about 5 minutes . With time , the listing got worse and worse until it was really just impossible to play with . I popped open the second controler , hoping it was just a fluke . The second controler started doing the SAME THING after about 2 weeks.These controlers have a manufacurers gaurantee , but you have to ship the thing back to them on your own dime AND send them about $ 8 to get a replacement shipped back to you - that would end up being more than I paid for one in the first place.These controlers are just no good ! Go with another brand !
 Of course , it 's on sale for 12 bucks , and my original xBox control is broken , so , `` What the heck ? I 'll give it a try . `` Long story short - bring it home , follow instructions exactly , and it does n't work . Seriously not recommended for any reason . You 're better off trying to telepathically control your game .
 This game is bad . The AI on it is terrible . The Japs take at least 3 seconds to shoot at you . The weapon selection is ok , but the selection isnt realstic . Annoying background music , stupid team mates , and levels are very much the same . These developers also make Vietnam Black Ops and World War II Normandy.Normandy is better than this if you want the best one , both . . are bad . .
 This game -LSB- stinks -RSB- ! The graphics are all blocked up , the flamethrower does n't burn up the Japs good enough , the enemy andallied AI is very stupid and if they do get a shot off at you , ittakes away about 40 health ! On easy mode ! You ca n't get any ammofrom your enemies and there is n't any health packs . If you want agood war game , get Medal of Honor
 OK , I wrote a bad reveiw last time , but i 'm not changing my mind , its -LSB- terrible -RSB- . The game disgraces war games GOOD war games , like theMedal of Honor series . I 'm SO SORRY I wanted a game where youhad a chance at winnging . Anyway , this does n't seem to realistic ; one guy can carry a Colt .45 , garand rifle , shotgun , Thompson submachine gun flamethrower , hand grenades , land mines , AND a bazooka , WOW !! And you seem to be able to run extremely fast . Intresting ... What a great game ... as good as my sarcasm.Get MOHAA
 This is probably the least known game to ever appear on GBC , this is mainly because so little was said about its release , plus everybody is to busy playing the better N64 version . The only reason for this review is to keep you as far from this game as humanly possible . So here you go , my review on The World Is Not Enough.Story
 Seemed excited when she opened the box , but as far as I can tell , my daughter has not played this game much . Asked why , she said it was alright .
 Play this game and wonder why your strategies are n't working ? It 's because this is not a strategy game like it 's advertized ; it 's actually a puzzle game with one , maybe two , solutions to each level and your job is to figure out what the creators thought would be the best way to go about your mission.The computer game was the same way , but at least you had the benefits of a mouse and sharper monitor resolution . Trying to play this game on any television less than an HDTV set is seriously straining on the eyes . The very cruelly-designed action icons are so tiny , and offer no text accompanyment that just figuring them out is half the puzzle . Get the computer version if you REALLY have patience , but do n't waste your time on a console version .
 I have played several of the Commandos games on the computer and love them.They are challenging and addictive . When I purchased commandos for the playstation I was disappointed . The controls are much more cumbersome and the game play just seems to be slower . I believe the Commandos games are great but I would definitely stick with computer versions .
 This game is so stupid . Yeah the sound is pretty good and the price is low , but guess what ... YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !!!!!! Too many controls buttons , the enemies are too tough , I mean if you 're 1000 yards away BOOM BOOM BOOM oopsie big man get shot -LRB- and I 'm not talkin about your enemy . -RRB- The Graphics stink and this makes it incredibly not fun . If you 're a big fan go rent the game before you BUY IT . TRUST ME !!!!!!
 This game 's premise is good , but the controls make it impossible . It takes hours to just get the controls right and really detracts from the fun of the game . It also would be better if it was a first person strategy/shooter game . Overall , this game has promise but it 's destroyed by the controls being too intricate and difficult .
 MLS Extratime offers the most up to date rosters for the MLS and more than enough International teams . What I find annoying is that the World Cup is just around the corner and although having all the real MLS players is nice , I would have like to have all the real international players for the rest of the teams . I like the MLS and all but the World Cup is soccer 's premiere event and not to have the international players not accurately represent is a big minusOne thing MLS Extratime does have is decent controls . The players feel pretty responsive when controling them . The through pass is also done very well , just like in ISS 98 for the N64 . The coaching options are nice and the control of the set pieces is done well . Too bad all these nice features are completely overlooked due to the most annoying player switching I have ever seen in a sports game . I would like to say that no sports game should have automatic switching of your players . Combined with manual switching makes even more frustrating . It 's really annoying with you shoot a shot and it 's blocked and instead of retaining control of your player it switches to some player not even in the run of play.Fortunately , this is an aspect of MLS Extratime 2002 that was n't royally screwed up . Although the player models are n't as good as EA 's FIFA , MLS 's face models are much more superior . The players really look very similar to the real life counterparts . The animation of the character is done pretty well and the stadium environments are better the EA 's FIFA.The Compute AI stinks in this game . I 'm beating the computer defenders like they were drugged up before the game . Also it 's so easy to score on the computer goalie . Just do the same move over and over again , cut in out and shoot , works every time . Pretty soon I was crushing the computer 10 to 0 . I swear there 's more scoring in this game than there is in hockey , which is not realistic . The game feels very arcade like because of this.MLS Extra time may be presented like a real ESPN TV soccer match but in no way does it accurately depicts what goes on in a real soccer game .
 Being an Englishman I feel very well placed to rate soccer games as I have been playing them all my life . I was really looking forward to MLS extratime as Konami make the best soccer games and I thought with the GC it could only be a winner.First impressions were bad as the game looks like an old PS one title and unfortunately when compared to the PS2 version it looks woeful.Gameplay is simple and fun but compared to Pro Evolution on the PS2 this game will only ever be a subsitute and not in the starting eleven .
 Like the other reviewer said wait for ISS -LRB- International Superstar Soccer -RRB- To come on gamecube.It will blow this game out of the water .
 As a Brazilian , I do n't believe I would buy this game if I had played it before . It 's much worse than international superstar soccer of N64 , Winning Eleven and even FIFA 2002 is better -LRB- I never liked Fifa series -RRB- . It does n't even have a proper international tournament.It 's better to wait for International Superstar Soccer , which has already been released in Europe . Unfortunately , neither Nintendo website nor Konami websites give any information about this product and when it 's gon na be released in USA .
 I was excited about this game , because I thought this game would allow you to build Lego models , cars and buildings , I could not be more wrong ! This is a role-playing game , where you are Pepper , a Lego kid on Lego Island . Basically the point of the game is to walk around the island talking to the Lego people who send you on tasks and give you various things for your work . Such things as items , Lego pieces and trading cards , which hold no importance , its just a picture of a Lego character . Also , you can discover mini games , like a Lego skate park , Joust and a few classic arcade games that are fun . For the older more cynical gamers , avoid this game , but if you are a parent that wants a game that inadvertently teaches your child about good citizenship and being kind to others , pick this up . The graphics are not the best , but they are good considering that this is a game with Legos .
 The Plus point about this game is the amount of sub-games it has . Some of them are boring , but most of them are interesting . The plot of the game can get very boring . Basically you are this lego fellow , whom is trying to recover all the pages of the various building in Legoland that are being destroyed by the bad guy . This bad guy fellow constantly pop up during the game to give you useless remarks . some of the pages require the player to complete certain tasks before u can lay your hands on it . I would say this game is more for kids , whom might find it interesting . Personally I find the game a turn off . completed it twice within one day of buying . Check out what other reviewers have to say about this before buying it . Do n't think this game is worth buying
 The title says everything . DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 5
 The system requirements on the box are misleading . Your computer needs much more to run it , and to this day , the game never worked and Lego admitted there were problems and replaced it WITH ANOTHER GAME . Disappointed 5 year old .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love crash , it was the first game I got on Playstion . So I was really happy to find out this game came out on PS2 ... I liked the game , but there was to much loading , it drives you crazy ! So why do you think the all powerful Xbox will be any better ? It will have as much loading as the PS2 version . So save your money and wait for it to come out on GameCube , which is the fastest loading new system availble.If you do n't have GameCube then get this -LRB- and edure the long loading -RRB- , or sell your Xbox and get the best system out , Nintendo GameCube .
 I got this game with an Xbox a long while ago . I had already played Crash
 i placed a order on december 21 , 2012 and i still have not received the game i emailed the sender but they did not reply ... do not buy anything fron this person
 This item does not work with my xbox at all - says I need a hard drive storage - and I also did not realize that even if it did work it was only for one player
 This game is ment for little kids . Its attraction for older games is slim . One should buy Advanced Wars instead
 I recieved this game along with my GBA as a present . I am 26 years old and have been playing games since `` Pong '' . This game has to be one of the worst games I think I have ever played . I LOVED `` Legends of Zelda/Links '' and this game falls close the the same game play ... but the story line is non-existant and the game play is difficult at times . This game is no for anyone over 12 years old or so ... under 12 might find it somewhat fun . I the only good part of the game is the graphics . Buy it used !
 this is a bad game . period . however , for little kids that have gba and this is the only game they will ever get , it may be great . but , to experienced gamers who have seen the likes of great games like thps -LRB- * for every system but gba -RRB- , dragon warrior , and even the new advance wars and golden sun , this game just bites . * see my gba thps2 review
 This game stinks ! Its the worst game I 've ever played ! If you have been thinking about getting this game do n't do it !
 the graphics are fairly decent but its not long at all I finished in a week and I think the hole story line is messed up the action is poor too.Do reaserch before you buy the game and make sure its what you want .
 I 'm a huge gamer , and a big Lego fan as well . When I heard about the concept for Lego 's new line of action figures , I was fascinated . When they hit the store shelves , I did n't hesitate to bring them home and spend hours assembling and redesigning the brilliantly designed , yet affordably priced , toys.The game is dark . Sure , most GBA titles suffer the same fate of having the passively illuminated screen . But this one takes the prize . Do n't get me wrong , the graphics are great , but even with my usual halogen lamp behind me -LRB- adjusted so I do n't get the glare -RRB- I 'm still unable to make out many of the details.Controls are clumsy . Your character takes giant , awkward steps that make it hard to navigate in tight areas . There is also an arbitrary arrangement of seemingly useless bits that you have to walk around . That 's fine , that 's what games are for , and no one wants a straight line , but the objects make no sense in the game . In the first village , there are what look like little oil spills that you just ca n't walk over . Houses , trees , rocks ; fine . Little dark patches on the ground ? No sense.The second village and subsequent missions will only further illustrate my points ... Try to navigate the chain of islands by jumping and slingshotting to them and you will feel my pain . I LOVE a challenging game that tests hand-eye coordination and quick action , but this game only serves to frustrate.Also imagine my surprise when I get to village # 2 and my mission is the same as the first one ! Get two crystals , a staff , and a stone . Most games have a running theme , or similar missions , but this one is just the same ones with different -LRB- barely -RRB- bad guys.I 'm afraid Lego has now suffered the same fate as many , many other game developers
 i dont like it . Whenever you are playing it , and you get stuck behind a tree i could not move and on the rock boss on level 1 pushes me in the wall to kill me . I also cant see the screen because its too dark . And the level with the giant scorpion , i cant figure out what to do.Where do i go ?
 This game really was n't good . The entire game is dark , and you ca n't see anything . The mini-games are okay , but the story-line is practically non-existant .
 this game has no point but risk your life for 6 rocks !
 This is a bore . Why would anyone waste 40-50 on a GBA game like this one ?! The object of this game is to retrieve all of the 6 Toa Stones and participate in pathetic mini games . I do n't like this game . The last part of the game is impossible . Spend your 40-50 dollars on one of these games below : Super Mario AdvanceAdvance WarsGolden SunAdvance Wars 2
 The only good thing about this game are the graphics . Other than that all you 'll see is a pile of crap covered in radio-active material . Almost everything about this game is really bad . The missions are laughably bad -LRB- Example
 I wo n't even waste time on telling you what 's wrong with this game . It 'd take too long and I 'd probably just bore you.Please spend your money on anything other than this hot mess . I wished I would have .
 This game is something that u do n't want to spend too much time on . The Graphics are really good , but the game play just did n't appeal .
 I recently got this game because I heard it was going to be like Castlevania : Cotm but , this game is a far cry from that game . The game is just so straight forward . It also features a password system simmilar to the Now-Classic Aladdin on the SNES . The game could have used the gameboy advances saving ability . The company apparently spent to hard to try to capture the Rock 's looks than making everything come together . One last thing that bugs me is that the enemies are either Big Fat Arabs , snakes , bugs , or zombies . + The Rock is in itGraphics are ok - Just about everything else
 this is the stupidiest game ever . at the beginning its fun but then you get to a board where when you walk the floor falls in and you ca n't get to the other side . this was a total waste of 40bucks .
 Let me first say that this game is better than State of Emergency although not by much . The controls are absolutely horrible . I found myself spending more time trying to make jumps and climbing down ladders without falling and dying than actually fighting . The enemy characters are generic and are not the brightest enemies in the videogame world . I think those ghost on old-school pacman and the Mad Gear thugs of Final Fight are a whole lot smarter . And the main character 's girlfriend is very annoying perhaps more annoying than the controls . The storyline is right out of some low budget cheap ripoff made for television -LSB- stuff -RSB- you 'd see on the scifi channel too often . I suggest renting this game first !
 I remember a few months back seeing the ad for this game in GI or some PS magazine and thinking that it looked pretty neat . I have to admit that I have been known to get suckered into some poor games and bad buys and this one is no different . Time goes by and after only reading very little about I decided to go ahead and get this game without knowing if it were going to be any good or not . As soon as I got home and started reading through the manual I could tell that this was n't going to be what I was hoping for . This was later confirmed when I put the game in and to my dismay I was greeted with just another standard beat-em-up style game . I think it must be just growing older because I can remember loving those corny , mindless run-around , kill everyone type games a la Final Fight , Double Dragon , Streets of Rage , and Fighting Force . All though I must say , it was during Fighting Force for the PSone that I first started noticing my need for deeper gameplay . So , this leads me to believe that for younger gamers with a penchant for simplistic gameplay that is quick fun , this game could be something you might want to try out . If you are looking for a real gaming experience I would recommend passing this game on , maybe trying it out as a rental first or try The Bouncer -LRB- much better gameplay and story -RRB- . All in all , its just not the game I was hoping for . I took my copy and traded it in for the second Silent Hill game .
 When I saw this game , I thought it looked interesting . I was wrong . The plot is as basic as they come , with very little in the way of surprises or twists . The controls are clumsy at best . It also seems like you have to hit everyone 20 times before they die . Seeing that they made the weapons look amazingly like light sabers , I feel like a baseball bat would probably kill the enemies faster . Overall , a terrible game that should be rented at best , and only if you 've beat every other game ever made .
 Name says it all . This game is not challenging , predictable , and is at times more vague than Bush 's sobriety . I had to purchase this game for a class . The assignment was to take a less than favorable game , play it , andwrite any changes we 'd make . Needless to say there was a laundry list of changes . I was one of two people in my group to finish the game . Do n't waste your time and money with this game . It 's not even good to play stoned . Get something else , like Burnout : Takedown , Halo 3 , or God of War . There are much better games out there than this .
 This game has some good ideas , but doesnt execute them well . Combos and Legacy Drives sound good on paper , but are rendered joyless due to E.O.E. 's god awful camera . Reading the instructions is better than playing the game and thats just not right .
 Ok , first off , the plot is given to you flat out . The game play is horrible and it gets boreing after , oh , 2 seconds . Do not even rent it , it 's not worth it .
 MLS Extratime offers the most up to date rosters for the MLS and more than enough International teams . What I find annoying is that the World Cup is just around the corner and although having all the real MLS players is nice , it does n't have real international players for the rest of the teams . I like the MLS and all but the World Cup is soccer 's premiere event and not to have the international players not accurately represent is a big minusOne thing MLS Extratime does have is decent controls . The players feel pretty responsive when controling them . The through pass is also done very well , just like in ISS 98 for the N64 . The coaching options are nice and the control of the set pieces is done well . Too bad all these nice features are completely overlooked due to the most annoying player switching I have ever seen in a sports game . I would like to say that no sports game should have automatic switching of your players . Combined with manual switching makes even more frustrating . It 's really annoying with you shoot a shot and it 's blocked and instead of retaining control of your player it switches to some player not even in the run of play.Graphic fortunately , this is an aspect of MLS Extratime 2002 that was n't royally -LSB- messed -RSB- up . Although the player models are n't as good as EA 's FIFA , MLS 's face models are much more superior . The players really look very similar to the real life counterparts . The animation of the character is done pretty well and the stadium environments are better the EA 's FIFA.The Compute AI stinks in this game . I 'm beating the computer defenders like they were drugged up before the game . Also it 's so easy to score on the computer goalie . Just do the same move over and over again , cut in out and shoot , works every time . Pretty soon I was crushing the computer 10 to 0 . I swear there 's more scoring in this game than there is in hockey , which is not realistic . The game feels very arcade like because of this.MLS Extra time may be presented like a real ESPN TV soccer match but in no way does it accurately depicts what goes on in a real soccer game . This is a great game if you do n't care for realism in your soccer game .
 Bad news first
 After loading the game of pardheesi , I started to play . About halfway through the game , my screen went black . Luckly the Esc key saved my computer .
 I tossed this game in the trash can ... very boring ... silly may be a better word .
 ... I remember this game ! I had it on Sega CD -LRB- 16-bit -RRB- . Thought it was the coolest thing at the time ; interact with an actual movie.Then I played the 3DO version at a friend 's house and felt sorely gipped . The video was almost full screen , smoother , and there was n't a large wait between rooms.Then this 32X version was released . It was both a blessing and a curse , here 's why : GOOD
 After the N64 's ultimate failure against the PSX many Nintendo fans -LRB- myself included -RRB- figured Nintendo would realize its errors and get back on the ball for this new wave of consoles . When the Gamecube was first announced it seemed that it would be a fierce competitor to the Xbox and the PS2 . It had a nice variety of exclusive titles and sported a lower price than both other systems . Sadly over time , the majority of the exclusive titles went multiplatform.The Gamecube uses minidiscs instead of standard CD sized discs . This has its pros and cons . It gives GC games a faster loading time than the PS2 and Xbox but it prevents CDs and DVDs from being loaded into the tray . Minidiscs only hold 1.5 gb of data while a standard DVD holds 4.9 gb . This makes multiplatform games harder to put on the Cube since most games are around 3.5 gb and the smaller size forces developers to cut out certain parts of a game in order to put it on the Cube . Now you know why you 're seeing so many games that come out on both PS2 and Xbox but not the Cube . The choice to go with minidiscs ended up biting Nintendo in the butt just like their wild decision to use cartriges for the N64.As for the control design , the Cube 's controller is pretty good . It looks awkward but is actually more comfortable than the Xbox controller . However , when it comes to controllers Sony has dominated that territory with its more simple , yet effective design.As for online gaming there is n't anything available other than Phantasy Star Online . A couple of years ago Nintendo stated that gamers did n't care about playing games online . They have since retracted that statement and ironically the Nintendo Revolution is expected to have online capabilities.As far as graphics go , the Gamecube has the edge over the PS2 . The Gamecube is capable of Dreamcast quality rendering which the PS2 does n't have and has 640x480 resolution like the Xbox and Dreamcast.The games department is where the Gamecube fails miserably . The Gamecube has a smaller library than the Xbox -LRB- even though they were launched around the same date -RRB- and the PS2 's library trumps both systems . If you like lots of great fighting games , sports games , action games , or RPGs then look elsewhere . One can argue that there are some but for the past couple of years a lot of multiplatform games have just been passing over the Cube . Nintendo develops a fair amount of games itself for the system but the majority of the games are the same franchises that were around for the original NES in the 80s . Nintendo continually focuses on making Mario/Pokemon and other kiddie games for the Cube and continually ignores the tastes of adult gamers over the age of 18 . Developers like Capcom , Sega , Square , and Namco have realized that the system sells poorly outside of Japan and are more reluctant to release exclusive titles for the Cube . As a result , many former Gamecube exclusives have jumped over to the Xbox and PS2 . Over the past year the number of games being released on the Cube has dropped significantly . I hate to say it but it seems as if the system is already dying out and Nintendo 's next-gen console is n't even close to being released yet.While it has better graphical capability than the PS2 and is more affordable than both other systems , the Gamecube has been crippled by its poor game library . I came up on the NES and SNES but with 2 failed systems in a row , I have to say that I will not purchase another Nintedo console . What really disappoints me is the fact that Nintendo just turned its back on the gamers who came up in the 80s and 90s -LRB- who made the NES/SNES sucessful -RRB- and continues to cater to the younger crowd .
 I picked this game -LRB- copyright 2005 -RRB- at the Apple store in the US . I brought back to Saudi Arabia and slapped it into my 2007 20 '' iMac . It will not load . So I wrote to customer service . They told me that the game does not work on new iMacs with the x1600 video card . I did not see that in the system requirements . What other Macs will it not work on ? Seems the only way to tell is to buy it and hope.All in all , it is an older game and is now being dumped at low prices before it is completely obsolete .
 Stubbs is a great game - fun story line , excellent graphics , outstanding soundtrack , ... but ... you have to LOAD THE ORIGINAL DISK INTO YOUR COMPUTER EACH TIME YOU PLAY IT ! You ca n't just load the game , and go on your way . I thought that I may have made a mistake when installing it , so I opened a support ticket , and their answer was ... this is a security feature , to prevent illegal copying of their game ... This is n't convenient if you plan to load it on your laptop , and take it on the road , but if you 're sitting home on a desktop , ... go for it .
 I found this much too hard to control . I gave up on Stubbs after less than two hours of play . I 'm glad that I 'm only out $ 7.99 + tax , I would have been really upset if I had payed full price .
 would n't run right on my computer , the color was negative , and it ran really choppy . Impossible to play , but that 's what you get with games for mac usually .
 Play at Joe 's Sudoku is a moderately decent version of Sudoku , not half as nice as the shareware version I had downloaded . I bought this version because I wanted a CD , rather than paying for a software key that could get lost . Boy did I miss the point ! This game REQUIRES the CD to start . Who does it that way today and why ? I like to play games like this while I 'm busy with other tasks , like burning copies of home movies for relatives . Unless I remember to start the game first , I 'm out of luck . And I 've got to keep that CD on my desk , available in case I want to play it . In other words , I DO N'T play it , I 'm back to playing Solitare . I spent $ 20 on a totally worthless game .
 I bought this game after looking at several choices on store shelves , and deciding this was the best choice I bought it . I immediately discovered that my choice was a poor one.On the surface , this looks like a very capable version of computerized Sudoku , which is exactly what I was looking for . I wanted something with LOTS of puzzles , some variety in difficulty levels , the ability to print , and an intuitive GUI for playing . This version does all four of these . For that , it is to be commended - it has the features most serious players will desire.That said , the implementation and additional features make this game a less than ideal choice.One of the most annoying features is that it requires the CD to be in the drive when playing , and for some that is inconvenient.More of an aggravation , though , are the sounds for the game . There is background music that serves only to be distracting . There also happens to be a voice element to announce the numbers as they are placed - the voice sounds very much like you would imagine for an anime schoolgirl that 's entirely too happy for her own good . I cut the speakers for that one . With no sound , gameplay is a lot more pleasant and is acceptable.The game allows the player to show mistakes during play . HOWEVER , once that setting is turned on , it is not possible to turn it off except when there is no game being played . For players that are learning to play , this is fine , but once a player knows the lay of the land , either the current game needs to be quit in order to toggle this setting , or it needs to be turned off at initial launch.In the box with the CD was a bright orange card that stated that there was an update to the game available to patch a problem with printing . While I realize that this likely went in the box after the golden image was sent to the duplicator , it still is annoying to find that your brand new game is already outdated.I looked for another Sudoku game the very next day and found a better one with more features , a better interface , and a smaller price tag . If you want a good Sudoku game for your computer , I can not recommend Play at Joe 's Sudoku Challenge unless there are no other options available . Your money is better spent on other choices .
 the games can not be identified so that you can save them and do later . I like to print out the blank game , then print the possibilities and then see the answers . I tossed this product as unusable for me .
 My daughter bought this with her allowance money and we thought it was like any other prepackaged software that you can play on your computer . However , you can only play it for 2 months -LRB- it comes with a code to use on-line that is only valid for 2 months -RRB- then you have to pay a monthly fee of $ 9.95 . This is ridiculously expensive and not at all documented in the product description . Very misleading . Do n't buy it unless you can afford the monthly fee !
 I would give this 0 stars if I could . Do n't rely on old reviews . They may have come directly from Amazon . The game if fun for kids , but you ca n't play it with this purchase.I purchased this for my daughter because she was begging to play Toontown again . She had an account in the past and loved it . This review is not a reflection of the service just what you are being sold . The product description shows a picture that says you are given two free months of service with purchase . I believe I purchased the product for $ 14.99 . I know it is cheaper now , but do n't bite . The service cost $ 9.99 a month if you go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and purchase it . I was only saving $ 5 bucks , but I really did n't want to put my credit card info in the toontown website . I knew my daughter would eventially get tired of it and I would fail to cancel for a while and get charged for unplayed time . -LRB- I know my fault and not Toontown 's and yes it did happen -RRB- . Anyway , I also had problems downloading it to one of my computers in the past and it was supposed to come with the game on a disc , so I would n't need to download it this time.I could n't find the prepaid cards at my local Target , so I ordered it . When I got it , I was going to give it to my daughter for her birthday , so I really did n't look it over that well when it first arrived . But , soon afterward I gave it to her and I noticed the box said one free month not two . I was not happy because basically I paid what the Toontown website charges plus $ 5 for the game that I could have downloaded for free . I contacted customer service and they said I would have to return it because it was a third party seller , Galatics , so they could n't give me a discount . I would have to return it and get a refund . Again , not real happy , but it was what it was . It was n't Amazon 's product.I decided to just keep it and eat the $ 5 extra bucks . At least I did n't have to input my cc . Well , not so . I opened it up and proceeded to load the software . It was n't even a US copy . It was for towntoon UK . I could n't get it to even work . It did load the software on my computer , but it wo n't get me on toontown . So , I decided to download it from the regular US ToonTown website -LRB- at this point my daughter is wanting to play the game , so I went ahead and did it -RRB- . I put the code in where you are supposed to and it would n't work.So , I got a supposed 1 month free service to UK Toontown that did n't even work . One month code did n't work and software was no good - UK Toontown.It goes without saying that I returned it to Amazon . They refunded my money less shipping . I thought if it was n't your fault for the return , then return shipping was free . But , not in this case . I was on vacation when the return came through to my account , so I decided to forgo the shipping fee . It was n't worth my time . That was the first time I have n't been satisfied with Amazon . Although , it was n't their product , they did screw up on charging me return shipping when they knew the reason for my return . I have had a few other minor problems , but overall very satisfied . Nevertheless , this was my first returned item.So , unless they have changed the product they are shipping , I would stay away from purchasing this item . If nothing else , it is misleading saying you get two months free . However , the one month UK code does n't even work . At least not on the US site . I could n't get the other site to work . Nonetheless , I did n't order UK Toontown.The product description , picture , and seller is all the same , so BUYER BEWARE !
 It only Lasts for 1 month and if you have a doodleall the hard games trying to get one and he gets erasedespecially if you have a lovinig companyenbyomarzengin
 My boys got this game for Christmas . We have never been able to get it to work even though our computer far exceeds the recommended requirements listed on the package . Five emails to tech support were never able to resolve the problem and allow the game to load . Tech support was always trying to come up with some new excuses why it would not load and run . Nothing ever worked . Do n't waste your time purchasing this game .
 The kidsloved the game on demo and bought their own for the home computer . We were a bit upset they each had to buy their own to have an account , but oh well . Then we find out that they could only play for two months . after that they are required to pay 10 bucks a month to be online . They do n't even have the option of playing off line . Another example of Disney greed sucking the money out of hard working parents .
 This game is fun . but the price unbelievable . In a bad way . $ 10 a month , REALLY ! Why would I pay $ 10 a month for this if I could have Xbox live and all of its features for the same . Toontown is fun but for 10 a month it is not worth it . Even $ 5 a month is kind of pushing it . It should be about $ 10 for 3 months . Then I 'll buy . Until that happens , DO N'T PAY ON THIS OVERPRICED GAME . Play Halo , COD , Gears , Battlefield , GTA , Red Dead , and so on . At least your getting your moneys worth .
 Do not under any circumstances pay a hundred bucks for two months of Toontown online . It 's free to try , and ten bucks a month or eighty a year.Paying this much is paying five times too much . This is not like WoW or SWG or EQ or any others where you buy the box then pay the monthly fee . Toontown is a free download - the game is much less complex than the others and has minimal graphics.Don ' t get me wrong , we 've been playing this off and on since we played the `` Tag '' game at Epcot almost a decade ago , so we were waiting when Toontown came out a few years later . Read the other reviews for game specifics . This offer is awful!Pet peeve - when you decide to cancel , you must call , you can not simply discontinue paying as you can with the other 8-10 MMORPGs I have tried . They `` protect '' you from not paying them . Disney will also cancel you the day you call , even if you have weeks left that you have paid for.UPDATE - you can now cancel your account online.Not sure what they now offer for twenty bucks , but if it 's two months , that 's about what you get normally so this could be helpful . The Hundred dollar price tag was absurd .
 A wonderful wonderful game has got my 6 and 8 year old hooked . Great stategy , clean without the dark violence -LRB- more slapstick -RRB- then other video games . It is FREE to download this game , and thre is the free version - functional with certain things limited and then the subscription plan for the full access . My kids love this game and we use it as a reward . Try it free online , and maybe your kids will love the free version . But by no means spend one hundred dollars for this CD . The same version is free to download .
 i used to play the free trials but after your third trial they dont let you have another one but they leave fetures out on the free trial so i bought this and i said ONLY 2 MONTHS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what the this game sucks -LRB- unless your rich -RRB-
 actually i think its really bogus that they make you pay for something and you think your gon na get the game without having to pay the monthly fees and you stilld do anyway .
 This game is crap . The main reason is because when you join , they FORCE you to rejoin ! They will keep billing you ! And there is no way to tell them to stop , unless you find their number when you get billed , and hope that they 'll refund it . The game also is n't very good . I recomend 1 month of it , the game is pretty fun , but the fun wears off in about a month
 My mom got me this for my birthday 2 years ago because I had played it at a friend 's house and loved it . I had Dial-up internet then -LRB- now I have high-speed , hooray ! -RRB- . Well I entered the code , set up my account and tried playing . All it did was give me a white screen . I tried again . Another white screen . I repeated the process for half an hour or so and every time it gave me a white screen . I sent 3 e-mails to tech support and I do n't think they answered any of them . That 's $ -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars down the drain.A review of Toontown itself
 Are you kidding me ? I was just about to purchase this for my 6 year old son who LOVES playing it online with the free trials , -LRB- ... -RRB- . If I spend money on a computer game I am not going to continue spending money each month for it . It figures it would be Disney ... everything they do is a ripoff . I do n't understand why they ca n't make a version that does not require an internet connection .
 Not mac compatible , do n't buy it if you have a mac . Not mac compatible , do n't buy it if you have a mac .
 When we load this game into our computer the wizard starts like it should ... then halfway through install it says `` file not found '' then `` uninstall '' . Not even my brother , `` The Computer Geek '' could get it to work ... . Just bad luck ??? Complete disappointment ... Love the DS version I got to replace it for my daughter !!!
 I found the controls overly complicated with too many unuseable options , there are only so many plays that you need to have available on 4th and 25 , punt , punt really long , and possibly field goal , I ended up getting two delay of game penalties trying to find the Field Goal option which put me out of field goal range !! The graphics are great , but the content is feeble .
 yea the game is great , but the disk scratches up too easily . I want my money back . My Madden stopped working on the second day i had it .
 I love to golf but I disliked this game . It was very boring and the players drives were very short , and the computer was almost impossible to beat . I ca n't understand how this game got such good ratings .
 this game is relly confusing and borin . the game takes to long and it is very easy . it takes no skill all you do is point the person at the whole chhose your power and shoot
 I thought Madden 2000 was really confusing.The controls are hard . This game is horrible for people who do n't like football video games or who have never played them .
 While Madden NFL 2000 was a fun game , I found it very difficult to learn to use . It was n't playing the exhibition games that was difficult-that was very easy-it was the other features . The instruction booklet that comes with the game offers little advice on how to do anything . You were supposed to be able to create your own plays , make your own players , and enter codes . I could n't figure out how to do any of that . The graphics were nice , but nothing special . In fact , they seemed about the same as those from other games and earlier years .
 When i first bought this game i thought that this was going to be fun . But when i got home i couldnt get the controls at all!Belive me that when I was playing this game it took me at least 10 minutes just to figure out how to pass !!! I urge you if you are looking for a football game please consier any of the NFL Blitz titles . The only good part about this game was the price -LRB- ... -RRB- . I hope that my review was helpful to you
 First off it 's -LSB- ... -RSB- it be about -LSB- ... -RSB- because the game is only worth about -LSB- ... -RSB- and the GBC is dead . They have GBA now , no one is going to buy anymore GBCs unless the price goes down . The game is all right but I would n't buy it too overpriced .
 This game was not fun for me ! i personally think that this game was not educational or fun at all , other people may think differently , but do please consider buying a different game , like Zelda , or Harvest Moon -LRB- 2 -RRB-
 This is one of the worst games ever made . It is impossible to beat even the easiest levels without spending hours on learning the terrible interface and horrid battle system . Very bad game for even the highly experienced RTS player . If you have hours to waste , fine , buy this game . Otherwise get a real game that will allow you to have fun .
 Being a big fan of the Might and Magic universe , I bought this game immediately . I must admit to being impressed initially , but the more I played the less I liked it.The pros
 This game had a good look to it but it was rushed to market and it shows.The quests are completed in order with no side quests . The method of transport is probably the marjority of the game ; running ! If you like watching marathons , then this game is for you.The fighting is predictable as you watch your opponents attack and easily see patterns.The spell list is ok but most of the spells you do n't use . The method of buying and selling is confusing at first . The weapons are ok.The final fight was uninteresting . I found one quest -LRB- the ice titans -RRB- more of a challenge then the final villan.If you can get it cheap , then what the heck . Otherwise , save your money .
 While the PS1 was a decent version , the pc is absolute crap . Bad graphics compared to the console , terrible voice acting -LRB- you can tell they are in a bad sound room -RRB- , and overall a worthless piece of s *** . Do not buy this game ; in fact , avoid this game like the plague .
 This game is a very poor game , the controlls are horrilbe and confusing , the graphicks are very undefinate and all in all it is a horrible game , if you want a game like this that is a lot better get 007 , the world is not enough . It 's controlls are easy to fall into the plot is great and it is a very challenging game . the multiplayer is a million times better than the one in this game and at least you can unlock codes .
 This game is horrible ! I have seen game demos longer than this game . I beat it the day after I got it . It has a totally pointless goal , where you are supposed to take pictures of the pokemon . When will the people at Nintendo stop being stupid and learn that if they stick to the material , such as the gameboy games , then there games would not be selling for 20 bucks right now . My only regrets -LRB- besides buying this game -RRB- is that you have to put one star up there . This gamedeserves zero . please , do yourself a favor and rent this game before you buy it .
 What are you looking for in a game ? Are you looking for action , adventure , learning , or boring hours of repeated gameplay ? If you are looking for the fourth choice , you definantly found it . I could give myself more entertainment with watching Barney . Seriously , unless you are looking for endless hours of taking pictures of little -LRB- ... -RRB- creatures jumping around on the screen , Do n't Get This .
 This is n't the greatest game in the world . In fact it kind of ... There is no replayability and the object of the game is beyond easy . The do n't even have all of the pokemon in it and there are no plans for a second one . If you like slow moving boring games than this is the game for you . If not , steer clear of this one . -LRB- And I even love pokemon !! -RRB-
 When I first played this game I thought it was pretty good . Going around on the track taking pictures of pokemon is addicting , but the game ends way to fast -LRB- I beat it within a day -RRB- and offers no replay value or challenge . It 's definitely worth a rental , but do n't think about buying it until it goes WAY down in price .
 This game seriously is n't worth the money . I was soooo excited when I saw it in stores , I bought it , and it bored me to death . Adults out there
 Pokemon were cool , yes , there was a time when the great empire of little cuddly creature took America by storm . All 150 -LRB- as the new one 's do n't matter a bit -RRB- were great and were a lot of fun to see in the game . Then the franchise went down hill shelling out nothing that could be considered nothing more than drivel . I know this may be a lot for a person of any age who loves pokemon to swallow . But , the franchise is old and is nothing anymore but a waste of money . When , I first got this game I will not lie a bit , I was impressed it was a very fun game and I enjoyed owning it and being able to take pictures of various pokemon . When I finished the game though I was horribly disappointed . There were nowhere near the amount of Pokemon in the game I expected and the game really left little to the imagination -LRB- can you believe that , a pokemon game , that leaves little to the imagination ? -RRB- I wish I could rate this game higher and maybe if there were no alternative it may have rated higher , but there are better games out there and I 'm sorry but , I wasted my money on this game .
 this was a discrace to all N64 games.I 've played some pretty bad games but this one takes the cake for the crappiest game I 've ever played.It 's a great game for kids 7 and under but not 10 or 11 year olds.You can sum the entire game up in just a few words.You ride around on a track and take pictures of some stupid little creatures .
 If I could pick the most boring , esiest game in the world , I would pick this one . All you do is z + a = a picture . Throughout the levels you get things like bait and stuff , but unless your a serous camera fan , this game should be reccomended to no one .
 This game may be appealing to the eye and ear . The name Pokemon will sell the game by itself . But after you get the game , you play it for a couple of hours and you 're done . There is not much to do in it . The graphics are pretty darn cool but the fun factor is just way too low .
 This game is the worst game I 've ever played with ! It was dumb and boring . You just take pictures of Pokemon and that is not a challenge.The other games like Pokemon Yellow and Blue are much better.i suggest those games .
 This game really sucks ! I rented it once for five days and I played it for one day and then I beat it ! It was so stupid . It is worse than mario party 3 ! If you are a first time game player , do n't get this game . If you have been playing Games for 50 years , do n't get this game . This is the worst game ever .
 Do n't get this game . It is not worth the money . Ok . . you can print the picture out but then you have to buy the pokemon snap card and it costs about $ 5 and it is just not worth the money . And it is to short . No plot , no challange , might as well go through your photo album , it would be more entertaining
 I throughly did not like this game at all . Unless you enjoy being on a set track and taking pictures of pokemon with a limited amount of film and giving them food or bombing them or playing music for them and taking more pictures . Then this game is not for you .
 THis game was okay , but the whole concept was kinda boring . You just go thru the same worlds and the same exact thing happens , every time . its pretty boring after u play it 4 a while .
 Sure , its fun 4 five minutes , but after that Id rather be taking pics of my bathroom than the Pokemon in this game . I spent $ 3.95 on this game , but now I wish I would have bought gum or marbles instead !
 Let me say this first
 The makers of Pokemon Snap obviously were just trying to earn some money off the Pokemon frenzy . It 's way too easy , and only 63 Pokemons are available . The storyline is weak too , trying to take a picture of Mew . Out of my stand point , there are only a couple of things good about Pokemon Snap , the graphics -LRB- surroundings , enviroment -RRB- and how the Pokemon act . If you 're not a Pokemaniac , do n't waste your time on it . -LRB- Even if it is just a couple minutes -RRB-
 Someone , somewhere decided to play a cruel , cruel joke on the world , and out of that decision came the vile game Pokemon Snap . You sit in a cart , and do the tedious and tired task of photographing overly-cute Pokemon . I think Pokemon Bang would 've have been a MUCH better idea .
 This game was a total disapointment for Pokemon fans . You can finish a game in 10 minuates there is no challange what so ever . -LRB- only for little kids0 -LRB- for them this game might be great -RRB- but for anyone older .
 The game was awsome when I first played it . Then once I beat it I was dissapointed cuz I wanted more . So I played it again like people usually do but I found it icreadibly boring . It 's fun for the 1st time but after that , complete bordom .
 The first pokemon title for the N64 was not the best thing to hit the market . The game was designed poorly . They could have made it better but they just threw it in stores as soon as they could . Mostly for little kids , older children would n't like it . A safe game with no guns or blood , just pokemon . By taking pictures of pokemon and earning new gifts like food and a flute to get new poses and reactions for better photos . The game is very easy to beat . Get it for little kids,5-8 years old . Older children would be bored and put it away once they beat it . Not the best game .
 Pokemon Snap is just another game with a pokemon title to get kids to buy it . With it 's short gameplay and thin plot made me fell that when I finshed the game , one hour later , that I wasted I hour of my life . I ca n't say it is n't a good game because I do n't like Pokemon and there are good graphics , but if your loking for a game for fun and not for pokemon stay away from this game .
 This game was an extremely easy game that you can beat in 15 minutes . All you do is take pictures of dumb Pokemon . Then when you beat the game you have to try to beat the computers impossible scores . THAT 'S IT , DO NOT BUY
 When I first got this game I really liked it . Then after a while it did n't hold my interest . I would suggest renting the game , but do n't buy t.
 I got this game two years ago , the first time I played it , I could tell it would be boring.I beat the game in one hour.I was expecting it to be much better.I do n't recemend this games at all !
 If u like to go about 1 mile per hour take pictures of little pieeces of nothing and hate challenges then this game is for u. Also the game is short 64 guys when there is supposed to be 150 u know 64 150 same thing . If u see this game and u have already played it it would bring back memories BAD memories if u want tose bad memories get the game other wise i dare u to get the game u will probably like it -LRB- yea right -RRB- !
 This game is very pointless . All you do is go around and take pictures of 64 Pokemon . Do not go out and buy this game , total waste of time and money
 at first this game is alot of fun but then it starts to get boring I have beat the game and id say once you get used to it you coan beat i n about hmmmmmm about 8-10 hours
 If you enjoy games where you move around in this little cart that moves roughly two miles an hour taking pictures of mutated animals , than this game is perfect for you . If you enjoy more exciting games , do n't even consider purchasing this game . Pointless , stupid , absolutley disgusting . If they a game more boring than this , i 'll ... well , it does n't matter , because it 's near impossible to make a game worse than this , nintendo would be at an all time low . I got bored of this game in two minutes .
 You drive around in a jeep or whatever and take pictures of Pokemon . This gets old really fast . The only good thing is that you can win some cool stuff if you take a better picture than anyone else in the world ... which is , suffice it to say , highly unlikely .
 All you do is you move a guy around a track and take pictures of Pokemon . The best pictures get the most points .
 I cant believe this game got better reviews then `` HEY YOU PIKACHU '' . You ride around on a trolly through the same old boards -LRB- i think 6-7 total -RRB- taking pictures of the characters . Professor Oak either excepts them or doesnt depending on the `` quality '' of the picture -LRB- size , pose , and technique -RRB- . Eventually , you get a couple of items that help you take better pictures . Big Deal!The only reason i gave this two stars instead of one is because my son can play it , take as many pictures as he wants , and i dont have to `` pay '' to `` develop '' them.This is the most simple minded boring game i have ever bought for the N64.ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ -LRB- Woops i 'm falling asleep writing this review -RRB- .
 If you are over 10 , I do n't think you would like this game very much ; It gets so boring afer you 've played it about 3 times . If you are over 10 and want a good Poke ` mon game , get Poke ` mon Stadium 2 !
 This was one of the very 1st games we purchased for our daughter , who was 6 at the time . I am an avid video game player , yet I do n't like this one at all . I think the game is very monotonous , with very little clues or instruction . The graphics are good but the motion of swinging around to take pix can make one extremely nauseous . My daughter is completely lost playing the game but seems to enjoy it just the same . However , it is the least played game in our house -- maybe 1 or 2 x per year . Kirby and Super Mario are much better choices . Pokemon Stadium is even more fun . I 'd skip this one or rent it at -LRB- ... -RRB- -- it 's not worth the money . Why are these games so expensive ?
 This is my absolute favorite kind of WW2 game , but I could not get it to work with my WindowsXP at all , even though the demo download worked pretty well . It locks up immediately so badly that I have to turn off the pc to clean it up . I tried different settings , like Windows 95 , etc. and even downloading the latest patch did n't help . I would give it 0 stars , but the review wo n't allow it , so it gets a faux one .
 The game had a missing file that would not allow me to install it onto the hard-drive . I tried every ave. to find a way to install it , but to no avail . The seller knew what he/she was selling . If I were you , I would n't trust this seller .
 I 'm afraid I had many difficulties playing this game . I tried running this on my desktop which uses windows 7 but it did n't work . I ran it on a older system and works beautifully ! I love this game and it was a huge part on my childhood but I wish it ran on some of the newer systems.Sincerely , Dgeo200026
 I purchased Hype for my son but it would not run properly on our PC , so he never got to play it . I tried phoning the toll-free number provided in the manual , but it played a message giving a long distance number to call for support . I also tried the Ubisoft web page . There was very little information available , and nothing that helped me with the issue I was having . I tried sending email to tech support but never received a reply . I finally decided to give up and returned the game . I will certainly avoid purchasing software from Ubisoft in the future .
 When I bought it it worked for like 10 mins . I couldnt even figer out how to work it . It came with BAD instructions . It even takes batteries . DONT GET IT !!!!
 As a pinball sim , this games falls way short . I hoped that the programers would have been able to come up with a better physics model for the game then what they included . Many targets were too difficult to hit due to the balls tendency to only go in a handful of trajectories no matter where on the flipper the ball was or the speed at which the ball was going . The rumble option ended up being annoying at best . Thank god it can be turned off or yo can pull out the battery -RRB- . I love playing pinball , but I set this down after the first day .
 I think that the game is not that fun because all that you do is just flip the ball up and down on the screen .
 I bought Pokemon Pinball just because of Pikachu . The box has Pikachu on it and it looks stupid . Anything with Pikachu or a Poke Ball is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo stupid and this game has Pikachu sitting in a Poke Ball . That is even stupider . I thought Pikachu disliked Poke Balls . He did n't seem to care about being in a Poke Ball in Red and Blue or in this game he should n't be in a Poke Ball either . I hate Pikachu and Pikachu is on the box for this game ! He is n't on the stinking rumble cartridge thank god . I played and Pikachu was on the start screen . I closed my eyes and picked Game Start . I picked a table and started in Viridian Forest . I found a Pokemon in Catch Em Mode . It was Pikachu ! I took out the game and sold it ! The Pokedex is the worst and Pikachu is n't only on the box and start up screen , he is also in the game itself . I sold this game because of Pikachu and I hate it and always will !
 I think that the game is not that fun because all that you do is just flip the ball up and down on the screen .
 Maybe I 'm impaitient . This game just takes way too much time to learn . I played a couple times without reading the manual . No goThe manual is about 60 pages . I would not recommend this game .
 At first , Caesar III got me addicted to the extent that I 'd spend all of my waking hours trying to get a good city going , neglecting even my schoolwork . However , once I got into the medium and upper levels , it became obvious that this game was impossible to win!It takes too long to develop a city up to the required levels . There is no definite objective ; instead you have to achieve various set standards for your city before winning . While you focus on keeping your city safe from numerous barbarian hordes , you may inadvertently neglect the cultural facilities -LRB- e.g. theaters and stadiums -RRB- of your city . Once you achieve the required culture rating , you 'll find out that your city is n't `` prospering '' enough . Each and every person living in your city has their own little complaints which they direct to you . These could range anywhere from disease , fire , floods , thirst , starvation , poverty , earthquakes , enemy attack , and building collapse to unemployment , riots , lack of workers , high taxation , lack of entertainment , and even the wrath of the Roman gods . Your city 's houses always want something more , whether it be religious facilities , pottery , fruits , oil , or expensive imported wines . On top of all that , the emperor , Caesar himself , periodically asks for outrageously high amounts of a certain good ; he can also order you to send all your soldiers away to defend other cities of the empire . If you do n't fulfill his requests , he will be angry at you and send his legions to destroy your city.It takes so much time , frustration , and micro-management to win a single scenario that the gaming experience is simply not worth it.If you are willing to spend hours upon hours trying to win a game that 's simply too hard for most poeple to win , then I wish you good luck . You 'll be needing it . But if you 're like me and you have better and more useful things to do than listen to the greviances of people in an imaginary city , then I recommend NOT getting this game .
 I really liked this game at first , but the I got further and further along and found that I could n't get past a certain level , no matter which choice I took . The game was n't too expensive , but I upgraded to Windows XP and now it does n't work . My recommendation is not to buy it .
 First , the good . The shipping was VERY FAST . Package arived in less than a week . And the game is a blast . ^_^ Now the bad . What I got was n't what I was expecting . I had placed an order on a NEW copy of the game , but what I got was some sort of reprint from a company in the UK . Putting the disk in the drive caused my firewall to go nuts -LRB- I DO N'T LIKE HAVING SPY-WARE SENT TO ME !!! -RRB- and when I tried to exit the install , it cut off my internet connection . Now why would it want to do that ? Also , the boxart that is shown online IS N'T the same box that I got . I liked the game , but was not pleased with all the extra crap that was put on the disk . > = -LRB-
 I do n't know how much fun the game is or how I would rate it simply because the CD does NOT work . Even though I tried several times the game will not load to my computer . I am very dissapointed .
 I am very displeased with Caesar III . Altough the game is fun at first , it becomes so difficult in the latter part of the game that I became frustrated.Another problem is that you need a superfast computer in order to manager this program on your interface . For example , I have a Dell Pentium II @ 700 megahertz with 128 MB SDRAM . My computer should have handled the software fine , however to my surprise the program ran slow , and often I would have to reboot the computer because Caesar III would eat up my memory . Several of my friends tell me the same problems happened in their computers too . That 's not coincidental ! Its a problem for Caesar III.My final problem with Caesar III is that the computer often misleads you into building certain temples , fora , and buildings at the wrong time . Unlike SimCity , the tools that Caesar III offers you in the game work against you . Which makes the game a terrible experience and a load of time in order to complete each sceneario . I know that Julius Caesar was fastidious leader , however I would never suspect that he his so hard to please in a software game.This is what it comes down to
 maybe it 's because i bought it at the same time as pharaoh . . but i was disappointed with this game 's poor design . . it really lacks the potential intricacies that pharaoh has . . . . swap ancient egypt for rome , you 'll be much happier .
 I loathe this game . Sure , it 's fun when you beat a level but it takes me roughly 20 tries per level . It 's nerve shattering in it 's randomness and worse off half the city burns and has to be replaced each level . Fair ? No , in fact I want to find the programmer and strangle him for making such an idiotic imbalance to luck and skill . You think you 're doing fine after you recovered from plague , whoops , here comes an invading army . If you fended off the army , Caesar gets displeased and dispatches a legion to wipe you out . If you manage to beat Caesar 's first legion , he sends more doubling in size every time . That 's not to consider the fact that your people are starving , the gods are angry and your city is on fire again and the plague is sweeping your houses again since the doctors were killed by Caesar 's legions and you 're in debt 5000 Dn to the emperor . Ridiculous . Most units are worthless too , the prefects only put out fires and I 've never seen one actually fight a legionaire and not die . I 've seen 8 prefects on 1 last surviving legionaire and he kills them all and ransacks my whole city !!! ONE FREAKING GUY RANSACKS AN ENTIRE CITY !!! You 'd think he 'd at least suffer exhaustion or something but nope!All in all I need to find a vomitarium . Ugh .
 if i had reviewed this game 3 months ago , i would have given it 5 stars . what can i say ? i lost interest.i mean c'mon ! there is absolutely no storyline at all.the point of the game is to run around killing bugs and rescuing teddy bears.fun at first-but wait for some thing better to come out .
 In all of my existence upon this mortal coil I have never been so insulted by such an immature attempt at amusement . I pity the individual who finds this so-called `` game '' fun and enjoyable to play with . I did not appreciate having to run around and save little `` bears '' all the time . Give me a break , here , `` bears '' , for crying out loud , are we not a little more mature than that ? The weapons were so repetitive . How many games have you played where you can get the machine gun upgrade ? The enemies , if they can be called that , were a joke , what 's the default setting on this game , two year old ? Overall the game was not very impressive to me . That is why I never even started the gameplay , personally .
 Could there be a worse game ? Jet Force Gemini is highly overrated , it has bad graphics , the choice range for the weapons is small , and it has horrible control . ... I would rate this gave with a half star if I could !
 Jet Force Gemini , a space alien -LRB- bug -RRB- shoot em ' up . In the beginning of the game , you start out slaughtering Mizar 's evil forces . Soon the game progresses to nothing but puzzles with little action . Camera angles constantly leave people laying on the ground wondering what hit them . The auto-aim feature is terrible compared to Goldeneye 007 's auto-aim . JFG 's auto-aim switches camera angles while making your character face a certain way making it hard to explore other areas . To deactivate the auto-aim you must run away from the foe while letting him pummel you just to leave the room . The limited arsenal makes killing the bugs boring FAST . In my opinion , choose a different game such as Goldeneye 007 or Winback .
 Jet Force Gemini is not a bad game due to a lack of effort on the part of Rare ; it is a bad game because it is absolutely no fun to play . The game is polished and well produced ; but the level design is unimaginative , often leaving the player running back into the same rooms over and over again because the lackluster level design and failure to use readily recognizable landmarks leaves you lost and disoriented . Rare tried to implement a creative controller design , but fell a little bit short ; keeping your finger on the R button when you are in what I call `` aiming mode '' is clunky and frustrating . The three main characters have no character ; Joanna Dark 's right hand on your screen is more enchanting then the three characters you get to control . Rare has also implemented the always failing approach where you need to revisit each level with each character to find all of the goodies ; for this to be successful -LRB- and it rarely is -RRB- you need tight , well designed levels that the character can enter and quickly find the part of the level he/she needs to access . As I mentioned before , the level design is poorly done and the levels are a bit too large , so I shudder to think about going back and getting reaquainted with each level again with each character , especially if you consider that fact that you will have forgotten where you need to bring each character anyway ! A rare miss . Rare 's second miss actually . Donkey Kong 64 suffered from the same boring gaming premise ; making you revisit each level with all of the characters is a recipe for agonizing repetition . Game companies , please stop this .
 After tearing my hair out for several hours , I came to a conclusion . JFG is a good game , but it 's simply no fun to play . Unlike other Rare games like Donkey Kong 64 , Bango-Tooie and Perfect Dark , JFG seems more like a challenge than a game
 I bought the game and the dance pads after playing it at a friends house . These were inferior quality pads , compared to the ones my friend owned . I slipped all over the place and could n't feel where on the pad my feet were . Fun game ... but do n't buy these pads .
 The kid were so happy when we got it . After we plugged it in and start to dance the mat just go all over the floor , we try to put that sticky pad we use under the rug and it still moving around . Now it 's in the corner no one want to use it , since it 's too late to return . . sorry to say , it is a piece of junk . . waste money only
 I love DDR , and I have been playing for a few years now . These pads were sold for a pretty good price , they shipped fast , and I received them within a few days of my order -LRB- which is the only reason why I gave them a two star rating -RRB- . I took VERY good care of the pads , but within two days of playing with a friend , the up button on one of the pads broke -LRB- when he stood in the center of the pad it used the up button which gets VERY annoying -RRB- . We play on heavy mode , but we DO NOT stomp on the pads . They just were n't made very well at all . They slide all over the place too . After about a week , it seems as if the pads are almost completely broken . DDR is an amazing game , but I suggest that you shell out more money and get better pads .
 NCsoft has proven itself yet again as an MMO killing machine , with the recent announcement of the closure of the popular City of Heroes franchise , they seek to sell as many games as possible and run the game for a short while before ultimately closing the servers as they have done many times in the past . They also have no interest to remain active in the Western market so any money received from us will be taken with little intent to allow us to get what we 've paid for .
 There are no visible scratches or scuffs but every time I try to load it it reverts back to the Wii home screen . Kinda bummed . I loved this game . My toddler destroyed my first one and now this one does n't work . But ! I did wait too long to return or review it , so it 's my bad on the money lost .
 This is the worst game I have ever played . I never tried any of the SIMS games before , and after someone recommended this one to my husband , he bought it for me . It was on sale for 14.99 . I was never interested in this game so If it hadnt been on sale I would have returned it to the store . So ... I tried playing this game and the SIMS dont even speak English ?? I dont know what they are saying ! There are no instructions other then how to make your characters and what your SIMS need . I found it very difficult to understand what to do . I went into the town and got stuck there for 1 hour , literaly ! The character went into the bathroom every minute . This game is extemely boring and very annoying . Dont buy this unless you speak Russian and have a very boring life !
 These memory cards are junk . They are not recognized by the psone console or the ps2 console -LRB- when playing psone games -RRB- . When compared to sony psone memory cards it appears there is a manufacturing defect -- the trace lines are too short -- most likely causing the cards to not make contact in the slot .
 this game is nothing like what i thought it would be.it is really not very realilistic.i do n't like it and do n't play it . -LSB- ... -RSB- i would NOT recomment it to anyone .
 I 'm giving this game only 2 stars because it did not work on my new mac HOWEVER I played this game for years when I was younger and it first came out . If you miraculously have an old enough computer that still functions , buy this game .
 I have purchased this item for a good price but when i recieved it , i put it in my disk drive and nothing happened . It keeps giving me an error pop up . Obviously something is wrong with the disk . So as you can see `` you get what you pay for ''
 WASTE , DOES NOT WORK ! MY 9 YEAR OLD SON USED HIS OWN MONEY TO BUY THIS GAME THAT DOES NOT WORK ON OUR COMPUTER , HE WAS DEVASTATED . VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 This product is not for anyone who feels they play well , or who wants to learn to play Hold 'Em poker well . Please consider the following in-game actions ... 1 . On the Button and pre-flop , player lays down AA to a raise and a re-raise . Oh , really ? Pre-flop ? Which raise was it that represents a better pre-flop hand than AA ? Is AA pre-flop not worth a third bet , or at least a call ? 2 . On the Button , player lays down 77 with no prior action . Same comment .3 . Big Blind with 42o cold calls a bet & large raise ... flop comes 424 . Oh , I get it . I know the game has to whittle down the number of players , but a little more subtlety would go a long way.Want more ? I got 'em ... as they say ... in spades , and examples as ludicrous or more , as the three above . This product is very unrealistic , bordering on the ridiculous.Now , the program bug . In the middle of a hand , the program forces you into a bet , check or all in ... fold is not an option -LRB- the FOLD button goes gray -RRB- , nor can you enter a numerical bet in the window reserved for same . The window becomes frozen with whatever number is in it at the time the flop was exposed.Anyway , I would not recommend this product to anyone who , as I said , is looking for a purer approach to practicing No-limit Hold 'Em . Most of the real fun associated with this game is to try and figure out what kind of poker player -LRB- s -RRB- were behind the thinking . I understand tight , but folding top two pair to a raise with no pair , straight or flush showing on the board ... Ouch !! So , if you simply want to pass some time away ...
 Dated graphics and no updates make for a low-price game . You get what you pay for .
 First off , I 'll say something good about the game.The graphics are pretty good and the story line is okay.Istalling took a while but I got a chance to eat lunch while I watched it install.After getting it installed and seeing what looked like a great game getting started by the graphics , everything went downhill immediently.I had a decent graphic card but the movement was jerky.Worst of all were the constant hints telling me what to do and where to go.Large blue arrows pointing to where Ishould walk and bright yellow exclamation marks over the enemies heads.Duh!All that was missing were nametags . I like to figure things out when I 'm in a game and not be led around like a dumb idiot .
 This is a resource-hogging sow of a game , a gluttonous bottomless pit waiting to consume your PC . I can only assume the developers must have set up each of their effects to run on a different server . `` You want fog ? Sure , pal , that 'll take another gig of RAM . '' It 's unimaginable how a game of only above average graphical detail can completely disable perfectly good computers , while better looking games run smoothly.And let 's not mention the sound effects , hit detection , AI , storyline , on and on . The only value this thing has is as a learning tool of how not to make games . Which would be like buying a Yugo to learn how not to make cars . Which you would n't do . So do n't .
 Fans of the NBC series THE OFFICE -LRB- or even of the original British version -RRB- would probably be eagerly expecting this . Well , I am not sure this is something they would want ... THE OFFICE is a classic time-management casual game where one has to deliver colored folders , printed faxes and the like to cubicle-enclosed coworkers . As the game progresses , the tasks get more complicated , the time gets reduced and the computer-controlled competition gets fiercer . Bonuses and combos are sparingly awarded . See you again tomorrow at 9 . To anyone who has experienced games such as DINNER-DASH or PIZZA-FRENZY this is nothing new . They just added big heads of the cast to the characters.Definitely NOT worth the admission price ...
 When I first heard of Stolen , I had thoughts of something similar to Splinter Cell with a new character , new gadgets , and a new purpose . However the execution of this game is poor in the extreme . The developers have obviously geared this toward the console market and the PC version is n't very stable . The framerate is terrible , there are graphics glitches throughout , and the levels are nearly impossible to complete for the average gamer . Saved games do n't even restart you were you saved , but back at the last `` checkpoint '' , another carryover from the world of consoles.While the main character 's acrobatics are impressive , some of the `` mini games '' within such as hacking and lock-picking leave quite a bit to be desired . Hacking consists of repetitive patterns in a 3x3 grid and the game 's poor response time makes it utterly frustrating . Lock picking is done with a series of shaped tumblers , and a huge amount of key tapping . If locks were anything like this in the real world , crime would be non-existant . I think the consensus for this game will be pretty much either you love it or you hate it . Console gamers will probably be fine with it on an X-Box or PS2 , but the PC version is a poor adaptation of a game that had the potential to be truly great .
 This game will not work on a 233 mhz mac product . It was not even beta tested on such low powered machines . The minimum system requirements are at least a G3 333mhz mac with 16 mg video card and a fair bit of ram -LRB- probably at least 97 though more likely 128 mg of ram -RRB- .
 This software did not meet expectations . The program was converted from the Windows platform and there is definite evidence of the old version -LRB- title page still has 2001 labels ! -RRB- . Documentation is not sufficient and it 's difficult to figure out how to use the basic features and setup . Needs more work !!!
 I ordered this game in January 2002 after seeing an advert in Mac World . I guess I bought into the hype and had high expectations . I finally received the product in August . I 've only played it once , yesterday , and I was frankly shocked at how bad it is . I 'm writing to warn you to save your money.Despite being released many months late , this feels like Beta software . You can choose from 12 different golfers , but there are only animations for two of them . The Arnold Palmer animation is acceptable , I guess , but where 's the rest of the characters?I can not figure out why the software was distributed on 4 CD-ROMs , each of which holds 200 MB or so of data . Juggling 4 discs is clunky -- it does n't seem like the distribution was well thought out.Only Discs 1 and 4 are needed for installation of the game and the course designer , respectively . The scanty documentation does not mention what Discs 2 and 3 are for . I got prompted to insert Disc 2 the first time I played a new course . I 'm guessing the geometry of the various courses is stored on that disc.Excuse my language , but apart from the Arnold Palmer animation , the quality of the graphics sucks . The details of the main views of the courses are noticeably grainy . The interface is sluggish , clunky and unresponsive . I think my old Links LS was a much better golf game.For what it 's worth , I 'm running this program under Mac OS X on a Power Mac G4 with 512 MB of memory . Maybe I need to change the screen resolution somehow , or perhaps the program works better if installed under Mac OS 9 ... I have n't tried any of this yet . I keep thinking I must be missing something basic about the set-up because as it is I just ca n't believe how bad the game is .
 My husband is an avid golfer was very excited about being able to `` design-in '' our brand new Municipal golf course `` The Meadow At Peabody '' so he could play golf at home And the old fashioned way . Well , the game did n't arrive for Christmas and then it did n't arrive for our March anniversary , and then it did n't arrive for the opening of the full 18 hole opening of the Meadow in May.It really should be a pretty fine game ... because we 've now waited through Fathers ' Day , and his birthday is coming up and then it looks like Christmas again .
 Is this what we have waited for ? I do not know how the OS9 version works , but DO NOT buy this for OSX . In the space of one hour I had 3 Kernal panics and never once got past the first hole without crashing . Visually , the game looks great , I just wish it was playable . This software is not ready for release as an OSX application . I returned it to Amazon .
 This game was released with a pc version of the course converter , outdated ATI driver updates and outdated Gameranger software -LRB- for online play -RRB- . All of which is really inexcuseable.The game , in many set-ups , requires serious tweaking to run properly -LRB- i.e. lower screen resolution / graphic settings -RRB- ... It would be worth your while to check this out if you want to enjoy this game at all .
 The game is simply unusable in OS X . However in OS 9 it runs like a dream . The game itself looks great , but the gameplay is poor with no distance gauges on the swing meter and putting that is next to impossible . Not to mention 4 clunky discs , the links 2001 logo on the program with a box that says 2002 , and a menu interface that is counterintuitive and complex . What a shameful effort on the part of the programers . I would have gladly waited another year if they could have made a decent program .
 This software leaves a ton to be desired . I ca n't believe the software does n't work any better than it does and it 's a very poor conversion from the Windows version . The software has very poor documentation and NO support from the publisher . An example of the quality is the fact that the program is packaged with the year 2002 and when the program is actually loaded , it 's labeled for the year of 2001 . Where 's the quality control check ? The best advice , to play a real round of golf and save your money .
 I always get a Error type 1 -LRB- a memory error -RRB- . It wo n't install . I have 768 MB of Ram . What a thrill to have a game that wo n't load .
 Extremely buggy game ! After waiting almost 8 months for it to be released , I was incredibly disappointed in the game play . I really is no better than the last Links game , and I could n't even turn on the gallery because I did n't have sufficient RAM ! -LRB- I have a 550 G4 powerbook with 512 MB RAM , running OS X -RRB- I really is too bad that stuff like this is release after all the hype . It sort of makes Mac users look bad.After creating a Tour name , I now ca n't even play it , because it kept crashing on me after shot . Now it crashes when I resume the tournament . So , I created a new tournament , played about two holes , and it starting its crashing again . Very disappointing . I thought it may have been something I did , but after reading the rest of the reviews ...
 The seller of this game will not tell you that the APCD -LRB- Arnold Palmer Course Designer -RRB- does not allow you to import custom art ! In other words , it 's a half-baked program that will not function as well as it 's Windows counterpart . Not to mention that they MISTITLED THE GAME ! It 's not Links 2002 , it 's the championship version of Links 2001 released in 2002 . If all you want to do is play courses designed by people 9 years ago , you might find some enjoyment in this title , but I would recommend that you get a $ 7 copy of Links 2003 from linkscountryclub.com . Of course you would need a copy of Windows to play it on , but if you have a Mac and want to play games , that should be your first purchase anyway . In closing , this title is only for people who DO N'T want a FULLY working program that is correctly titled , and you taking the plunge on this purchase makes me happy . Not to be the only sucker in the room , that is .
 I had high hopes for this game . Pre-ordered and waited months . The Graphics are beautiful , the courses are challenging , but after a few weeks of crashing every other time I played , I 've purged the game from my files and am using all that memory for more productive endeavors . A major disappointment . I refuse to re-configure my computer for a game .
 I 've been waiting since June to receive this game . It 's now August . What 's going on here ????
 ... It looks like it worked well on certain Apple hardware . Maybe a graphics card issue ???? Maybe if we all cross our fingers ...
 this is an inferior product that does notsatisfy . Do n't waste your money .
 Hard to review a game that will never be released . I have had it on order since November . If the developers are not competent enough to complete it on time , it should never have been advertised 9 months ago . Amazon still says I should receive my copy some time in January . I hope that does n't mean 2003 .
 My husband is an avid golfer was very excited about being able to `` design-in '' our brand new Municipal golf course `` The Meadow At Peabody '' so he could play golf at home And the old fashioned way . Well , the game did n't arrive for Christmas and then it did n't arrive for our March anniversary , and then it did n't arrive for the opening of the full 18 hole opening of the Meadow in May.It really should be a pretty fine game ... because we 've now waited through Fathers ' Day , and his birthday is coming up and then it looks like Christmas again .
 I too looked forward to this release , having gotten sick of the same 3 courses on Links LS . Great variety of courses here , great graphics , but if there were a ranger on the course , this game would be warned for slow play . It simply takes forever -LRB- I guess with Sergio Garcia in the package , that should be no surprise -RRB- . I do n't mind flip-flopping the CDs all the time , but I 've played REAL rounds of golf in less time . My system is n't the fastest but I did n't expect anything like this.Also , sometimes the golfer will hit shots to places no where near the spot to which they were aimed . I 've aimed the marker straight into the hole on a 3 foot putt and the stupid guy hits it almost directly to the right.And those comments ! Awful ! My golfing buddies would laugh me off the course if I said most of those moronic lines . `` I am the spanker '' ! I think I know what THAT guy is spanking , and it ai n't a golf ball.A fun game but too slow -- not worth the money . And if anyone has figured out that course designer -LRB- someone without a degree in computer design/graphics , that is -RRB- , I 'd like to know about it !
 I thought the slots would be a little more like the ones I was used to playing at the casino 's . The viewing on the screen is too large .
 Now I understand why it 's in a jewel case for only 10 bux.I very much enjoy REEL -LRB- mechanical -RRB- slots , I hardly play actual video slots in the casinos . However , the reel machines depicted in Best of Slots II share the same boring graphic and especially sound format machine-to-machine . The reels change , and the upper plate -LRB- pay -RRB- glass artwork changes . That 's about it.The game play feel does not change , with the exception of only a few machines . Furthermore , the CD must be kept in the drive!I just installed `` Reel Deal Slots GHOST TOWN '' and have found it to be far superior in every aspect for stand alone play .
 It is old slot machines very antiquated and boring . Nothing like any of the current models . I fell asleep playing ! They should remove from the market . Wish I had n't bought it .
 This game sucks . How many of those springs are there they totally messed this one up for sure . This game is not good at all . The sonic games 1,2,3 , and knuckels are far better than this . It 's really dissapointing and I 'm glad the game costs next to nothing . All the levels are nearly the same except that they look different with different backgrounds . Other than that it 's just land on a stupid spring and get thrown up in the air a thousand times . The best things that make a sonic game fun is his speed but there are springs on every corner and it 's hard to build up momentum and enjoy the game without running into one of those . Also robotnick is the greatest wuss ever how is it so easy to beat the tire out of him ? He even sucks one hit he 's gone where 's the challenge ? And I thought he was a sis in the other games . I must say I did n't give much for this game and it will go to my collection because even though sega is good at screwing things up I enjoyed the system and the 16 bit games . The game is a major let down and better care should have been taken at creating it . It 's terrible as can be .
 Behold the `` awesome '' power of the Sega CD!Sonic CD is regarded as the best game for Sega 's disastrous early 90s system . Personally , I think the best Mega CD game was ... um ... there were none . The console was an enormous flop which hurt Sega badly . But if Sonic CD is supposed to represent the system at the apex of it 's powers then just how bad were the truly bad games?I 'll answer that question in another review if I ever get to play them . But for the moment I 'll focus on the abyss of disappointment that is Sonic CD.Development began in 1992 before the release of Sonic 2 , thus the general appearance and level design is very close to that of the original Sonic , which dates the game badly for those of you who are more used to the polished , slicker , quicker feel of the sequels . Sometimes you 'll go slow you 'll begin to wonder why it was n't called Chronic CD.The levels themselves -LRB- useless time-travel feature aside -RRB- and boring and unengaging , You just breeze through them with little effort and no admiration . There 's nothing that stands out and nothing truly define each level with it 's own personality or style . The boss battles are also so easy a blind gamer could do it no sweat . And do n't even get me started on those awful , awful Special Stages.Why this is regarded as being the Mega CD 's `` must have '' is beyond my understanding and I 'm a man of noble intelligence . For a system that charged the consumer 350 -LRB- $ 470 -RRB- you 'd expect to have your mind blown by the content , but Sonic CD rates even lower that Sonic 1 . Still , at least the music is pleasant.Graphics DSound BGameplay DLasting Appeal F
 Restricted Area is a Diablo clone set in a blade runner world which it does n't pull off well . It 's fluid as concrete , balanced as a drunk , and the story and characters are so cliche it makes Saturday Morning Cartoons look like Shakespeare.The gameplay is standard Diablo fare but unlike Blizzard it is n't done well . Leveling is n't balanced , often times the PC is fighting things that are way tougher than the player . To finish this game I had to use cheats . The box says that are many ways to develop your character but basically it adds to the repetitive tiering nature of this game.There are four PC characters that you can choose . Three of them are basically stereotypes . It makes me wonder what the game director was thinking . One of them is basically a big white guy with black glasses , all black clothing and a big gun , and another is an Asian male with a big sword and no shirt.The story is bland and mostly told through CGI work . And it 's basically the same no matter what character the player chooses.Another deterrent to playing this game is that it requires Starforce to be installed on your computer . If I were the developer I would n't have bothered . It 's that bad.Pass on this one .
 After installing this game I attempted to play it and was stopped by a program called star force and asked for a cd key . The developers never released a cd key with this game so i am unable to even play it . I looked around the internet for a way to get by this and play my game but I could not find a solution that works . The most talked about method was uninstalling and removing the star force files from the registry buy I was unable to do that . All of the other reviewers managed to be able to get this game going so if they want to explain to me how to do it i would appreciate it very much .
 Ever since the fall of Interplay and the need for companies to make more money by pushing MMOGs -LRB- Massive multiplayer online Games like EverCrack and WoW - which are basically hack and slash without much story development -RRB- Long gone are the days it seems of the great games like Baulder 's Gate , The Fallout Series and the last great RPG with an intriging story line that you can actually controll ... Arcanum . The developement of true in-depth addictive and immersive RPGs are pretty much fizzeled out . This game without a doubt is no exception to the rule . If you are a lack-luster individual that finds the repetion of hack-and-slash reminisent of the early days of maze-style games that forced a linear path of play which were fine for the time 16 years ago , then I suppose this would be ok . Obviously a complete copy of Diablo only in -LRB- near ? -RRB- futuristic times - there is no way of completing task alternately , you face the same monsters only with stronger abilities each mind numbing level after level of the same ineviable end . I do n't know what else to say - this is n't an RPG ... and I hav n't seen one for quite a while . It 's like most games today that are looking for a quick buck without much developement spent on those that are looking for the true control over your destination game that do n't limit the exploritive nature and who thrive on the anticipation of new things or story developement . Nope , this game you know you go down to the next predetermined maze with a bunch of creatures that look and do the same limited things and kill as much as possible only to do the same for the next predetermined maze . I got bored quickly , and around character level 17 I abandoned the game and actually took interest -LRB- which is hard for me and I never have done before -RRB- in my programing classes ... maybe some day I 'll be able help create a `` true '' RPG again .
 To begin with : I have read all of william gibsons cyberpunk masterpieces . I am a long - time player and devotee to shadowrun and general science fiction . So you see , I really * wanted * to like this game.BUTIn my decades long computer gaming history this is the first ! game I have given back to the store.There is no multiplayer ! And there will not be any . EVER . The developers had posted this sad little news at the german forum before closing it down -LRB- officially it went down for maintainance , but has been down for months now -RRB- . There is a hidden backup forum , but its difficult to find and no links do exist on the official pages . Seems the developers could not stand their customer 's `` praise '' . Game is still buggy with 1.09 patch . The bug thread in the german forum alone -LRB- all the old posts were deleted -RRB- is 7 pages long . I believe before the forum reset it must has been more like 17 pages.There is a 2 player LAN ! , direct IP connection mode -LRB- no official internet servers -RRB- with bugs galore , no possibility to even exchange items between characters , synchro problems etc.The publisher & developers have `` forgotten '' to update their feature list on their english page and the box ... Also I really wonder how all the magazine reviews , that give the game such a high rating , seem to omit this . Makes me wonder.Graphics are poor , they do NOT compare to Diablo 2 ! Not even in the remotest sense . Animation is horribly awkward and characters only have 1-3 ! animated sprites -LRB- one with shotgun , one with pistol , one with MP -RRB- so virtually none of your items actually show on your character . There are maybe 10 or 15 different sprites for enemies + 3-5 bosses.Missions are poorly designed , with interior of buildings all looking the same.Do NOT buy this game . Honestly , it 's much better to read neuromancer for the 3rd . time or play Diablo II for the 3000th . ;--RRB- than bear this insult of a game .
 I had wanted this for a long time , based on the good quality of this company 's other game , `` Silent Steel , '' and a plot that appeared compelling at first glance . The video quality , the internal consistency of the plot , and the acting are all very bad . Internet research indicates that many others also had a bad opinion of this game .
 I really do not understand the praise this episode of Xenosaga receives . I adore this series , the characters and the story , but when I finished this one , it really broke my heart to see how it all ended.I 'll start by saying this
 i did n't get into this game like others . It seems way outdated and not up to todays standards in any department . I would rather have bought something else
 This game has nothing to do with the Monster Rancher series except for the characters that ride the pogo sticks . Very similar to a very old game on Commodore 64 called Bounder , it 's a very non-replayable , unenjoyable game ...
 all you do is play dumb games . its so stupid
 they never described the plug part of the keyboard ... i was so exceited to get it sonce my current keyboard no longer had any visible letters ... well - the one I needed had to have a USB and this did not . very unhappy - sent it back - went to Best Buy and for $ 15 bucks got a logitech keyboard - which I love , ...
 This game did not happen ! It would not function properly on a Laptop running XP Home . I thought an old game should work on a new computer , but it did n't happen . I took out my frustration by getting `` Legend '' for the PS2 .
 Although this controller was advertised as having a `` tight joystick '' , I should have been more skeptical about the button quality . Something was spilled on this controller , making the buttons sticky . I opened the controller to clean it out and found that there was a brown dried liquid -LRB- probably coke -RRB- on the inside . I was not happy with the quality here . Bad purchase .
 The lowest price for a controller I have found on here that has a decent working joystick is about 20 dollars including shipping . The price I paid for my n64 controller was 9 dollars at my local used game shop and the controller was in the best condition . Just a word of caution to everyone , do some research and search at local vintage or used game shops before buying these n64 controllers online . I find them a bit over priced online .
 The Nintendo 64 is one of the most popular retro systems around . Sadly , it 's equipment is such poor quality.The Nintendo 64 controller is a fairly good product , when new , but after it has had a few moths of usage , it loses it 's quality . The buttons become so unresponsive , and stick in their sockets . The analog stick becomes extremely unusable , it becomes extremely loose and the only way you can get it to work is by pushing it all the way in the direction you want to go . The directional pad is hard to push down . This is truly the most flawed controller Nintendo has ever made.So if you 're dying to play some Nintendo 64 games , I recommend you download the ones available from the Nintendo Wii 's Virtual Console , a download service that sells games from Nintendo 's past consoles , they also sell Sega , Neogeo , and many other retro games . But for the games you ca n't download , I recommend you download an emulator . Than buy a Game Controller for computer , I recommend the Logitech Rumble Pad 2 , you can find many great deals on eBay.Thanks for reading , I hope this helps .
 I BOUGHT 1 OF THESE FROM SOME1 CALLING THEMSELVES `` BUY IT NOW GAMES '' AND I GOT A KNOCKOFF IMITATION OF THE ORIGINAL N64 CONTROLLER , PLUGGED IT INTO MY USB ADAPTER TO PLAY ROMS AND THE THING WAS GOING HAYWIRE , THE USB ADAPTER STATES THAT IT MUST BE AND ORIGINAL N64 ONE AND NOT A FAKE ONE MADE IN SOME CHINESE SWEATSHOP . WASTE OF YOUR TIME AND $ $ . BEWARE.some people here trying to screw you over .
 the controller couldnt be recognized by my nintendo 64 . The seller is not very easy to communicate with about getting any sort of compensation .
 Buttons work fine , but the joystick is poorly calibrated . Sometimes it 'll move on it 's own or in different directions altogether .
 I bought this to play Smash Brothers with my buddy online and I was unable to configure the joystick properly . I purchased an adapter for my NINTENDO brand game cube controller and everything worked fine . Given that everything worked with the gc controller , I ruled out user error and ruled in the conclusion that this pathetic excuse for a N64 controller is a poorly constructed doorstop at best . Do yourself a favor and try to scrounge up a working Nintendo brand controller and save yourself the disappointment . BOO THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 It was pictured as a first-party Nintendo controller and arrived as a third-party Cirka . Gave it one star because it works
 THis game has great graphics , as compared to other bowling games . But the game play goes at a snail 's pace . It 's best to look elsewhere for a bowling game .
 I bought two of these controllers at the same time . I only opened one of them at first , and it broke within a month . When I opened the second one , it broke within three days . Both of them broke in the exact same place
 I bought two of these and within one day the buttons were squeaking.The X button actually has already lost its `` spring '' , so it just kinda sits there without bouncing back up.I am not much of a gamer , just something i do with my kids , but I think I have learned to go ahead and spend the bucks on the good stuff.However , they do look cool , just wished they performed well
 I bought a sister model to this controller and it broke shortly after I opened the package . Dream Gear was totally non-responsive to my inquiries for help.I have learned that as much as I hate to pay extra , the Sony models last forever and stand up to the beating kids are likely to give a Playstation controller .
 Got a set of these for my son for Christmas ... he is very careful with his electronics . BOTH of them -LRB- they came in a pack of two -RRB- broke the FIRST DAY we had them ! Buyer Beware !
 I received the item quickly . Exactly what I wanted except I have to return it because where the batteries go they have 2 negatives instead of 1 negative and 1 positive . This is not the sellers fault -LSB- i do n't think -RSB- more the manufactures fault .
 Yes , the Sims can be pretty addictive . You 're trapped in suburbia , with all the daily concerns that go with that
 Once you have killed them all the fun dies too .
 after watching my sim read a book and learn something , I realized I 'd rather read a book and learn something.game is repetitive and needs some sort of an end . I like building the houses . I cheat a lot . rosebud ; ! ; ! : -RRB- the game I bought off a seller on here as new had a used serial number so I could n't register on the website . not giving the two star rating because of that though , just a warning to potential buyers .
 Wow I was expecting to love this . Unfortunatly that did n't last long . The problem is that there is n't enough time in the Sim 's dayto do everything they need too . To keep my Sims going to work and paying the bills they got behind on socializing and got sodepressed that they would n't answer the door when a visitor came over.The real problem is that if left alone they would never do anything that they needed to -LRB- like work -RRB- , so you ca n't leave the gamegoing overnight unattended - like other Maxis games .
 it looks great & the lights are a nice feature , but the knobs on the controller have a defect . we bought 2 for christmas & one has already broken . why pay less & have something for a month or so when you can buy the xbox brand and it will last forever . .
 The controler looks very cool with the glow feature but the joy stick broke like on the 2nd day of use . Not very durable .
 Bought two of these controllers for my sons for Christmas . One of them did n't work at all -LRB- DOA -RRB- . The other one worked , but the left joystick broke on the first use . My boys have been tough on the controller cables in the past , but have not yet ever broke any of the pads/joysticks/buttons on our hardwired controllers . This one breaking on the first try indicated to me that these controllers are not built well enough to handle normal wear and tear .
 Got this for Christmas . Broke the 2nd day I got it . The right analog stick broke off and the B Button smashed in and I barley used it . DO NOT BUY THIS HORRIBLE PRODUCT !
 I plugged the receiver into my game controller and followed the directions to get the controller to communicate with the receiver . The receiver light kept blinking which means that it did n't recognize the controller . After several tries I decided that the product is defective and returned it .
 Got 3 of these to go with a new Xbox . Because of the reviews on this site , I was wary , and only opened one to test it . Seemed to be working fine , until I realized the left analog stick would not go `` forward ; '' my character was stuck moving only left , right , and backwards . Definitely returning these , and looking for something worthwhile .
 I had the same problems with getting the controller to work . I did n't keep the packaging , so I could n't return it . BIG BUMMER !!!
 I bought 4 of these for my family . Within the first two days the first one broke . One of the joysticks broke during calm , regular play . Within 3 weeks , another one of the controllers just stopped working , have n't been able to figure out why . Overall , these are just poor quality . They do look cool all lit up though .
 literally it lasted me 2 days , it is the most expensive piece of junk I have ever bought . Dont waste your money on this . Seriously .
 my son received this as a christams gift and despite several battery changes it did not work ... . needless to say he was v-e-r-y disappointed . directions for returning to amazon stated that only unopened items could be returned . not sure how you can find out that something does not work until it is opened.will not purchase anything electronic from amazon again . i will purchase at a local store even if it is more expensive .
 I purchased a pack of 2 of these in December . My husband and son only play Xbox occasionally , but one of them broke the second time they played . I ordered another and within a short time , a second one had broken in the same place . The left toggle breaks off and does n't work . This product is very disappointing .
 I bought 3 now in the past 5 months and you know what , they same thing happens everytime . The knobs have some sort of defect and they are impossible to fix . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM , SPEND A LITTLE MORE AND GET A GOOD ONE THAT WILL LAST , I WISH I WAS SMART ENOUGH AFTER THE FIRST 2 BROKE!I just thought they kids were being rough .
 This contoller broke the second day my son had it . DO NOT BUY . What a waste of money . The stick that moves just snapped . We were playing a racing game so not that much stree on it .
 If you are a fan of Avalon Hill 's Squad Leader DO N'T buy this game . It has nothing at all in common with the board game . I bought this game and even before the end of the tutorial , uninstalled it and threw it in the bin . Thanks for nothing Hasbro/Microprose .
 This review is long overdue on my part . If you bought this horrible game before you read this , to you I apologize.As for the makers of this horrible game , you should go to jail for making this game as terrible as you did . Once again , the computer gaming world steals the title of a great board game in the name of profit . Thanks , you just ruined my favorite board game from being my favorite computer game ! `` Squad Leader '' was and still is the absolute best BOARD game of Infantry Combat of all time . I am in the US Army Infantry so I THINK I know a thing or two about being an Infantryman.I will not go into all the details of why the `` computer game '' sucks . I know this game is targeted toward fans of the `` board game '' , to YOU I say this ; this game has nothing to do with the `` board game '' except in title only . Not only that , `` it 's stupid '' ! It was so stupid ; I was too embarrassed to give this game away . I threw it away after breaking the disk in two . I would NOT want anyone to play this thinking this is Squad Leader.One small example of what prompted me to throw this away
 I bought this game a couple of days ago . I thought it was going to be really fun , but to my mistake it 's really complicated and the computer AI takes forever to make it 's moves . I 'm glad I bought this game from a store where they give you 10 day to play the game and figure out if you wan na keep it . I definatley am goin to return this . I really enjoy playing WW II strategic games , but this game really blows . The graphics are good and the sound is really cool ... but do n't let that fool you .
 Squad leader was the bomb as I was growing up . Believe me , I was elated at the prospect . Unfortunately , the dang thing crashes constantly . It did so on my last system and my new one . It 's fairly slow to respond to commands , etc. . If it were n't for these technical difficulites , it would be a masterpiece . When it works it 's a blast but I 've simply given up on playing it at this point and am looking for something new to satisfy my SL crave . Atari -LRB- and I know what your name means in Japanese -RRB- I have the utmost respect for you , but please try this again . If you make an SL II , as the old but functioning , you will have my money .
 For all you reviewers who thought the Germans were screaming `` mommy '' whenshot
 We bought this game for our two boys to play ; ages 5 and 11 . They did n't like it from the moment they started playing it . So my husband and I decided to give it a try . It took both of us numerous tries to get through the various stages and then defeat the `` bosses '' in the extra stages . So many times that the game became frustrating ; and not in a good Smash Bros kinda of way . What 's so frustrating ? After the initial 3 men , you only get 1 man at a time unless you earn a certain amount of points . So for most of the game you could be one and done ! The concept and characters are fun to play and are visually stimulating , but logistically it 's a nightmare . Save your money and go for something a little more player friendly !
 Odama had the potential to be a brilliant and amazing game . It has a LOT going for it . The Japanese war theme is thoroughly genuine and really `` puts '' you in the game . The voice commands are sharp and reactive , and your personal narrator is witty . The sense of destruction is entirely satisfying , and crushing buildings and enemies with the Odama is quite realistic -LRB- relative to the premise of course -RRB- . But here is where Odama takes a SERIOUS blow and fails in a big way . The levels are TIMED - quite short , with almost no opportunity to add time to the clock . Where ANY level could be passed with enough effort , the time limit inhibits corrections of mistakes , and in general inhibits casual playing . Once you make a mistake in this game , there is no going back . You just start over.Also , because this IS a pinball game , there is a great deal of luck involved . You may struggle through and fail a mission over and over , even though you are doing the right things , all because of the luck of the ball . Or on the same hand , you may win a mission in record time . The flippers do not hit the ball where physics says it should.As a final note
 I 'm glad this only cost me ten bucks -LRB- with shipping -RRB- , or I 'd be really pissed . The tiles move and rotate as you move the mouse - very dizzying . The first section where you are supposed to be able to load which layout you want does n't show up at all . Yes , I have plenty of memory and am running XP - which this was supposed to be compatable with.This was the first time I have ordered a game or program from Amazon and it will be the last . I 'll stick to just ordering music and books.I had missed playing Mah Jong and was really looking forward to having it again.NEGATIVE 10 stars for fun and NEGATIVE 10 as an overall rating .
 Did not like the tile sets . Backgrounds were okay . Layouts did not download . Would not recommend this game .
 The product -LRB- mahjongg/shanghai -RRB- arrived quickly and in good shape . However , the game kept crashing my laptop , so I uninstalled it . Since it was just a $ 4.99 loss , I can take it . The game SHOULD BE five stars of fun . However , the tiles moved continuously , which was irritating .
 I really like the block game in Mario Party DS but there is no way to save your `` work '' . I thought that this game would be similar but it 's not that easy to understand and the constant flashing gave me a headache .
 I have been trying to round out my DS collection with the best games out there . I just purchased the original meteos after reading glowing reviews on every review site imaginable . Everything I read gushed at how addictive and fun Meteos is . I am a huge fan of puzzle games so I decided to get it . After a few days of play , I came out very dissappointed . The point to Meteos is to drag pieces to connect groups of three . You may only drag vertically but can form groups either horizontally or vertically . Half the time you are dragging , you ignite Meteos you werent aware you were trying to connect.So I tried an experiment . Frustrated , I quickly ran the stylus up and down without even looking at what I was doing . I immediately began making matches and clearing my screen.This game is overrated by far , and the pieces fall so fast , keeping up is easy at first but impossible to be concious of creating groups of three , they just happen by accident ... I 'm going to get Tetris DS instead
 I was thinking , from reading the instruction booklet first , that this game might be like `` Dr Mario '' -LRB- a game my family LOVES -RRB- . Well ... let 's just say that I beat the whole thing by moving my stylus up and down the touch screen madly . And I did it in an hour . My son said , `` this is the dumbest game I have ever played ! `` Maybe I 'm too stupid to get the strategy of it all . Or too impatient . I do n't know . Do n't waste your money ... rent it first if you really want to try it .
 game always go back to the beginning . can not pick-up where you left-off in previous play . can not go to new level .
 Let 's speak bluntly
 The graphics are fair for a game of this type but the game play is horrible . This schould be a beta , not the final release . some controls are not documented . You can not control the rate of time .
 Not easy to enter numbers , frequently numbers get erased . The program runs very slow , even on my XP machine . Too many bells and whistles , I was looking for a simple game to enter numbers , this is too complicated for a ` regular ' person .
 Very disappointed ! This is the most expensive of 3 wireless controllers I purchased at the same time , and it 's the only one to quit working 3 weeks after purchase . It just died . I can not recommend this wireless controller at all .
 I purchased three copies of this game for two friends and myself to play online but we all get the same failure to find the network . I ca n't find any support to solve this problem and would like to know what we have to do to use this game online . If this is not available then they should not be selling this game ! The single player is great the game itself is great but with no multiplayer it is a big loss .
 I hear non-stop praising of the graphics capabilities of the ps3 , so I finally buy one for the single purpose of driving simulators , as I did with the ps2 . since gt5 is yet to be released , I forked out 60 $ for f1 ce as I am a huge f1 fan . graphics are amazing , the sound is accurate , the tracks are accurate , but as a simulator , this is the worst game I have ever played . there is at least a .3 second lag between control input -LRB- with a logitech dfp wheel and the sixaxis -RRB- . this makes the cars close to impossible to drive as I am used to both the feel of a real car and the instant response of gran turismo . despite the graphics and getting to drive tracks like monza and suzuka , I find this game miserable to drive , and I end up playing the free gran turismo hd demo instead after getting bored struggling to keep the car on-line . if you want an arcade game , go ahead an buy this , but if you are looking for a realistic simulator , your only choice seems to be gran turismo .
 I suspect that this item is mislabeled . There is no need for a ` PS3 ' memory card whatsoever . The original PS3 models did have the ability to read memory sticks and other formats but this is no longer the case . Anyways , the idea behind the PS3 being able to read memory sticks was for someone to take it from a camera or some other device and ` stick ' it into the PS3 to transfer photos or whatever other content . There is n't and there was never such a thing as a PS3 MEMORY CARD.And , since this is a memory card , for about the same amount that this item sells for , you can get a SanDisk stick that 's FOUR TIMES as large : SanDisk 8GB Memory Stick Pro Duo .
 Just as they lable `` PSP Specil memory sticks '' there is no difference just buy a Sandisk or other trusted brand 4 gig 35 $ digital camera memory stick pro duo and format it from system settings . THIS IS FOR THE WEAK MINDED THAT ARE TO STUPID TO KNOW THAT ALL MEMORY STICK PRO DUO WORK WITH THE PS3/PSP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Jeopardy II is easy enough to play , unfortunately it is a `` bare bones '' game . When you question an answer correctly you are told so ; but when you are incorrect you are not told what the correct question is . this is a major shortcomming . Especially if one likes to play Jeopardy asn both a fun game and a learning experience .
 I was expecting more from this game . It was not very fun and was really just a novelty item . The graphics appear to be from the 1980s and the method of responding is old too . It is not compatible with newer Macs and I found that it crashed my PC several times . I do n't even remember where I 've placed this game nor do I care . I would not buy this again .
 This product was a waste of money and time . It messed up my computer . I am sure it was only this copy . I love the game but this copy was garbage . I will never buy from this person again .
 I 've played some games that were pretty bad due to glitches and programming errors , but this game has no major glitches or programming errors -LRB- though a few minor ones -RRB- and is playable but just plain sucks . Please note that this review concerns the single player gameplay , as i have not had a chance nor the desire to try out the multiplayer.Cons
 Per my game expert grandson this is not a memory card for a PS3 . It 's more like a download card from one device to another . It probably works well for what it is but it is not described well in this add . It does not work as a memory card for a PS3 .
 I suspect that this item is mislabeled . There is no need for a ` PS3 ' memory card whatsoever . The original PS3 models did have the ability to read memory sticks and other formats but this is no longer the case . Anyways , the idea behind the PS3 being able to read memory sticks was for someone to take it from a camera or some other device and ` stick ' it into the PS3 to transfer photos or whatever other content . There is n't and there was never such a thing as a PS3 MEMORY CARD.And , since this is a memory card , for about the same amount that this item sells for , you can get a SanDisk stick that 's EIGHT TIMES as large : SanDisk 8GB Memory Stick Pro Duo .
 Too bad . Rome Total War has as much potential as any game but has fallen short because of the developers reluctance to support it . Although graphics are amazing , gameplay is a let down because of very poor ai and several bugs that have not been addressed . Wait for the expansion before you buy ...
 This game is very buggy . Even with the so called 1.1 patch and the newest 1.2 patch there are still two many bugs to list . The game can be fun at times but the amount of bugs ruins the entire experiance . I have stopped playing this game months ago and I would n't recomend this game to anyone , until there another patch release .
 I finally bought a GOOD home PC , and the first thing I did was run out to buy Rome
 At first glance , the game seems to be excellent and enjoyable . However , after the rush provided by your first campaign , the bugs become extremely evident . Your horse archers dont shoot while moving like they are supposed to , pathfinding is terrible , I could go on forever . However , the worst bug is the loadgame AI bug . It means the AI breaks away any sieges on whenver you hit end turn after laoding a game . That 's right . It lifts ALL of its seiges , meaning if you play one turn every session , none of the AI factions will ever take a province . Period . CA has simply denied the bug , claiming it a `` reassesment feature . '' This `` reassesment feature '' makes all the AI factions even easier to steamroll than they already were , even on Very hard difficulty .
 Let me start by saying that this is a good game . Why the 1 star then?As you may have seen from some of the recent reviews here , the AI does not retain its long term plans when you load a game . It 's difficult to be precise because , although anyone with the game can show that something wierd is happening , Creative Assembly refuse to acknowledge it . Suffice to say that the strategic AI is weaker than it should be because of this.As far as I know at this time , CA do not intend to fix this for the add-on . So , how does this affect you ? If you can only afford to play a couple of turns at a time -LRB- and the turns get pretty lengthy later on -RRB- , then this will be of concern to you . Even if you can play long sessions , it 's possible that it will affect you.So , there you have it . Frankly , if you were interested in RTW already and can play more than a couple of turns a session , then this bug is not hugely important to you . It is to some though , as is the way that CA have handled it .
 I had purchased all of the previous games in the Total War series and had high expectations for RTW . While the game is certainly visually stunning , it contains numerous bugs that the developers and others refuse to acknowledge . There is the save game bug mentioned in other several reviews , and there are also several bugs in the battle mode of the game . One of these frustrating bugs occurs when you select multiple units and direct them to attack a certain unit . Often , the selected units will attack the closet nearby enemy unit rather than the one they were directed to attack . Another bug in the battle part of the game is that when you direct a group of selected units to break out of their special formation , not all of them will . There are also bugs in the muli-player part of the game . The game state will often diverge on different player 's machines , and they will fight in completely different battles . After having `` murdered '' an opponent in a MP game , they will often boast that you were the one who lost . And your replay of that MP game will sometimes show the opponent 's version of the battle , the one that in which they won . These issues with the game are the reason I feel compelled to give it such a low score . Visuals do not make a game in my view , game play is what does . And RTW fails to live up to the standards of expectional RTS gameplay set by the previous games in the series . This game has a lot of potential , but I 'm afraid that it may never be realised . Rome was n't built in a day , and RTW is analagous to the eternal city after the first day of its existence . It 's not yet finished .
 First time I played RTW I thought that was the best game I had ever played , the graphics are stunning , the game play amazing and the strategy and tactical aspect very fun ... So why the 1 star?Well as you progress through the game you come to realize that the AI is severely flawed , this combined with severe bugs make the game impossible to lose against.There is an infamous bug with loading games which make the AI reevaluate incorrectly their situation and lift all sieges . If you play long enough and do n't reload you will still find the AI is hopeless at sieging your cities , as soon as you 've built walls the AI wo n't be able to capture your city even with siege engines ... Hopefully the creators of the game will some day decide to fix those problems but apparently they have a 2 patch policy only and those patches have already been released without solving those problems ...
 This game has some tremendous graphics , and the potential to be the greatest game of its genre ever produced . The trouble is , all that is negated by a show stopper bug.The bug has to do with the save and reload of the game . Whenever you save and reload the game , the AI forgets what it was doing and lifts sieges it was conducting , and often sends its armies into a kind of purgatory where they just stand around doing nothing . If you save and reload the game on every turn in fact , the AI will never expand its territories because of this bug.Another aspect of the bug is that you can subdue every faction by making them your Protectorate after reloading the game . If you reload the game and ask any faction to be your Protectorate that turn , they will automatically agree , even if they have 30 provinces , and you had 1 . If you can play long sessions without saving and reloading , this game is playable , but if you do not have the luxury of being able to keep the game going for at least 10 turns per session , you probably wo n't like it very much.It 's too bad there wo n't be any further patches for it beyond 1.2 . I ca n't recommend this knowing these kind of bugs are present and wo n't be corrected any time soon .
 Im here to express my feelings and thoughts . I respect everyone who gives their opinion about Rome Total War . -LSB- ... -RSB- You see , Im all about good games and Rome isnt one . Sure I liked the graphics when I first saw them . But the graphics arent everything , there will be much better games than RTW , regarding graphics.I can understand how one can be turned into a complete RTW fanboyish by just looking at the game for the firts time . Its completebly understandable , most of players are eyecanded , they simply dont care about anything else . I , on the other hand , like a balanced game , one that gives me the sense that Im playing a decent opponent . RTW is not one of those , the AI is completely idiot and it has some bugs that can destroy the Strategy-Game-Player experience . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Update
 There are literally hundreds of errors in this game . Many of the true fans such as me have fixed many , many of them and yet others we ca n't unless we break the law -LRB- Which I will do soon if it comes to it just to prove the excuse about the `` cost '' being too much is also a lie -RRB- . Additionally the official website support is a world class failure of the first order . -LSB- ... -RSB- The title was unfinished when it was put on the shelves in time for the Xmas rush last year - plain and simple . -LSB- ... -RSB- A short list of community verified issues and bugs : A. BATTLEMAP -LRB- 1 -RRB- Tactical AI : * Suicidal generals
 After reading the first 10 or 15 reviews on this site I 'd thought I 'd give this game a go . I really enjoy strategy games , and I thought this one might have quite a bit of depth , and would have a good longevity . The dull gameplay does not do the graphics justice , I expect to be able to switch on a game and enjoy playing it agian and again - this is not one of those games . I had my first -LRB- and last -RRB- look at it in early December - never again . C&C and Civilization have no rivals .
 The games graphics are stunning , the music is ok , the historical accuracy may be around 5 to 10 % , the AI is one of the worse I 've seen . Bugs are every where its Horse Archers , melee Cavalry who turn around once they get close to routing units , units that form the Phalanx change to the swords when you order to attack , the famous seige bug , etc. -LSB- ... -RSB- '' ... this game is fantastic and realistic ... `` Fantastic for graphics nothing else . Realistic no Egypt looks like they are back in the Old Kingdom , Pikemen lose to a Armored Hoplite , Cataphracts lose to some Roman Cavalry , I can keep going on but I wont . `` This tends to become a bit addictive -LRB- `` what is next , and next , and next ... '' -RRB- `` I never find my self saying whats next because I know whats next the AI loses all the time because of its poor decisions I can only lose battles by auto resolve or playing MP . '' ... cunning and good strategy are necessary . `` Oh my god unless your a kid who isnt even in his teens then you must be a bad player to think you need to be cunning and use strategy for this AI . Theirs no need for strategy because the AI just throws everything it gots down at you so then you can easily flank them or hit their rear . `` But RTW is the closest to what perfection is in PC games in the year 2005 . `` The perfect what , rip off , worse game , worse customer service , the perfect lie.RTW does n't come close to being perfect . The loads of bugs , bad AI reactions in the campaign map , bad AI decisions on the battle field , not even as realistic as they make it seem , etc. . Your vision of perfection is just another eye candy game .
 When my friend told me about RTW coming out , i was really `` hyped '' up about it . The trailors which they showed on tv made the game look really cool and um ... cool . Anyways , when the game actually came out i totally forgot about it but my friend did not . So he ended up buying the game . He told me about how cool it was and blah blah so i had the privilage , ney the honor to watch him play once ^_^ And i got ta tell you ... i was far from impressed . While the graphics are like none other Srategy games before , it lacks in pretty much everything else . The whole game is based on one rip off main map , where you control miniature models of your would-be-army . So the whole point of the game is to conquer europe , and thats pretty much the story . The thing that makes this game just so bad is the actually fighting . Sure , where it lacks in gameplay it makes up in graphics ... but then again whats graphics with no game ? Your mentaly corrupt soldiers need guidence throughout each 10min + battle , which can obviously get really boring.Although everyone sais that the battles are really in dire need of great tactical skills and what not , but infact it needs nothing of it . The AI to your enemies are just so terrible that even if your outnumbered by hundreds of men , you will still be able to crush the enemy . It may sounds like only tactics can save you in such a situation , but its not that hard considering the fact that the enemy pretty much works like moving targets . For ex , if you have lots of long ranged soldiers set up , the enemy , instead of waiting for you to attack , or at least run to the battle , slowly take their time to march towards the attackers . So when they finally reach their destination , the 100man army which they once were has been reduced to 10-20 men . So tactics ? I think not . Moving your army around on the battle field is also a bor feast , as men move slowly and always in a perfect order . Every battle goes out on the same thing , out smart your opponent and victory is yours , making every battle insanely repetative . Also , if you zoom in on a melee battle , you will see just how stupid the men are in battle ... Sure the game has added some special feats in for ex the big main map , but all in all the best part of the game should be the fighting ... right ?
 The computer player 's AI is reset after every save . After a save , the computer player lifts sieges , does nothing with its armies , does n't build anything , and its diplomacy is shot.If you are buying this game and intend to play against the computer , buy a different game .
 This game was great fun at first , but I soon had to realize how the -LSB- ... -RSB- AI -LRB- this is due to a `` reload bug '' -RRB- made it way too easy to beat a whole campain on `` very hard '' without loosing a single battle . If you have an iq over 60 you 'll be bored as the AI wont be able to work out a plan against you , thus just moving around sensless and confused . Luckily this is not the only bug , as there are many more . CA could have done a little work fixing the bugs , but they seem to not care at all about their customers . Actually they 're at the point of denying the bugs now . Poor work . Game had great potential , but couldnt live up to it . Do n't buy it .
 When I think of Rome Total War I think of many things like incomplete , unbalanced , full of bugs , and wasnt worth my 50 dollars . CA managed to deliver a slap in the face to every veteran fan of the Total War series and a slap to every other fresh new fan . Kids please save up your money for game developers who actually communicate with their fans and that actually clean up the mess they left . CA refuses to acknowledge the mess they left even though their two patches clean up some of it it also created more bugs to clean up .
 This title was obviously rushed out the door . It has amazing graphics and a very solid , enjoyable concept , but these pros pale in comparison to the many glaring , game stopping bugs . The developers have release two patches to remedy some of these issues , however , it seems they only did this out of contractual obligation with their developer as their efforts were greatly lacking . Again , what had the makings of an excellent game is nothing more than a high priced paper weight riddled with errors.Save your money .
 I 've played the TW series since they first came onto the strategy gaming scene . I 'd highly recommend STW or MTW to anyone who 's interested . RTW shows great potential but the game isnt ready for sale . There are numerous bugs and faults that make this game virtually unplayable unless you can leave the game running in the background . Other less serious problems require player developed modifications to fix . The developers have refused to address the serious problems with the game . Check with the independent fansites and dont buy it until it is fixed .
 This game could have been one of the greats , a must buy for anyone remotely interested in strategy , war or empire building games , really even if you are only interested in strategy this game will blow you away . BUT ! That is n't the case , the game has MAJOR GAME RUINING BUGS that have not been fixed in any of the patches . In fact unless you are willing to play the game in 12 hour stints without loading your game , the AI factions will NEVER take territories . Enough said . There are many more bugs but that alone is worth ignoring this game for the time being .
 This game had the potential to be one of the best strategy games of all time . Unfortunately the gameplay is ruined by several glaring and massive bugs that disrupt the single player game and ruin the multiplayer . Perhaps another patch would fix it but at this point it seems unlikely that the game will recieve any more help .
 Rome
 Unless you can play this game for 6 hours at a time , do n't waste your money . If you can , it * can * be a great game . If you need to do things like work or eat or such , then this will be an unfortunate waste of money.Now , I would normally keep my opinions to myself , but seeing the tremendous disrespect that Creative Assembly , the game 's developers , have shown to their customers , I have decided not to be silent.The problem that plagues this game has been mentioned , so I 'll just refer to it as the Loadgame bug . Now , if they were unable to fix the bug due to financial difficulties or low sales , I would still be unhappy , but understanding . As it has sold very well , their refusal to even read what the bug actually is , much less test it -LRB- and of course forget about them fixing it -RRB- has no legitimate excuse , insofar as I am aware.Now add to that what is now an instant shutdown on any mention of such a bug on their forums . Add to that posts from the developers themselves to the effect you do n't know what the AI is doing , so you are incompetent to judge if it is or is not a bug . Add to that moderators who tell you that if you encounter the bug it is YOUR fault for being so presumptuous as to actually * load * a game.There is no chance of this problem being fixed.None.So unless you can play for at least 6 hours straight , do n't bother with this game .
 I really dont know what the hype is about . Bought the game , played the tutorial and all I ever do is fight Gauls , fight rebels , fight Gauls allied with rebels , rebels allied with Germania who are allied with Britannia who are allied with , thats right , the Gauls . Oooh Veni Vidi Vici . Yea Right!Senate missions consist of blockading one port after another very exhilirating . NOT . People get added to your retinue and they all have their special talents and points . Where is my calculator so I can figure out what good they are to me with whatever leader they belong to , if indeed they serve that leader any good and if not I can move them to another leader or general if it works over there . Ooops didnt work lets see , if I take Procrasis the diplomat from General Falucha and give him to General blah blah blah.There is no sense of accomplishement other then winning ground and lets face it , all the fighting in the end amounts to a chaotic mad rush and fight to see who kills more . You really do need multiplayer to handle seige engines by one person and the dogs by another and the chariots and archers etc etc cause as a single player it aint gon na work so just end up piling all your troops on top of the other and usually if your numbers are greater you will win everytime.Stupid AIThis reminds me of all the hype of Tresspasser Jurassic Park , and how it would be non scripted and you could go everywhere and really feel immersed in that Island B worldWell in the end the game was interesting for its concepts but scripted and dull , but if you went over to some fan forums it seemed like the game couldnt do no wrong and who the hell was anybody else to say otherwise.So the people who give it 5 stars kinda puzzle me . Cant return the game so it has to be 5 stars ? Cant admit that its not the end all and be all of the TW series so its got ta be good and the rest of us dont know how to play or our computer sucks , yada yada ? Oh well , maybe there will be a WW2 Total War in the future .
 Crap Crap and more Crap . Poor game play , weak concepts , no fun at all . This game may be realistic , but realistic is n't always fun . Way to difficult to control a battle , campaign mode is boring and stupid . No city building is the real sense , poor empire maps , and way to big to navigate . Too much is going on behind the scenes . Where do I get my money back !
 Rome
 I just bought 3 coasters . So , ZERO stars , really ! Althought I have more than enough in terms of system requirements , 24 vs 16 Sound Card , 1429 vs 1200 CD , etc , it will NOT play past the beginning of the 1st tutorial battle . Believe me , my PC is NOT loaded with all kinds of space wasting junk . There 's no other game on my PC . I uninstalled and re-installed it yet it STILL wo n't go past the tutorial before crashing to desktop . I will NEVER buy another game by this company again . PERIOD . If there was an `` I want my money back '' star system , I 'd give it 5 . Perhaps one way to not rip off consumers would be to highlight the teeny little note on the bottom of the box stating that anti-copying technology might -LRB- yeah -RRB- make this game uncompatible with some disc and video drivers .
 What made the Total War series stand out ? It was a great Strategy game that did n't require you to micromanage every detail and had a nice simple interface . You did n't have to be a hardcore gaming geek to play it . All they had to do was make Rome TW a success was to take the great engine they had for the first two games and improve it.Instead they had to re-inevent the wheel and ended up creating a clunky , detail oriented game only a serious gamer could love . Now I have to spend a lot of time making boring tatical choices like `` which road to move my army by '' that add nothing to my enjoyment of the game . Instead of being able to take a high level view I am constantly stuck in the little dirty details of each town . If I wanted that , there are far better games . I play Total War because I do n't have to waste time on the little stuff.The only good thing I can say is the graphics are better . Not that I care , that 's not what I want out of this kind of game.I suggest passing on this one . There is a reason it 's not selling like the old game .
 First off , I have to give kudos to the CA for what they tried to do - to build a gorgeous , extendable game that would model Roman Empire in it 's full glory . Unfortunately , the bugs which they have not corrected -LRB- stumbling AI , strange pathing behavior , incorrect unit values -RRB- make the whole experience very frustrating . With much regret , I had to put this game aside .
 This was one of my most expected games . And , at first , it seemed to be just what I wanted . Excellent graphics -LRB- both strategic and battle -RRB- , historically accurate units and buildings , nice misic , pretty comfortable interface . However , after playing two campaigns I abandoned this game.The reason is simple . AI is weak beyond any reason , even on `` hard '' difficulty . I consider myself a pretty casual player . I played 3-4 strategic games before , and usually the `` normal '' level was more than enough for me . But in Rome
 If you are the kind of player who ca n't play more than a few turns at a time -LRB- due to RL constraints -RRB- , you will be very disappointed by this game . Due to an annoying bug when you reload a save game , the strategic AI is completely checked in his development -LRB- few countries will be able to expand beyind their intial borders -RRB- . Which means no challenge at all on the strategic level and quite a boring game.PYJ
 I too was amazed when I began to play ` Rome ' . It is truly beautiful to look at compared to most games of its type before it . Unfortunately for highly strategic gamers , this is the only thing it has going for it . As I played more , I began seeing that even very basic elements critical to strategy were `` broken '' . Troops on both sides are dumb ... REALLY dumb . They fail to fight back sometimes -LRB- and do n't run away either -RRB- . They ca n't make the simplest of maneuvers without extreme micromanagement . Left to their own thought -LRB- AI -RRB- , your idiotic archers fire into your OWN troops battling the enemy rather than an open unit bearing down on them . Your enemy may just stand in place , be bombarded by arrows and boulders over and over , and fall to their death . -LRB- Strange too that those huge boulders sometimes hit a single member of a unit ... and BOUNCE OFF him ! -RRB- Running the perimeter of a city 's walls within reach of tower fire , computer troops get picked off easily , losing most of the unit by the time they reach their destination . Individuals simply walking off the tops of walls to die is common as well . Imagine all these problems going on at once with hundreds of troops scattered throughout the battlefield ! Once you know the abilities of different units the same basic strategies work every time - bait them in with a little faster unit , then attack from behind with another . That 's it - no thought required . So many more problems plague ` Rome ' within the battle scenes alone that it will end gameplay for anyone thinking beyond the average gamer . In fact most gamers should be screaming that - The COMPUTER controls reinforcements from YOUR OWN ARMY ! It is truly a mystery how many can completely miss such factors essential to strategy and gameplay and rate this game highly.Not only do the over-hyped battle scenes fail , but other aspects to the game are flawed as well . Naval battles must be auto-resolved from the map . These battles may pop up at any time as the enemy `` magically '' tracks you down anywhere at sea . You may feel more like the host of the Dating Game as you try to figure out which generals to marry off , or a psychologist as you try to figure out which leaders in your army the programmers deemed compatible with each other . You will soon be wondering why your cities deteriorate faster with `` upgrades '' you provide . Of course , such problems may or may not be planned by the designers of RTW , but any way one looks at it , it is a badly done game .
 This game could very well be the pinnacle of turn based/real time strategy hybrid . Unfortunately , its crippled with a debilitating bug that makes it unplayable if you can only play 1 or 2 turns at a time . Everytime a game is loaded , the AI lifts every siege on the map . An average siege is at least 2 turns , thus if you load the game once every 2 turns no cities will ever change hands by the AI . This bug not only affects your fights against the AI , but the AI v AI fights as well , meaning no enemy terrirories ever get big enough in the end game to challenge your empire . This bug also causes the AI to become a protectorate of you , if you ask on the turn after you load the game.So far The Creative Assembly have indicated that the bug is in fact a feature and will therefore not be fixed . Anyone who does n't want to leave the game on 24 hours a day , or can only play a turn at a time should lament this bug and CA 's decision to not fix it , but avoid spending money on it because of it . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I have played all the TW titles to date and was so looking forward to RTW , however when it was released i found it to be a half finnished product , yes some aspects of it where still fun , but does that warrant releasing a half finnished product . There was still some hope in the form of 2 patches that CA where to release but in an act of total suacide , the second patch included a game breaking bug THATS sops you playing the game atall , -LRB- everytime you start a loaded game the AI memory gets wiped and there is zero challenge whatsoever -RRB- it also broke the difficulty level for custom battles.However the worst part is that CA ridicule there customers and rejoce in the fact that they have ripped them off and with great smarmyness they rub it ib our face that they will NEVER be realising aa new patch for RTW to fix this half finnished andnow BROKEN game.Oh well lets hope another develpment company out there can sweep CA aside and show them how to make a game a game of this genra a succsess
 I have been playing the total war games since Shogun , and I loved all of them . Rome shows immense promise , and could easily become the best of the series , but in its current state it simply fails to make the grade . Even after two patches is suffers from a host of serious bugs , one of which makes it a total failure as a strategy game.When you load from a saved game the AI gets thrown for a loop . Unless you can play for more than 5 turns at stretch -LRB- which can take a long time -RRB- the AI simply wo n't put up any resistance , making the strategic side of the game completely uninteresting . Even if you can play for longer stretches , the cummulative effects of this bug will seriously mess up your campaign.CA has made it clear that they have no intention of fixing this bug , or any of the others . If they change their mind and deal with these problems in the upcoming expansion then maybe the game will be worth playing . Until then , save your money . * Edit * About a year after I posted this review the load/save AI bug was finally fixed , along with some of the other serious bugs . The game is pretty old now , but great fun to play .
 RTW is ALMOST a wonderful game . It 's full of great ideas but it 's seems finish in a rush , and it 's shipped incomplete . It seems that 80/85 % of the things in the game are complete , and in the others are plenty of bugs . The worst it 's the load game bug -LRB- well , ` feature ' in the Creative Asambly termonology -RRB- . The AI lost of this long-term plans after a reload and play dumb for one or two turns . Of course , CA denied this and have no support/no acknowleged about this bug.So , it was a pity . RTW is almost there , in the edge of be a great game .
 I 'm giving this a 1-star , because it 's got a major game breaking bug in it . The AI is flawed . Everytime you load a game , it manages to forget what it is doing . If it 's sieging a city , the army will stop sieging and wander off to do whatever armies do.The consequences of this are huge . If like me you only play 4-5 turns at a time -LRB- and given a turn can take 10 + minutes that 's not unrealistic -RRB- , then every five turns the AI will stop . Consequently it does n't expand , and there is no challenge.To add to the frustration , the developer , CA has stated that this is not a bug -LRB- despite evidence to the contrary -RRB- , and that nothing will be done about it.Highly disappointing , and I ca n't honestly recommend it . The way I have been treated is awful , and I wo n't be buying another product by CA for a long time .
 I dearly love this game . With two simple bugfixes , I would label it the greatest strategy game ever -LRB- yes , better than Civ -RRB- . However , the developer has flat out stated that the most crippling bug is in fact a feature . The save command is broken , causing the AI to abandon everything it was doing and wander in confusion for a full turn every time you load the game . Since it takes several turns to starve a city into surrender and this clock resets when a siege is lifted , this `` feature '' prevents the AI from expanding its empire and posing any sort of long term challenge to even a poor human player . This behavior has been confirmed by dozens of fans in rigorous tests , but the developer dismisses these results and tries to explain it away as intended AI re-evaluation . The second bug was introduced by the most recent 1.2 patch , and it applies the combat bonuses intended for the AI at harder difficulty levels to humans and AI , making combat a bit of a joke.All of the remaining bugs -LRB- horse archers unable to fire while moving , infantry attacking using cavalry tactics , and literally a dozen others , have been fixed by the fan community in an unofficial patch , so I wo n't ding the game for them here.Bottom line
 This game is great if you can play multiple turns in one sitting . However there is an issue with the save game feature where the AI basically resets every time you have to load your game . So if you can only play one or two turns before having to save and then load again later the AI will not expand at all . You are left playing a fatally crippled opponent .
 I can only add myself to those seeing major flaws in Rome Total War that some seem oblivious to.The review by `` Spartan '' titled ` The Real Deal ' lists several major problems with the game that I too have experienced . In addition , I also have had the problem with my guard towers -LRB- that auto-firing ca n't be stopped -RRB- shooting my units in the back as they battle invaders atop walls . - And yes , these towers have not been taken by the enemy , and are ` technically ' under my control . I noticed the basic troop battle AI and pathfinding troubles alone within MINUTES of playing the game . After ten or so hours , I could n't bare to play more to see what other bugs might make good strategy pointless . Now , seeing the newer low-star reviews , it looks like the game 's newest ` patch ' has totally crumbled `` Rome '' . If none of the issues facing those rating the game poorly may phase you , it 's your time and money . After all , `` Ignorance is bliss . '' However , If you are one with high standards and sees flaws in the world that many just ca n't , steer clear of this game . I bought this game based on rave reviews . Although there were a few pointing out problems , I just did n't listen . I will know better now . I simply do n't understand how so many are blind to what the game 's admittedly good graphics put right in front of them .
 Despite ground breaking graphics and a great deal of innovative stuff , overall this is a disappointing game . Too many bugs , a lack of solid gameplay and pitiful AI .
 This is a good game , but the main problem is the frequency of the crashes . After a day of stable play , it started to crash to the desktop after every turn , then every time I tried loading a saved game . A real , real shame , because it is an impressive concept . I installed three different patches , to no avail . I think you need a lot more familiarity with computers than I have in order to solve the bugs by tinkering befor you can truly enjoy this program .
 in order to command well , you have to use a pretty far away view , then all soldiers became so small , like a group of ants.Though impressing when stationary , however , when in action , the 3D soldiers act so awkwardly , like puppets . For those interested in the Roman genre strategic games , I 'd rather recommend other games like `` Nemesis of the Roman Empire '' or `` Legion '' by Slitherine .
 Ok , so after spending around $ 1,500 on new computer parts , I finally got to play this game how it was ment to be played ... and it is AWSOME !!! Just to keep things concise , here is the new layout of my system that actually runs Rome Total War : AMD Processor 34001.5 Gig RAM256 Nvidia 3D Graphics cardSound Blaster Suround SoundSo , IMHO if you do n't have a newer -LRB- less than a year old -RRB- computer , that 's gaming quality , then you probably should n't bother with this game , but if your PC can handle it , I feel that this is the best stratagy game I 've ever played . So , if I could re-rate it I would give it at least 4 stars.Original Message : If you like staring at your desktop , then you will LOVE Rome : Total War ! Trust me cause with as much as this game crashes and freezes up , you will be getting better aquanted with your desktop than you ever thought possible . It crashed so much on me that I started playing solataire from the desktop and actually had more fun.And the best part of all is
 This is a great game but unfortunatly , I have been unable to fight any more than 1 to 2 battles at a time without it crashing . As with most games these days , tech help is limited . One of the CA staff has been helping me out lately but at this point , 2 months after I bought the game , I have been unable to play due to the instability .
 But I could n't even get it loaded . Not on my Athlon 64/1gig memory/Nvidia video card loaded desktop or the Pentium 4 loaded desktop or the other Pentium 4 loaded desktop . Or the brand new ATI Radeon 9600/Athlon 64/1 gig Ram notebook . And I 'm not totally sure that it 's coincidence that my brand new CD Drive died while trying to install.A quick trip to totalwar.com indicated I 'm not the only one . Apparently this game is loaded with installation bugs . I am sure that this is a great game but not worth the stress I endured for five hours performing work-arounds and trying to get this thing to load.Read the forums on their website before you buy this game ... it 's a shame ... I REALLY wanted this game .
 To start , I was Medieval Total War fan that thought that Rome Total War would be an improvement . Unfortunately , it is not what I expected at all . For those that have played Medieval , the map area is roughly the same , though there are a few more countries carved out . Buildings and units are about the same as well . The two real differences are that the countries have populations and movement is based on map distance rather than the 1 country is 1 movement unit regardless of size.The problems : - Movement is more realistic but slows the game down and there are a lot of movement problems with getting stuck places.-Game is slow and bugged beyond belief , many game shutdowns and problems with play . Hopefully a patch will fix this but I would n't buy it until it is out.-Commanding battle personally is still not much fun . It is almost the same as Medieval and makes the game even slower to play.-The population on settlements is again more realistic but managing large settlement is tedious and hard , and there is not way to control population except to let the settlement rebel , retake it , and then exterminate the population . This is not much fun , especially when it is you capital that is too big.My advice is stay away from this one until they hopefully fix some playability issues and even then do n't expect a game that is high on action .
 It is always true , that the more one plays a game the more problems they should see . This game 's pretty graphics can easily hypnotize some gamers . Some other games have also coasted to perfect scores through visuals alone regardless of actual gameplay . Sadly for gamers , the main game hides many serious issues unless one is attentive to what is actually going on around them in the world . -LSB- ... -RSB- Early on , these player could see the poor AI and problems with control of units . These troubles alone should have pushed RTW down to 3 stars . Now other major problems and bugs have surfaced that simply end the game for those aware of them . These issues are very serious and kill the whole POINT of the game ! Remember - A flower may be pretty , but that does not amount to much if it also STINKS .
 The 1.2 patch has created more issues than it fixed . The game has lots of bugs that make it easy for the game player to use to there advantage to win the game . Great graphics , battles are short and can be one-sided to the game players advantage . over all look for something elses
 Those thinking gamers who can see past pretty graphics will surely see the awful gameplay elements that break the game for them . Had this game been marketed -LRB- and priced -RRB- as a pure map/turn based strategy game , it STILL could not receive a good review . Unfortunately , its main selling point is the battlefield play . And while it is clearly nice graphicly , it is horrible in nearly every other way in this aspect . Troop unit path finding is terrible - You can click on a group of units to exit a city to a point outside the walls . Inevitably , one of those units will be stopped still inside somewhere as the others have reached their point . With the necessary constant manual handling specific units -LRB- while others being attacked elsewhere , of course -RRB- one will notice that they must always march in specific line orders . This mean that if they need to reverse direction , you must wait for the front line to move back through the whole unit , then the second line , and so on ... until they are in the previous order , THEN they will begin the walk in the new direction . Very stupid in the middle of a BATTLE ! The actual fighting AI is just as horrid as all members of a unit will charge a single enemy member going right past all the others . You may even have to march those missle fire units far from the fight just to keep them from firing into your OWN units . Usually the enemy is just as idiotic in their movements , so battles can still be won by using the same tactics over and over . Even the `` map based '' portion of the game has many issues prohibiting good reviews . -LRB- Though most are typical in programmed strategy games . -RRB- How in the world does this game get so many good reviews ? Truely bizarre .
 Great game . No support.This is a great game to play . The problem is that one day it will stop working . And when that happens , that is it.My son enjoyed this game for about 6 months before it stopped working.The game stopped working whenever my son began a `` manual '' battle.We reloaded the operating system -LRB- yes , the operating system ! -RRB- and the game from scratch . This did not fix the problem.So this is why you should not waste your money on this game . Because the support is so poor . Not one email that I sent , triggered a response.Companies that do not provide support should be avoided . I will be avoiding Activision in the future .
 The game as many of you have said is great - but for one cardinal fault - it 's full of crashes & freezes . I have experienced it myself and I thought it was my system , but after going thru the forum at the RTW official website - I find that a whole lot of people are complaining about it crashes & freezes.I 'm very dissapointed at Creative Assembly for not acting to solve this issue and can dare say that I 've wasted my money buying this game cos its just so damn frustrating to play !! -LRB- with all the freezes and such -RRB- . A great game , great pity too that it 's freezing all the time .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- The first month or so after the game was released I had seen the vast majority of reviews here and elsewhere raving about the game that gave it `` perfect '' scores . I then decided to buy it . I did not jump right into the campaign modes the way most did . I began with ` custom battles ' to see how the battle scenes played.Within minutes I was seeing the problems with AI -LRB- both computer and own units -RRB- , control of troops , and other issues that other reviews have mentioned . Then for a few days I tried the campaign mode , but the problems above with battles ruined the highly strategic thought I put into them . These troubles alone ended gameplay for me.Now , as many have played many hours/days -LRB- and seen through the graphics -RRB- , they are starting to see these flaws in the game as well as many serious bugs that destroy any strategy one may have beyond a couple turns.The game as it is today IS visually stunning compared to others of its type . Sadly , this is the ONLY thing it has going for it . If one is easily entertained by good graphics only , they may enjoy this one . If one puts thought into their games , they will simply be unable to play Rome Total War for very long at all .
 The game is too buggy - every time you reload , the campaign map AI completely resets itself , and the battle AI is n't much better either . The lack of a willingness on the part of the developers to even admit there 's a problem is the most disturbing part ...
 This game is okay , if you ignore the host of bugs present even at the v1 .2 stage . -LSB- ... -RSB- I would have expected a product that is at least marginally playable . . However , it seems that marginally playable is the minimum that Creative Assembly aimed for . -LSB- ... -RSB- However , for everyone else , I do not recommend this bug riddled product . There are a slew of major bugs with their latest patch . -LSB- ... -RSB- I advise you to research the game heavily if you do decide to buy , and see just how buggy it is . The low rating is because of the amount of bugs in v1 .2 and the fact that they will not be fixed by the company -LRB- so they say -RRB- .
 Almost unplayable , way too buggy , stear clear of it and wait for other upcoming games from different software houses ...
 When I bought this title several months ago , I was impressed with the graphics and scope of the game . But then I realized that the turn-based strategy element was dumbed-down horrible , and the real-time strategy element was impossibly simple . And then there were the bugs ; many , many bugs . On top of these game-crippling bugs , Activision slammed a `` two-patch '' policy on the title , thus forcing the game to stay in a crippled state.Had great potential , then was destroyed by trying to appeal to console kiddies and a total lack of support from the developers .
 While this game is visually stunning , it lacks the challenge of a quaility strategy game . There are several game design flaws that result in a particularly weak computer opponent . Definately not ` Game of the Year ' material .
 This game had such potential . Even now , if the developers wanted to , it could surpass by leaps and bounds every other game on the market now and probably in the next three years . However , the developers rushed it out of the door . Now , this is a normal practice these days . However , unlike many developers , Creative Assembly gave the game minimal patch support.The game currently has several huge flaws , one of which actually makes the game unplayable . When addressed on this issue by the community , the developers replied that the bug did not exist . They did not answer questions asking them whether they had performed the simple test that displays the bug . In fact , all threads at the official forum pertaining to the bug were locked , a very telling tale.Almost worse than the bugs is the deliberate historical inaccuracies and downright unrealism . Even were all the bugs fixed , I could not recommend this game to a serious gamer . While it 's fun , except for when you encounter the bugs , it 's a joke in the realism and history departments.So if you are looking for a working game , a game realistically depicting Roman-era warfare , or both , then this game is not for you . If , however , you would like a buggy , half-finished , and unrealistic game made by developers who have almost no communication with the customers and even less scruples , then I recommend buying the game .
 There is a severe bug in the game , commonly referred to as the ` Loadgame AI bug ' which basically means that upon reloading a saved game , the Ai resets and breaks all offensive actions and infact will accept an offer for protectorate -LRB- thus making it redundant for all purposes and adding to the players controled region count -RRB- . This BUG has been so far tested extensively by the community for months but now CA -LRB- the developers -RRB- without any evidence or reasoning , have denied this bug and infact called it a * feature * and have refused to continue to support their product . If you do n't believe me , go and check the forums , see how the official forum has been purged and the . org forum is full of patrons who can not get their money 's worth.Don ' t get me wrong , if this bug was n't there , i.e. , if the save/load feature in the game worked , or if you could possibly play for 8 hours in a go without loading a game , this is a decent game and would n't deserve the 1 star i have to give it due to its broken state .
 This game could have been a great , but it was rushed -LSB- ... -RSB- There are many bugs . First , horse archers -LRB- a numerous unit during the ancient times -RRB- should be able to fire while on the move . They used to be able to , but the recent -LRB- and `` last -RRB- patch broke that ability so the entire speciality of the horse archer is ruined by the bug . The even worse bug , that everyone has heard about , completely stupifies the AI , making it pointless to play since there will be no opposition forever . If you save or load ONCE , the ai collapses , breaking off any city under siege , deleting any offensive goals , and having their diplomatic system stop . If you can play this game in 12 hour instances without saving or loading ONCE , this bug wo n't really affect you . But who can do that ? Creative Assembly has stated that this bug does not exist , despite thousands of fans confirming it over tens of thousands of hours . They have no intention of fixing their game.This game is n't worth the money , especially since it will be rewarding game developing practices like this .
 This is a painful review to write . I really love this game . I really do . But it 's like loving an abusive spouse . The way the company chooses to support its product and the way they have gone about public/consumer relations is deplorable . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- It is a shame because I loved Shogun : Total War , and I really had faith in the developers . No longer . If they can not even admit that the save/load function is severely flawed , let alone dedicate the resources to fix it , what response do you think they should expect from their end-users ? The saddest part of all this is that there are obviously very good people in the company , and you can see they poured their heart into what easily could have been one of the best strategy games ever made , only to have that vision squashed by whatever corporate maneuvering has occured to bring us all to this low point .
 Very nice game . Super Idea . Great graphics . More than I could imagine about a PC game , until I started to play it . Unfortunately sometime after you install you 'll face some problems of performance . After playing for 2 or 3 rounds it became very hard to play , slowing down considerably , becoming choppy , answering with delay to every command . A pity .
 Ok my feelings are mixed i definately like the reality of battles and options like blockades sieges etcSo what 's wrong :1 It 's turn based on the campaign map , that 's crup2 Revolting , very hard to keep a lot of citieswhen i exterminate the population i expect others to understand the message , not try to fight my superior units with cruppy outnumbered staff , i should have an option to exterminate province when i want it3 Only your family members could govern a city -LRB- and to lot of them i would n't give them a chance to govern a uninhabitant island in the middle of pacific -RRB- 4 You ca n't build buildings in paraller only one at a timesame for the units -LRB- does n't , make any logic -RRB- 5 Silly decision on a quick battle resolve516 of my men -LRB- brutii -RRB- were beaten by 30 Julii when i replayed on the real map those julii just flee away6 Upgrading , you must build palisade , than wood wall , thanstone wall etc , why the hell i could build stone wall from start ? 7 Stupid senate missions , i mean i just hate campaignslet me play the way i want8 every creation take fix No of turns . That 's crupyou should interchange build time - cost to a certain degreelike in Age assigning , more builders .9 You ca n't see your own cities , except in a siege what 's sense of having Alexandria when i ca n't see it .10 Fix No of cities , why could n't i just wipe out Carthaginia entirily like Romans did or create a new city in some place11 You ca n't control where the slaves go12 Cripple camera changing move whenever it want 's 13 Enemy AI is too stupid , very aggressive but stupid14 Hard coded hostilities and alliances15 Foolish diplomats trying to bribe my province , possible kill only with assasins which is crup16 Micromanagement , AI very very bad manager etc
 This game is very difficult to control via mouse , even though my computer exceeds the system requirements by a long shot . There are times during battle when it 's almost impossible to select a unit , because the mouse takes several seconds to move.Very clunky , and a disappointment after Total War
 Like MANY others have already said . Until there 's a pacth AFTER v1 .2 , this game is dead in the water . It has serious flaws INTRODUCED in the 1.2 patch that are just game breakers . Avoid until CA decides to treat their customers fairly .
 This game is not as good as the preschool version , which is great . Even the kids said they did not like it . There was n't much to it . It was more on the level of beginning computor skills . The company should redo it or rename it to 2-3 year olds .
 I bought this product for my 4 year old daughter . It looked like a great computer game . Unfortunately , when I loaded it onto my computer , it kept telling me that there was an error and did I want to report it to Microsoft ? It is impossible at this point to play most of the games on the CD and she can never get past the first level . This game was not programmed well and would be a waste of your money to purchase .
 My 31/2 yo preschooler had fun first day . He does n't want to play with it anymore after the first day ... I feel like I wasted my money .
 Just more `` stuff '' for the truly addicted Sims 2 Fan . Way too overpriced and now that it 's in the game I ca n't find it ! But I had to have it , did n't I ? I 'm not rich enough to throw money away like this ... and I thought I was way too old to be conned so easily ! Guess I 'm more hooked on Sims 2 than I thought !
 we ca n't use it because you need to have installed sims2 first . we do n't have sims2 .
 I would not give this product any stars , even though they make you . It would n't work . A message keeps coming up saying insert disk # 1 . I only received 1 disk . The package was stuffed with balled-up notebook paper , the one disk , and the code nothing else . I was very disappointed and so were my kids .
 I ordered the dance dance revolution pc bundle -LRB- pad and cd -RRB- . Well after almost a month I get the product and it 's not even what I ordered . It was the dance pad and the cd however the cd does n't work. , i 'm right back where I started from.I need to get the proper game installation cd for pc or figure out how this one works ?
 The adaptor that comes in this bundle does not work or at least not for me . If both the up and down arrows are pressed at the same time there is no response . The same goes for left and right . I also noticed that when played with two dance mats there is another problem . If one player is pressing an arrow on his mat then the other player can not press the same arrow on his mat . I could not find a solution for this so I 'm going to buy another adaptor and see if that works .
 The game on pogo on the internet is better . If you do n't play it for a little while you have problems with the disc .
 Buying this game for over $ 70 on amazon.com does n't make sense . You can buy this game straight from pogo it 's self for under $ 20.00 !!!! You can buy it in stores for $ 19.99 as well . Skip buying from this over priced seller and buy it straight from pogo or walmart . It 's just a game , not a system . Save yourself the money .
 I have not been able to play this game . Pogo suport has been trying to help me get it up and I ca n't even get into it . This game does not work and I hope I could get my money back .
 Dynasty Warriors is an odd franchise . On one hand , it never really changes up its formula or anything like that . But on the other , its usually been a pretty fun hack and slash game . At least the console versions have been . In the handheld department , Dynasty Warriors has n't been all that exciting , and the DS version of it is really no different.It took a while to get here , but it 's finally here
 I hope that they do another run of this SE at the normal price , so that the people who are paying these crazy prices are taught a lesson . The company not shipping enough units and then having faithful gamers buying these games and driving up the price only sends the message that gaming companies can get away with it and should do it more often . Next time you complain about a game costing $ 39 it will cost $ 60 because of clowns like these.I am holding on to hope for a second run of a computer game I really want , from a Demo I loved playing , but I refuse to play any real life games with them .
 OK ... best buy is selling this for $ 29.99 . Amazon had this on here , 2 days ago for about $ 57 . now it 's $ 120 ???? Something sure smells rotten here . Not worth it . A $ 30 package for $ 120 . -LRB- And yes it is the special adition that Best Buy is selling for $ 29.99 .
 Sold out before it is released ? Come on !
 I was in Best Buy and I saw this only lacking the bogus `` Collector 's Tin '' and the head set for 30 $ .
 If it was n't plagued by a few major problems , the Intec Gamecube monitor would be one of the best accessories for GameCube . I noted the following flaws with this monitor - Less than adequate connection quality . The model I purchased had a faulty power supply cord which would only turn the unit on if the cord was in a certain position , and would power down the system if the cord was moved slightly . Perhaps it was limited to only my unit , but definetly hold on to your receipt . - * Significant * ghosting . Everything blurs and will stay on the screen for about half a second , a very poor pixel response rate that 's long enough to give someone a headache . The LCD monitor can be compared to a first generation PC LCD monitor , but with an even lower pixel refresh rate . I would consider anything close to Soul Calibur 's speed to be unplayable on this monitor . - Colors are very washed out . Adjusting the brightness to its optimal setting will still give you pretty bad colors . - The screen is too thick for an LCD monitor . The Gameboy Advance SP 's LCD screen is vastly superior to this and it 's half the width . Granted , the quality speakers do add extra thickness but the monitor should have had priority over the sound.The only positive things I noticed were : - Quality sound . The speakers are a very good size for this unit and deliver better sound than you would expect . - The monitor attaches very nicely to the GameCubeIf the LCD screen used was of higher quality -LRB- at least comparable to today 's LCD screens with lower pixel response times -RRB- , I would recommend this monitor immediately , but unfortunately that is a large flaw , especially for the price point . Hopefully another company can address all these issues and come out with a portable monitor with a decent LCD screen .
 I bought this for my son to accompany his gamecube for Christmas . What better way to keep him occupied on the 1000 mile drive back from our relatives . Right out of the box , first time using it , I noticed that there were two rows of lines out of the display . 6 months later , the screen is riddled with lines missing ! At first I thought I got a bad unit , but a friend of mine who is a big gamer said his is the same way . So much for the cheap way to have an entertainment center in the vehicle ...
 Intec makes two Gamecube screens -- one 5 inch , and one 5.6 inch . The .6 of an inch is hardly the only difference -- the 5.6 inch screen -LRB- not sold on Amazon anymore -RRB- has a much crisper screen , is less bulky , has better controls , and two headphone jacks . The 5 inch is a smeary mess -- lousy picture , bulky , cheaply made housing with contrasting color `` feet , '' and crummy controls . Beware -- because you 'll pay the same price for both of them , and the company even uses the same manufacturer 's part number and UPC code number , so retailers may not even know it 's a different product when they stock it and sell it to you . If you ca n't get the 5.6 version , then get a different add-on screen from another manufacturer . Do n't support a company that tries to pull a fast one on kids and their parents .
 I bought this monitor and i never even got a chance to test it out . Because as soon as i turned it on once it was in the car it fryed my gamecube . not only did i return the monitor but i had to get a new system . i strongly advise not buying this product !!!! dont take the chance of blowing your system .
 We had a small problem with our unit -LRB- need a replacement cable -RRB- . It 's impossible to get an answer from customer service -- they do not return email messages , and there is no other contact information . We did like the unit when we could use it .
 The screen when I bought said that it had better graphics then a tv . Ha ! The graphics on the moniter are terrible . It is blurry and fuzzy looking .
 This item looks great . A mobile monitor for the amazing Nintendo Gamecube system . Excellent for trips and boring places that do n't have a T.V. !!! Well the screen is smaller than you think . Think of the top of your gamecube . The screen is 1/3 the size of the surface . For God 's sake , you have to be a foot away from it and squint your eyes to see the blurred picture . Gamecube is too good to be affiliated with this . And do n't think that this alone is bad . The Interact one is 100 times worse . Just forget about it . Do n't waste -LSB- the money -RSB- which you can spend on three games . Just stick to a regular t.v.
 This is the worst portable screen i have ever used . And i have tested these brands
 I have to say when will you ever need to take this away for a spin , plus its tiny
 DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT ! reason
 I definitely am a huge fan of video game for my Nintendo Gamecube . Nevertheles , I also do know when a additional accessory can be a absolutely big waste of money . That has been the case with this small and portable monitor for the Nintendo Gamecube . The device happens to be convient add-on , but it really is n't worth the money that it is made out to be . Although it would be great if you were playing the Gamecube during a road trip , but to be honest with you , it is n't worth the money it is made out to be . Instead , I honestly would rather place my Gamecube into my home , and connect it to my television.Price
 I bought this screen with good intentions , after reading many reviews , when i got it , i was extremely dissapointed . The screen is blurry , and the TFT does not help at all . Furthermore , you have to look at it at the perfect angle , just to see the right coloration . I think this product is horrible .
 The worst thing I 've ever bought . It started smoking on one of our trips we were afraid it was ruined but it still works . The brightness control is messed up and the volume does n't work either.Do not buy or you will regret it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Major problems with this product :1 . It uses the analogue -LRB- composite -RRB- video input jack . I would expect a device of this nature to use the digital -LRB- component -RRB- digital jack to get a crystal-clear picture . I assumed the display was an LCD .2 . My unit had 1 * bright white * constantly on pixel -- another sign of LCD `` technology '' today . Intec refused to exchange the product for another , claiming this `` was the potential risk of using LCD products . '' Cute .3 . Video quality . Have you ever seen Real media video ? The video quality looks incredibly blotched . We 're not talking about compression artifacts -- we 're talking about BLOTCHY video , as in it looks like someone tossed up all over the display in a multitude of colours . NOTHING is consistant . The quality is incredibly saturated in some areas , and almost black-and-white in others .4 . The back-lighting is HORRENDOUS . It comes from all four corners , so what you end up with is four corners that look white-grey , while the centre of the display is pitch black and unlit . Not to mention , the portions of the display which ARE lit are more or less `` grey-black '' versus true black . Another sign of cheap engineering .5 . The audio is INCREDIBLY over-amplified . The volume knob , when turned all the way down , still induces audio . You adjust the knob maybe 1/8th a turn , and you now have BLARING audio at probably a good +35 dB . Turn it more , and you double that . Then , for the rest of the knob 's turns -LRB- about 2 of 3 FULL turns -RRB- , you get no audio adjustment . What a completely useless potentiometre .6 . To turn this unit ** OFF ** , you * push * the power button * IN * . This is quite possibly the most ingenious form of backwards engineering I 've witnessed in the past 10 years . This has to be an obvious flaw with the product.If I could rate this unit NEGATIVE stars , I would . This product should be banned from distribution -- yes , it IS that bad . If this product was going for US$ 20.00 , the cost would be justified . However , for something this expensive , the quality is outrageously horrid . Even children should consider NOT using this piece of junk -- it strains the eyes , and provides ZERO benefits.And if you play pixel-precise games like Ikaruga , look elsewhere . There 's no way you 're going to see any detail on this unit -- if you 're even able to figure out how to turn it on without reading the manual . ; - -RRB-
 man , i only had this friggen screen for 3 months and it already got screwed up . A scary black line appears permanently on my screen . i mean , WHAT HAPPENED ! i only had i only had it for 3 months ! , i am now trying to return it ! This screen is still better then the screen from interact , as long as it lasts !
 I picked one of these screens up on clearance for $ 30 , and I still feel kind of ripped off . The image quality is just not there . The size of the screen is n't really the problem . It looks like the screen is n't capable of displaying all of the colors in the games ' video , and so the colors end up oddly dithered . Plus , the image is a bit fuzzy and faded like a TV with a bad analog connection . The only adjustment you can make is to brightness , which does n't really help . It 's usable with bright colorful games , but for the most part it makes even the best games look terrible . Some people have said that there are two versions of this product . If that 's true , I hope I got the bad version.Also , quality control seems a bit sketchy . The first one I bought was defective out of the box -LRB- the picture and sound were terribly distorted unless you pinched the plastic case of the screen together with your fingers . The second one worked , but has an inch-long mark of some kind inside the screen where it ca n't be wiped off.Finally , a warning to people who bought their GameCubes after May 2004 . The location of the video output on the back of the system was changed when they removed the component video port on these newer machines , and this means that the video cable for this screen will not reach . I have two GameCubes , and while the screen will work with my older model -LRB- with component video -RRB- it will not work with the newer one . I did n't see anything about this in the screen 's one-page manual or on Intec 's web site.I do like the fact that this screen fits onto the GameCube , making a relatively compact semi-portable game system , but the lack of picture quality really makes me think that another product would be a better choice . Given how LCD screens have come down in price since this product was introduced , no one should buy this at full price under any circumstances . If you buy it at a steep discount , like me , it might be usable as a sort of toy -LRB- especially since it has an input for other video sources -RRB- but even then I ca n't recommend it very highly .
 After watching all the hype , I eagerly awaited the August 14th release of Madden 08 . I bought the game for PC the day it was released and right away I had problems with it . The installation went well , but then '08 would not run -LRB- `` Security Module could not be activated :7001 '' -RRB- . After an hour I finally found a fix by deleting some registry files . Expecting something close to the XBox 360 or PS3 version of ' 08 , I was saddened to see the same menu screen as last year 's Madden 07 PC version . I played several games and noticed very few differences from last year 's PC version . Like anothre review said , the roster s were updated and there were 1 or 2 new graphical tweaks , but for the most part I felt like was playing Madden 07 . Player movements are still slightly awkward and there are some clipping issues . A lot of hyped features like gang-tackling are noticeably absent from Madden 08 PC . I 've played Madden 08 on the XBox360 and I got ta say the console version is way smoother and much more entertaining . If you have an option , skip the PC version of Madden 08 and go with the Xbox 360 or PS3 version .
 I 've gotten used to being dissapointed by recent Madden releases but 08 was supposed to be different , right ? ... Wrong , dead wrong for the PC version . Other than a couple mediocre graphic additions it is essentially just a roster update . If you 've heard about changes to franchise mode , player weapons , etc. forget about them , because absolutely nothing changes from the 07 version . I 'm especially dissapointed by franchise mode ... in my opinion the only aspect of the game worth playing more than a couple hours . For some reason Madden thinks players improve by playing on winning teams ... rather than teams win because players improve . Four years into the season every player on the saints , rams , patriots , colts and any other team with a couple playoff appearances has awareness ratings of 99 . The salary cap is so high you never need to cut a player , and while drafting the CPU teams still offer ridiculous trades every 30 seconds . Screens are still ineffective , defenders turn into blockers , receivers ca n't stay in bounds , quarterbacks ca n't evade rushers , and do n't even think about the tuck rule . I 'm definitely not buying another madden for PC until they make some major changes . If you have the option , the PS3 gameplay is probably tops -LRB- in the next generation systems 08 is a decent improvement -RRB- .
 I shoulda followed my gut instinct and boycotted Madden 08 . First of all it 's 98 % percent the same as last year , and the much Hyped Player abilities wich they claim are new ... are just last years player roles with new icons and you can see them on the field of play.though being able to see them on the field has made making adjustments easier as you can see who 's covering who , or wich members of your O-line are gon na plow threw the D easier , it still does n't justify the price nor the Hype generated for this game.The rosters are soarly wrong , The Bears still have Tank Johnson , who was released months ago , and replaced by Darwin Walker months ago , and yet this simple fix was not made , i am sure there are other holes in this roster as well.The menu 's and over lays are reused from last year , they just made them bigger and a black , When you score and are about to kick a field goal , you see 1st and 10 at the top in white , over Field Goal in orange , wich was last years lettering at the top.AI and animations have been improved slightly , not as vastly as EA would lead you to believe , some of the new animations actualy cause gameplay problems where the animation was inapropriat at the time . Some players still walk through others , the running back still stubbornly runs into the o-line untill he trips.The graphix are tweaked , colors and edges do seem more refigned , but given the Hardware out for PC 's , there is no reason why PC gamers are stuck with Ps2/Xbox graphics . easpecialy since even mid range budget cards these days are equal or even better than xbox 360 and ps3.One bright spot is the hall of fame mode , You can now play as one of the players from this years draft , including this actualy makes me play this aspect now . Though the layout of the appartment is troublesome in some spots as clickable items are too close and with a mouse you tend to click the wrong thing half the time.Sound ... OMG , this is the same dreary commentation as last year , nothing new was added , heck , they still call Devin Hester '' number 23 '' ... this guy broke an NFL record and a Super Bowl record , and is the first player to ever have the ingame Speed of 100 , and you ca n't even say his name ... Again , i shoulda knew better , though shame on me , this is the last madden i am gon na buy for a few years , always happens , play a few years , get tired of minor tweaks every year and basicly paying for a $ 40 roster update.I will say the game is fun ... but as i notice every minor detail and it sinks in , i get the feeling i am playing last years game , and am already starting to get burnt out .
 The game was nothing special overall , but the thing that made it unplayable for me were the controls . While some adjustment can be made , options are limited . Keyboard and mouse or keyboard alone was unplayable .
 could not run the game.EA support is lousy.EA gives you the run around and they dont know how to fix their own product.still waiting to hear from them and its been a month already.buyer beware .
 First of all I love madden . Love Franchise mode . Got this for my Pc so that i cuold use a xbox360 controller to play it -LRB- No i do n't have an xbox360 just the controller -RRB- and that worked fine after i downloaded the patch . Was addicting to my franchise for days and if thats all the time you want out of this game its a great buy . However after i week i want to add created players to my franchise and start a franchise with a created team -LRB- things you could do in 04 -RRB- , well you ca n't do that anymore , or atleast i ca n't figure it out . After three seasons all my players unexplainably had an awareness jump to 99 , even my backups . You do n't have a choice in this and now i do n't have to fun of making my team better by myself . Then if you play the games long enough you will notice its like the game cheats for the computer . You will fumble the ball 4 times a game while the computer never does . Corner backs will make plays on balls when they were running the other way and were n't looking . The first season i played LT broke the rushing record by over 500 yrds . Ive gone undefeated and lost the coach of the year to three loss teams . Then if you go even deeper the team ratings are outlandish . The Patriots who lost the super bowl are the all time greatest team . The texans are rating below the european leagues . There are year specific teams that are better than thier all time teams . Ex
 This was a very disappointing game . Although this review is several years old , I must say that this game did not meet my expectations of a good computer game . It was boring and redundant . I do n't recommend it for any computer gamers . There are a lot better games out there to spend your money on .
 It 's an alright program , for train lay out buffs . But if you want the real deal , like slowing down the flying scotsman before entering a station , real physics , and real routes . Then I suggest you go with MSTS , and ignore this simple program . There are hundreds of sites to download hundreds of new engines and routes , they only downside is that you have to create a consist for each new engine and car , but they have helpful tutorials to help you out , so I give this , 2 stars . Because of the simple control design . But , MSTS simulates the real thing , REAL engine controls , that need YOUR constent monitering . I 'll probly get hateful reviews now .
 I have been looking forward to this game for a long time , which might make me an impartial judge . I do not entirely agree with the GameSpot review , but i do not dissagree with it . I was impressed with the campagin editor , which unlike othergames like Warcraft III is easy to use , and most maps can be used . 20 + levels is nice too . Yet the menu 's are very ugly and dark . I was impressed with the graphics , the only up-side of this game , the people and animations are very nicely done , yet slow , but if the developers had spent a couple of hours on trees and background terrain the game might have been saved . Another thing that i was upset with was the camera . It 's impossible to use . The AI of the game is sub-par . It 's one of those , `` choose your soldiers then throw them at the other person with no strategy in mind , '' kind of games , '' like , `` Empire Earth '' which atleast had the fact that buildings could be made . Something that got me mad at the game is that people move extremely slowly , and if they run they get shot . The only way soldiers can move without getting shot is crawling at an un-realisticly slow rate . In battles it 's impossible to tell who is getting shot , and who is shooting them . This may reflect real war , but units , and sometimes whole groups dissappear off the map , then re-appear half emerged from the floorboards of a house ...
 Ive been looking forward to this game for about 6 months and finially I found it in store . Unfortuantely , that store wont let me return it!The AI is shocking , the camera controls are next to impossible to use at any descent speed , and I cant get the game to run for more than 10 minutes without a crash to desktop . If you dont believe me , check out the gamespot review below ... it sums up my feelings pretty well.Very dissapointed : - -LRB-
 This game came highly recommended , and had an admirable pedigree . However , the resulting Close Combat offspring just proves two intellects do n't make a genius . In fact , this child is simply dull . The squads are awkward to command , and do n't have any sense of a.i. . The constant need to toggle perspectives adds to the confusion , and ultimately is so distracting the objective becomes muddled . I tried very hard to like this game , and the only saving grace is I bought on sale for under $ 20 . The salesperson told me they predicted they would have a hard time giving it away , to which I chuckled thinking they must have made a mistake . Well , I ca n't give my copy away to any of my friends . The original close combat series is as good as it gets . Do n't waste your $ $ $ on this dogchild .
 I 'm a diehard fan of the original UT . Played it for a long time and loved it . I was anxiously awaiting the sequel hoping they would not mess it up . Sadly , I was disappointed after playing both the beta and demo versions . Although they are still tweaking things for the retail release , I doubt the gameplay will be changed much . My comments are based on the demo version . The game has taken on a very cartoonish feel . The weapons , powerups , and onscreen text are way too big . The weapons spin at their pickup points like a cheesy Nintendo game . The gamespeed has been cranked up to the point that it feels rediculous . Also new are double jumps and various combinations with dodging . Combine the new moves with adrenaline pills which give you various powers such as speed , berzerk mode , healing , etc. and it really feels like a kiddie console game to me . They ruined the original UT , which had a more serious tone to it . This game could have been so much better . The graphics and death animations are excellent . I can only hope that the modding community and other gaming companies use the engine to create better games .
 After spending 49.99 on this game , hoping it would be at least a shadow of Unreal Tournament , I was so dissapointed . The amount of disk space it requires is ungodly -LRB- 3 gig -RRB- and the system requirments are unforgiven . Think your 1.4 ghz is fast enough for this pos ? Maybe with everything set on low detail . The makers focused on flash and forgot about content . All the really cool weapons are gone , or replaced with what the makers say are improvements . Forget your sniper rifles at home kids , they 're not here . The only good thing that came out of this , is I started playing UT more than ever , I only paid 10 dollars for that on the shelf . If you have to buy one crappy game a year , make it this one and get it over with . This game is going to rely on mods to keep it alive . -LRB- think half-life -RRB-
 The original Unreal Tournament was great . The announcing voice came on at appropriate times . In the new one , it states obvious facts and gets annoying , fast . The old game had better weapons , and also had better skins . What 's up with the guys in robot shells ? Anyways , UT Gold was , and always will be , the best !
 What happened to all the great , somewhat realness we found in unreal tournament ? This game has taken us backwards and in my opinion might as well be called Quake IV . To the creators
 Just downloaded and played the demo . Gave it a good 4 hours of play time to make sure I gave it a fair shake . Played all the demo maps against bots and on-line -LRB- when I could get on-line ... still need to work out some server bugs Epic ! -RRB- , and tried , really tried -LRB- WANTED -RRB- to like this game ... but ... Conclusion : Adds nothing new to the genre , Quake 3 and the original UT are much better games . Very disapointed . : -LRB- Reason : Take Quake 3 -LRB- physics , speed , level design -RRB- , remove the fun -LRB- i.e. , `` feel '' of the game -RRB- , increase everything that annoyed you about it -LRB- like bunny-hopping -RRB- , add a voice that announces everything that is obvious in the game `` you picked up a powerup '' but does NOT announce actually important things like `` Joe has the ball '' ; add features that are extremely annoying like the bunny-hop that pretty muched ruined Quake 3 into the game -LRB- call it a double-jump -RRB- , add `` combo '' moves -LRB- ways to make you faster , invisible , harder to kill -RRB- that are NOT documented or easy to turn on -LRB- so the `` elite '' gamers will figure out how to do cool moves but novice gamers will just get beat down even more and not really get to use these moves -RRB- , throw some more useless technology at the levels -LRB- like pretty grass ... what a joke , just to keep up with the `` Jones '' -RRB- that does n't actually improve or innovate gameplay -LRB- Epic , do n't you know Id 's doing per-pixel lighting now ... looks like you 're lagging behind ... better get cracking ! -RRB- and there you have Unreal Tournament 2003 . If you 're looking for awesome FPS deathmatch or CTF buy Quake 3 . If you 're looking for an innovative team FPS experience , buy Battlefield 1942 . If you 're really itching to play an Unreal Tournament style game , play the original .
 This game is a cross between `` Pro '' wrestling , and an online thug trainer . It 's packed with cursing voices , tinged with an ebonic accent , blood , and gender confused female figures . It plays like the headlines ... `` Semi-literate , afri-cultural hooligans shoot each other . . `` Just what America needs . . Avoid at all costs
 When Unreal Tournament came out a few years ago , I was amazed not only by the graphics and smooth gameplay , but also by the sounds effects . The sounds were so good , they made your spine tingle . So clear , so loud , and so well defined . When you fired a weapon , you knew it was going to sound good and rock the walls of your room.The same can not be said for Unreal Tournament 2003 . The weapons sound downright bland and boring . It is amazing that the game 's developers would allow such a game to be released knowing that it 's sounds are not nearly as good as its previous release.The only hope for UT2003 in terms of sound quality is if a sound upgrade pack is offered for it as a free download .
 I played the demo and could n't believe it sucked . So I called a friend who had the game to play for myself the full version and it still sucked.This is a Quake 3 rip-off . If I wanted Quake I 'd go buy that . UT2k3 is all graphics and nothing else . It makes me wonder what they packed into the 2 + gigs this monstrousity takes on the harddrive . Even the original doom plays better . Developers have to understand that graphics do n't make a game -LRB- just as special effects do n't necessarily make a good movie -RRB- . It is like finding out the prettiest guy/girl in college has gum disease , herpes , half rotten teath , and a stink issue . Good to look at , but you would n't want to touch it .
 This is nothing like what it tries to be . It 's got extremely spammy weapons , terribly sloppy physics and the graphics and lighting are a joke . For example , you see shadows , but the objects for the shadows do n't exist . The water is totally fake and jello -LRB- not even bubbles -RRB- and the lighting is all out of place . The double jumping is really fake feeling and the adrenaline power ups everyone absolutely hates . Plus , there is no cheat protection like Quake 3 has -LRB- PunkBuster -RRB- . In fact , this game tries to be like Quake 3 and fails miserably with poor physics , terrible graphics , and spammy gameplay.If you want a truly intense first person shooter , with better weapon balance , and very solid physics and graphics , just get Quake 3 !
 At first this game really blew me away . The graphics and sound are impressive and the gameplay , and weapons in particular , are very cool . The novelty soon wears off though . The game is now gathering dust on my hard drive -LRB- hmmmm ... I really should get that looked at -RRB- , and once I completed the single player mode and got tired of multi-player , it did n't look like such a wise investment . I actually do n't think the gameplay is particularly interesting long-term , and it all feels pretty `` samey '' after a while , but that 's just my opinion . If you 're a multi-player freak and have a good connection , you 'll probably get a lot of fun out of playing online , at least for a while .
 The people who worked on the engine and graphics for UT 2003 deserve the credit . They put out a top-notch product that can be customized heavily -LRB- modders rejoice ! -RRB- . However , they seriously lacked in gameplay and in new ideas . It is almost EXACTLY the same as its predecessor , Unreal Tournament -LRB- with minor alterations on weapons such as the minigun and the addition of the game mode Bombing Run -RRB- . You can spend your money on this if you want , but I would rather have spent my money on a game that has innovative gameplay over a game with only new graphics and engine .
 Please , anyone who played the original Unreal will know that they took away all the cool stuff and emphasized the crap ! Gone is the wonderful sniper rifle.Gone is the balance between all weapons -LRB- now 2 weapons are superpowerful -RRB- Gone is the stearable Redeemer -LRB- the new one steers like a bus -RRB- Gone is realistic movements -LRB- one second hes there , next hes not -RRB- Gone is any skillThis game sucks , online and off . Only the bombing run -LRB- online -RRB- is slightly fun , but is always screwed by guys who make the teams unbalanced .
 I have been into gaming since the original Pac-Man when I was a kid . I went through a series of games . Kings Quest -LRB- the original computer game -RRB- , Mario -LRB- nintendo and computer , all of them -RRB- , it went on 'til I found Tombraider . I found that I loved the originality , graphics , maps as well as the moves and abilities of a realistic , wholly believable and life-like adventure game . I purchased Unreal Gold on the premise of that -- 3rd person shooter adventure . The graphics were utterly believable and beautiful . The environments were stunning and awe inspiring . The characters felt very real to me and the game even had plot and character development . It felt like a whole movie with the plot and characters in this way . It was completely unavoidable to not get caught up in the cause of this person -LRB- you -RRB- and the unbelievable carnage and destruction of her own human race that is happening right in front of her . The logs and messages from the killed humans who have been freshly and sadly dismembered made this very real to me . Vaguely , kind of , like Aliens 1 . I loved it beyond belief . -LRB- Little did I know how very linear it was and what amazement I was now infor -RRB- . But I wanted more . I had to have more . So I purchased Unreal Tournament . I loved the feel of being a 1st person shooter . The movements . The possibilites were endless with the way the game was ; not linear . Anything could happen . Each game match within the game was different . I found I liked the competition of playing against actually skilled computer bots . The speed at which I had to move to beat them was like nothing I had ever experienced . It was like real time . The set and the human -LRB- bots -RRB- had shadow and light and folds in their shirts , etc. that created a feeling of depth that I have never before exerienced on the video environment . It was like a realistic set , with human like bots that had wonderful characterstic and totally human responses to my actions in the game . Totally believable ; so real . Totally like being there , to me . The music was inspiring and very appropriate to each of the matches or maps and in creating the feeling of true competition -LRB- and wonderful , gritty bloodlust that surprised me as well , initially . LOL . -RRB- It was just totally unbelieble . I played it for hours days , months . Then I played it again . And so on . Unreal Tournament had a hard core fan in me , for life . I breathlessly waited for the release of Unreal 2003 . I could n't imagine what kind of realistic , awe-inspiring and enriching fantasy they had come up for me this time . I loaded it and since I have a GeForce 3 it was fine . I have played Quake III . I did not enjoy it -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- since I really do n't get off on cartoony characters that do n't feel real to me
 If you like first person shooters , this game is fantastic . I bought because of how much I liked the previous version.Unfortunately , I have never played this game without it crashing on me . I have upgraded to the latest patch -LRB- 2166 -RRB- and upgraded my video card to the latest driver . I have also installed the XP Service Pack 1 which has the DirectX 8.1 b upgrade . I have every graphics setting set to the lowest setting possible . I am running a Pentium 4 2.53 mhz with 512 megs RAM.It crashes all the time , telling me I may need to upgrade my DirectX driver . Sometimes it does n't even start . I have n't started with support yet , but it 's aggravating nonetheless that i should be having so many problems.I would stay away from this game . I know several people who own this game , they all have similar problems , but not as many . That 's probably because they have newer graphics cards.In short , this game is really buggy .
 I was never a big Unreal Tournament player before , and this game is n't going to make me one . It should n't even be considered a new game , but rather a map pack and graphics update.The weapons are more or less the same as in the first Unreal Tournament . Most have gotten makeovers , and a few seem to have been weakened . The sniper rifle has been turned into the lighting gun , which means that it is basically like the laser rifle in Tribes 2 -LRB- i.e. it fires a beam that gives away the sniper 's position -RRB- Most of the maps fall into the category of corridors-with-weapons-scattered-randomly-about , which is good if you like that kind of thing , but bad if you want some verity.The teamplay options in this game are very poor . The capture the flag game type is basically a deathmatch + flags , in that there is no teamwork to speak of . You find a weapon , you charge the enemy side of the map , and rarely end up seeing the flag because the enemy is doing the exact same thing , and you just play a deathmatch in the middle of the level . Pointless . Epic could have at least incorporated some Team Fortress concepts into the capture the flag game to make it more interesting . Team games in UT2K3 do n't hold a candle to Tribes 2 . This game would make a good mod platform . For instance , the game engine has support for vehicles , but they are not incorporated into the game -LRB- a demo can be accessed by typing `` map vehicledemo '' into the console -RRB- . ... All and all , this game is good if you like mindless , repetitive deathmatches -LRB- which does not describe me -RRB- . It is n't much of an improvement on the original Unreal Tournament . The gameplay is nearly identical , the maps are n't that much to talk about , and the team play options are unoriginal . The only real hope for this game is a new and original mod , because it seems Epic checked originality at the door when they made this game .
 I bought this wondering what the hype was all about . The weapons were all lame . This game is nothing compared to its similar games like Counter-Strike or Quake 2 . Cons :1 -RRB- Multiplayer offers tremendous lag even on a T3 line and DSL line . I have a Pentium 4 with geforce 2 and great connection and plenty of RAM to burn . This game was so lagged it was no fun to play . Just like Q3 it was unplayable because it lagged so much . It even lagged when I played single player against the computer .2 -RRB- The game has super lame weapons .3 -RRB- No thought or original game play.Pros :1 -RRB- Great graphics2 -RRB- Beautiful maps
 The long-anticipated revolution never came.With Doom 3 and Half-Life 2 -LRB- the next generation in FPS 's -RRB- endlessly delayed , the gaming world turned its hopeful eyes to Unreal Tournament 2003 . And finished with nothing.I must preface this by saying that I always preferred Quake 3 Arena to Unreal Tournament , but this is bad even for that franchise . The gameplay is slow , the highly reviewed ` realistic lighting ' is all but non-existant , and the AI could n't hit an elephant with a cannon at 3 feet.If you 're looking for a new thrill , relive Quake 3 on Nightmare , wait for Doom 3 , and save your pennies .
 Boring game play and lack of fighting detail . Weapons stink compared to the old Unreal Tornament . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE ME . IF YOU LIKE THE OLDER VERSION STICK WITH IT.What in the world were the game designers thinking when they put this junk out to the gaming community ???
 Let me begin by saying I am a big fan of the original UT . I probably have over 2 gigs of levels , music and textures archived to CD . I was looking forward to this release with great anticipation , and now all I can say is `` where 's the beef ? '' True , the graphics are stunning and the player skins are great . The concept of Bombing Run -LRB- rugby for psycho killers -RRB- is cool . BUT THE GAME PLAY AND LEVELS ARE UNSATISFACTORY . The original UT had levels that were as much fun to explore as to play in . UT2003 levels are boring after only a few run-throughs and are much too small . Weapons look too much alike , with the exception of the rocket launcher , flak cannon and sniper rifle . Speaking of the sniper rifle - it 's not even a rifle . The original rifle in UT was cool BECAUSE it was a little retro compared to the other weapons . Part of the fun of the original UT was getting yourself into a well-concealed position and dominating the gameplay from a distance . The new Buck Rogers rifle gives away your position every time you use it , making this impossible . AI appears somewhat improved in the new release , but this does not make up for the rather sterile overall feel of the game . As other reviewers have noted , the graphics look cool , but the game really does n't play well except on a bleeding edge , high-end machine . Like others , I run through a mid-high level P4 with a GeForce2 Ultra , and even at middling resolutions , I have frame rate issues . I give it 1 star for gameplay alone , with a bit more for the spiffy graphics .
 UT 2003 was hyped to the stars ever since it was announced -LRB- late 2001 -RRB- but it has failed to impact the way us UT fanatics hoped . The maps on the whole are quite samey and more positioned to show off the graphical capacities of the new game engine than to be fun to play long term.Some maps , like Plunge , cause any computer not made in the last six months to have a seizure . There are a lot of details put into maps to make them look pretty but there is no thought of the player model who just gets caught up on all the extra junk . -LRB- Speaking of player models , I have n't spoken to anyone who likes the `` Space Hulk '' clones . -RRB- Some old favourites have been re-modelled , like the once impressive `` Facing Peaks '' but as in this case , they have added too much detail till the map looks as ugly and tacky as Vegas.I would say save your money until this game comes down in price and is released with all the -LRB- many -RRB- patches that it needs and hopefully has a working editor that does n't crash to the desktop every five minutes .
 Finished the tournament twice , on different settings.Why less ? Because there is less excitement , less fluid gameplay , and less weaponry than in the first installment . Where sequels usually follow the formula of let 's add things , and make money , this game takes away things and may or may not make money . Two aspects that really lost were the weapons and the level design . The rocket launcher is now limited , and no longer has grenades , the sniper rifle has been replaced with a weaker weapon , and most importantly , the starting weapon is now an assault rifle that is weaker than the handgun in part one , AND THEY TOOK AWAY TWO-HANDED SHOOTING WITH TWO HANDGUNS !!! The weapons balance was one of the great aspects of part one . No other game evere matched that balance . Even the handgun was effective . With well place headshots you could take out enemies wit better weapons . Why the designers would ruin the wepaons balance is a mystery.As far as levels and the game go , it seems they were to scared to change anything there , and did n't . So there is nothing new , but the levels now are less interesting , and not that creative . The jump-pads are different than the first installment , but not to good . They did add a TV atmosphere , with an overenthusiaistic announcer , but even that come across as annoying and not serious enough.And What are the ancient egyptians doing in the game ???? -LRB- New characters in the game -RRB- . Just like the first time you get the letter in the mail saying You are the winner of the publisher 's >> >> Sweepstakes ! - The game 's graphics amaze you . Then the game leaves you hanging with it 's lack of excitement . The game does not grab you.On the bright side , the game is graphically and technically superior to anything out there . The graphics are incredible . And on Adept and higher setting th game becomes more furious . However the gap between skilled and adpet is pretty large.Maybe the producer and design team did not try to hard on this one , beacuse they were relying on the laurels of part one.Finally , a personal hurt
 While bringing a technically revolutionary and visually mesmerizing engine to the light , UT2003 is unforunately cast to the same gameplay of Quake3 , which is pathetically hackneyed and unoriginal -- to be nice . More of a movie than a game , the only real reason to play this silly ripoff is to get a screenshot , as it is actually below the original UT . It 's a bit hard to explain , but even though it 's taking full advantage of your video card and taxing the hell out of your system , it does n't bring the goods that other games nowadays have.Unreal Tournament 2003 is more of an update to the original than anything new , but you ca n't call it an update because this takes away more than it adds to -- yes I know there is like 7 other modes of gameplay and I guess some new guns so the fun could potentially `` never end '' , but try playing with any of those new features without missing the same feel of the original UT and you will see what I 'm saying.The engine on the other hand is great . You 'll see the UT2kQ3 engine in many future games , and it 's currently in one of the best FPS games -- America 's Army ; and will soon be in many more good games
 I would have to rate Unreal Tournament as the game that got me interested in gaming . It has never been off my hard drive . However Unreal Tournament 2003 seems more like Quake three in many aspects except while Quake 3 had a lot of re-play value I have hardly played UT 2003 since I got it . I hate to say this , but the game is dull.I also want to protest the shoddy way in which the game was shipped . It came in the old-fashions `` big '' cardboard box , which in this day and age everyone knows is just wasteful . The box design is ordinary to say the least . The game disc 's themselves were n't solidly anchored inside the box , and they were just in plain white paper sleeves , not jewel cases or preferably DVD-style cases . The manual was printed in a pinkish text on white so I could hardly read it , was very short , and contained errors.Worse still the key for the game for some reason was stuck on the back of the booklet , not on the -LRB- non-existent -RRB- jewel case as is customary . I can see that many people will probably lose or throw the useless booklet away , and thus lose their key.Obviously Epic have a deal with Prima to sell their game guide , but really , at this price , I expect the game to be packed well in jewel cases with at least some effort made to create a decent installation and game guide booklet . Not good enough , Epic !
 Although the Graphics in Unreal Tournament 2003 are excellent the game lacked the one on one challenge I experienced with the orginal Unreal Tournament . Here you can only run and shoot , no strategy needed , no making a stand with a snipper riffle .
 It 's possible that someone who 'd never played UT -LRB- or someone who did n't like UT -RRB- , could play this game and enjoy it . However , for someone like me who purchased the new game anticipating more of what I liked in the older versions , UT 2003 is a real disappointment.I suppose the game is `` good '' in technical terms . The graphics are impressive , or at least would be if my two-year old PC could support even `` normal '' settings . I have a pretty generic set-up -LRB- 256MB of RAM and an Intel 82810E graphics card -RRB- , and in order to prevent stutters in play , the `` detail '' settings must be at their lowest values . Sure , the game will function on the lowest settings - I can still run around and shoot things - but as I play I 'm nagged by the feeling that I 'm being cheated . See the nifty features vs. playing the game ? I should be able to do both without having to run out and buy a new computer . And speaking of buying a new computer , you 'll probably need one after you install UT 2003 ; minimum system requirements call for 3 GB of hard disk space.I do n't feel as cheated by the game as I might , however , because UT 2003 has a completely different look and feel from previous versions of Unreal Tournament . In fact , I take issue with this version being called `` Unreal Tournament '' at all ! The new environments , characters and weapons all have a `` Sonic the Hedgehog '' feel to them , with bright colors , flashy effects and cartoon-like characters replacing the gritty , industrial feel I associated with UT . Even the audio has suffered - I cringed when I heard some of the new characters ' voices . I ca n't tell you how humiliating it is to be fragged and then taunted by something with the voice of a Scooby Doo villain.Basically , UT 2003 is the Saturday morning cartoon version of Unreal Tournament - flashy lights , pretty colors and wacky voices , but no real substance . Original UT fans might be better off downloading and/or creating new levels for the old games rather than buying the newest version .
 I agree with Peter . This game gave me a feeling of Quake which I never liked . I should have checked the demo at unreal2003.com before bying this as I assumed that this would be better technology but similar to UT . I miss the bow , sniper and some realistic weapons as well as maps . It was fun playing dm-bathroom , morpheus etc. in UT.Multiplayer connection/lookup is faster .
 This games boasts more of an engine than an actual game . I do n't doubt the engine 's capabilities , it does render gorgeous graphics and the polygon count on the models are very impressive . But it would seem to me that the developers spent more time on the engine development than on the gameplay design . It has not changed much from the original Unreal Tournamnent and I found the gameplay to be repetitive and monotonous . The only `` breath-of-fresh-air '' in this game is `` Bombing Run '' , but it still wo n't improve my overall impression of this game.In a nutshell , this game is BORING .
 The Demo played smoothly , but I purchsed the full version today and so far its been awful . ... System freezes , texture problems , sound problems are just a few of the things plagueing this game.I have several games that are more more system intensive , and play great . This game is just terribly engineered . 4 year wait ... I would wait a few months for the dust to clear . Or shelve this . It 's useless until they patch it over the next several months , if it ever really works at all .
 Unreal Tournament -LRB- the original -RRB- has proven to be a classic , with die-hard fans that have built apon it and made it better . Infogrames should have learned from these modders who have volunteered their time to improve upon the original , and not tried to re-invent the wheel . Mods like -LRB- most especially -RRB- the Zark rifle -LRB- which makes the sniper rifle fully automatic -RRB- and large custom sniper maps have greatly improved the original and made it into something way more intense and fun . ... My alias is | ZM | Meditation.I have only played the demo , but in my opinion , the maps are too small and cater to the run and gun style of gameplay , and not sniper play . The major sin of UT 2003 is replacing the classic sniper rifle with the lightning gun . The lightning gun -LSB- disappointed me -RSB- because it makes it impossible to be a true sniper , as it gives away your location every time you fire it . Thus , it 's impossible to be stealthy.There is nothing like the satisfaction of the original UT , when you can be at a hidden vantage point and pick off your targets one by one , without giving away your location . UT2003 ruins that . All I can say , is that I hope there is a Zark rifle mod that brings back the fully automatic sniper rifle.So in conclusion , if you like running around and killing people in close combat , this game is for you . But if you are a sniper , stick with UT until some mod brings back the sniper rifle.UT2003 is more like Quake III then it is like Unreal Tournament . It has a better graphic engine , but the gameplay is definitely sacrificed . Also , what ever happend to ngworldstats ? Ngworldstats -LRB- an online statistical engine -RRB- for the original Unreal Tournament has been down for months and this fact has been a slap in the face to the dedicated players of original UT . In other words , it no longer keeps track of the best UT players in the world .
 I have played the original UT for over three years now , and you know what ? I still play it more than this new UT 2003 . Sure , the graphics are fabulous , it 's fast , the sounds are great and the control is smooth . What 's wrong then ? Well , for starters , the weapons stink . Gone is the sniper rifle , replaced by the unusable lightning gun , the mini-gun is all but useless , and the rocket/flak weapons are shadows of their former selves . My biggest problem with this game are the levels ... The first UT had a great variety of immersive , moody levels , and no two felt alike . All the levels in UT 2003 feel like the same `` techno-grunge '' industrial warehouse done with different textures . Even the outdoor levels disappoint . Moreover , the game modes stink
 Unreal 03 to me is not so unreal . . weopons are ok . . not nearly as good as original unreal . . graphics are awesome.do not like new sniper rifle . It 's like a Buck Rogers nightmare . . I wish they had just enhanced original unreal tournament a little bit . . I think they went a little overboard . . not really what I was expecting it to be.But the graphics are awesome . . thak you NVIDIA . . for at least putting in good graphics ... Thanks but I 'll stick to the original unreal tournament . . it kicks A --
 The original unreal tournament is the very definition of fun . It was interesting , and I could play the demo for hours without becoming bored . The game remained interesting with cool characters , maps , and weapons . Then they released new maps , mods -LRB- relics in particular -RRB- , and assault mode . That game was a success.Unreal Tournament 2003 changes the original into a lame game . There are all new guns , and worst of all ... There are uninspired new maps . The new 2-fort is a sand like level that does n't have the same feeling . The other maps just do n't have anything to be talked about . The all new guns I mentioned ? Crap . They all blow except the redeemer . The new sniper rifle -LRB- lighting gun ! -RRB- is retarded . The new pistol is pretty stupid . There 's also a gun now which instead of doing damage , it pushes the opponent . This is rather useless in pretty much any situation . If you are on the top of a tower it is good , but that is rare.Get the original Unreal Tournament or Unreal Tournament 2004 . They both rock , and this game can just be skipped .
 The long-anticipated revolution never came.With Doom 3 and Half-Life 2 -LRB- the next generation in FPS 's -RRB- endlessly delayed , the gaming world turned its hopeful eyes to Unreal Tournament 2003 . And finished with nothing.I must preface this by saying that I always preferred Quake 3 Arena to Unreal Tournament , but this is bad even for that franchise . The gameplay is slow , the highly reviewed ` realistic lighting ' is all but non-existant , and the AI could n't hit an elephant with a cannon at 3 feet.If you 're looking for a new thrill , relive Quake 3 on Nightmare , wait for Doom 3 , and save your pennies .
 The graphics were good , but the rest is -LSB- bad -RSB- . It took about a half hour till I was bored with this . Here is what happens :1 . spawn2 . run around like a chicken without a head3 . shoot at anything that moves -LRB- including teammates -RRB- 4 . pick up some guns5 . shoot at anything that moves -LRB- including teammates -RRB- 6 . run around like a chicken without a head7 . shoot at anything that moves -LRB- including teammates -RRB- . Occassionally get killed , then start at step one . Repeat ad nauseum .
 Its just not worth it , the guns are terrible the game is bad . It takes too much to run . I have a geforce4 TI 4400 and its a little laggy at medium graphics . I think Infogrames shot themselves in the foot with this one . Stick to the older unreal , it holds up much better . Save your money buy something else .
 This seriously has to be one of the worst games I 've played and I 'm a 3d shooter fanatic having played almost all of the 3D shooters from the quake series to the SOF series to the halflife series . This version has to be the laggiest version and I have a pentium 4 256 Ram with a Geforce 2 ... not the best of machines but gees if it lags this much on my computer on single player mode I dont even want to try it online . The only real good thing I have to say is that the levels are interesting and the graphics are really smooth and nice . But then again I really dont buy 3d shooters for necessarily their graphics . I buy them for their game quality and this hangs one the worst game qualities of the decade . ... Its double feature move would never work against human players . The game is a like suped up Q3 thats laggier than molassis and looks like the old nintendo TV show game where u shoot and pick up big bucks . ...
 Come you guys . . I love this game . . the origanal unreal tournament.You ruined it . . do not like the new sniper gun . . DAAAHHHHH . . it just gave away my position with it 's lightning flash . . but graphics are awesome . . thanks to NVIDIA.just does not measure up to original unreal . . I usually listen to Metallica while playing unreal and have the best time . . Especially `` For whom the bell tolls '' . . But now Metallica 's music does ` nt go with any of these Buck rogers maps . . or weopons . What happened to the maps . . they are small . . total cop out guys . . Quit trying to be Quake . . Be UNREAL . . thats what got me to be a unreal freak . . I would have better fun using these cd 's from unreal 03 to play frisbys with my dog . . Again thank you NVIDIA for at least putting fourth the effort for great graphics.I just wish they had enhanced the original unreal a little bit ... thanks but i 'll stick to the original unreal . . IT KICKS !
 This game had so much going for it ... do n't be fooled by all the awesome graphics , there 's some bugs , lousy gameplay and sound within . If I only knew I could have waited till it went down to 20 bucks . Not worth that cash , wait till it comes down . It 's great for a 20 bin game . That 's all .
 Epic Megagames have really jumped the boat since their heydays , but they were very lucky with Unreal and Unreal Tournament . Both were fantastic and simple games to play which hearld back to the days of DOOM . Now with Unreal Tournament 2003 you get improved graphics and lots of added features from the original game . Strange thing is though , when I started playing the game I thought I was playing the original . The graphics may look prettier but I did n't notice them , neither did I care about the new skins either , this is a shoot it if it moves type of game you do n't have time to look at the pretty pictures , you 've got to keep moving and that 's why this game fails because basically the gameplay is the same as the first game . A huge , but expected , disappointment from this once great game developer.Unreal Tournament 2004 is coming soon and it looks like it 's jumping on the GTA bandwagon by adding vechiles for you to control . I 'd say wait for that one , but if you ca n't wait buy the original Unreal Tournament , it 's cheaper and it wo n't need a powerful computer , UT2003 is a joke .
 The people who worked on the engine and graphics for UT 2003 deserve the credit . They put out a top-notch product that can be customized heavily -LRB- modders rejoice ! -RRB- . However , they seriously lacked in gameplay and in new ideas . It is almost EXACTLY the same as its predecessor , Unreal Tournament -LRB- with minor alterations on weapons such as the minigun and the addition of the game mode Bombing Run -RRB- . You can spend your money on this if you want , but I would rather have spent my money on a game that has innovative gameplay over a game with only new graphics and engine .
 Not a bad game , but unlike every other golf game out there , Tiger Woods for GBA has ONE and only one course . There are some challenges , but one course gets kind of boring pretty quick . Jeez , even Mario Gold on GBC had four courses . There is no excuse for this !
 I 'm going to put this sweet and short , this game sucks !!!! . a just wait a complete month to play this game following the reviews of game magazines , and the screenshot that the web page of EIDOS show us , and finally i had the chance to play this in my own xbox console and just worst 30 minutes of gameplay and never seen before from now . first all the characters are weak and thin , the firepower of the gun sound bland , the physics of all the vehicles are unrealistic , this men can walk across the edge of a mountain and never fall , like the amazing spiderman or the amazing glue man . the missions are boring and foolish , etc , etc , etc. . I play Scarface and spyhunter nowhere to run and this game are far beyond better that this steamy guano pile -LRB- steamy beause this early launching -RRB- .
 Che Guavera was a murderer , communist , and executioner to his own people . That fact that somebody took the time to create this game is scary .
 I should have heeded the warnings of other reviews.The graphics on this game stink and the time it takes to go from the score card to the next hole is unbearable . !!!!!!!!
 Have had software problems from day 1 on Vista operating system . Game will abnormally shut downor abend without any notice . I went to microsoft site to find applicable updates that might stop it but nothing is working.At this stage the game is mostly worthless and not worth the trouble it takes to try to finish a round .
 Why when hitting a ball over a sand trap , the ball suddently dives into the sand trap , instead of landing on the green !!!
 This game is easy for a non-gamer like myself to ` get into ' ; the options and PC controls are reasonably straightforward . As I progressed in ` golfing ' efficiency I realized that the game is not geared to reward good shots and penalize bad ones , but to some agenda of its creators . Doing everything ` right ' can bring disastrous results , depending on this agenda . Life provides enough hard knocks without volunteering for them . Only a masochist will stomach this punishment for more than 30 hours or so . So ... the question becomes
 The Tiger Woods 08 installs on my xp , but will not allow games to display on screen , or play . Contacted EA Sports and got no response .
 Dated and then some . Hangs up on my new puter even with 8GB of ram . Should have more ways to play against computer opponents . Microsoft should bring back Links . I still run it on my old puter and have ten times as much fun with it . AND it NEVER hangs up !
 Do n't buy this game unless you have a very , very good graphics card . I have what EA Soprts says is required , but the game does n't work and now , obviously I ca n't return the game . Buying a better graphics card is way more than the game , so DO N'T BUY THE GAME.Makes one wonder why EA Sports would bother making a game that says it can work on a minimal 64 card , but ca n't possibly work.Waste of money .
 2006 tour is very good . 2008 tour was received without an activation code . Vendor never responded to my request for the code and Amazon refunded my purchase price .
 Well , TW 08 is a major turn off for 2 main reasons among others
 Who would want to play this game without a gamepad ? Not me ! Waste of money ; ended up leaving it under my bed for the past 2 years .
 This DVD would not install . The download for this game is idenitcal . This game is not connected to an EA server.After calling EA to get a connection to a server it still would not install
 I actually really enjoy playing this game , on the rare occasions it functions normally . The problem is that there seems to be a bug engineered into the game which makes mouse clicks either not register at all , or after a delay . As this is how one controls their shot , it 's extremely frustrating . In addition , it makes me so jerky in anticipation of the buggy response , even when it works , my timing is way off . It 's given me a virtual case of the shanks.Overall , besides this deal breaking flaw , its a pretty good game , It takes a long time to get to the PGA tour , but its fun.I 'm no hard core gamer , and I ca n't speak to the comparison to other versions of the game , but to my eyes the graphics are decent , the play is realistic and its overall enjoyable , Or would be without the hiccups . I 've tried 3 different discs on 3 different machines , all with the same result , so I know its not a hardware issue . Luckily I got it for less than ten bucks at BB as it 's an older game . If I 'd paid full price , I 'd be REALLY upset .
 This is a neat game that does n't work well on my computer . I do n't know if it is my computer or the game itself . The program freezes up and has to be restarted . My computer meets all system requirements for this game . I am very disappointed .
 It is disgraceful that EA Sports would keep a game on the market that ca n't recognize it 's own disk & the same goes for the people like you that continue to sell the game.In loading the game I had 3 Blue screen crashes . I was lucky it did n't harm my computer . After finally getting the game loaded the program would not recognize the disk . I then searched the internet for a fix , I realized that everyone is having a problem with this game.I should have known something was wrong with the 08 version because it is selling for a 1/4th the cost of the older versions .
 The game wo n't load on my laptop so I ca n't even play it . I do n't think you can have any virus programs installed on our computer .
 I had high hopes that TW 2008 would elevate the game to new heights.Instead , it aspires to new heights of mediocrity.Actually , IMHO , it is a major step backwards from 2007 . True , they threw us a few bones in the FedEx courses.But all the inherent anomolies of 2007 have been copied in 2008 , along with many annoying -LRB- and backward -RRB- changes from 2007 that frankly make you wonder why EA even bothered to release 2008 . Oh yes ... the cash register will ring.But only because of Tig 's stature and prominence ... not due to any real improvements in the playability or enjoyability of the game experience.I have spent countless hours on 2007 and won something like 276 consecutive tournaments with a 57.5 scoring average.I installed and uninstalled TW 2008 3 times ... it was like watching home videos of some Mickey Mouse family event again . Why bother?If you have TW 2007 , save your money on 2008 . If you do n't , buy 2007 off of Amazon or Ebay and have more fun .
 I like others ran out hoping that this would be a lot diffrent from 07 , but it turns out its not much different . My advice is save your money , stick with 07 -LRB- & if your lucky enough 06 which was perfect -RRB- 7 if you have to get this , wait til next year when you can probably get this for under 20 bucks . My computer is pretty strong & it was crashing all afternoon while tried to play an entire game . Very dissapointing . It will keep me from buying 09 next year . Oh & the Photo game face is not in the game itself like they were touting for months , its an online addition & so far it 's been inundated with people this week , so they are having problems with it . Save your money .
 Disappointing . Not near as good a simulator as 2004 version . Runs okay on Vista though ; prior versions may not .
 Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 DVDIt looks like it might be fun but it wo n't run on my Windows XP without turning off my virus protection and Spy Sweeeper protection and I do n't want to leave my computer vulnerable . I have plenty of room as I am only using a third of the GB on my machine . Guess I will just write it off as a bad choice . Allene
 I love the Tiger Woods series , this is my third . I bought a new pc with tons of speed and capacity , but the game keeps crashing.I raraely get to finish a round that does n't crash or present incomplete renderings , or have the avatar disappear completely . I never had this sort of problem before with a much smaller and slower computer.Ea Sports and microsoft should figure this one out together .
 I had an older version -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and figured it was time to upgrade.I ca n't really say it was worth it . The main benefits are more courses.However , I expected a much better improvement in the product , and thisgame is really just a warmed over version . Although it runs at 1680x105 tomatch my widescreen , the graphics are just not that great . The gallery watchingthe golfers is a complete laugh . Compared to some racing sims -LRB- GRID , EA 's ownNeed for Speed Shift -RRB- , the graphics of this slow paced golf game are a coupleyears behind state of the art in realism.The game has some true annoyances . When playing a full round against other -LRB- computer -RRB- players , you have to wait for agonizing player motions , ball flight , etc. . It 's like they are trying to make a round take 4-5 hours like a real game . You can hit ESC to skip past some things , but this becomes very tedious.Worse , when playing a round in PGA Tour mode , there are agonizing delays after completing a hole everything freezes up for 6-10 seconds , then finally a scorecard comes up . I 've turned off the options for commentator voice overs , crowd reaction , golfer reactions -LRB- the stupid dancing/prancing the golfer does , including a break-dance like spin on the ground ... -RRB- and still nothing ... happens ... for ... many ... seconds ... after ... finishing ... a. . . hole ... There are missing features that seem like no-brainers : There is no swing analyzer . After hooking a shot , there is no way to see what you did wrong . It should show a graphic of your actual mouse motion so you can see where you deviated from a straight pullback or other motion . One easy error is not holding the mouse perfectly straight when swinging - if the mouse is at an angle , you 'll get a bad swing . Similarly , there appears to be no training for learning how to adjust the swing if you want to add a draw or fade.When you play a great hole or a great round , you can not save it for replay later.The game does save your best shot or best but , but -LRB- in PGA Tour mode -RRB- , once you finish a hole , you ca n't return to the previous hole and replay it or save one or all of the shots . If you hole in from 160 yards out , too bad ; you ca n't save that shot . -LRB- If that was the longest hole-in , it will save that automatically . -RRB- The game offers `` confidence training '' - a chance to practice on previous holes after completing a tournament round . When you complete this , a very confusing graphic shows your last four scores on the hole , etc. but it flashes up , then disappears before you can really see what it says , and there seems to be no way to bring it back.The player customization is pretty poor - again , no major improvements in 4 years of new release . You ca n't use the keyboard to scroll through the various options -LRB- like clubs , clothing , etc. -RRB- and when buying clothing -LRB- i.e. buying clothes made by your sponsor -RRB- , you select the item then a Preview this Item button to see how it looks ... and then the preview sits there , doing nothing for several sections , then selection is lost -LRB- reverts back to your current item -RRB- . The `` price model '' of the merchandise is nowhere close to reality -LRB- $ 500 for a pair of shoes pants , $ 150 for a hat ... -RRB- and travel costs to tournaments really sap your budget at $ 2,000 to $ 8,000 per tournament . If you do n't win , you can quickly run out of money.Oh , you also must have the DVD inserted to play the game . Please!I really wish EA would take this game seriously and make significant improvements based on actually playing the game instead of promoting golfers and branded merchandise .
 I was diappointed when i read the instrutions book.YOU had to disable your internet security , end processes of 13 of your window functions just to load the game from the dics.THEN you had to do all this each and everytime you played the game . If you DID NOT this , then sooner or later your windows would CRASH !! I tryed for -LSB- 3 -RSB- days to get this to work right and finally gave up and sent it back to amazon at a loss of mailing charges.This to me is a screw up on EASPORTS part.they did not produce this in mind of the difficulity on older computers , they were thinking ONLY of late model widows or Vista .
 I ca n't tell how many bits the screen is because I ca n't see it for anything and when you put a worm light on it glares so much you need shades . I called nintendo and they had the nerve to tell me that your not supposed to use after market lights like the worm lights or pelican accessories with their product . They stink and the gameboy advanced stinks I wasted my money and my son is upset .
 I purchased two game boy advances with the understanding that I was making a quality purchase . While I would agree that the game boy console is very sleek and convenient for anyone to use , I have to say that I am sadly disappointed with my purchase . Once you place a game into the console to play , it is very dark and hard to see which makes it extremely difficult for young children to enjoy playing . My overall rating of this product is three stars.Sincerely , An Annoyed Aunt
 I ca n't understand the 5 star reviews of this system . I wonder if they got a different version . My version is unplayable under all but the most precise lighting conditions . And some games are unplayable no matter what . With a 80 watt light 1 foot from the system , carefully angled so to try to avoid the glare , Castlevania is still not playable . Its very frustrating because the sound is excellent and graphics -LRB- from what I can see -RRB- are good . I do n't understand how Nintendo could release a product this flawed . That 's why I wonder if they have revised it and are now shipping a new version . That 's the only way I can explain the good reviews .
 I have owned every Game Boy that has been on the market and this is absolutely the worst of the lot . It does n't matter how great the graphics are ... you ca n't see them ! The screen is so dark that you can only see under a really bright light . . and that is usually impossible when traveling . If your children try to use this , it will ruin their eyesight . How sad that with all the new technology , Nintendo wo n't back light a screen .
 for the money i shjould come with a free game
 I expected a lot from the GBA but the comfort aspects are severely disappointing . I did n't pay attention to the warnings and bought the GBA without a light . BIG MISTAKE . I can not find any room in my house at any time of day with any set of lights on where I can see the screen without straining my eyes or having to move the console around to get around a glare . I bought seperately and attached an add on magnifyer with a light , but that still does not provide a satisfactory view . Also my hands become cramped and tired after playing this for only a few minutes because it 's so small . I bought the pack that came with Mario Kart , but ironically enough the Tetris game that came with the original game boy looks the best on the screen and you can even make that bigger than it was before . If I could see the screen I think the game play would be excellent . If you can wait until they come up with something officially from nintendo to correct this , I think you 'd be much happier with it . All those parents think sitting too close to the tv hurts your eyesight should NOT buy the GBA for their kids ! Perhaps the feature that allows you to plug this into the GameCube and play on tv would make up for this dissappointment .
 From a styling and design perspective Nintendo has a hit . Too bad you can not see the screen . You can not use it in low light situations . Nintendo may have solved the battery drain problem ; but if you ca n't see the screen , what 's the point ! I had to return it .
 My grandson wanted a GBA for Christmas because his cousin had one and he had played his cousins and they would be able to share games -- I also purchased six additional games . I paid nearly $ 60.00 for the GBA to ensure I bought a used one that was good quality . In total , I could have purchased a new DS system . But since my grandson wanted the same system as his cousin , I purchased this unit . However , you can barely see the screen even in direct light . I have had to buy 3 additional lights and have given up -- I am now buying the Game Boy Player so he can at least play the games I purchased .
 i would not recommend this seller at all . . it is a hoax what ever this seller sells is boken defected and absolutly run down looking!dont buy something from that seller!i surely never ever again ! shame on them to rip off people like that !
 Here 's a little warning before you invest in the GBA :1 -RRB- The LCD screen itself is n't backlit , so it 's hard to see unless your under a solid light source2 -RRB- The plastic screen over the LCD screen sratches very easily ! I even bought a replacement from nintendo.com and it sratched in less than two weeks !
 i hate it because the light dnt work on game my son thought its was goin to be better than it was wasted my money
 I bought this gameboy first of all because i wanted to start playing my pokemon games again , but i was really disspointed at the gameboy i purchased . First of all i know it is a used gameboy and i expected some wear and tear , but when the gameboy was advertised as new screen and in good condition you would expect it to be as such , right ? but no i got this gameboy and the screen is so scratched that you cant barely see the game in most light , and the back latch for the battery compartment broke off by day two . this is ridiculous and i will never purchase from this seller again .
 We purchased this product but are unable to use it because you can not see anything on the screen , my son was very disappointed in this product .
 I could n't wait for the gameboy advanced to come out . So when it did , i bought one of the first to hit the stores . As well as , two games . I loved super nintendo and this looked it would be the hand held version of that.However , one of the main drawbacks of the gameboy advanced is that there is NO . . I repeat ... NO backlighting !!! If you are n't sitting directly under a bright spotlight you wont see a thing ! I bought the gameboy so I would have something to do on my long train rides to the city but i spent half the ride trying to direct the gameboy in such a way that i could see it . Before i completely gave up on using it i bought one of the light attachments that where `` designed '' for gameboy advanced . But that did n't help either . In fact it add a bad glare which made it harder to see . I 'm so frustrated with it that it 's been sitting in the corner collecting dust .
 My son just got Game Boy Advance for his birthday this past Saturday , from his Grandma . The first problem I had with it , was the fact that I couldn &#8217; t see a THING ! Under very bright lighting it is fairly easy to see , but get out of a direct source of light you will see blackness . The stupidity in making this thing without any backlight , almost makes me mad enough to take it back . It &#8217; s my son &#8217; s though , and we opened it , already . We have bought a light that attaches on with a magnifying glass at Target . So I am often sitting there holding a flashlight for my son or under my chin so I can see when I play it . If you look past the point that you can &#8217; t see a thing , the graphics are really good . The systems fits perfectly in my sons hands , my hands , and my husbands hands . The games are good , but to me seem to be way to much for a Game Boy . If I could go back in time I would personally rather spend my money on a system that hooks up to my TV . All in all , I give it 2 stars , because it is good &#8230; but the lighting is truly terrible , and I find myself complaining about it every time I use it . So if I could go back &#8230; I would have returned this little toy , and games and accessories you have to buy to see it , and play it &#8230; and would have bought a Playstation 2 for my son . Don &#8217; t waste your money &#8230; unless your rich and a couple hundred is chump change to you .
 Gba is a lot of money.But this sites gives you it for a low price order one .
 I bought two of these consoles for my kids . I will be returning them tomorrow . Why ? Because the screen is so dark that unless you are sitting under a 300-watt halogen light , you will not see anything at all . And , the glare is terrible.Some have suggested adding a light to the unit . But , that kind of defeats the purpose of having a * portable * unit . This really is an inexcusable design flaw on Nintendo 's part . Their refusal to even acknowledge the problem is even worse .
 The screen went blank on me in just 2 days . The screen was so hard to see anything even under very good lighting and after changing the batteries twice . Save your money and get a DS .
 What were nintendo thinking a hand held for 100.00 moola?BesidsI was really dissipointed when I got the GBA and I think it totaly copyed SNK 's Neo Geo from the cartrige to the shape and layout of the system . the display dosent really look like its 32 bit I mean my SEGA Genisess -LRB- 16 bit -RRB- look 's beter.And it 's really to thin for my hands unlike the Neo Geo witch is fatter on the out side and thinner on the inside.Besides nintendo 's game boy has allwes been sorta outa date like wheres the backup battery or why dosent a menu appere when you turn it on with out a cartrige.Other than that the systen is kinda good bui if I were you I wold save my GBA money and buy a cheaper Sega Game gear or a SNK Neo Geo .
 My son bought the Game Boy Advance Console , after using it for awhile , we realized that it is very difficult to see the screen . We then bought the light and magnifier kit , this did not help it either . If your going to buy a Game boy , spend the extra money and get the Game Boy Advance SP it 's worth the extra money .
 I have had this machine for a little while . And I have tried several lights and magnifiers etc. . Screen still sucks . I put it away for a while and today brought it out . I now know why I put it away in the first place . I am going to get the new Gameboy Advance SP tomorrow , it has to be better .
 The original GBA is an eye-killer because its screen is so dark . Even though the LCD is active-matrix , you ca n't see much even under the best lighting conditions . Get the new SP edition instead ; it has built-in frontlight .
 Game Boy Advance is terrible . Calling it Advance is an oxymoron . Actually , I think it amounts to theft for Nintendo to charge money for this ... Who cares about anything else if you can not see the screen . If I could take the two back that I bought for my children I would , but the boxes were trashed in the Christmas rush . I certainly will NOT bother to purchase any more games ; I have already wasted enough money on this system . Nintendo should QUICKLY come out with a correction and let everyone who wasted their money on the first release trade in for FREE . Someone should sue Nintendo . And yes , I have bought magnifiers and lights . They do not help . Just more money down the tube . I have never been this disgusted with anything I have ever purchased before . I do n't think Nintendo could make it worse than it already is . I hope this keeps anyone else from wasting their money .
 Nintendo just wants another excuse for making money . It 's the same as Game Boy Color , except it 's horizontal . I do n't like it . It 's too sideways .
 Buying lighting devices didnt make it worth it they always broke . The screen is too small and the system is a battery hog . Why would you want this when you can play Game Cube and N64 on a much larger screen with better graphics and sound?This is the worst system since Virtual Boy . I hated it so much I chucked it in the lake and I didnt even regret it .
 all of the gameboy 's are a. . . lot of money for nothing and NOTHING EDUCATIONAL . I am sorry for this purchase . My son , of course , loves it . It would be nice if there were something smarter than -LSB- junk -RSB- . NO THANKS TO YOU ALL . IT WOULD BE JUST AS EASY TO OFFER EDUCATION AND PEACE ... THANKS FOR THE RIPOFF . I also notice that the gameboy isNOT compatible with gameboy advance . . BEWARE BUYERS !!!!
 I recently purchased this item for my daughter and returned it after 2 days . The dislay is so hard to see that some games were unplayable . The light we bought only added more glare and believe me there was enough to start with . Overall 2 big thumbs down . In the days of backlit PDA 's and beautiful color Windows runnning on portable devices , it is a huge disappointment that you ca n't optionally get a backlit screen unit . That I 'd pay for . P.S. I hear Sega games will soon be available for play on Windows CE devices ... might wait for that .
 I ca n't beleive they sell these ! Even with the additional light you can not see a thing , the screen is so dark . Our son had a headache 2 hours after buying it , and was using the light , a lamp and by a window . And be warned - it comes with NOTHING ! No game , no patch cord , no outlet adaptor or light unit ... . We returned it the next day ...
 I bought this a few years ago because I sold myGame Boy Advance SP Classic NES Limited Editionsince I bought aNintendo DS Lite Onyx Blackand later came across some of my old GB Color and Black and White games I thought I lost in a move . This is crap compared to aGame Boy Advance SP Classic NES Limited Editionsystem -LRB- or any GBA SP -RRB- . The screen is so dark on this original GBA System , I have to shine several lights on it to see the screen and sometimes the glare of the lights makes it even more difficult to see the screen . Just stick with a DS or an GBASP system to play GBA Games .
 I ca n't believe that Nintendo released this product . The screen is so dark that it is impossible to see well enough to play the game . My children are anxious to play with it but it puts too much strain on their eyes . Wait until Nintendo improves this and releases a new version . Buy your kids some great books instead !
 I recently just bought a gba.Its really great the graphics and sound are awesome . nintendo really outdid itself this time.The games available for this system are great they re kid friendly just like all nintendo games the only problem is the screen lighting but it can be corrected by playing in a good source of light.Its so small it fits in my shirt pocket perfectly.Its of 32 bits but the graphics of the 32 bit PS1 are much better I ve got tekken 3 -LRB- ps -RRB- and tekken advance -LRB- im a tekken dragonballz and digimon fan -RRB- but the tekken 3 graphics are awesome really better than the GBA version.If you think you want a system with really eye poppoing graphics your better off with the Gamecube or PS2 or XBOX
 do not spend money on this game boy.the SP is totally better.it is a cool folding platform . and is so portable.it has a baklight unlike the GBA . and a way better design.the only people that like the GBA is the people that cant get a SP .
 it get 's old so fast , all the games are so boring , this is nothing you want , instead , you shud get a battery pack for ur ps2 , a screen , n bring it on the plane , works fine for me : -RRB-
 You 'll go blind playing this thing unless you are outside on a sunny day . Why in the world is n't the screen lighted ? None of the aftermarket lights you can buy are worth a darn . What a shame , because the games are cool , but I ca n't see a thing .
 For such great graphics one would think that Nintendo engineers would want people to see them . Average indoor lighting makes for bad gaming , and you can forget about back seat of your car enjoyment . Thumbs way down ... Nintendo spring for a light bulb . What were you thinking ? Guess I will wait in the returns line .
 Not worth buying . Can only see the screen in bright light , then have the problem of glare reflecting off screen . Ca n't be played in car at night -LRB- or low light day -RRB- or in even in a moderately lit room . DO NOT BUY !
 it was my birthday , and my parents gave a game boy advance , i was totally happy , until i began to playdit was dark to the bone i only could play under a super brilliant lightmy advice is dont you buy it , the game boy color its much better ...
 I was the mother who dreaded having to be hounded by her youngsters for the new and improved GBA for the holidays . I have to admit the advertisements had me impressed . Well , I did n't have to hear the hounding , as our camera case with all gameboys & accessories were stolen . Insurance $ came in and I purchased the new gameboy advances today.COUNTDOWN WHY NOT TO BUY GAMEBOY ADVANCE2.gamelink - consider if all your childrens friends still have GBC , they can not battle each other-non-compatible . AND THE NUMBER ONE REASON NOT TO BUY GAMEBOY ADVANCE1 . THE SCREEN LIGHTING IS NILL TO NONE . When held at a certain angle one can see the graphics , which appear to be great . The sound is great . However , Keep in mind you must angle correctly to see indoors , and i do mean you 'll see a dimly lit screen . I ca n't believe nitendo put this out on the market . During sunlight outside my husband says he can see it better . Nitendo needs to add to their advertising-only to be used outside on bright sunny days . What a shame.We will be returning ours tomorrow for gameboy color - which is 49.99 at Target right now .
 Stay away . Stay FAR AWAY.This game might -LRB- MIGHT -RRB- have been acceptable in the late 80s , but I doubt it . The graphics are ugly and primitive . The interface looks like a VGA dos strategy game like Settlers 1 , and is unclear and hard to use . The game is plagued by numerous video bugs.But all that would be ignorable if the gameplay were even OK . Unfortunately , the gameplay -LSB- is bad -RSB- . It 's basically Ancient Art of War for the Apple II with -LRB- slightly -RRB- updated graphics . The cover illustration is the best thing about this ... , unimaginative , rushed title.Do yourself a favor and spend your hard earned money on something good , ...
 Alright , this game has graphics that look like they were inherited from Civilization 2 . There 's nothing to complain about in reference to the strategy portion of the game , since it 's pretty standard , but the real time portion will make you lose the will to live . You deploy your soldiers and then helplessly watch as they run around the map and fight the enemy . Yes , I 'm not kidding , you actually ca n't control the army in battle , it 's reduced to you sitting there watching little soldier A throw things at little soldier B until one of them dies or runs away . The idea that you ca n't make real time changes during a battle is rather absurd , and as a result of the game design there 's no strategy , you might as well wander off and do something interesting while the battles are running . This game hurts brain .
 This game had soooooo much potential ... it is always sad to see a game that should have been so good , turn out so poorly.They really skimped on this game , and my advice is to save your money ...
 Poorly made . Much better strategy games out on the market . A let down after playing Europa II and Medieval Total War
 I WAS looking forward to this game , but after thirty minutes of play I felt like I was playing something that should run on a low powered Commodore 64 . There is virtually no diplomacy , the game mechanics are rustic , anachronistic and extremely boring , there is no internal decision making to add any flavor to the game and ultimately it is like managing a warehouse with three materials and making sure the shelves are stocked . The battles are even worse . They are a big mess and it makes no difference where you position your troops they always end up in the same spot ... all lumped in a big ugly , indecipherable mess in the middle of the screen . I loved both Europa Universalis games and was extremely disapointed with this sad game . However I am still loking forward to Paradox 's Crusader Kings , I still have hope .
 I was so looking forward to this game . I mean Really . Which is why I am really bummed it is not that good . As a Roman empire fan I was dying to use my legions to trounce those nasty celts . And it just seemed to lack any roman flavor . The combat baffled me as the units had no common sense , you ca n't use traditional Roman tactics , and I almost went mad trying to get my troops to realize they were in a great hill position just sit and wait ! The Legion units scattered to the four winds in combat - so much for that great trained bunch of men hammering through the barbarians . And I was also mystified by the rqndom limits placed on units in specific areas - which why of all things are called `` squads '' ? They went to great lengths to get every celtic tribe name correct , but allow only 8 `` squads '' in one place.Maybe its in the game someplace but after playing for a few hours I was just sick over what was missing . No forming the XX Legion and marching on the enemy . It really felt like a game from maybe 4 years ago.So as a Roman history enthuiast I just have to say I am very disapointed and wished they had put out a demo . WIth that I would have known in 10 minutes not to waste my money .
 Coming from the company that has produced the very successful Europa Universalis games -LRB- which are great -RRB- - Legion is a flop , a big flop . As an experienced war gamer my expectations continually rise due to continual improvements in war gaming . This is the most disappointing game I 've ever bought and that probably covers 50 + different games . I tried playing this 5-6 times for several hours and no the game is not too complex . It is way too simple and wooden . Like the ` town ' in an Italian spaghetti western.This game fails as a strategy game since there is so little depth to it . It looks like a cheesy imitation of Civilization I -LRB- without the tech tree , wonders , new units , leaders , etc. -RRB- which came out over 10 years ago . Yet Civ I is better than this for strategy -LRB- guns v. butter decisions -RRB- . Legion fails in the tactical sense . Do n't even begin to compare this to Age of Kings for battle play . All you do is a one time launch of the battle . After it starts you have no control . AoK runs circles around this in controlling and viewing battles plus AoK is better at the strategic level . And yes , AoK did come out over 2 years ago.That Legion is turn-based -LRB- i/o RTS -RRB- makes the flow much more stiff but at least I knew that up front.The graphics are like something out of a time capsule - an not in a good sense . Ancient Art of War does come to mind.Top it all off with almost useless documentation and , you get the point.Strategy - FTactics - FGraphics - DInstructions - FAm still looking forward to Paradox 's Hearts of Iron -LRB- which looks great -RRB- and Crusader Kings . Still , how can something as bad as Legion come from the same company that produced EU ? Reminds me of a line from the Sheriff -LRB- Jackie Gleason -RRB- at the end of ` Smokey and the Bandit ' when he looked at his bumbling son and said ` when I get home I 'm gon na puch your momma in the mouth ' . Maybe that 's how Paradox will look at Legion some day .
 I love how people that havnt even played this game rate it 5 stars . The only reason i gave it one star is because that 's the lowest you can select . This game was so horrible , the graphics were the worst i 've ever seen on GBA , I am not cheap but I actually took this game back to the store where I bought it and demanded a refund . The missions in the game , a joke , you pretty much walk right into them . And walking around is even a joke , i 've never seen such choppy framerate in a game in my life !! Also when you shoot your weapon it 's so slow i 'm surprised your not dead by the time you get your second shot off . My advice , dont waste your time or money on this game . I would compare this game to Duke Nukem Advance as Duke being a 10 outta 10 and Medal of Honor being a 1 out of Million !!!
 This game is horrific . The levels are linear and the choice of weapons is lacking . The graphics are so bad I can not tell if I am shooting a guard or a wall . The graphics make your eyes hurt they are so bad . Most of the time I could not see where I was going . Luckily , I pretended like it did n't work and got a refund . The music is the only good part of this game . This is definately the worst game I have ever played . EVER .
 This game is the worst games ever . The graphics suck and the gameplay sucks . If I were you I wouldent even look at this game . I played it at my friends house and it was bad . I recomend that you get meadal of honor infltrator now that game rocks . But dont get meadal of honor underground .
 Medal of Honor
 Ca n't believe how bad this game is . I love first person shooters and this is the worst one I have ever bought . Horrible graphics , slow as molasses , bad sound . Wish I had followed the reviewers who said it was bad . No idea why some reviewers claim it is good . Save yourself some money and buy Ecks and Sever -LRB- original & Ballistic -RRB- , Doom II , Duke Nukem , even Wolfenstein .
 You think with games like doom and ecks vs server out they can make a decent fps for the gba , But nope not in this case . The single major flaw that ruins the game is the graphics . I mean i know its a gameboy and all but they are sooo bad , its like they tried making an fps on the NES . Walls dispear , patterns move making you dizzy . they enemys are just a blurr in the back ground . The objectives and idea are all pretty good but you can ; t see anything t all . Try Doom
 You would n't even believe how bad `` Medal of Honor
 This game is GARBAGE . Avoid it at all cost . It 's the biggest piece of @ # $ % I 've ever had to play . and it 's too bad because to the true MOH fan it would have been a nice take along but it 's more of a leave behind .
 i am an experienced veterian with first person shooters and I have to admit that this is the worst on I have ever played . To me the worst part is the insane auto aim that takes away all chance to show any talent with shooting . The frame rate is very slow and the background is very bland . There is no real easy visible difference between nazis and a wall . And there is allways too much ammo , I tried as hard as i could and I was n't able to get rid of it .
 Save your money . After playing Medal of Honor Frontline , this game is like a trip to the distant past . The graphics are like the drawings of a kindergarden child , and the ability to control the game is frustrating . I guess I was expecting the same super look of Frontline , and boy what a pathetic difference . I guess if you have n't reached the level of Frontline , it might be good as a intro , but I tried it , and tried it , and threw it in the trash . A learning experience ...
 graphics suck sounds suck and the graphics give you a huge huge HUGE head ake and you can see the bad guys when there on the other side of the wall , story sucks ! everything sucks id rate it a -1000 if i cood p.s. DONT GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not worth the price im going to throw mine in the garbage
 This battery powered sensor bar is almost unusable . You must be directly in front of the bar and I had to turn the sensor bar sensitivity all the way up to get it to work at 5 ' . Any further distance and the thing wo n't work .
 i bought 3 sensor 2 of them did not work and i have call and email the company and i have not received anything back from so i am really think about ever shopping at amazon again because of this problem
 Its 0 star item . Please dont waste money if you are beatles real fan . Meaningless title .
 tomb raiders are among my favorites , combining the best mixture of shooter and puzzle games . generally , they are satisfyingly challenging , and the `` engine '' is still the best there is . no other games i have done have such natural running , jumping , and swimming . also , mac versions are better than windows . for example , the windows trilogy , in tr I , has lara a bunch of speckles rather than a well defined figure.all this does tr 5 little good . it is made of four different segments of 3 or 4 levels each , with each segment comprising a different unrelated story . these segments are like rejects from past potential levels , as if they were tv pilots that didnt make it into series . for example , `` rome '' is reminiscent of `` venice '' , but without the charm or inspiration . the sinking sub is like the maria doria levels . the irish island section is admittedly spooky , but , annoyingly , the action keeps being taken over by cut scenes . also , it is more implausible than dinosaurs and atlantean monsters . the last levels , von croys headquarters , are hard , but nothing else . they are deus ex like , but without the mission choices , the stealth , and the sense of purpose . also there are bugs . tr 5 is the only one i couldnt get through without cheating , but it turned out that when i became stuck , the problem was related to saving bugs . i wonder whether this was done on purpose to make the game harder . medkits are rare and there is an impossible shooting range . however , none of this lends to the appeal of the game , as these levels are pedestrian and have none of the attraction of the nevada levels . the level editor seems too complicated to be useful ; i doubt many people edit levels.in summary , this game is typically tomb raider , but without the inspired levels of the past . no hidden valley , no barkhang monastery , no madubu gorge , no train . i would buy the other trs first , and only buy 5 to have the complete set . i hope # 6 reverts back to the style of the the first four .
 I bought this game shortly after buying my MacBook and was very disappointed to find out that the game does not work on Mac OSX . And since the new MacBook no longer supports classic mode , this game is useless . Make sure you read the fine print to ensure this game is compatible with your system before you buy .
 Beware ! Tomb Raider Chronicles is not for new iMacs . It is for older classic Macs only .
 Even on the first race at the first level , one wreck and you ca n't win the first race , which means you ca n't get any money to fix the truck , which means you have to completely restart . No demo mode , no practice mode . Bad design , bad game , frustrating and getting rid of . More trouble than it 's worth . My 9 year old and I both tried and neither could win even one lap of the first race .
 I got this game for my kids . They love curious George . But , the game is way too difficult for them to play . I am a veteran gamer and it was rather frustrating and difficult for me to play myself.Long story short , I would n't recommend this title .
 It 's dreadful . Nothing fits in there . Do n't waste your time with this product .
 Maybe it 's just me , but this product does not do what it 's intended for . I can fit the console in the bag with one cord . Other than that , I have to carry around a completely separate bag with me for all the other Wii stuff -LRB- controllers , games , etc. -RRB- I would get the messenger style bag . At least that holds the system , the cords and a couple other accessories .
 I like the bag , but it is a little small . It hold the console , maybe a game or two . It now big enough to hold the accessories though .
 I purchased this and replaced the lens . Now the xbox will not even reconise that a dvd has been placed in the drive . I will spin the dvd and act like it is going to read it , but nothing
 I thought i was getting a fishing controller for playstation 2 it is for xbox . you need to change that on line so people do n't get the wrong controller .
 Remember Acclaim ? You know , that third party publisher that released so many licensed comic book and movie-based games from the 16-bit to 128-bit era ? A few years ago they finally went under , but when they did , there were a few games they had slated that never saw the light of day . Made Man was one of them , and now it 's finally here on the PS2 at a budget price . However , even at a budget price , Made Man still feels like you 're getting ripped off . Why is this ? Because the game is unbelievably frustrating and contains a slew of gameplay bugs that given all the time this game was in development , should have been fixed . You play as Joey , a mafia guy looking to get , well , made . That 's about as much to the story that 's worth figuring out , thanks to a slew of gameplay bugs that include frequent crashes and choppy dialogue . Not to mention that the game 's graphics look like a late in life PS1 game , the controls are horrible , the game 's camera is schizoid , and the enemy AI is non-existant . Yeah , if you ca n't tell by now , Made Man is an unbelievably bad game that should have stayed stuck in development hell . Avoid , it 's not even worth a look from the most die hard of GTA-style gamers .
 Give your money to a publisher that values you and their own product . NCSoft does n't deserve your money and it will only break your heart when it closes your game and your characters are taken from you .
 why give money for a terrible game that will probably be shut down prematurely anyway ? horrid game from a horrid publisher with horrid customer service and relations .
 NCSoft is a horrible company to deal with , they have a long history of canceling successful MMOs and leaving fans out cold . MMOs are a great social experience and they become a significant part of the player 's life . If you value those aspects , then do n't look at anything published by this company . Sooner than later they WILL cancel the game on you .
 NCsoft has proven itself yet again as an MMO killing machine , with the recent announcement of the closure of the popular City of Heroes franchise , they seek to sell as many games as possible and run the game for a short while before ultimately closing the servers as they have done many times in the past . They also have no interest to remain active in the Western market so any money received from us will be taken with little intent to allow us to get what we 've paid for .
 This item was listed that it would fit ps2 slim and also ps2 well my son has the ps2 slim and we did n't open the box cause i read it said fits xbox and ps3 so yeah was n't even the right one the description was different on the site then it was when we got the item . i did get my money refund on amazon credit but had to pay shipping not credit back co was ok to deal with . but really check into the descriptions on the site cause sometimes if the co is selling it on amazon then it can be different from their store too . found that out .
 Like many of the other previous reviewers , I bought the game because the demo was outstanding . I 'm finding in practice that the game really does n't measure up , however.To Ground Control 's credit , this is probably the best 3D land-based RTS game to come out yet . However , it still does n't manage to escape from a lot of the shortcomings of its fellow 3D RTS 's . The nature of 3D RTS , at least so far , seems to be that units are more ` realistically ' proportional to the terrain . While that may be nice on paper , in gameplay what it translates to is that you spend hours moving your units from one place on the map to the other , because they 're so small in proportion to the terrain . In fighting battles , you 're obligated to zoom out to such an extent that each unit is only a blip of a few pixels on your screen -- not much fun to watch or look at while directing the troops.I do n't find the elimination of resource management to be a plus for Ground Control . What that ends up meaning is that there is no reinforcement available for you to build or buy ; you ca n't simply play and have fun if you want to try different things in a mission . You have to carefully and tediously position your units so as to incur as few losses as possible . Add to this the fact that there is NO in-game saving in Ground Control , and you find yourself playing very carefully and tediously indeed.Topping this off , there just is n't a good story happening here to keep you interested . It 's mostly told through the thoughts of the two side commanders rather than through good character and dialog . The cutscenes are hands-down the worst I 've ever seen -- they are videos of the game engine , it looks like , and they 're so badly compressed that they look like they 're being streamed over the web -- blocky , blurry , and awful to watch.On the positive side , the game does look great , especially when you zoom in close to the units fighting . It plays better on lower-end systems than other games of its type , but you 'll still need a blistering machine if you want to see it in its full glory.Be warned also that it 's not entirely stable . A patch was released the day after it hit retail , but not all of the bugs are out of it . One of the worst is that it will crash on completion of a mission , and you do n't get credited with the mission . I 've spent more hours replaying because of this than I 'd care to admit.As a former Army officer , I think there are some cool tactical things happening in Ground Control that have n't been modeled well in other games -- friendly fire , fire support , formations -- but in the end , when all is said and done , I have to say that the game just is n't that much fun to play.You 're getting 90 % of the experience in the demo . If it really floats your boat after seeing it , then maybe you should try it . Other than that , buyer beware .
 The sad thing about Ground Control is that it could have been great . The game in and of itself , though , is n't . Regardless of how beautifully the sprites are rendered , or how great the specular lighting is , the game at its core has to be what counts . Well , folks , there ai n't much at the core of this game.This is not to say the game is _ all _ bad . The graphics , for example , are top notch . Take an artillery piece and force fire at the ground during a night mission . You will truly experience what graphics cards are for . The camera control is one of the easiest I 've ever seen to negotiate . The sounds are good , too . The unit designs are just plain cool ; works of art that someone put a lot of thought into . They look ... just right
 After downloading the most recent video and audio drivers from my computer manufacture , updating my Bios ... and downloading the 1008 patch from Sierra it still wo n't start . I 'm not a computer geek . I do n't want to reinvent an operating system or sit around for 3 hours downloading this and upgrading that just to make a da-n game , that I paid more for than a family trip to the movies , run like it should have out of the box . If Sierra fixes this game so it works , mabe I can actually review it . But for now , RETURN .
 This game is fun if you can get it running . That 's a pretty big if though . On 2 computers , I could n't get this game to run on windows 98 . On another computer , the briefings had problems . Then , there are the performance problems on some cards that run other games just like it fine . I downloaded all the patches , but no go . ... ... ... Everyone has real mode CD-ROM drivers ! Download the demo , or borrow a copy before you buy this game .
 What can i say about this game that will bring it from the ashes . Frankly nothing , its terrible . It took me around three days just to get it working and then it still constantly crashed . When i finaly did get to play , i found the levels were boring , repetative and dull . I 'm a big fan of strategy games , and out of the recent titles i have bought this has got to be the worst . If you have already ordered this then cancel and treat yourself to a good strategy game like `` Shogun '' or my preference `` Dogs of War '' .
 Ground Control could have been awesome , but it falls flat onit 's face . The version I purchased ... was a complete wash out . It was full of bugs and problems that any gamer does not want to hassle with . There were consist errors in the game itself and do n't even try to do multiplayer , you will end up using a few choice words at the computer . Take my advice , buy The Sims , it is far better and full of no bugs . Maxis knows how to put a game together , Sierra does not ! Do n't let the graphics fool you , Ground Control has too many issues and does not allow for a clean game playing experience . Oh yeah and if you are really looking to buy it be warned , you can only control one side . There is no option to be the `` bad guys . '' Most RTS 's allow this . So there it is . Two thumbs down and all that jazz . Do n't bother wasting the money or time . ...
 I waited 8 weeks for amazon to ship this title , the whole time the web site said 2-3 days - it was never in stock at all . Multiple phone calls multiple email and they still have not updated the web page . amazon gets lowest marks possible.But good game ...
 THis game is not as good as I anticipated from the reviews . The motion is choppy , control response is poor and my computer locks up during game play . I opened it and now I have to keep it . Keep away from this one .
 i got this game the other day thinking it would work on my computer it does not sound good , the color is bad and the music sticks i have windows me if you are thinking of buying this game dont unless you have 95/98 thats all
 Ehh , it looked good on paper and the sound is fine when I actually got it to work with television . Since that was n't my purpose , I 'm a bit disappointed . I guess that makes me the bad shopper .
 I bought this product looking for a cheap 5.1 it is just a glorified stereo . It sounds good that 's not the issue the issue is it is not true 5.1 just a heads up to the next poor sap that thinks he is getting a great deal , but if 2 ch stereo is all you are looking for it a great system for the price bass sounds good
 I brought that speakers from gamestop like 4 years ago . Is totally useless . I return it like less than a week . Little improvement . I brought my self z-680 cost over 100 more , and i never look back . Problem is that those game speakers is a joke !
 Another underdevloped game based on a following from other forms of media . Another case of where , programmers spend little time on a Star Wars game , knowing that name alone will sell . I am a fan of Star Wars . Grew up with it since the first showing of A New Hope 's so long ago . I am also an experienced gamer of over 15 years and finished 60 games , give or take and played probably ten times that amount.For the record I accually can give no stars to this game . There are no pro 's here , only cons . This game is absolute garbage . At best , it 'd make a nice -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- coaster for a cool glass of ice-tea . This game not inovative at all . Details you want ? You got them ... 1 -RRB- Poor , repeat , Poor camera control , since you yourself have to control it any time you turn around . For some reason they found it to be neccesary to give you near 100 % control of the angles . This is all well and good , unless of coarse you are being attacked on a regular basis .2 -RRB- Among the best examples of lazy developing is its limited turning points . Unlike Metroid
 Metroid Prime is 100 times the game this is ! So I suggest you stick with Samus for your bounty hunter fix .
 Really , be honest . This has got to be the WORST LucasArts game out there , besides the fact that they all are really horrible . The game has no real objective , besides get the bounty on an alien , while shooting five hundred others that look exactly alike . The gameplay is like a broken record .1 st , you scan an alien .2 nd you capture him dead or alive .3 rd repeat the process for 18 levels , while being blasted by dozens of other aliens that do n't die until they have about fifty red hot laser beams in them.I really fooled myself buying this without renting it first ... I wasted -- dollars on a game that is n't worth two . The long and the short of it ? Do not buy this game , unless you like to be driven to the nearest padded room in a white coat ...
 I do n't think the people who developed this game actually played it before putting it on the market . To start , for a `` lucasarts '' game , it has very poor game-play graphics . The levels are long , boring , and tedious , with no puzzle solving , secrets , or character interaction . No blasting of windows , crates , buildings , or any of the other fun , scenery smashing stuff . Just run , strafe and shoot , shoot , shoot ! Collecting bounties is impossible for the most part , because you usually have fifty bad guys , all great marksmen , coming at you from all directions , and your just supposed to stop and say `` Wait a second guys , I need to scan you for bounties ... '' . No , instead you almost always perish in a blaze of unforgiving laser fire if you even think about trying to scan for bounties , which is , sadly , the point of the game ! I gave up on collecting bounties , and STILL could n't get through the game , and I swear I am a truly skilled player ! I 've beaten some of the hardest games ever , from all the Nintendo systems . I am an expert at games like `` the 007 series , Perfect Dark , Shadows of the Empire '' , etc. , and this game had me ready to snap the game-disk in half ! The game could have been great , but now it 's simply pointless , unless you like being frustrated ! I am so dissappointed , I 've written to `` Lucasarts '' to complain . I paid hard earned money for a hyped-up game with great expectations , and all I got was a migraine HEADACHE ! I 'm trading this one in ... I 'll just play `` METROID PRIME '' for 100th time . That game definetly sets the standards for ALL action/adventure type games . Truly AMAZING ! Way to go NINTENDO/RETRO ... we pray for another . `` Lucasarts '' ... get a clue , will ya ? You need a good re-staffing . -LRB- ... Unbelievable -RRB-
 The first time I heard of this game I thought it was a must have . I thought it would be awesome to play as my favorite star wars character . In fact , once I got a Gamecube , it was the first game I got . Here are the pros and cons of Star Wars
 This game is utterly terrible . They could have made this game so much more better . Instead of actually getting credits to buy possibly different items , your credits are turned into secret pictures which is terrible . Every bounty you get will reveal a different concept art piece , so basicly it ruins the bounty part of the game with an also bad storyline and plot . I would stick to either Metroid Prime or RE and RE0 , which are much better combat games . This game also had bad camera angles so unless you are some person who likes to look at pictures and a comic book do n't buy this game . There is 0 replay value too which adds to this disaster .
 This Games Blows because it 's so logical . You have to get through puzzles and stuff . Its not even fun to use the jetpacks.Its disapointing . If your hurting for some real star wars action , I highly recommend Star wars jedi knight 2 Jedi outcast .
 This is the absolute last game I will be buying from Lucas Arts until I try said game out via rental first . Frankly , the quality and design of this game is an embarrassment to it 's producers and an insult to SW fans.The game as advertised : The game promises bounty hunter action , flying about as the dreaded Jango , ruthlessly collering wanted bounties in a world realized by the graphical power of the gamecube.The game as it is : One of the first thing you 'll notice is the poor graphics . Really , when I loaded up this game I thought I was back on the N64 . While there are a few good bits , most of the graphics consist of pasty textures with little or no detail -LRB- rooms are just a series of rectangles -RRB- . Anyone who has played Metroid Prime will see an immediate world of difference between these two games . Metroid Prime was created by someone with a love of the game , BH looks like some flunking art students school project.If you think you 're going to be crusing the sky via jetpack , stealthily hunting bounties ? Think again . The jetpack is but a poor man 's booster , operating for about two seconds maximum . It 's bascially good for jumping a little higher.Forget stealth , their is n't any . In fact the idiot AI on this game can actually have you standing in a room in plain view of a bounty but as the AI is triggered by distance your enemy ca n't ` see ' you.Combat is equally sophisticated
 *** Spoilers alert *** In one of those rare instances where you play someone other than a Jedi in a Star Wars game , Bounty Hunter provided a very interesting and highly entertaining thrill-ride through the underbowels of Star Wars planets.Such levels as Coruscant take you from the roof tops of some of the middle-level buildings , to the lower levels where shady nightclubs and such are . Other levels take you to very interesting and highly lavishly built levels which provide a complex and interesting backstory as to how and why Count Dooku -LRB- pretending to be Syfo-Dias -RRB- chose Jango Fett to be the clone prototype for the Republic 's clone army.The gameplay is solid , and Jango is very powerful , and not invincible . His weapons are easy to figure out , and fun to use , and his jetpack is very useful in almost any situation . You have the ability to lock on to opponents with your guns , though this does not guarantee that all shots will hit , it certainly makes it easier when shooting and attempting to evade a flurry of blaster bolts hurled at you , and you not being a Jedi deflecting them with a lightsaber.Unfortunately for a well crafted game , its biggest and ultimately fatal flaw is that it has absolutely no replayability . It has a relatively short campaign of some 12 missions or so , and that is it . There is no multiplayer , either online or with other controllers , there are no additions to the campaign or non-storyline battles you can do . There is only the campaign , and once that is over , you are essentially done with the entire game . Perhaps waiting a year would make it worth playing again , but otherwise this is not a game you should buy expecting too much .
 Bounty Hunter is a mediocre , glitchy shoot-em-up with one of the worst set of controls I 've ever encountered on the GCN . I rented it for a weekend , and all I can say is that I 'm glad I did n't waste my money.Word of warning to GCN owners
 Looking at the promotions and reviews of the game , I decided to purchase it and unfortunately it was a huge dissapointment . All I have to say is play either Metroid Prime or Jedi Knight Outcast and them play Bounty Hunter . You too will be disapointed . THe idea and concept of the game is awesome , I just wish more time had been put into the graphics and game play . Once again Lucas disapoints .
 This is possibly the worst video game ever made . You have a machine gun and are supposed to shoot down enemy planes . You do n't see the planes until they are right in front of you for about one second before they fly overhead . This game probably took about half an hour to make from start to finish . It is completely two dimensional , it has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever . I was completely tired of it after about 15-20 seconds of playing . I gave it one star because that 's the lowest rating available . The actual rating would be about negative 4 stars . Do n't buy it .
 OK ... this game looks like something made for Windows 3.1 or games from around the early Win95 era . BUT ... the one good thing ... there is a nice historical feature - when you start the game , you can either play or choose this option . You hear the radio broadcast of the Pearl news and see a full screen phote with FDR and all the congressmen seated around him as he stands at the podium and gives his famous `` Day of Infamy '' speech . Or you can view the time-line - I actually learned a fact or two that I did n't already know .
 This game tries to capitalize on the familiarity of the Pearl Harbor name.I was completely disappointed in 10 seconds and I have purchased lesser priced games knowing that there was a reason for the lower price . There is no conceivable reason for this game other than what it is , a complete rip-off !
 I 've played better games than this on the internet -LRB- WHAT EVER YOU DO DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON BUYING THIS GAME -RRB- by the way if you really want this game email me at ztcm1013@msn.com
 all of the ps one and ps2 codes just disappeared after 2 months of owning this product . ALL OF THE CODES DISAPPEARED !!! that was 150,000 codes that went into thin air with no way to get them back and with no warranty . UP YOURS AR !!!
 It only works 20 % of the time . It 's very rare that the PS2 reads it as a game disk and not an error disk . On top of that , when it is working well it sometimes freezes the console 's visuals . When It worked , it was great . But be careful , if you PS2 is not brand-spanking new , it wo n't work that well .
 I had the EXACT same problem . I 've been troubleshooting it for days now by doing the following : - Deleting/Reinstalling the Update for my system - Buying a brand-new OFFICIAL Sony PS2 memory card - Trying other PS2 's - Buying a GameSharkAll attempts end in the same result
 AVOID THIS PRODUCT , wait till PS3 with it 's Hard drive an hope something better will come out.Memory cards are flash memory an flash memory is FRAGILE , one whoops an it 's destroyed.Damn to hell Sony for making us pop 25 bucks a memory card in the first place.BAD : STAY AWAY FROM MAX MEMORY MANAGER ... DO NOT LOAD GAME SAVES FROM THE INTERNET ONTO YOUR MEMORY CARDS . IT WILL CORRUPT AN DESTROY YOUR MEMORY CARD/CARDS . One memory card is worth more than this stupid thing . I lost two memory cards an ALL my bazillion hours of gameplay.ALSO ... the disc sucks , when the PS2 is warm , it wo n't recognize the disc & if you break or mess the disc up , no way you can make a copy of it an use that . Your screwed ! I had to reset the PS2 over 6 times before it loaded this disc . An yes , my PS2 is in TOP condition.The code menu is n't categorized in alphabetical sub menus , you have to scroll ALL the way down it -LRB- takes a minute to get from A to Z -RRB- . GOOD : The codes work an it 's great to whip through a game that was driving you nuts or stressing you out before.If you have complaints , call Datels US office -LRB-727-RRB-431-0650
 this product is a WASTE OF MONEY . It has a history of corrupting memory cards as i 've found out too late . you memory card gets erased and you can no longer use it at all . this happened to me on the second day that i owned the Max Drive -LRB- action replay - EVO -RRB- . there is no customer service at all and you basically kiss your $ $ goodbye for this thing as well as completely ruin your memory card.DO NOT BUY !!!
 I have just got this Action Replay Max Evo at my door today . My PS2 is a V10 model which is fairly new and in good condition but for some reason or another the playstation 2 's having problems reading this disc -LRB- IT 'S BECAUSE OF IT 'S BLUE BOTTOM SURFACE -RRB- my ps2 made so much noise over just trying to boot this cheap cheat disc -- THE ONLY THING I WANTED THIS DAME THING FOR WAS TO BACKUP MY MEMORY CARDS AND DOWNLOAD GAME SAVES AND CHEATS NOTHING MORE -RRB- I only got it today and it booted up once with no trouble but sence then its a pain to have to try like 20 times to get it to read the disc ... They claim it has muilt-media software to burn mp3 cds and movie cds and some memory card manager app it 's all bull crap if you ask me they offer up nothing more then cheap crap discs that wo n't work spend 15 bucks on a codebreaker instead of paying 40 bucks for this lame junk !!!!!!! BUT
 Do not purchase . I have bought 2 copies of this and in both instances , it worked for the first 3 months and then would n't go online to download codes nor would it even load the codes already stored on the flash card . This rendered both copies useless . Customer service is non-existent both on their website and by phone . When you call them -LRB- not toll free -RRB- , you get an answering maching asking to leave your name and number for someone to call you back . So far , no one has returned my call and I have two $ 40 coasters now . Stay away , stay very far away from this product or any of their other AR products since I 've had similar problems with all of their products .
 I bought this product thinking that I will get the code for a specific game and is not in the disc , is in their website and I did try to upload it to the usb that comes with the disc and is impossible , and Id try to call the company that sales it and is just a big mess , I also email it 3 times and still waiting for their answer . NO BUENO
 It 's a great concept , and a really beautiful game ... someone really spent a lot of time designing and modelling here . It 's such a pity that the actual gameplay fails so miserably.Poor pathfinding and sluggish controls -LRB- including your actual mouse cursor , even on a high-end system -RRB- plague the game . The interface is also less-than-intuitive , although with a few minutes spent with it you can figure it out quite well.The control , in theory , is very well done . You can move the camera pretty much anywhere you want around the character , and it all works pretty well . Unfortunately , you still have to deal with the fact that the mouse cursor itself moves sluggishly and skips about , regardless of the graphical settings.On top of this , the pathfinding is frankly terrible , as I said before . Combat is also quite excellent , in theory , but the execution fails miserably . The idea is that you can strike and dodge in real-time using the movement keys , and for the most part this works . Combat seems very , very painfully slow , though , and the difficulty of doing any targetting with the sluggish mouse makes it easy to be quickly killed because you could n't click on an opponent that 's circling you.All in all , Mistmare would 've been an amazing game if they 'd just gotten the controls right . I * want * to play this game through , I really do , but I just ca n't sit through more than 30 seconds of the control problems . Now , if they release a patch fixing some things , I would absolutely love it .10 out of 10 for potential , 1 out of 10 for execution . I just ca n't give the eye-candy points because I ca n't play the game long enough to see anything compelling . ** quick addition ** After reading the review below -LRB- Thanks for the idea -RRB- , I did some checking up on systems . The high-end system thing is right , but you can go all the way down to an 800 MHz Pentium 3 and it still is n't happy . If things get fixed to a respectable degree , this review will change to a 5 out of 5 , rather than the 1/5 it 's got now . I just ca n't rate a game highly if I ca n't play it .
 I 'll play almost any adventure game , but I could n't stand this one . I got it cheap , but it is too expensive at any price . I played it for a few nights and gave up . People are not kidding about how hard it is to control the game . I ended up clicking in the wrong place accidentally and had to start a whole chapter over . The fighting is too hard and is n't any fun . The dialog is long and boring and you just read it .
 THIS GAME IS NOT LIKE THE ONES I PLAY ON NINTENDO . VERY SLOW AND TOTALLY DIFFERENT FROM WHAT I THOUGHT IT WAS.STICK TO THE NINTENDO VERSION OR YOU WILL BE VERY DISSAPOINTED .
 So-so graphics.NO detectable save system - you die , you start over ... AND you can die during the training missions , result = start over.No pre-mission strategy and/or prep-screen -LRB- sometimes I would like to pick my own insertion point , weapons , support , etc. . -RRB- I bought this game at some computer expo for 1/3 price
 The graphics in this game are even worse than games that are 7 years older.There are no quicksaves or medpacks , and even on the easiest setting you ` reconstantly getting killed , then you have to start over from the beginning ofthat mission . On top of all this , the game simply is n't fun . I have never writtena review before , but feel compelled to , so hopefully someone will heed this warningand not waste their money . Its not worth getting at any price .
 My sister and I got this game for christmas one year . It is an ok game but could be better . First off you get the create your character by giving her a name and changing her hat color , shirt color , pants color , boot color , and hair color . Then you customize your horse give it a name and choose its coat color , mane color , saddle pad color , and saddle color . One thing i really hated about this game is that when you groom your horse you can only click on it with a brush and it whinnys . You can also give it an apple and a carrot but it just disappears , no sound no mouth movement . When you ride you hop on your horse and choose practice , competition , or pasture . If you go to practice you ride around barrelracing . If you choose compition you ride around doing barrel racing but you are trying to get a good time . Then if you go to pasture you are doing different Barrel-related events . There are only 5 events ... which i beat in less than 30 minutes !! and for competition ... beat that in less that 15 minutes !! ALL you get to do is barrel race the whole time i really wish they would have added more events . So overall i beat the game in less than an hour :-LRB- ... Maybe the game is for younger kids but it really has noting to do except barrel racing !!! hope this helped !
 you can play this game for a week and like it but you get bored with it theres only 3 tracks and they dont have the color palamino or the mane color palamino but theres 1 thing cool about it you can unlock the colors zebra and giraffe . and the black looks like brown and the black mane looks like brown . so save your money dont buy it
 I returned the Indigo Intec Gamecube screen I purchased at Best Buy a few days ago . Unless you sat directly in front of the screen , images and colors blurred to the point where games were almost unplayable - dual play was out of the question ! In addition , the unit pictured on the box clearly had two earphone jacks and the screen in the box had only one . I called Intec , Inc in Miami and explained my problem and my concern that perhaps I 'd purchaed an older unit . To my astonishment , the gentleman assured me that I had the most recent Intec screen , and yes , the older screens had a much sharper picture and had two earphone jacks . This is the first time I 've ever encountered an electronics firm actually dumbing down the same product and keeping the same model number even as the techology screams ahead . I 've since found a 2002 5.6 '' Intec screen -LRB- same Model # ! -RRB- with much superior video , sound and controls at Toys-R-Us that works great . Bottom line is BEWARE of what you 're buying , especially since Intec does n't seem to change the model number even though the product is very different . There are still some of the older models out there . I would difinitely avoid any of their screens if the end flap on the box says 2003 or newer .
 an XBox screen -LRB- 7.2 -RRB- will also work and it is much bigger for $ 150 the PS2 screen is 5.4 for the same price get a PS2 screen they just dont slide on the system which is n't the end of the world . If you want a screen that fits get this one but the others are easier to see . This screen is so small that it is very hard to read small print unless if your face is close to the screen . Bottomline is that the other screens are better for their value .
 With this you are getting a controller -LRB- with turbo feature -RRB- a 4mb -LRB- small variety -RRB- memory card , and a controller extension cord . I found the controller worked fine for some games but other games were more sensitive and the controller did not callibrate properly . I ended up trading the controller in for a couple bucks . The memory card is too small to be useful . . nintendo even stopped making them of this size . The extension cord is the only thing I ever use from this pack now and better ones can be had cheaply . Do n't waste your money . Stick with the genuine nintendo controllers and memory cards it 's not worth the minimal cost savings buying this as it 's not high quality anything .
 The memory card does n't work , and the `` Z '' button on the controller dos n't work ... have n't tried the extension cord yet .
 BEWARE , I BOUGHT THIS GAME AND AFTER SEARCHING WHAT WAS THE PROBLEM WITH THE INSTALLATION I FOUND OUT THAT MAC WITH SYSTEM LION DOES N'T RUN POWER PC , THAT ISNECESSARY TO RUN THIS GAME.NOW I WANT TO RETURN IT AND IT 'S OUT OF DATE !! ... INCREDIBLE
 DO NOT buy this game , do n't even take it if it 's free . I have a computer that is 3 times as better as they listed in the requirements , and the game is almost unplayable -LRB- laggs way more than the first one -RRB- . The game has more features comparing to the first one , but it 's worthless when you ca n't even play it . The menues are fine , all the options are fine , but when you try to take a ride ... you 're screwed . I lowered the resolution to the least that I could -LRB- 538 x 340 -RRB- with low texture details and shadow settings off , it still lagged . It 's not worth the furstration . In this game I see so much potential , but no results ; I 'm very dissapointed .
 I 've been playing the Heroes series from I to III . I did n't bother with IV because it had poor reviews and looks terrible.This game is all graphics . It plays painfully slow , and requires you to move the camera around to see anything . The units are cool , but they all have abilities that will take forever to remember what they do . The game comes only with a handful -LRB- literally -RRB- of maps that only one or two allow you to play the faction of your choice.The combat is the same as Heroes III mostly , though heroes can fight too . It 's actually one of the good things of the game.If you want to play a map on HOMM V , expect to spend a few hours as it seems to take forever to play . Oh , you better have a good graphics card and lots o'RAM , cause this game is a resource hog .
 Quite a bit like HoMM3 with graphical and skill improvements . The feel of the game is alright , and while not quite as enjoyable as No. 3 its still very entertaining . Unlike most people I enjoyed No. 4 , but this is still a good version of HoMM that you will probably enjoy if you liked the previous titled.The reason I give it 1 star overall is the copy protection . I own the box version of this game . 3/4 of the time I stick it in the drive it asks me to insert the regular disk and not the back up . I absolutely HATE this crap - like that stardock garbage from a few years ago . UBISOFT - if your idiot programmers ca n't come up with some better version of copy protection then you should stop making games .
 As a HUGE fan of Heroes I , II , III and even IV , Heroes V came as a big disapointment to me . For one there is no autosave which was great with the others . The game had great graphics with the factions but I was n't too thrilled about the creature graphics . I have a big problem about creatures that are n't proportionate . It 's ridiculous to have arms and legs that are twice as large as you torso or hands that are bigger than your body . I know this is fantasy but come on . There were also very few maps ; hardly enough maps to put out on a game . Overall , I hate the game . If the other Heroes had played like this I would have never have liked them and I 've been playing them for 10 years .
 I love the HOMM series with the following exceptions -LRB- playstation version and pc version 5 -RRB- There are some excellent reviews written on the game . I want to add my frustrations to the growing list of lack of description and maps ... 1
 The game is great.However , the installation limitations on the game are not great . I had 4 harddrives crash on me -LRB- in quick succession -RRB- . So , being extremely frustrated at certain manufacturers I was looking forward to some R&R ; with the game . However , they have a limit on the amount of times it can be installed . And their support is no good.Buy the game - just not using download .
 I 'd love to write a full review about this game , but Ubisoft will not fix a critical issue . Yes , even with patch v1 .2 If your computer is part of a network , and you backup up your My Documents folder using offline file synchronization , you can not play this game for any length of time . Oh sure , it will load up and run , but you can not save games . Unfortunately , this is not listed as part of the criteria for playing the game -- that you can not recall your saved games if you are -LRB- like most intelligent people do -RRB- , backing up your files . Ubisoft responds to this by saying : `` The game will not save correctly to or work correctly if the My Documents folder is being stored on a network drive and apparently this was intentional . This was called for byMicrosoft Windows XP guidelines for developers . `` So Ubisoft is saying that the game will not work on a network where users synch their files to the server , that they blame Microsoft -LRB- which makes no sense -RRB- , and that they do not consider this an issue worthy of addressing . Oh wait , except I paid $ 55 for a couple of useless CD 's and a lot of wasted time trying to fix the issue .
 The game is great , but if you have a windows xp other than 2000 -LRB- which I do Windows xp 2002 home edition -RRB- one can not save any games . This is awful , not being able to ever save . REALLY BAD
 could n't get this to work on either my new system or my old system.Went crashola . Then it offered to send a bug report to microsoft.I want my money back !
 I send this game back because it was advertized as E for everyone when it was really rated T for Teens . It was my 10 year old son who had wanted it . It was also not noted that this product will not work on your computer unless you have a new type of graphics card . So ... if your computer is a few years old , do n't buy this game .
 Please check carefully the specs before buying . Not for integrated video card . The grahpic maker for the game sucks .
 The game looks nice but except from the graphics nothing else has been changed from the previous version.You should by this game only if you missed playing heroes but do not expect much from it .
 I am very dissapointed in this title . I will not buy another in this series , and I urge noone else to either . However , I am selling mine on here for 25 % of the cost I paid for it today . Perhaps someone with bad taste will appreciate this terrible game .
 I 've played all the HMM games and was really looking forward to this one too . I was extreamly disappointed with it . I did not like the new graphics , they seemed too cartoony to me . They did away with caravans which I enjoyed in HMM4 . I enjoy playing the side quests more than I enjoy the Main quests and HMM5 did n't have very many of them . An OK game but not worth $ 49.99 . If you 're a HMM fan - wait for the price to go down .
 There are three important things you should know before buying this game .1 -RRB- The game installs spyware on your computer and sends information back to Ubi Soft without your explicit permission . They have a vague statement in the user agreement , but do not specify what information they are collecting . According to Spy Sweeper the spy Heroes 5 installs is high risk . The only solution that I know if you want to play the game on a PC connected to the Internet is to have a good firewall program that blocks the Ubi soft spyware . Personally , I find this tactic by Ubi soft to be unethical .2 -RRB- The game is slow . So slow that on my PC is an AMD X2 Dual Core Processor and 2 GB of RAM that it is unplayable . I loaned the game to two friends -LRB- hoping to sell it actually -RRB- , but it the game would not even run on either of their PCs .3 -RRB- The last bit of info brings me to point three
 I can not with good conscience recommend this game to any potential shopper.As a true and decades long fan of the Heroes of Might and Magic series , I must admit to being so very disappointed with this game out of the box . I enjoy the strategy and tactics that HOMM has always offered , but HOMM 5 is too limited in scope to rise to the challenge.As a casual player , I just want to play Heroes without a time constraint or shifting objectives which is what the vast majority of the game out of the box is all about . I have never really enjoyed playing the previous campaigns , and that is in essence all that is included in this game . The six individual scenarios are scaled down campaigns that have shifting objectives or else you can lose without even combating any opponent.The potential for HOMM 5 remains . It can be a successful game even in my eyes . But Ubisoft -LRB- distributor -RRB- and Nival -LRB- game producer -RRB- are incredibly slow and unresponsive in setting up promised patches and increasing the limited variety of gameplay .
 It is imposible to download!I tryed for 10 times , spending few hours and until now , i did not succed ... no comment !
 I have been a big fan of all the Heroes games . I came in at II , LOVED III and thought there were some good improvements with IV ... And then came V. I was really hoping for better graphics and it almost looks like a lot of detail was lost in making this a `` 3D '' game . The graphics actually look worse then the previous games . The creatures are less detailed and look more cartoon like . The towns look poor as well . I do n't see any improvements in this new version . I only see a big disappointment .
 The game is beautiful , the graphics are amazing , the gameplay is very interesting . However , there is a neverending lag . My computer exceeds the game requirements and i do n't know where the lag is coming from . The game would 've been great if it was n't for the lag .
 This game sucks . It was released in May of 2006 . I bought it in 2008 . Since I had purchased a state of the art PC in Feruary of 2007 with a top notch video card , I felt satisfied I would be able to run the game , but NO ! It causes my PC to freeze and lock up when I play it . I contacted the publisher and was instructed to download and install all the latest video and audio drivers -LRB- which I did -RRB- and my PC still froze when I was playing this game . I updated my DirectX drivers from 9.0 to 9.0 c -LRB- the latest version for win XP users -RRB- and still no help . According to the publisher 's own utility , my PC has more than enough power to run the game , but it does n't run for long without locking up and forcing me to reboot . I have installed and played several other applications and high end games in the past two years -LRB- even WoW -RRB- and none of them have locked up my PC like this POS game . I loved the earlier version of Heroes of Might and Magic -LRB- III & IV -RRB- and they worked great on my PC but they were published by 3DO . This game -LRB- Heroes 5 -RRB- was written and published by Ubisoft , who apparently does n't know how to write a successful interface . Since I had to open the box to install the game to find out it would n't work on my machine , I can not return it for a refund . My advice
 I played HOMM until I got to the end of one of the senarios where it would lock up . I took the game back to the store two times , But the game still froze up at the end of the same senario . So I sent the game back to the company like I have done before with other game companies . Ubisoft sent my game back to me with a letter saying I had to call , Or email them for payment info before they could fix the game , And top of that the game looked like someone stepped on it . It was smashed . I 'm not going to pay them to fix a game they could not make right in the first place . I sent the game back to them with a letter of my own . I never had this problem with any of the other game companies , Because they would just send me a new game , & I did n't have to pay anything . I think Ubisoft is owned by Foreigners , & all they care about is getting more money .
 `` Heroes of Might and Magic V '' is a giant step backwards for not only its previous incarnations but for strategy gaming in general.Moves towards greater story , town , hero , troop and combat development have been completely abandoned and the game bears only a slight similarity to the Might and Magic series.The races and their units have more in common with Kohan or Age of Wonders then they do with the Might and Magic series . The campaign game is not only linear , there are no choices to make at all ! Simply solve one goal to move onto the next , often to find out that what you were doing was pointless because of a `` plot '' twist . Artifacts , wealth , generally your accomplishments in the previous campaign DO NOT carry over to the next step of the campaign . Many of the missions lack a city or army building component whatsoever and become forced marches on a board you can only get through by multiple attempts to uncover the best route.The storyline is generic and lacks imagination . It is poorly written as well . In the opening sequence , just after the future Queen has her wedding crashed by demons she laments
 The game Heroes V is sweet . Its the coolest RPG game I 've ever played . However buying the download version from amazon was the worst idea I 've ever had . 1.5 hours my @ $ $ ... Try multiple 3 hour plus downloads and I still have n't even got the game to install !! I 'm extremely upset . If anyone has any ideas on how to better my experience please help ! I 've tried all the trouble shooting stuff and nothing is working . Do n't ever buy a download what a waste of a day and my money ...
 Really liked the pc HMM3 version so was delighted to see an iPad app , but this totally sucks . Difficult controls , ca n't get heros into the castles , crashes every other turn and displays upside down . Save your money .
 I played Heroes III and loved it . I 've played Heroes V for about 6 hours now ; below is a list of the differences I have noticed so far : the combat maps are grids rather than hexesthe graphics are 3d instead of 2dThat 's it . I am using the exact same tactics I used in Heroes III . The units are all the same , the unit upgrade progression is the same , the buildings are the same . All the little things to find on the world map are the same . The hero 's skills are the same.The graphics are better than Heroes III . We get 3d graphics which look like they were ripped off from Warcraft III ... which were pretty slick in 2002 . Not exactly state-of-the-art right now.About the plot . You 've got 6 scenarios , and the idea is you play through them in sequential order . You click on the first one and are taken to a subscreen where it lists out the five subcampaigns to the scenario . The problem is that just by reading the subcampaign names and the single-sentence description of each map you now know exactly what all the `` plot twists '' are going to be . It 's a miserable way to tell a story . Let me give you an example
 argh ... I love HOMM series and played every one of them . Also played the entire series of Age of Wonders.Heroes 5 has got to be the worst possible candidate to have 3D worldview . I kept moving around trying to click the heroe to touch an object of interest and missing it because the damn 3D view is never accurate . And it runs slow as a turtle on my Dell 8600 notebook.My recommendation is to skip it . The 3D worldview is as useless as it gets and Ubisoft does not get it for some reason . They also made Scrabble 3D and it is so damn slow and crappy that I rather play a free version with nothing more than lines and letters than their version . Stuff like that just boggles the mind . Why make something so pretty and but unplayable and adds no value?SKIP this game and get Age of Wonders or whatever else is out there . Maybe Ubisoft will finally get it right one of these days .
 this game was appearantly rushed out , i have a fairly new dell that i ordered especially for gaming and before i could play the game , i had to install 3 patches before the game would run , the game freezes when you try and save it before battles , when your in the city and trying to move troops from the garrison to your army , frankly it is a royal pain , you putan army group over a block in your army and it takes forever to place them in , the game has excellent graphics but i was disappointed when you enter the cloud city is darkened out , to the graphics and new presentation of a great game was wasted in poor execution
 This is a great game , but lag/slow jerkiness makes it essentially unplayable -- and I have WELL above the minimum requirements in regard to my system .
 It 's heroes trying to be world of warcraft.I lost all faith in this series due to this bloody product.I beg of you , do n't buy this , do n't contribute to disappointment in this world !
 I was hooked on this series since it started and own versions 2 and 3 with the expansion packs . It is one of the most fun series I 've ever seen . I purchased version 5 as soon as it was available but was extremely dissapointed . It took 3 attempts to load it successfully and then I could n't get the scenarios to run . Ubisoft customer support was quick to point out that no intel video is supported . I run all the other games on my Toshiba Satellite M45 but they 've decided that this version needs more . I strongly recommend visiting the ubisoft forum and looking at all the issues before purchase . If you 've got a system it will run on I 'm sure you 'll love it .
 This is easy to install but slow to run . I have a pretty decent machine I got in 2006 but this thing just runs in molasses . I really do n't get why they make something so slow that it is unusable ? My advice is not to waste your money .
 Was hopeful and perhaps deceived by some of the very good cinematics that came out before game release.A legitimate effort was made to implement at least partial 3d while preserving an impressive level of details . However , overall graphics are very awkard , a bit bulky , characters out of proportion . Finding puzzles locations can become ridiculously difficult to locate . Initially liked the impressive towns graphics but quickly becomes cumbersome.Story a bit weak . Music is as always very good . Overall reduction in fun vs heroes 3 and 4 .
 Do they even have hunting or know anything about it in Romania ? They cleary do n't know much about it which explains why your run out of breath after five seconds in the game and have to walk painfully slow 90 % of the time . Also you can walk around while you shoot which my dad would kick my ass for doing . It turns out Cabela 's Big Game Hunter , Cabela 's Deer Hunt 2004 , and Cabela 's Dangerous Hunts for the Playstation 2 , Xbox , and PC versions are all made in Romania . No wonder Sunstrom , the originator of the game went out of business here in Indiana . I was so pissed I returned this pile of garbage . Any self respecting American should do the same , or not buy any of these games in the first place . You think they could at least make a hunting game in the states . I 'm going to wait for Deer Hunter on the Playstaion 2 which is made in the good ole U.S.A. plus the PC version is way better than Cabela 's .
 To D'Ni and Path of the Shell are gorgeous , no doubt about that . Indeed , you may find yourself just walking around and gawking at the scenery . The designers have also done their usual fine job with sound.However , graphics can no more save a bad game than special effects can salvage a bad movie , and PotS 's problems lie where they count the most
 It 's tough to pick on the Myst team -LRB- s -RRB- for making a game that is too difficult ... that 's always been the appeal of Myst to me . However , the main puzzles in this game , while fun to play , are not likely solvable by most logic-puzzle gamers . The solutions are not very intuitive , and there are often few if any clues leading to the solution . Without spoiling anything , let me just say that you need to be patient ... VERY patient ... not just with yourself but with the puzzles themselves -LRB- i.e. , be prepared to do nothing at times -RRB- . I don ' ; t know how I could have gotten through this game without looking at a walkthrough for at least 4 of the key puzzle solutions . A mediocre effort by UbiSoft . Hopefully , Myst IV will be better .
 I loved Myst and especially Riven and was hoping that after a few let downs -LRB- I found the technical jumping and pushing and shoving parts in Uru a bit frustrating -RRB- , they might come up with a game that 's actually fun to play again . But no - instead of actual puzzles that challenge your intelligence , the only challenge seems to be how patient you are . You mostly waste your time linking back and forth from one location to another -LRB- i.e. mostly staring on a black page waiting for the game to load -RRB- or running the same path on some rocky island for the 100th time , in order to get to the linking book so you can stare at another blank screen loading again . This possibly is the most frustrating game I know ... I could handle some waiting and lots of trial and error if at least the visuals were rewarding , but as far as graphics are concerned , there 's not much improvement , except that your avatar is able to swim now . Besides that , the visuals are derivative and extremely similar to earlier Myst games . Seems like the creators really ran out of ideas this time ...
 What is up with this game ? Where are the puzzles?It is all reading and walking and running and jumping and swimming and linking and then back to relto and reading some more and linking via corridors and linking via shell cloths and reading some more and linking via age links and reading some more and linking and linking and linking some more and walking miles of sand and never getting to a puzzle then jumping some more and swimming some more and reading some more and linking again and never getting anywhere . Dead from physical exhaustion and brain dead from trying to read the minds of some weirdo programmers . This game is frustrating and humiliating and just plain tiring . The graphics are n't that great either.It 's been through pure determination that I was able to finish this game today and this is how I did it : I took the game back to from where I got it and asked for my money back . After hearing all the reasons I was n't getting my money refunded I took the disk out of it 's box and broke it in half and left it on the counter then walked away . There . Finished .
 Sure this game is pretty to look at but it is n't fun.I toiled through and finished URU and its first expansion pack but only after printing out the walkthrough and hundreds of visits to the URU forums . Now with path of the shell you ca n't even get to a puzzle without total frustration.Example ; You have to over and over again try to figure out how to jump from a rock to a place where some sort of puzzle is and this is only known from reading the walkthrough . It is n't fun and in contrast to the relaxing sounds and scenery , one simply gives up out of exhaustion and humiliation . I 've heard path of the shell is the last expansion pack in this series which is good . I will never try another one of these . Hopefully the makers of this game are all dead or dying .
 The game is okay . You ca n't rotate all exhibits/shows/food courts/resturants . Also the screen is locked in one position . Its not as fun as I thought it would be . I enjoy collecting tycoon games of all types and this was n't one of the best . I got from my teacher who said she got it off of amazon for me because she thought I would like it . Indeed , I was excited about this new game . But when I played it , I thought I could make a park just as good on Zoo Tycoon Marine Mania . If you are looking for a good game with sea creatures then I suggest Zoo Tycoon Marine Mania .
 In the words of the Sea Captain , `` thar ' she blows ! '' This game does n't come close to rivals RCT and ZT . The inability to design rides or attractions , the inability to rotate the screen and the inability to get money fast enough are just a few of this game 's flaws . It is not worth $ 20 . It might be worth $ 10 when you 've played all there is to play in this one .
 I bought this game , i am all excited . I just played it for 5 minutes . You can build like 14 things in the whole game . There are no tuturials , there are no cars on the tracks of the roller coasters , the graphics are terrible , the camera goes off by itself , you cant rotate the camera , because there is no toggle , it is way too educational , and is had a horrid layout . The cover and the inside may look cool , but the graphics are not near as good as they say they are , the gameplay is the WORST in any game I have ever played . If you choose not to buy this because of my review , I just saved you 20 bucks well not spent . Buy warcraft iii ... that is a good game . Do the mauls online on that . That is fun , unlike this game . A DEFINATE NOT BUY !
 I 'm Just going to hit it all..-No undo button-game tells you that the lines are too long -LRB- but does n't tell which attraction so you can not solve the problem -RRB- - no real tutorial , the learning consist of placing a couple of building.-most of the major building can not be rotated , so you cant plan a park , its where you can fit it with the entrance.-when looking at the menu to buy building , they are not in $ order or in intensity order , very hard to check every building to see what specifications it has.-no loans , so u have to wait for money , very boring , but got some house cleaning done while waiting , lol-once u buy attractions , sometimes people are upset , and say the do n't like them , but u ca n't do anything about it because they are pre-made buildings.In all , there is nothing to this game . It is all smacking down a building here or there and waiting , and waiting for money to roll in . If u play RCT or ZT , do n't waste ur money . I have a question for activision , have u ever heard of beta testers ?
 Well , it 's good , but not the best . I bought this game thinking that I would be able to design the park my way . You can do this , just not to a great extent.Pro 's : Wonderful detail -LRB- the attractions look exactly like they do in the the real Sea World -RRB- Pretty sceneryInteresting animal sounds/infoCon 's : no rotating button -LRB- I 'm used to rotators , so having none in this game really dissapointed me -RRB- not enough attractions/scenery -LRB- even though it 's beautiful , I wish there were more of them -RRB- inablility to choose your own animals/no way to design buildings -LRB- this is probably the biggest thing that upsets me . in zoo tycoon , you can choose which animals you want in an attraction . you can also color your own buildings and create your own pens/cages for the animals -RRB- fizzy when close up -LRB- what 's the point of getting as close as you can to the screen , when you ca n't see anything because it 's blurry ? -RRB- not enough `` sandbox '' levels -LRB- they should have more locations as to were you want to build your own park -RRB- All in all , it could use some work . Great idea , great attractions , not-so-great game .
 I have played many tycoon and simulation games dating back to when Sim City was new , and really the only sim game out there . I have see the rise and fall of maxis as the golden child of sim games . With tycoon being the current tycoon among simulations , a certain quality is expected . SeaWorld tycoon is defiantly one to pass up.While I have loved many simulation games , even some of the very obscure titles , SeaWorld was just plane bad.The ever-increasing quality in graphics has been an enjoyable treat with the entire simulation genre ; it is not what makes these games fun and enjoyable . And sadly the only thing I can not fault this game on it graphics . They were what one would expect . However the usability and ability to customize were not there . In fact the only thing I discovered in my attempts to play this game was an over whelming sense of frustration . Frustration that I had actually bought this game , Frustration over what seemed to be either poor programming or fatal bugs that rendered this game worthy of only the trash heap.Do yourself a favor , pass this game up , instead play any old game you have . You will get a lot more enjoyment out of that , then you ever will out of this game .
 I collect zoo and animal related sim . games and this is the worst ! The lack of freedom is the biggest problem . You ca n't rotate the map -LRB- you have to spend forever trying different things to find this out , as the game comes with very minimal directions -RRB- , you ca n't rotate some of the attractions , there are only 3 freeplay maps , all the attractions are pre constructed -LRB- you do n't need creativity for this one -RRB- and you do n't have very many things to choose from . All around , it was a big disappointment . I would give it a zero if I could ! The Zoo Tycoon games are way better !
 I have a 5 and 7 year old who have been playing Zoo Tycoon and Roller Coaster Tycoons 1 & 2 for about a year . I have to agree with most of the other reviews here . this game is way too slow and boring for any experienced gamers . My 7 year old is very disappointed that he ca n't build his own coasters . We 've only had the game for 2 days now , but we still have n't figured out how to add employees -LRB- can anyone tell me ??? -RRB- so our parks all have trash on the ground and our rides need mechanics . I 'd love help with that one !! My 5 year old , however , is ok with this game . he is too young to build his own coasters , and slapping down prefab buildings is more up his alley . So he thinks this is ok . There are only 3 different scenarios to choose from though , so I think he will quickly outgrow it . Especially since he already does ZT pretty much alone and prefers to choose the tricks that the animals perform in their shows . This game just does n't have it.I would reccommend Zoo Tycoon with the Marine/Dinosaur expansion for anyone thinking about this game . You get SOOOO much more for your money . If you already have ZT , do n't buy this -- you will be disappointed .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I 've been playing RCT1 and RCT2 for a few years . I thought this game would be similar but there 's many things I do n't like . The graphics are blurry . The rides take a long to start and run for only a short time . The camera view does n't rotate . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I just bought this game and I do n't even know how to play it , it 's nothing like zoo tycoon . You ca n't even turn the itens around so they all face the front . you ca n't make a good layout that way . also you have to wait for the research to finish before you even get one animal and I do n't think you can build a pen to keep them in anyways . You really ca n't build anything it 's already made up and you just place them down . The concept is great but why did n't they make it similar to zoo tycoon but with the sea world atmosphere .
 I love Tycoons . I do n't even know if this game can be classified as one , since you ca n't plan your park from the beginning , are not given any real tools to moniter and manage your park , and no management over each individual building . People will complain about things being wrong , but most of the time you are unable to do anything about it since the buildings are pre made -LRB- meaning you ca n't set the prices etc for most of them -RRB- . There is no tutorial , but the game is so simplified and has such limited options one is n't really needed . There is no open play , and you are given about 10 missions - which I completed in half a day . Yes , I dragged myself through to the end with blind faith that it HAD to get better . It did n't . I ca n't believe any game company could publish this and expect people to pay money . If you want a GREAT game about managing zoos and seaparks , try Zoo Tycoon Collection which includes zoo tycoon and the expansions marine mania and dinosaur digs.The only way I could see someone being satisfied by this game is if they are under the age of 13 and have never played a decent tycoon game . Compared to the others it ca n't even get off ground level .
 To sum it up in one word unplayable . Even after the patch running a brand new 8800 gts , quad core and 2 gbs of mushkin 800 . Wish there was a negative rating .
 I bought Chaos Theory at Half-Price books for $ 9 , and it was a much better game than the $ 50 Double Agent . In fact , they should have named this game `` Chaos Defined '' . I agree with other reviewers that this Splinter Cell installment is not the good quality experience to be had from the prior SC 's . One is never quite sure if Double Agent will fully load before throwing an exception and causing the Microsoft debugger I have installed to ask if it should start debugging Ubi 's product . However , one can be quite sure it will throw an exception every time you try to exit the program . Fortunately , exceptions do n't happen very often during play , but they do happen . So get familiar with the F5 Quick Save key to minimize frustration.The game save system stinks . After finishing the first map , the `` Continue '' -LRB- last game -RRB- just says `` You do n't have any saved games . So I have to resort to bringing up my list of saves and loading from there . You ca n't name your saved games ; the program assumes you want to name them all `` Save '' and you ca n't change it.Lastly , the story and gameplay can get tedious with too many timed sections . Even if you finish with time to spare , you still have to mill around burning time on the clock before the next sequence begins . It all adds up to a product that feels very much like it was rushed through design , development , testing , and finally out the door .
 It gives me great pain to give this game such a low score as I 'm a huge fan of the Splinter Cell franchise , but unfortunately the PC version is so buggy I am as of yet unable to play the game , and will be until a patch is released . I have a new Nvidia 8800 GTS video card , and the game wo n't even launch with it , so be advised not to buy this until there 's another patch that fixes the issues . And even if you do n't have an G 80 series video card , I would really recommend searching the internet and support forums to see if if people with hardware similar to yours are having problems . You can not trust in this game to run on your computer , no matter how modern your system is , so do some research before you buy !
 I am a real fan of the Splinter Cell games but this one is not their best effort . The game just does n't play as smoothly as the other installments and there are still a lot of bugs in the game causing many crashes .
 Game looked fun . It does n't even start after installing the patches ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME ! This is so not cool . I buy the game , wait for it to be shipped , and then it does n't even work . Ubistupid should be ashamed !
 This is the buggiest game I have played in years . I have 5 high end systems . NONE OF them can play this stupid game . I use only name brand products in my systems . Creative labs sound card etc. . I can run all of the latest games on their highest detail settings . Not this one . I can not even run this game on the lowest setting . I want my money back . It crashes without warning . Pixelates my screen , locks my sound card up , and it is junk . Absolute junk . Wait till they are trying to give them away do not spend money on this game .
 This game has so many bugs which to this date , are not fixed . I have the latest patch which is supposed to have fixed the big ones - such as the safe opening issues - but it has n't . A part from the bugs , the missions are just tedious , not really much fun , like previous series.Control is awkward , evidence of a bad port from console.My advice is to stay away from this one .
 Like most folks are stating
 This iteration of Splinter Cell is n't nearly as fun as Pandora Tomorrow or Chaos Theory . The controls are a step down -LRB- from not that good to begin with -RRB- and the missions are terribly dull compared to previous games . Maybe it gets better later on but I never got past the first few missions due to repeated crashes and constant bugs preventing me from loading my saved games .
 the game started out great and about half way thru the game would shut down when you tryed to save the game . even the auto save would shut the game down , could not contiue , try patches , rebooting , re-installing the game , but it kept locking up on the saves , , , very disappointing had to quit playing could not get it to stop shutting down ...
 Like the title says this game is great but it is buggy , way to buggy to be played and enjoyed at the same time . I dont ' know why it was for me , maybe because I downloaded it -LRB- from here Amazon -RRB- lol I 'm not some pirate ar ' . SO maybe the physical disc one works perfectly . I donno . But i doubt it . Maybe a 60:40 chance it will be the same.So unless there is a fix out there the eluded me . This game is a no go .
 Seriously , I tried to play this trash and now I am struggling in the street fight because every time I died , I can not quick load my game.Besides that , this game is so damn buggy in every level and detail that it really hurt the Splinter Cell Series , and the graphic actually looks dated . After all , I just want to say one thing to Ubisoft
 I 've been a fan of Splinter Cell from the very start . I 've played through the first game multiple times , once through of Pandora Tomorrow , and unfortunately got only part of the way through Chaos Theory -LRB- it was a rental -RRB- . I have to say that this is the weakest of the series so far.I must say that for the most part it 's a fun game to play . It uses an updated Unreal engine so the graphics , shaders , and effects are superb . However , it 's all the little things that bug me . - Some parts of the gameplay seem lazy in execution , making the whole experience seem a bit fake . One example is in the first mission you do for the JBA in the sea of Okhotsk . When using your thermal goggles outside , the enemies do not appear bright at all . I can understand that . It 's 40 degrees below zero , and they 're wearing thick protective gear . So why does Sam Fisher in his insulated sneaking suit show bright red ? He must be freezing in that cold water . And if the enemies are so well insulated , how is Carson able to register their heat signatures from a remote location ? Of course when you get into the warm belly of the ship , where they 're not wearing protection -LRB- from the elements I mean -RRB- , the enemies still show up dark on your thermal goggles . Also in the Shanghai mission when you 're in the laundry room there are high-pressure steam pipes that burst when you shoot them . However , they seem to react to any attack , as they burst even if you stab someone near the pipes . - There are clipping bugs , graphic glitches , and control issues . Multiple times Sam will get stuck in a corner with a seemingly invisible barrier . If you wiggle around eventually he will get free . Sometimes the enemies will run in place for no apparent reason . Bodies will become embedded in the walls . On the - The music reacts to what is happening around Sam , causing the music to become more tense when you 're sneaking up on an unsuspecting enemy . However , since this happens EVERY time you 're sneaking up on someone it can get old rather fast . - Even with the added moral choices the gameplay feels very liner compared to the previous games . One example is in the Shanghai hotel . When you get onto the scaffolding behind the dragon in the main atrium you can cross over to the top of a glass elevator . As soon as you get onto the glass elevator someone walks into the elevator and causes it to descend . They stop the elevator at the exact point you need to get on the lower scaffolding . Then when you cross the scaffolding there is another person who gets in another elevator to take you down to another area . - Since you 're working for both the NSA and JBA you 'll get orders barked at you from both sides , and it 's often very difficult to tell who 's telling you to do what . As a result some of the missions can be confusing . In one mission Carson tells you to stay on the roof , but then later he 's expecting you to be in a hotel room . - In previous games Sam Fisher always carried a look on his face that was cool and calculating . In this game when he 's playing the `` bad guy '' he just looks paranoid and constipated.This game is good for a one-run through , so if you find it in the bargain bin you may want to pick it up . Otherwise you 're not missing much if you happen to pass this one by .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DO N'T HAVE VIDEO CARD THAT HAS SHADER 3.0 . My comp isAMD FX-552 gigs of ram2 daul video cards each at 256 mem hooked up to three 19 inch monitors250 SATA hard driveand i still ca n't run this game .
 I would love to give this game 5 stars overall - but I ca n't . The game is exceptionally fun to play , with great graphics and excellent stealth play alongside a well-thought storyline . The BUGS , however , are too much ! The game crashes each time a new level loads . At one point it required a complete reinstall , because after one of the crashes it just would n't fire up anymore . Save games get overwritten without notice . The `` Quick OPSAT '' button is buggy . Once I hit reload on my weapon , and lost all weapon functionality entirely - could n't shoot , could n't reload , could n't put the weapon away . These bugs bring my overall review from 5 stars to 2 ... which is a complete shame . My friend has it on xbox 360 and it 's a stellar experience , showing what kind of quality title it * could * have been . It 's a real shame that the PC did not receive the same attention to detail and quality production that the 360 did .
 I found a number of problems in this first unpatched PC release of SC : DA , and a few style changes that makes the game feel more like a console game than PC : - Ca n't customize mouse buttons , they are fixed on fire and alt-fire - Unlockable items do n't unlock - While using pistol to disrupt a light , I was not able to holster the pistol until I fired a shot from it . - After I knock out a person the game forces me to pick him up . I do n't want to pick up a person every time I choke them down . - Game runs much slower than previous SC games.A few interface changes I did n't like , which are subjective : - Sam looks like a walking traffic lightFor the stealth indicator , a component on Sam 's suit turns bright red , yellow or green to determine how visible he is . This indicator takes immersion away from the character since it looks silly to see an agent walk around with a bright-colored light emitting from his back . It looks like he is trying to direct traffic rather than sneak around . - Interaction interface uses big icons instead of text-based menu as in the previous games . It 's annoying to guess what icons are what when quickly trying to pick an option , and I found the text-based options from previous versions better.Graphically the game does look good with HDR , and levels appear more detailed.Overall there should be more options and customization available for PC users since customization is an advantage of the PC platform . Ubisoft should have left the game to cook longer with QA before release.Game loses 1 star for bad QA , 1 star for performance , and 1 star for lack of PC control customization . If you have to buy the game , buy it used . Who knows if and when ubisoft will patch the game to make it more enjoyable for PC customers.If Ubisoft patches the game to address these issues then I will edit and change this review accordingly .
 Loaded this 10gig monster on my pc -LRB- P4 3.4 2 gig + Nividia 6800 -RRB- which ran Bioshock -LRB- a game 2 years older than this -RRB- OK.First cut scene slow and jerky - resetting graphics does n't save right , next time you go in they are reset to highest settings . Known bug , check the net.Character response time is SLOW . Tried training missions , ca n't see anything as they are artistic all white rooms with really bad wireframe wall definitions.I 'm literally thinking of throwing this game in the trash . I am a huge fan of Splinter Cell for the XBOX , did not get an XBOX 360 , got a new computer instead.Ubisoft has done an injustice to everyone who bought this game . As I said , Bioshock loaded and ran fine on my PC and graphics card.Do not buy this game unless you like reading various internet help forums .
 I 'm a huge Splinter Cell fan , but this game is so frustrating . It 's full of bugs that prevent you from completing missions , and quite often saved games become corrupted . Loading the non-corrupted ones is n't an easy task , either . You have to either die or quit the game and then load . The only exception is `` Quicksave . `` My gaming PC surpasses the recommended specs . Yet , the frame rate is choppy even with the graphics turned all the way down . Sometimes Sam turns entirely black , like a silhouette . I have to exit out to get him back to normal . Choices for resolution are limited . All in all , the frustration outweighs the enjoyment at this point.Switching weapons and interacting in general is awkward . It seems like the game was made for a console and changed half-heartedly for the PC . I really hate to give Splinter Cell a bad review , because Chaos Theory is my favorite PC game ever . But Double Agent is unplayable . Patch 1.0.1 does n't fix any of the bugs I 've found . I hope future patches will help , because the storyline for this game is great and I 'd really like to play it .
 I 've been a FPS shooter fan forever . From Far Cry to Wolfenstein , I 've played just about every one out there . While the concept and idea behind this game is sound , the implementation is terrible . Glitches galore that patching does n't help . You ca n't even bind your right mouse button as your forward movement button . How can you create a FPS game now-a-days where you have to use a keyboard key to move forward ???? On a demo maybe but for a $ 50 game ? Priceless.Just that alone should tell you to steer clear.P2P has become so popular just to avoid such rip offs and corporate greed such as this . Try before you buy people .
 Got this game home , installed it fine , but it gives me an error message when I try to start telling me that the shader is not right . May be a fun game ; apparently only hard-core gamers or those with an XBox , PS2 , etc will find out though !
 My system exceeds the requirements of this game by more than two times over for the prcessor and four times for all other requirements . The game is on patch 1.02 now and still has all the flaws mentioned by other reviewers and more . Game play is awkward , noncustomisable and glitchy but as a big SC fan I can be forgiving of that . Moreover , there is no sliding scale of your covert or overt status . You are either `` green '' and invisible , `` yellow '' and visible , or `` red '' and under attack . Environmental cues to your status are poorly thought out and lack both clarity and continuity . I can forgive even that . I can even forgive saving issues because I will play a level over again until it goes down perfectly so mid-level saves are of little consequence . However I can not accept bugs that effect game progress directly , like the inability to use your safe cracking tool in the Shanghai mission . You can enter into the tool when the safe unlock symbol shows up but can not control the tool and can only exit out again . This causes major loss of trust with both the NSA and JBA because you cant steal documents or samples for the afore mentioned parties . There by not allowing you to complete the level or progress any further in the game . The tool functioned in the JBA training mission , but this level appears to have been dropped directly from the console code onto the PC code without the benefit of editing the control commands.PC gamers are already getting the shaft with delayed release dates and exclusive contracts with consoles . When we pave the way with games like Halo and Far Cry and tell control mashing monkeys what they should like sequels of those quality titles and games similar to these rarely come out again on the platform . If and when they do they are street dated behind the console releases often by months and/or are glitchy and poorly converted . It is getting to the point where most PC games are not worth buying and the console system controllers have n't improved enough to be worth using . I have been a PC gamer for over 17 years now 15 since Wolenstein 3D , and we are in gaming limbo . Thank you Ubisoft for wasting my money !
 This is simply a bad port of a game made for the XBox 360 . SC
 You know , the PC Gamers are what helped make Splinter Cell so popular and to release this buggy POS was a total slap in the face to a number of EXTREMELY loyal Splinter Cell gamers.Cannot bind mouse keys , game crashes to desktop . Just an absolute pile of garbage and a waste of $ 50 . I am praying for a patch so that I can at least play the damn thing but the folks at UBIsoft obiviously did not have their hearts in the PC version and are focusing all of their time on the Console.I told my Nephew the day we can configure a Mouse and Keyboard on an XBox is the day the `` real gamers '' decend on XBox live and they wo n't know what hit them . I guess the PC Gaming days are drawing to an end.DAMN !
 What do you do you for the 4th entry in a series as consistently amazing as Splinter Cell ? Give it to a developer who will completely destroy it . Want a game as rock solid and bug free as the first three ? It 's not here . Want the same sweat inducing stealth action ? It 's gone . Replaced by a convenient piece of technology that glows green when you 're in cover -LRB- sometimes -RRB- and red when you 're not -LRB- sometimes -RRB- . Want to reassign some of the control keys like you can in all the other games in this series as well as every other decent video game released in the last 10 years ? Impossible . Apparently , sometimes it works to manually edit an . INI file in one of the directories . You 'll have to Google this solution though . You wo n't hear it from Ubisoft.I used to look at the Ubisoft logo as the sign of a stable , quality game . Not anymore.Do the research before you buy this game . Even after two patches , the bugs are rampant . And if you have n't played the other 3 games in this series , do yourself a favor and pick them up first .
 Disapointing , the game is loaded with bugs -LRB- already patched 1.02 -RRB- , it 's impossible to play 10 minutes -LRB- or less -RRB- without a crash , running in Dual Core , 4 Gigs RAM , X1600 , the game have great graphics and no slowdowns but as the last reviewer , I have the same opinion , Ubisoft just worried about cash and nothing more , worst , since the game get out they did n't worry at all in getting people testing the game and releasing the fixes , needed . Saving the game while playing is just waste of time , the save seems not to be done ??? The new presence system with yellow/red light is stupid , we can be face to face with guards/enemies and nothing happens if the led do n't turn red ??? Stupid AI , I was able to open safe box with enemy on the side , blind ?? . Well , the game was maded for let them $ $ $ and do n't show respect for players , mainly the fans like me . The game line is n't bad at all , but the bugs kill all the fun . Advice , save the money or get it in next months when they are forced to sell it for $ 5 .
 Let me first start off by saying how much of a Tom Clancy and Splinter Cell fan I am , and it gives me great disappointment to have to give this game a poor rating.Sam Fisher has become my favorite game character ever . Let me also say that it 's great that Ubisoft decided to give the SC saga a different twist , rather than the orgindary , straight forward NSA hunt for conspiriters . The storyline to this game had the potential to be one of the greatest , but it turned out to be the worst.The storyline in on it 's own was well thought out , and most likely by Clancy , but it seems that Ubi took it into their own hands to add these ridiculous missions , and on the same map which is repeated 4 times . If you decide to buy the game , you will see what I mean.And also , as many other people have mentioned . BUGS BUGS BUGS ! Ubi certainly did not waste any time put this into distribution . I guess perhaps they were more worried about getting them on the shelves of your local EA Stores and Walmarts , than beta testing the game over and over , and making sure the game was 99.9 % bug-free -LRB- of course , nobody 's perfect -RRB- . In conclusion , it is safe to say that Ubi did not pay attention to detail while developing this game . They left too many bugs for the End Users to have to deal with , and an unfinished storyline with many plot holes , and missions you will be asking yourself `` What the hell is the point of this mission ? '' over and over again.Again the potential was there , but since they rushed it out the door , Double Agent is completely dead . I would not recommend spending $ 50.00 , or even half that price for this game . I hope that Ubi recognizes the disappointments of the game players , and improves the next Splinter Cell . To make a comparison , Ubi basically built a hot looking Ferrari , but with a V4 engine.Bottom line is , if you are new to the Splinter Cell gameplay , get the 3rd one -LRB- Chaos Theory -RRB- . If you are a Splinter Cell addict , consider waiting for the next SC -LRB- I 'm sure Ubi will be making many modifications -RRB- . No patch in the world is going to save this game .
 I dont know what planet D. Ackerman lives on . The game is far from solid.Yes I have a killer rig too and yes I get to see some pretty nice graphics.That my friends is where it ends.False advertising - Unlocks dont work at all.Save game corruptionsCrash to desktop on many occasionsMultiplayer module is pointlessI managed to have a bit of fun in a few parts of the game but its not worthit if you have not bought it yet.This is just another example of the death of PC gaming . All the moneymaking is on the console side . This is a blatent grab for some extra cashfrom the PC owners . It 's so VERY obvious litte to no QA / Beta testing wasdone on the PC version.Warm up and practice your mindless joystick twitching PC Gamers , its the future ...
 As most people are aware , Splinter Cell is part of the unique game genre called stealth FPS -LRB- First-Person Shooters -RRB- . Generally , the Splinter Cell games are sharp , detailed , and challenging . Splinter Cell
 The Splinter Cell games have historically been the top-of-the-line tactical shooters . Then they released Double Agent and ruined my entire perception of not on the game series but the company of Ubisoft as a whole and the Tom Clancy games in particular . I have patched the game and updated every driver in my system but the game hangs and I have yet to be able to finish it or get past the point on the ocean liner . It is complete and utter waste of money . They have stopped patching the game at this point and are advertising the next Splinter Cell game already , as if I want to play another game that is total garbage , I ca n't even finish this one ! I wo n't purchase another Tom Clancy licensed game EVER and Ubisoft will be very lucky if I ever purchase another game with thier name on it either . This was the most disappointing piece of software I have ever had the misfortune of spending money on . I doubt I would play the new Splinter Cell game if they gave it to me for free .
 First of all-I got ta say I loved the first 3 splinter cells.Today when I was just about to finish it , I wanted to give this game 3 stars.Why only 3 ? Because of the MANY bugs -LRB- even after the 1.02 patch and a legit copy of the game -RRB- I was shocked to discover . So many technical issues , in some movies the sound would n't play , sam passing through doors , enemies getting stuck in invisible walls , problems with the resolution , with the V-synch and many others . Also the noise and light/darkness system is gone . Now Sam 's got some kinda incorporated gadget that turns green when you are invisible to enemies , yellow when they can see you and red when they sound the alarm . * SPOILER ALERT * But after I disarmed the bomb -LRB- last level -RRB- , instead of showing me the movie , the screen FROZE . loaded the game many times , many different settings , no luck . I WAS UNABLE TO SEE THE ENDING SCENE.AND THERE 'S MOREI had 100 % NSA trust , which means you `` should '' play a bonus level . Well ... I could n't do that either . Had to watch it on youtube . Such a shameFrom 3 stars , I would now give this game 0 stars , but amazon only has a minimum of 1 . Ok * SPOILER ALERT OFF * Also , as a funny thing I saw in the credits -LRB- on youtube -RRB- , 90 % of the production crew was chinese . This game is made in China . At least that 's what the quality tells me.AnywaysPros
 This game should never have been released in its current state . It is unfinished , unplayable , and packed full of inexplicable , awful design choices . The people at Ubisoft obviously take no pride in their work , and it 's really quite shameful that they are selling this blatantly incomplete garbage for any amount of money . Most disappointing , however , is that you can tell Splinter Cell
 I do n't usually review games , but this one was so buggy I gave up trying to play it , and had to warn others to stay away from this one . Could n't even get through the first level . It 's a shame since Chaos Theory was one of my fave games of all time . btw like most here my system exceeds system requirements - it 's just a bug ridden piece of software -LRB- even w / the patches applied -RRB- . Shame on Ubisoft .
 The splinter cell series double rocks . The double agent double sucks . Just does n't seem to have the continuity of past games . Then again , save games sometimes do n't . Makes it kind of hard to follow it when you 're screaming about starting a whole section over again because it did n't save where you left off.Pretty much a lesson in how not to code a PC game .
 One star is actually too generous but Amazon wo n't let me rate it at zero.Splinter Cell use to be a great series but Ubi-Shanghai took care of that . Between muliple crashes , sound looping that lasts entire levels , saved games not showing up , and video settings not being saved the PC version is completely unplayable . And yes my PC meets the and exceeds the requirements . All good that did me!Thanks Ubi-Soft for taking a once great gaming experience and flushing it down the toilet.Save your money and time do not buy !!!
 I loved and endlessly replayed 2 of the 3 previous SC releases -LSB- Pandora Tomorrow was not so hot , IMO -RSB- , and Chaos Theory is one of my favorite games of all time . I had very high expectations for this game ; I recently bought a new computer , and I made sure that I had a shader model 3.0 video card just so that I could play it . So it hurts me to have to say this , but this game is terrible . Aside from the bugs mentioned by numerous other reviewers , I just did n't find it that much fun to play . Also , the graphics are no big deal -- not clearly better to me than the last game , but with a horrible interface that screams `` console game . '' When my savegame became corrupted during the 4th level , I was faced with the prospect of having to go back and start over . I realized that I had no interest in replaying the first levels , that I was n't enjoying the game that much , and it was n't worth it to me to have to go back through a very boring level in the HQ of the `` John Brown Army '' to continue . That was 2 months ago -- I have n't felt any desire to try it again since then . The worst sequel since `` Deus Ex
 This game has mad system requirements . When I bought it , I had to upgrade my video card so that it would support Shader 3.0 -LRB- The game doesnt look that fine trust me , it would have run on 2.0 perfectly , developers are just alienating 2.0 users -RRB- . Anyway , after upgrading to a really expensive video card , I had great expectations , I mean , a game that has 3.0 shader as a MINIMUM system requirement has to look awesome right ? well no , it looks exactly like any other game I ever played on my 2.0 Shader card . On top of that , the game is buggy as hell and really boring when compared with the other Splinter Cell Titles . My final recommendation ? get those bills you were going to use to pay for it and burn them , much more fun in that than this stupid game .
 I was really anticipating the release of Double Agent for the pc . I loved the original Splinter Cell , Pandora Tomorrow , and Chaos Theory -LRB- the Encore version without Starforce drivers -RRB- . Double Agent has got to be the worst game of the series by far.Double Agent is an obvious console port and NOT ready to be released on the pc . Ubi is not offering any patches to really address the major issues with this game either . This game is HIGHLY unstable on the pc . Several people have had problems with crashes and serious lagging . With the options turned down and no matter what kind of system you have , you will most likely encounter some serious choppiness and lagging . It really starts to get bad in about the third level of the single player game . Also , if you make any changes to the video settings and hit `` apply '' ... crash back to the desktop . This happened to me several times.One problem that you will first notice with this game are the load screens . There are two load screens and they take forever ! You just sit there waiting and waiting and watching the little circle go round and round until finally the level loads . As far as the actual game play ... it 's not near as good as the first three Splinter Cell games . It 's too linear this time around with lots of scripted and timed scenes . In the end , Double Agent was just too unstable for the pc . The instability really takes away from the enjoyment factor .
 This game is broken on the PC . I 've tried it on two different Quad Core systems using a 8600GTS and a 9600GT card , respectively . On both systems the game was so slow and choppy as to be effectively unplayable . It is not a question of the hardware being unable to keep up - even menu systems , 2D graphics easily renderable by even a decade-old computer , are choppy , slow , and unresponsive.Something went wrong when this game was ported to the PC . It is completely broken , which is a shame given the general quality of the Splinter Cell series prior to this Double Agent installment.I can not recommend this title to anyone . I notice that other reviewers seem to be running it without trouble , but given the fact that negative reviews far outnumber positive ones , it seems to be a hit-and-miss product , with the `` miss '' option being the most likely.If you 're dying for a stealth game , nothing compares to the Hitman series , which has a proven track record , and is guaranteed to delight and entertain you.Hitman
 First off the games graphics are some of the best I have seen the sound effects are great and the story is not all that bad . But ! if you are a fan of the old Splinter Cell games be warned this game is nothing like them . The whole way you play the game has been changed , in the previous games it was all about playing the shadows , tricking mercs , and over all pulling off your mission with out ever being detected . This game has totally changed the way you play by replacing our beloved shadows with a far to simple light that is always strapped to your back . How this works is whenever any one starts to notice you the light turns yellow when no one can see or hear you it is green , and when some one sees you it turns red . Now this may not sound that bad but ! it has nothing to do with where your character is standing ! you could be in the middle of a base standing under a light and have the light be green and everything is fine a guy will even walk right past you because do n't worry the light is green ! or you could be in the most dark part of the map hanging off a ledge and a have a guy spot you from yards away . if you are looking for good graphics this is your game if you are looking real stealth action move on because they have killed Splinter Cell .
 Alrighty ... Let me start off by saying that the music in this game is INCREDIBLE ! If there was an album i would buy it instantly . With that said , this game has many many problems on the PC platform ... most people already are aware of the setting of the game and the situation of Sam Fisher if you watch anything on TV , there 's so many commercials for the game ! Anyways , i got excited to play this game and couldnt wait to get it on PC . I finally got it and i started playing the game on my pc and i was quickly disapointed because i noticed that the game ran VERY VERY slow . And , i EXCEED the recomended requirements for the game and i had everything set to LOW . Then i put everything to HIGH and the game ran with about a 2-3 fps difference of an average 15 fps ! Im a computer god , i know if my baby is running slow or has a virus , I tell you right now that the PC version of SCDA is complete crud and the coding for the game is terrible becuase i run bf2142 with everything maxed out and i never drop below 50 fps.Ubisoft SHANGHAI didnt bother optimizing the game for the PC , they just ported the game directly from the xbox360 to the PC , and everyone knows that the xbox360 platform is completely different from a PC because the xbox360 has three 3.2 ghz in-order processors and the PC has 1 very powerful out-or-order processor , architecturally speaking , so that is why the game runs terribly , it was written for the 360 . Basically , the processor in the xbox360 executes processes in the perfect order of which they were given , but the PC executes multiple executions simultaneously in any order that it was given , which is why an amazing PC processor costs more then a 360 . The 360 cost about $ 300 total becuase it has in-order processors , which are heavily stripped down processors and thus , ca n't really be considered a real processor . anyways ... There is a ton of false advertising for this game.-On the game box it says you can unlock gadgets and weapons to defeat your enemies , or something like that . Yea , you can unlock the gadgets , you just ca n't use them ! Ever ! Nice.-Also on the box , it says `` Optimized for Dual Core processors '' which is not true , and infact , the game runs worse on dual dore computers then single core.-No Lobby for internet or lan gameplay . So if you wanted to play with your friends via the internet , HAH ! Good luck ! The only option you have for finding a game is `` join session '' and when you click on that the game finds a session for you and joins it . Directly ported from the xbox360 ... So sad ... It does n't end there , the game is FILLED with so many disconnect bugs in multiplayer that you never actually get to play the game you paid for . And this is after ubisoft released a patch to fix this ; trust me it isnt fixed.This game had so much potential for the PC but it was blown off by Ubisoft Shanghai and whoever else participated ... I 've been waiting for a REAL patch for the game which actually fixed the gameplay itself and add a multiplayer lobby , but its been over 3 weeks of people complainging on forums and writing letters and still nothing ! Not even a word of acknowledgement that the game is not working as intended for the PC.Honestly i tried to play this game but it was so bad i gave up . Multiplayer is embarassing and looks like crud plus singeplayer is riddled with wasted `` fill levels '' for the JBA -LRB- a HUGE majority of the game -RRB- where you are given a task , like making 10 mines for Enrica or something silly ... They basically give you a task and return in 25 minutes to see if you completed it and if you are n't where they left you when they come back you lose faction . Its ridiculous because i spent more time in the JBA hideout then on any other map and it was frustrating to waste so much time on a really graphically ugly level . I literally had sam standing for 8 minutes with all my quests completed just waiting for the level to end . Its LAME !
 The problem with this game is that UBIsoft forgot what made Splinter cell so fun . Namely , you had two dissimilar teams -LRB- a spy and a mercenary -RRB- . Each team had strengths and weaknesses . Double Agent took all that away.This game is no better than a shoot em up game . There is no strategy involved anymore . UBIsoft should have just taken their earlier offering `` Splinter Cell : Chaos Theory '' and done some minor tweeks , like making a 8 person multiplayer -LRB- vs the current 4 -RRB- . I returned Double Agent a week after I bought it . Do n't waste your time on Double Agent . If you want a shoot em up game , get Rainbow 6 , or Call of Duty . If you want a great stealthy , strategy game , buy Chaos Theory . Be careful though , Chaos Theory does not work on newer XBox360
 I loved the first in the series so i bought this one too . Unfortunately it has serious compatibility issues with vista and wo n't install or run on a vista machine . this might not have been an issue with me , but it 's not mentioned in any sources i could find until after i had purchased the game and pounded my head on it for a while . then i gained access to the company support site . THEN i found a `` known compatibility issue '' .
 Compared to Men of War this game is a joke . There is very little detail . The graphics are dated . I 'm sorry I bought it .
 The Amazon page for this claims the software is compatible with XP Home edition . The disc I received from booksaremyfriends was an old DOS version that will not run on XP .
 I loved the first MYST game . When I received MYST IV as a gift , I was brimming with anticipation . Initially , after nearly arriving to meet Atrus , something went horribly wrong with the graphics . After a while , I was able to do something -LRB- disabling something , I think -RRB- to get the graphics back . It was worth it because the worlds were beautifully done , especially Serenia . It was gorgeous and intriguing . As spectacular as the graphics were , a couple of the puzzles were annoying or arbitrary , but difficult.I normaly enjoy puzzle games ; they 're actually the only type I usually play . With MYST IV , I found that I had to consult the official game guide -LRB- also a gift -RRB- twice . I do n't like having to resort to that , it can spoil a game . I did like the fact that there was some interaction with the characters and some of the interesting features of the game -LRB- SPOILER ; the linking books ; END SPOILER , the camera , etc. . . -RRB- . Then , just as I was starting to enjoy the game I came across something that had no place whatsoever in a puzzle solving game-requirement of impossibly quick mouse movements ! I 'm talking about -LRB- SPOILER -RRB- that absolutely impossible Monkey puzzle . Once you figured out the sequence , it was NOT humanly possible to do it in the alloted time ! -LRB- END SPOILER -RRB- I really do n't know how anybody managed it . I admit that I may not be the quickest with the mouse , which is why I do n't play games which require uber speed . But , the MYST games are puzzle games which should not require that . It was like finding a polar bear in the Bahamas . Suffice it to say , I could not get past the monkey puzzle . Was there a patch for that or something ? If not , there should have been . I obviously ca n't comment on the remainder of the game , since I did n't get to finish it . It really annoys me . It 's tantamount to being given half a book . Well , unless UBISOFT has done something to alleviate that problem -LRB- since Spring 2005 -RRB- ; I would n't recommend this game unless you 're VERY quick with a mouse . It 's a shame , because I think that this would have been a good game . HAD IT NOT BEEN FOR THE MONKEY PUZZLE , I WOULD HAVE GIVEN THIS GAME 4 STARS IN BOTH CATEGORIES .
 No problem installing this game under vista 64 . The graphic is good . As at least one other review said , you better be fast and precise with the mouse , otherwise this game is impossible to play .
 Was very disappointed this game would not run on my system.It only runs on OS 10.2 and OS 10.3 evidently.Beware .
 I did n't have any problems installing the game -LRB- other than needing to download a new driver for my video card -RRB- , so I ca n't really complain about any technical issues . The two stars I gave this game are mainly for the graphics and music . But since I started playing , I have been severely frustrated.I do n't think I 've solved any puzzle without using hints , and often the hints just confirmed what I already knew . It 's very frustrating to know how to solve a puzzle and yet not be able to do it because of finicky hotspots or time limits -LRB- if I wanted a game with time limits , I would play an arcade-style game ! -RRB- . Some puzzles are so obscure that you 're not even sure what you 're supposed to do ! Others are so complicated and involve so many steps that it 's a wonder anyone solves them at all . In my frustration , I have had a look at some discussion groups and forums relating to the game ; some people claim they spent hours on certain puzzles . Not everybody has that kind of time to waste.I made it to Serenia and am now blocked by the asinine Dream puzzle -LRB- Ooh ... flashing lights . Who designed such a boring , repetetive monstrosity ? -RRB- . After trying various hints , walkthroughs , instructions , etc. , I still ca n't solve it . I no longer have a desire to.In addition to the built-in hints , I think this game needs a `` solve puzzle '' option . Some of us just like wandering around , enjoying the scenery , and figuring out the solvable puzzles . As it is now , we ca n't do that . If you get hopelessly stuck , the game has basically ended.Myst IV will probably sit on my hard drive for a few months until I find something else that 's more enjoyable . Then it 's getting uninstalled.If there is a Myst V , I will be reading many reviews of the game before I decide whether or not to purchase it . I know I 'm not the only one with these complaints . If the makers of Myst do n't listen to their fans , they 're going to lose some of them .
 After buying Myst IV , I found I could not load it on my PC . After installing the first CD the 2nd CD would not read and froze up . After going to the UBISOFT web site I found a forum that details all kinds of problems with the game running on some DVD drives . As much as I would love to play this game , I do n't see the point of spending alot of money buying a new DVD drive that may or may not work .
 All the Myst games , including Uru , Uru
 I bought this game as soon as it came out . It did n't work on my laptop . I waited for patches , followed bulletin boards , and tried everything . Installed ubisoft patches , graphics driver patches from laptop manufacturer and graphics card manufacturer , edited files as per instructions on bulletin boards . No luck.The only real puzzle is getting the thing to work . I really enjoyed the first three Myst games and was really excited to play this one , but they really dropped the ball this time . No quality control at all , useless tech support.I 'm guessing it is unplayable on at least half the newer computers out there -- all laptops , and any desktop with a DVD burner . Will have problems on most anything else as well.Big disappointment . Do n't waste your money .
 I , like many people , ran aground on the extremely demanding machine requirements for this game . Most demanding games will run on most systems - albeit poorly - but not Myst IV ! If you have any unsupported hardware , it just plain crashes - no warning or error messages - just THUMP , back onto the desktop.I have played all of the Myst series , and loved them . Now , I basically have to buy an unknown amount of hardware to try to continue the series.Adventure games usually can be counted on to run on almost any hardware -LRB- at least , since Sierra fell out of the business -RRB- . Further , while the `` System Requirements '' on most software are more guidelines than exact requirements , Myst IV breaks this convention without adequate warning - or , really , any serious warning at all . This is a completely treacherous change in philosophy - a betrayal of the game market and the Myst playing community.Further , many games with sophisticated effects are able to scale back on the effects if it seems that the hardware wo n't support them . Not Myst IV ! It 's all or nothing . -LRB- This is certainly programmer laziness , and probably reflects a hasty rush to market , but WHY they failed us really does n't matter . -RRB- Had I read these Amazon reviews before buying , I would not have bought the game . Instead , I made the mistake of relying on the Myst reputation . I wo n't make THAT mistake again!UBI really messed up on this one - this will probably end the Myst series for good , and will CERTAINLY keep me away from UBI games in the future .
 First off I have to say that the Myst series has been the best games I have ever played . I have played the first three games a couple of times over , and really enjoyed reading all three books . The first Myst is my favorite game of all , the sequel Riven is exceptionally good , and the third Exile was just as fun . But I have to say Myst Revelation was an extreme disappointment . The graphics were great , and the story quite compelling . But once I entered into one of the ages , it was a mess . There were way too many little details that you have to some how magically figure out . The clues were so well hidden that you would have to be a mind reader in order to figure out what the makers were thinking . I go to school and take hard classes , but believe me when I say this was excruciating , this to me was like doing a geological , mathematical , scientific quantum physic equation . When I play a game like Myst , I want to unwind and enjoy the game . Instead I end up with a headache and a busted keyboard while loosing my temper . This never happened with the other three games.I loved the first three Myst games , the challenge was just right . I do n't know what happened ; it really bummed me out how difficult this game was . I 'm really disappointed with the manufactures of Myst 4 . I would have liked to see how these stories would have ended after playing these sequels , but I guess I 'll have to throw in the towel and call it quits and put the Myst games behind me .
 Down loading a patch to make the game work is not my idea of fun . Even at that it was a pain in the neck to move forward in the game . Other parts , ie changing colors in the dream is extremely fustrating . These and other problems detracted from the game
 Hey , it is supposed to run on a Mac with OS X. Perfect ! So , after installing 8 GB of data on the hard drive , I start Myst IV and absolutely NOTHING happens . Oh yeah , read the really , really tiny fine print and then you notice that `` laptop versions of these video cards are not supported '' . Sheesh , now I have two coasters.Ubi refers you to its website for support . Surprise , they do n't even pretend to offer product support for Mac.You burned me once Ubi , never again .
 If you 're considering buying this game , consider very carefully , especially if you enjoyed some of the earlier `` Myst '' games . There is very little that is positive about `` Myst IV
 I loved playing the first 3 Myst games back when I had a PC but have since changed to a Mac laptop I have searched for games I could play on it . I thought that because the game said mac for operating systems it would play but it did not work on my laptop so if you are a mac user and interested in this game check closely what operating system your 's has and see which mac system this game will play on .
 I enjoyed the very first Myst back some ten years ago.It was a good memory , so here I bought the version IV.Alas , it does not work !!!! My PC has Pen4 2.4 GHz , good CD/DVD , 1G RAM , and MilleniumG550 graphic.The installation says the graphic card is not supported.It also says the graphic driver for G550 is OK . OK?After start , the screen is garbled/broken and the gamejust does not proceed . All resolution combination didnot work.G550 is a very good and popular adapter.This is the only one software which refuses , while myhundreads of programs work flawlessly .
 I just wanted to cast my vote for avoiding Ubisoft and Myst Revelations . I was looking forward to a pc game that did n't involve shooting everything that moves . I read the specs , bought a DVD player for my computer -LRB- I 'd wanted to do that , anyway , so it 's not a total waste -RRB- , and tried to install Revelations . It wo n't install , wo n't give an explanation , and the `` support '' at ubisoft is worse than useless . It was a waste of money , and I doubt that I can return the game now that it is open .
 I own the entire Myst series , to my mind they are the absolute best video games . In fact , they are pretty much the only ones I play . I bought Myst 4 , but I ca n't play it , because Ubisoft has defrauded consumers by selling a product with copyright protection that not only prevents playing the game , but disables the DVD drive on your PC and requires a system restore -LRB- Win PCs -RRB- . There are a lot of unhappy customers out there.I do n't know whether I should be mad , or disappointed . Ubisoft has been outstanding so far . But I could have put the cost of this game to better use , since it will end up in the garbage .
 I have four PCs with a mix of Windows 2000 , Windows XP Home and Windows XP Pro . I have up-to-date OS patches and up-to-date drivers for all my devices . Myst IV wo n't run on any of them . Standard viedo cards wo n't work . You need a 32 MB DirectX 9-compliant video card like a an ATI Radeon 7000 to 9800 , NVIDIA GeForce 1/2/3 / 4/FX families , Matrox Parhelia or Intel i865G to i915G.Shame on Amazon for not mentioning this on their product page .
 Any game that already has two huge patches that need to be downloaded in order to get the glitches out was rushed to market in time for holiday profits . The system requirements are in such tiny print they are nearly impossible to read without a magnifying glass . Laptop users are totally out of luck.Myst IV crashes repeatedly , dramatically , and unexpectedly just when I thought it was finally up and running and I 'd been able to do considerable exploring . From what I have been able to see and hear , the music is lovely and the graphics are intriguing , but not nearly equal to the hype . I will now uninstall it and chalk up the money for the game and the guidebook to a bad experience of a game that was released too soon .
 I suspect that this may be a fun game ... if you have exactly the same hardware as the developers . But , if you are just an `` average joe '' , even with a new mid-range computer less than 6 months old , this game is not worth the money or the aggravation.The installation is incredibly confusing -LRB- and the documentation on installation is almost non-existant -RRB- . When/if you actually get it installed -LRB- and you 'll likely have to review the forum of hundreds of other users with installation problems to get some ideas about how to get around the copy protection headaches built into the game -RRB- ... you will then probably find out -LRB- like even more would-be players on the forum ... even just a a couple days after release -RRB- that whatever video drivers and video card you have are not the right ones . Be prepared for a herky-jerky unplayable experience ... but at least the background music is nice.If you enjoy installing , reinstalling , configuring , and reconfiguring games , drivers , video settings , resolutions , etc. . . for hours on end ... then this is really a superb gaming experience . I can personally guarantee night after night of such fun . But otherwise ... my recommendation is spend your $ 39.95 on something else . -LRB- To the makers ... may I suggest a little bit of attention to QA and configuration testing prior to general release . -RRB-
 Even after you have updated your video driver and tried every graphic setting to find a combination that decently works , mouse control is unsteady . Manual leaves much to be desired ... Have yet to discover anything that makes this software a must buy ... technically or graphically . Not really a leap forward ... agree with previous reviewer
 This game has amazing graphics and ... . wait a second that 's the only good part . It is boring . I got the game and I started to play . Listen to this first I could n't figure out how to move . Then it took a long time to set some weird radio thing . It got more boring every second . At least it 's got good graphics .
 Like some people , I was introduced to the first Myst at a young age , so this series was something that I was always interested in exploring . After completing the first 3 with a little bit of cheating -LRB- yes , I 'm lazy at times -RRB- , I was interested in picking up the next series.Unfortunately , this game is still bound by some technical issues . For one , the crystal tuning is almost impossible to complete . The reason is that the cursor that is used is for some reason very laggy . Since each crystal is timed , what you think are precise movements with your mouse turn out to be inaccurate and all over the place in the game . It 's almost like the mouse suddenly gained weight and has momentum.The other problem that made the game not very enjoyable was the loading time between each click . Even on an old CD-ROM drive -LRB- 2x or 4x , ca n't remember -RRB- , Myst loaded each scene with decent speed , usually it was a one second delay . In Myst IV , each scene takes at least 4-5 seconds to appear . Granted , this is a `` 3D '' image , but it makes the game seem a lot longer , especially if you have to traverse over long distances . I felt that I spent more time waiting than actually getting to solve the puzzles.In addition , the clues did n't seem as well laid out as in the other series . It 's much easier to get lost in this game because of all the paths you can take . That 's fine for a couple rounds where appropriate , but the game seems to repeat that over and over again . There 's a difference between offering a challenge and just being frustrating.If you want to see the continuation of the series , you can get it , but I would n't pay $ 40 for it . Otherwise , if you 're new to Myst , start with the older series first .
 I have a new and powerful computer but the Anti Copy Protection stops me cold when I try to Install . Be prepared to buy a new DVD Drive if you really want this game.Ubisoft seems to screw up on a steady basis as anyone who expected to go online with Uru found out.The Anti Copy Protection Disclaimer is stated on the box in fine print , but I bought the game over the internet from Amazon . If I had purchased it in a store , I may well not have seen or understood the importance of the Disclaimer.Save your money until this mess gets straightened out !
 Visually the graphics in the game were AWESOME nice cut scenes with voice over dialog but the puzzles were lame which brought the game down in my overall rating .
 To supplement the review by Timothy Spellman , this game wo n't play on any laptop , even if you have -LRB- as I do -RRB- one of the few video cards which is supported by this game . My 8 month old Compaq Presario X1200 laptop has a Radeon 9200 video card . The fine print on the game packaging -LRB- we are talking magnifying glass required -RRB- indicates that `` laptop models of -LRB- supported -RRB- cards not fully supported . '' This makes it sound like it will work , but with some shortcomings . In fact , the game will start , but two minutes in you get to a variable-view screen with totally non-functional graphics . ATI implies new drivers may be available at the computer manufacturer , but Compaq has nothing for this model.I repeat Timothy Spellman 's phrase , `` Shame on Amazon for not mentioning this on their product page . '' By the way , Amazon , you are making me rate how fun this game is to play , but I would n't know because I could n't make it work . So my `` 1 star '' for that category really is n't relevant .
 First , I love the Myst games - the concept and graphics , but this version is so difficult that even with a complete walkthrough I have not finished it yet -LRB- I gave up trying on my own rather quickly -RRB- . I agree with a previous reviewer that even knowing the solution to a puzzle , actually performing it is needlessly difficult.Too bad , because the graphics still amaze and the story line is intriging , but it is n't fun anymore - it 's tedious.Will I get Myst V-End of Ages ? - I 'm sure I will ... I 'm still hooked .
 My wife and I have been Myst fans from the beginning and were excited about the release of MystIV . However , I had one of those computers and drives that would not open the game once installed . As it happened , about that time I was in the market for a new machine , so I held off on any serious upgrades . Upon recieving my new computer one of my first chores was to try and load Myst IV but with the same results . We , obviously , are no longer fans of Myst or of UBI Software in general and will stay away from both in the future .
 After Myst I could 've hardly wait for Riven and Exile . I 've bougt the Riven and the Exile long time before they showed up on the market . Uru did some waiting and as of March 2005 I 'm still undecided whether to buy Myst IV . While graphics and audio were better with each game , storyline was getting worse . Puzzles were less connected to the storyline and more connected to the arbitrary minds of developers.And why , the heck , if they decided to re-master original Myst , they did not make it compatible with more advances Windows ?
 I had a joyous time wondering around in the environment of Serenia , Spire , Haven , and Tomanha . The graphics are absolutely amazing , and I wish I could spend a day in Serenia , but then I began to solve the actual puzzles.This is where I begin to be unhappy . In the beginning of the game the puzzles were fun -LRB- and lets keep in mind that that is the whole reason to play -RRB- , but by the time I got to Serenia , I was completely frustrated . The solutions are so out there , and Dream was just the last straw . The glowing orbs ? There is NO logic behind that . I had to look at the solution -LRB- I hate doing that , but when you have n't gotten anywhere in a week , folks ... -RRB- and I still could n't get it to work !!! Exile was , to me , the best Myst game . Puzzles should be challenging , but not ridiculous . Uru was also a triumph in getting the perfect combination of difficulty and ease . Of course I do n't think any game should seem impossible , so maybe that 's my problem . I want my games to be fun . Not mind-boggling . Also I 've never wanted to chunk a game out into my yard before , if that gives an idea of the frustration involved in this game .
 I am a big fan of the Myst series . Myst was ok , Riven was !! GREAT !! , and Exile was ok , so I had my expectations fairly high for Myst IV . Ubistupid failed to meet them . The game is inanly huge and getting a graphics update caused other progarams to malfunction . The movement was slow , and the animated hand was a real annoyance . The story is the worst I 've ever seen because it is n't very creative . The acting of the actors , except Rand Miller , was unconvincing , and I am rather annoyed with the general move of the Myst series ' move away from ideas that are more beliveable , to the mystical mess of Myst IV . The puzzles were awful because of the fact that they were almost all trial and error , guess and check , or find a clue and copy it down in the machine . The puzzles of such classics like Riven , Myst , and Rhem caused you to think about them and go `` Aha '' when you got the solution , the puzzles of Myst IV caused you to go `` Arrgh , that was so STUPID ! How could anyone figuer that out !!?? '' when you finaly broke down and looked up the stupid answer in the stupid guide . The only good part of the game is the graphics , which are incredible , but only fools think that graphics make a game good . If you want to spend hours wasting your time with stupid , frustrating game , buy Myst IV . If you want to play a great game with ingenious puzzles and story , replay Riven .
 It 's sad , Myst IV is not in the Myst mythology at all.First thing I want to mention , the DVD game installed and ran fine on my PC , and was cheap to buy , but I bought it roughly a year after the release and I have the 1.02 patch . So graphic , sound , controls and installation wise , it 's all 100 % Second , I am a Myst world fan , I own and play Myst , RealMyst . Riven , Myst III , Myst IV and URU chronicles , I also own and read all 3 books and I own all the soundtracks , so I am a fan of Myst and Cyan , -LRB- Miller 's brothers -RRB- fine work.Now as for the review of Myst IV , As mention the Graphics are as good as it gets , amazing , and the sound/music , I would say as good if not better then all the previous games . But the real issue , is the essence , all the Myst games has a playability , puzzles and background story factore that create a masterpiece . This game failed on all 3 of them.The Game play changed , you can easily find the puzzle and the story , and you can figure the answers easily , but to apply those answer , it 's impossible and frustrating . Also , I admire this out of focus background thing , but it 's getting annoying when trying to walk around , as you have to `` scan '' the view to see the details.The puzzle , what can I say ... they included a walk thought in the game , and there is a good reason , you will need it , not to figure out the puzzle , but on how to apply it , and the worst part , even if you cheat right off the bat , and know the answer , to apply those answer in the game , is near impossible , that 's not puzzle solving , it 's a exercise in frustration , or hell . You know what to do , but you can , the controls are to difficult , you run out of time , or the game is just to picky . Two example
 I bought the Revelation game and installed it on my pc . It would start . I wrote to the ubi support on mystvgame.com . This was their reply `` Response -LRB- Jason -RRB- - 12/26/2005 12:53 PMUnfortunately , this game is not supported for use with dvd-rw or cd-rw drives because of the copy protection that is on the disk . The only reccomendation that I could make for you would be to purchase a regular cd-rom or dvd-rom to install and play the game . '' For such a great game that probably took programmers a very long time to create , it is really horrible that this bug was released with this game . Skip this one . Myst V works okay with dvd-rw .
 To the point , this game does n't work on many DVD drives . Like other people , I have reinstalled it from 3 different DVD drives only to get the error message each time I tried to play the game . Luckily I bought it locally and was able to return it -LRB- minus 15 percent . -RRB- I wo n't ever buy another Ubi game again until I have tried someone else 's disks first which kinda defeats the whole priracy software concept that causes the error in the first place . Way ta blow Ubi !
 My father and I have been playing adventure games forever - literally since we got our first computer with a CD rom . Admittedly , I prefer games with inventory -LRB- a la Monkey Island -RRB- but my dad enjoys games like Myst and for the most part I have n't minded playing those games with him because they are often fun to watch and sometimes the puzzles can be enjoyable . But this game was just RIDICULOUS.Now , I will say that my dad and I have very different schedules and did n't often get time to sit down and play the game as often as we would have liked , so some of my problem with the game could be that we did not really get a chance to become immersed in the story , but for the most part I really do n't think that was our problem . The major problem that I had with the game was that some of the puzzles were difficult to the point of being utterly frustrating.For example , one of the puzzles you have to minipulate levers in order to make four crystals simultaneously vibrate . Not only do you have to figure out the correct sequence of numbers to make each crystal vibrate -LRB- difficult in itself because the only clues you find in gameplay offer approximations of the correct numbers -RRB- but you have to do it quickly enough that you can get all of the crystals vibrating at the same time . This takes patience and some very fast mouse skills and to me is just pointless.As another example , towards the end of the game you have to bring an item to a god who is to be your `` spirit guide '' . The items , first of all , are very fragile , so you have to be very careful while walking , and secondly , you never really know where the god is going to be . Further , when you FIND the god , he will disappear , so you basically have to wander around to all of the places where the god * might * be with a fragile item , hoping that the god will show up.I guess my point is that in this game merely solving the puzzle is n't enough - you have to do things in a way that lead to what to me is pointless difficulty . As I said , I would have called myself a veteran adventure game player , but I am sure there are people who are more serious gamers than I who would enjoy this game . As it is , I will say that it really is a pretty game to look at .
 The delivery mechanism for this game is broken , so I am unable to write a review of its content . I can only warn other Mac users to let the makers sort out their mistakes befor you purchase this . I have a very powerful dual processor G4 Mac running the latest Panther -LRB- 10.3 -RRB- operating system . The game comes on 2 disks , but it wo n't let my machine eject the first disk in order to load the second . Despite four calls to Ubisoft support , and following their instructions exactly , I am still unable to load this game . Currently they have no solution to this problem.As is widely reported , many PC DVDs wo n't load this game . Add to this list , at least some Macs .
 I so wanted to play this latest installment in the Myst series that I purchased the game even before it was released . I had heard it had demanding system requirements but I thought , hey , I 've got a brand new P4 2.2 GHz machine , wonderful Radeon 9800 video card and 1Gig of RAM . That the game shipped only on DVD seemed ideal
 Hey folks , I got a real reply from Ubisoft support : Response -LRB- JASON -RRB- - 02/07/2005 11:53 AMThe game is not supported for use with dvd-rw drives because of the copy protection on the game. : - -LRB- We managed to load the game over our home network by mapping an older dvd drive on another computer , and installing from there . Unfortunately , the game still crashes/hangs frequently , so there must be something in the gameplay software that still interferes .
 I got most of the way through this game before giving up on it . I had no trouble installing it , and loved the beautiful graphics and sounds -LRB- much better than Uru -RRB- . But , after a while , I realized that the puzzles were just no fun . Too many of them involved getting the timing right and persnickity mouse movements -LRB- I quit the game after a couple of hours of trying to carry a bubble to an elemental guide who might or might not be present -RRB- . Others were so clever that only after you solved them could you figure out the clues that should have helped you . And , I do n't even want to talk about the small , blurry , cursive alien language writing recognition problem in Yeesha 's bookshelf -RRB- . There 's also my dissatisfaction with the finales on the two `` prison '' worlds . Basically , you solve everything , get an animated ride , and then wonder what that was all about . After the first one , I actually had to visit a hint site to confirm that I 'd done everything and it was time to move on . It 's not at the level of the original Myst 's ending , but it 's on the same path . To my shame , I even had problems with the lack of direction in the game . Essentially , at every stage , you have a mind-numbing number of alternative paths with no guidance on which you should do first . I also had trouble keeping track of where I was , physically , in the worlds
 I looked forward to another Myst game , having gotten hooked on the first Myst and subsequently , Riven and Exile . When the game came out the system requirements were much more than I had at the time . When I got my new computer , imagine how excited I was to be able to play Myst IV . I now had more than enough Ram and a huge hard drive . Wow ... right ? WRONG !! I ca n't help but wonder what they were thinking when they programmed in that stupid protection program . The only thing it does is keep us honest people -LRB- who would n't do it anyway -RRB- from copying the game . Geesh ! How smart can that be . Since mine was R/W naturally it would not play the game , only load it . So exciting to wait all that time to load and then be blocked from playing it . So , out I went and got an external DVD ROM since mine was R/W and I leaned was the problem because of the ` protection ' they have in the game . I reloaded from the external RVD ROM and it started ok , but the graphics became large brown blocks instead of the ` lovely and breathtaking graphics ' we have all come to know and love . Now it seems this game is not compatable with my video card driver . Oh my ... another problem to add to the list . It seems these geniuses made this game compatable with only a very few video cards and drivers . Sigh ... that 's it . As much as I love Myst , I am not about to go out and get a new video card just to play a game that cost less than I have already spent on an external DVD ROM drive to get it to run in the first place . Whew ! I hope all this makes sense because it sure does n't make sense to me for a software company that is writing and distributing a game much anticipated by millions to put such limits on those that can enjoy it . Seems they do n't care . I would not recommend this game to anyone unless you know for sure you can run it on your computer . Check the requirements VERY carefully before purchase . This is not usually what has to be done with computer games because every other game I have ever purchased has run great on my computer and all my friends computers as well . We all have different systems , but there again most game manufactures take that into account and write games that are marketable . No so with Myst IV !
 will not run correctly on my system . I have a fairly new Dell with all the system requirements needed for normal gaming , but this software must require something out of the ordinary . You can not even read the save/load dialog boxes . They come across beige with no writing . Every time I restarted the game , I would be in the desert and have to run back through it to get to the other worlds . I absolutely loved Myst and Riven and they ran perfectly on my system . I tried to run this same game on an even newer computer and the same issues happened . I do not recommend this game at all .
 I purchased a cd-rom game from CdromUSA and it does not install and has no directions -LRB- the picture showed a box that you would normally buy at a store containing the disk , and directions but all I received was a disk by itself -RRB- . I contacted the seller approximately 4 times regarding this item , tried to resolve the installation issues per their advice . Nothing worked . I asked for an address to return the item and was told `` no refunds '' and that I must have gotten a faulty disk . They promised a replacement at the beginning of May and I have not received anything . I have sent an email since then regarding the new disk shipment and received no reply . I will NEVER order anything from this company again . I just want a refund !!!!
 Do n't they always say `` download the latest drivers '' `` make sure you meet the minimum spec for the game '' . Well they are wrong here . I have the latest drivers for my ATI Radeon 850 and DirectX 9C and thats the problem . The game wo n't run with them.Play this on an out of date PC or forget it .
 If you want to buy Uru , do not buy this version . I have a brand new Dell computer with loads of memory but this game has problems everywhere . The worst part is that some of the problems could be fixed with the patch from Ubisoft for Ages of Myst but it wo n't download for Chronicles . There is nothing else on the website to help . They do n't even seem to have any email tech help-only a 900 number . Do n't buy this game unless you want a $ 40 headache !
 I really wanted to play this game , being a fan of the previous three Myst puzzle games . I got it as a Christmas gift from my family and waited a little while before I loaded it . It never played . I got an opening sequence then crashed onto my desktop . The very , very hard to reach technical support -LRB- I never did get to ask my own question -RRB- had FAQ , two of which dealt with this type of crash . The answer was that you have to have NVIDIA GeForce 1,2,3,4 or FX ; ATI Radeon 7000-9800 or better . I have neither , and even though my Dell is about a year old , I had no options . Too bad , the previews looked amazing .
 Supposedly , if you had a shiny new gaming computer , they would put updates on the ubisoft website to make the game work . Well , I have computers spanning almost all OS verstions , every one set up for gaming , too . The `` patch '' for my current system does n't really allow you to do much , since you ca n't actually get to any commands . The rendering is crude and a far cry from all the gorgeous Myst games we have played before . I * highly * recommend you make absolutely sure you have one of the original video cards recommended , and not one for which they offer a patch , which may or may not work .
 Let me start off by saying that I am a BIG fan of the Myst games and stories . I bought this game on sale for about $ 30 at Circuit City and was so psyched to get started playing.The game installed fine , the graphics and scenery were absolutely breathtaking ! The gameplay runs roughly like this : You get to design and play as a modern character/avatar -LRB- think Sims2 -RRB- . You start off in a desert near the infamousfissure in the ground . Yes , this is the same hole in the ground that Atrus and Anna lived . The only difference with this game is now you can walk and run around , explore , and manipulate objects in a way that you never could in any of the other games . After leaving the desert , you get to visit many different beautiful and elaborate Ages ... all with stunning effects and fun things to poke around with and explore . Sound effects are pretty much the same . Some of the background music -LRB- like in the Kadish gallery -RRB- is very beautiful . `` So , '' you say , `` why the overall 2 stars ? '' Well watch out ! For those people running newer PCs , particularly those that have the Intel Pentium -LRB- R -RRB- chip , there may be some MAJOR problems reading text in both journals and linking books . I think there is some sort of bug that interferes with the graphics display somehow . You can still click on the linking books and be taken to where you need to go , but it makes for a VERY difficult if IMPOSSIBLE time trying to figure things out . I was able to win the regular URU game itself , however , you need to be able to read some of these journals to win the expansion sets . So my suggestion is either not have that Intel chip or get used to looking up walkthroughs online . I did go to the UBI website and the only suggestion was to lower the game resolution and tinker with the settings . This may help with some machines , but it did n't help with mine at all.Seeing as how this is a VERY important problem UBIsoft has failed to fix -LRB- or even mention on the packaging -RRB- , I will only give the game 2 stars overall . I would give it one , but the overall gameplay is very fun and addictive .
 I just wasted 26 bucks on this game because unlike the other Myst games I 've played , this one does n't work with my Intel graphics driver OR my ATI graphics driver . There is a forum full of people who ca n't play the game . This is n't mentioned in the product info , so hopefully folks will read this review before they buy . Once you open it -LRB- which is the way you find out it wo n't play since it is n't listed in the product description -RRB- you 'll only get 50 % of the price . So , I paid 26 bucks for the product , shipping , and game and would only get less than 10 -LRB- 50 % of the game 's price -RRB- back for a product that I could n't use . So , like I said ... think hard before you buy this game .
 to MAC users everywhere - do n't fret.This game was total pants !! -LRB- pants being a Scots term meaning it sucks !!! -RRB- Nothing at all like the previous Myst games.The graphics were mediocre at best - nothing to compare with Myst 3 : Exile.the game play was a pedestrian search for pieces of cloth with symbols - none of the ingenious clue searching and then puzzle solving like the previous games.There is no sign of Artrus and Catherine.only their daughter - Yeesha - who sounds a bit like a tree-hugging hippy to me.I played it - in a matter of hours rather than the months the previous games took me.I did n't bother going online - and by the time I was curious enough to look at the online community - it had closed.The whole concept of an online Myst was doomed to failure anyway.Nonetheless - the game makers did n't have the online part right before they started - and it never worked successfully . ~ You chaps did n't miss a thing .
 I blew money on this game and it wo n't work properly because it is not compatible with a DirectX 9.0 c driver . If you go to the URU official website and search the forum for gameplay questions you will find that they admit this and that `` someday '' they will fix it.So , I just got ripped off for $ 25.00 . Do n't bother with this one .
 I 'm a huge fan of this series , and have successfully played all of the proceeding games . Despite the beautiful graphics and sound , I found portions Uru 's gameplay so frustrating , I eventually gave it up . This game , unlike the earlier games in the Myst series , requires you to complete physical tasks like jumping , kicking or climbing onto object in a very precise way that often does n't make physical sense -LRB- why kick a log when my character should simply be able to bend down and pick it up ? -RRB- For several tasks , I spent HOURS attempting to land my character just right or move a small object with the character 's feet . I even asked other people who are perhaps more adept with hand / eye coordination when it comes to video games to give it a try . Most gave up after 45 + minutes on a singular task . It 's very frustrating because despite having a puzzle figured out , I could n't complete a few simple tasks , and was unable to move on in the game 's story . I have loved the Myst series because it allows me to relax and problem solve . If I wanted to land and jump on things precisely , I 'd play Mario Brothers instead . It was enough to ruin the game for me . I 'm disappointed this is the direction this series has taken .
 I had just had surgery and wanted to keep occupied while recovering . I had really enjoyed the first two Myst games . I carefully read the reviews here and decided to give it a try.I doubt I will ever make it past the 2nd level . I quit just a few hours into it out of sheer apathy . I 'm just not intrigued . Despite the detailed ability to dress/create your character I felt disconnected from any narrative . Also , you ca n't handle certain things . You can , in one sequence kick a piece of wood out of the way , but you can not otherwise move it . This just seems lame . Wanted to like it , but did n't .
 Had I known that I had to stick the CD in everytime I start the game , I would have not bothered at all ! I 'd like to install a software and put the media away in the closet . Hate the idea of having a chess CD just lurking around my desk , so that the vendor is happy I have not stolen it ! What a great way to protect anyway !! I talked to the support and asked to register the product so they give me a key or something , but not much help there ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Chessmaster 10 was the first chess program I bought after a 20 year break from playing chess . Initially , I found that it was fun to play with its many bells and whistles
 The software write protection renders the game useless . I have an ultra lite laptop with no CD drive . I ca n't use this game on flights because of the `` CD requirement '' . You guys can stick this kind of game development ...
 I guess this is a review of Best Buy rather than Chessmaster 10 . Best Buy stopped two years ago even offering the option of buying a computer with XP installed . I never imagined that the only computer game on their shelves -LRB- new section , not the cheap jewel cases -RRB- would have a 98/Me/XP - only game , and made the discovery when I tried to install it . I was n't lucky enough to get the clerk a previous reviewer got - they would n't even give me store credit to buy a Vista game . Anyone want a free Chessmaster 10 for XP ? But now that I 've read the reviews I think I 'll buy Josh 's book and the Fritz game .
 It seems to me that Ubisoft has made a classic blunder in the software industry
 Here 's a warning to u all
 Adding glossy features does not make up for having to put CD in every time you play . It does not make up for uninformed support that can not help with the CD drive conflicts for some on install.Should be more fun but every time I put the CD in I 'm reminded how greedy they are and too cheap to modernize the encryption .
 Dear Reader
 There are so many things wrong with this that I do n't know where to begin . I am so unhappy with the product I purchases 2 weeks back that I returned it back . Here 's the list :1 . This crashes constantly on my new , fairly powerful Windows XP machine .2 . The software requires you to have the install CD in the CD-ROM drive all the time !!!!! 3 . The game takes 10 seconds to load because the start-up sequence and other crap on the screen can not be disabled .4 . If you leave the game on in the background , after a couple of hours the game becomes very , very unresponsive . And slowly your computer comes to a halt.The manufacturer of this software should be penalized for releasing this buggy piece of crap . Their customer service sucks and they have absolutely no clue on how to be helpful to a customer .
 I bought an earlier version of ChessMaster and it still sits in the box since it wo n't load on my computer . I have XP OS and when I try to load the software , it says I need administrative rights . I 've contacted the company and they claim it 's my computer set up . I spent hours changing the settings on my computer to accept this program . I 've never had problems loading other software . Now that I read the other reviews , it seems that the company still has n't worked out the bugs .
 Overall rating should be 4 stars , but beware of the Jewel Box game which will not run on Windows XP.The real question for most chess players looking for some chess software is whether to buy Chessmaster or Fritz -LRB- or Fritz 's Shredder -RRB- . I have used both for many years . I actually go back to the days of Chessmaster 2100 , which had the playing strength of perhaps a subclass F player , if such a player existed.For the average player the conventional wisdom has always been that Chessmaster is better because it has more training features and is more user friendly , both in terms of `` fun '' kinds of chess activities and in terms of how intuitive the software is to navigate . Fritz clearly has been the choice of professionals , partly because it will run without the disc in the drive -LRB- although earlier versions of Chessmaster did run without the disc in the drive -RRB- , partly because Fritz 's architecture is considered more elegant , partly because Fritz has a much bigger database of games , and finally because Fritz 's chess engine is stronger.Chessmaster 's `` personalities '' -LRB- with ratings -RRB- that you can play against have always been one of its most popular features . Chessmaster 10 has the same personalities , from grandmaster-like virtuals to everyday kind of people -LRB- complete with mug shots -RRB- playing at easy to beat levels , that it has had in previous editions . The problem with these personalities -- or maybe this is their main virtue -- is they are not as strong as the ratings that Chessmaster gives them . A 2100 Chessmaster personality actually plays like a low B player , while on Fritz it is the other way around , with their 1800 players playing like experts or in some positions like masters . Psychologically speaking , I think Chessmaster has the right approach . For someone preparing for their first tournament against rated players , however , just playing against Chessmaster 's personalities can be like living in lollypop land . Still , these personalities have some real value as training devices . Some of them -LRB- with ratings between say , 1900 and 2150 -RRB- function like this
 I WAS NOT ABLE TO USE IT WITH MY COMPUTER BECAUSE IT REQUIRES TOO MUCH MEMORY USE . YOU HAVE TO INSTALL 3 OR 4 C/D 'S INTO YOUR COMPUTER . I HAVE A 2 G/B COMPUTER THAT I JUST GOT AND MORE THAN HALF OF MY MEMORY WAS USED BECAUSE OF THIS GAME . IT GAVE ME WARNING ABOUT THE MEMORY SO I UNINSTALLED . I AM GOING TO HAVE TO BUY EXTERNAL MEMORY FOR THIS ONE .
 Whenever we have played this game it freezes up on our computer and so it discourages my son from playing chess . I believe there is a bug in the program that prevents it from working properly . I do n't recommend it .
 I order Chessmaster 10th Edition but I never revieved it so it ca n't write a review about it . You will have to tell me about Chessmaster 10th Edittion .
 All the bad things other reviewers have said about this excremental fraud are true . Some of the good things said are true , too . But does the good outweigh the bad ? Let me put it this way
 I wonder what the hell UBI was thinking.First of all you always need the cd in your drive to play ... retarded . what if you have a tablet ? are you going to carry that external cd drive with you everywhere just because you want to play chess ? what if your running on battery power ? are you gon na drain your laptop battery just cause you want to play chess?secondly forget about even trying to backup this cd . the amount of copy protection on it ... and upon all this the engine is faulty ! a lot of times my opponent makes moves that are obviously wrong and that any chess amateur could see . . even when the ratings are in the 2000 + ration . This software is a total waste of time.dont even bother to use the only gameplay ... have to enter a 16 digit cd key everytime you login . get fritz instead !!!!
 I bought this program because I am a serious chess player and I wanted to improve my game by playing and analyzing chess games and positions.Problems1 . The database is NOT WORKING -LRB- A bug or something -RRB- 2 . Difficult to load a game from other Chess programs -LRB- Like fritz -RRB- 3 . You must always have the disk in the cd/dvd player to use this program .4 . When u install it u must do your gross and make a prayer in order to work because u will be looking for solutions to the problems for a week like i did -LRB- A hole week one hour every day to manage to play this program -RRB- .5 . The internet server to play chessmaster online its always malfunction -LRB- difficult to play / players with some million of what they call rating -RRB- 6 . Many personalities of the game are not at the list human like . When you try to play with them some personalities for example rated around 1700 they might to a stupid blunder -LRB- as they always do -RRB- and then play at a masters level which make them difficult to win because u must play perfectly for many moves.The only good thinks is that there are some good personalities to play at a rating level of 2100-2400 and that the program is unbeatable at its high level , there are also some good tutorials.Solutions1 . Buy it if your aim is just to play and your rating is around 2000-2300 or if you are a complete novice because there are some good personalities at the lowest level.Best solution do n't buy this program buy a program like fritz
 Automatic 1 star for punishing legit owners of the game . This is typical of the BS that UbiSoft has imposed on gamers : I bought the PC version of Grandia II , which they published , and , although it was extremely buggy , not a single patch was released ... If you absolutely must play a game by Ubi **** , I suggesst you not pay for it . -LRB- Note a mes amis Quebecois
 The chess play of this game is fairly good , but I would not recommend it for several reasons .1 -RRB- The first thing is that , even though you perform a full install , the software requires the CD to be in the drive to run . If you only have one CD drive and you want to do something else while playing the game -LRB- such as listening to a music CD , etc -RRB- , you can forget about it . The system requirements for this game should say that it needs its own , dedicated CD drive .2 -RRB- The computer takes ages to make a move , but never loses due to time . The more time you give it , the more it takes . When it does get low on time , however , the clock mysteriously stops . For example , if you set the time requirement to 30 minutes per game then the computer will take several minutes to make a move . Once the computer 's time gets down to about 40 seconds or less , it will continue to take a long time to make a move , but its clock will not run . You , on the other hand , do not have this `` infinite time '' benefit and your clock will definitely run out on you , causing you to lose the game . Speaking of infinite time , if you do set the time constraints to this then you can forget about ever seeing the computer move ; it simply will not .3 -RRB- This is the biggest issue for me , it is the `` Can not initialize 3D engine '' error . This happens regularly and can only be remedied by resetting your computer . Lets say you play a game and then close Chessmaster . Ninety-percent of the time you will get this error when you trying to open it again which will require you to reboot . If you switch between options in the game too often , this error will come up . For example , if you go the chess academy and then back to the training play , you 'll likely get this error . The software seems to be `` one shot only '' . After you play it , reboot your machine ; after you go into one part of it , reboot before going into another , etc.Do not waste your money on this piece of crap .
 After I loaded the game on my Laptop , it never could start with the CD constantly spinning in my CD rom . According to their tech support at NC , it wo n't work on CD burner for the sake of illegal duplication . His suggestion was that I need to buy an external plain CD rom to play this game . This info should have been printed on their product box !!!!!
 I like to play chess when I travel with my laptop . I needed a program that would be self-contained after installation . This is not it . Ubisoft makes you insert one of the original CDs , every time you try to start up you `` full installation '' from your hard drive . This is just wrong . When I travel , I do n't even have my CD-ROM drive . In it 's place is an extra battery . I feel like I 've been ripped off by Ubisoft . If you care about fair use rights , do n't support this company .
 I ca n't really comment on the actual game , SINCE I WAS NEVER ABLE TO LOAD IT ON MY COMPUTER . Error after error occurred and after 2 hours , I finally gave up .
 Do n't buy Chessmaster 10th Edition . I 'm not saying this because I do n't like Chessmaster , in factI own CM7000 and CM9000 as well as competitors like Fritz 8 . I am a regular club player and I tellall my friends to buy CM9000 because all in all I like it better than Fritz 8 -LRB- which is what mostserious chessplayers like . -RRB- . The only thing I did n't like about CM9000 is that the program crashed fairlyoften on my XP machine -LRB- but doesnt on my 98 machine -RRB- . I was hoping that CM10K would be a more stableversion at least and have some interesting updates and features.I pre-ordered it and received it yesterday with great anticipation and spent 3 hours with it and boy was I dissapointed . I triedand tried but there 's nothing in this version that I like . To start off with , after I logged in and choseto play a game , the environment colors and the `` skin '' motif that was defaulted to was a bit annoying for meso I naturally went to change it to something more suitable , but there were only 4 or so skins to choosefrom and some wouldnt let you pick them because I hadnt won 20 or 40 games yet ???? How ridiculous . ThenI settled for one and went to choose a chess set and board that I was familiar with in CM9K and liked verymuch , and they did n't carry over most of the sets from the last program and stayed with too many of thesecheesy esoteric chess pieces that are goofy and hard to concentrate with because they look nothing like areal chess set . And here too , the one that I liked the best wouldnt let me choose it because I hadnt wonenough games yet ??? Stupid . Then I could n't find any way to turn off the squares from highlighting whenyou move the pieces which was annoying . And it went on and on . At the end of the night , I could n't findone reason to ever click the icon again . Total and absolute dissapointment.I ca n't believe most of the people above liked this version . Save your money , or at a minimum buy CM9Kwhich I still feel is Number One , hands down .
 The folks who designed this software should go back to kindergarten . How on earth does anyone make a software that does not install onto a hard drive , is beyond me ? Are these guys so paranoid about their intellectual property that they forgot the fundamentals of software deployment ? Not everyone likes to carry around a CD with their laptop , once a software is installed . I 'm sick and tired of software designers who do not trust that many people who use software actually pay for it and buy it . Josh Waitzkin should reasses his association with UBISOft . In their brilliant attempt to thwart piracy , they have created a totally useless piece of software , especially for the 21st century .
 This is a terrible product , and I say this as a formerly loyal Chessmaster fan who has used three previous versions of the program . Other reviewers have pretty much covered the problems with this product ; I want to emphasize the insensitivity -LRB- ? dishonesty -RRB- of the manufacturers in not making it clear under what restrictive conditions -LRB- dedicated CD drive , disk always in the drive , incompatibility with many other programs , etc , etc -RRB- it can be used . It 's just not worth the hassle and the risk.Buy Fritz -LRB- or Shredder , or Rebel , or Hiarcs -RRB- . These -LRB- and other programs -RRB- can be set at different levels of expertise , provide you with fun and training for years . And Fritz interacts with Chessbase , the chess database that most leading chess professionals use , so that even if you get up to grandmaster level , you will still find the program useful .
 I had received two copies of CM10 for XMas . Due to reviews I directly asked UbiSoft for verification . I only have a CD-R/W and a DVD-R/W on my PC . My laptop only has a DVD-R/W drive . The box claims that the software has issues with some drives -LRB- failing to state the r/w issue -RRB- and some virtual disks . I needed additional information that the UbiSoft representative was unwilling to provide . Will it work on my specific system ? Which drives have known issues and which virtual disks?Unless you are certain you can return this product for a full refund it is not worth the risk installing on a modern PC . I had never heard of Fritz 8 , and would never have tried it except for this issue . I traded CM10 for Fritz 8 Deluxe and it is actually very good . My second CM10 I exchanged for a Chess clock . $ 40 is too much to spend on something that `` might '' work for me and the only support offering is for me to downgrade my system to a plain CD or DVD drive and remove any conflicting software -LRB- Nero -RRB- that I also use almost daily.It 's also very sad when users need to educate a companies developers that software copies are made `` TO '' R/W drives , not `` FROM '' them . This solution does n't solve anything but irritate good customers . Bye bye UbiSoft .
 All of the warnings here are completely accurate , the `` security '' features on this thing are AWFUL . There is a good chance , esecially if you have a newer machine -LRB- which you need for the enormous amounts of memory this thing takes -RRB- , that you wo n't be able to get the game to run at all . I was only able to get this product to work after reading the helpful reviews on this site -- luckily , I do have a non-writable DVD drive I was able to install with . If you do n't have a non-writable drive , you 're completely out of luck . I also went through the supposedly optional registration process that appears to be not-so-optional . I can not tell you how frustrating it was trying to get Chessmaster to run -- the `` support '' line is utterly useless . The guy I talked to did n't seem to know anything about the security device probelms this product has and did n't even hint that a writable drive or lack of on-line registration might be the problem.I did eventually have success getting Chessmaster X working , and to be honest , I have been enjoying it . I have found one thing that really bothers , me , though
 I have owned every version of this product since Chessmaster 5000 . Sure Fritz is stronger and has a better reputation but for ease of use and flexibility , you could n't do better than Chessmaster . At least that 's what I thought until I laid my mitts on the piece of # & $ @ # that is the 10th edition.Boy , did UBISoft miss the boat . First they stop you from playing the game without the CD . Come on ! What 's up with that ? The old mode of refreshing your installation every 10 games or so was inconvenient enough . And now I absolutely must have the CD in my drive to enjoy a game of chess ? UBISoft should pay attention to the competition . The makers of Fritz know better.But the major annoyance is that this program is as buggy as hell . It crashes all the time and there is no consistency in gameplay . One minute the program is absolutely slaughtering you , the next minute it makes the dumbest move possible . After a couple of months fiddling with the damn thing , I uninstalled it and went back to playing the 9000 version and Fritz.I 'm giving UBISoft one more chance . If the next version they turn out is as crappy as this one , then they have lost me as a customer permanently .
 For all of you that have had bugs with this program running , you need to know that it is not compatible with Windows 2000 . Furthermore , UBI has not in the past and will not in the future make it 's Chessmasters 2000 compatible . You are better off with Fritz.Others have already mentioned the install problems due to the copy protection of the CDs .
 I bought this game two days ago for 20 bucks and now I see why . First I will state my PC info ... 2 GB DDR sync ramAMD 64 bit CPU running at 2GHzWindows XPDirect X 9.0 c512 mb pc-express x 16 ATU graphics cardThat should be enough info and enough to run any game.But not this one . I can play it , and it does not crash , but you have to wait a good 10 seconds to make a move for the program to catch up and you lose time on your timed game . Also , even with FULL installation and the CD in the drive , the voice overs skip . I can play Doom3 all day and never does it skip a beat . Thief Deadly Shadows runs like a dream . Not chessmaster though . Once the PC made the next move before I even got to put my piece down . Just awful . And they just do not seem to care .
 I have been a user of various Chessmaster packages for Windows and Mac for many many years . Recently , they have been a disappointment , using copy protection that inhibits legitimate users from enjoying the game.Using a notebook computer on batteries ? Better play a fast game before the constantly-running CD wears down the power.Don ' t like hunting for the CD everytime you play ? You 'll have to.Get irritated if Chessmaster stops other programs from running ? That is totally inexusable and downright rude.I 'm sure there 's a great chess engine in there , but who cares , the software is worthless .
 Foolish me , I should have read the other reviews before I bought this product . I originally had the 9th Edition and wanted to updgrade . Big mistake . First , there are three dics that you have to download and even after that , you need a disc to run the program !!!! Then my computer crashed ! The program completely wipped out my new laptop - not happy at all.My suggestion , by Frtiz Chess instread !
 If you want some fun , you may get it . For a serious chess player , Fritz 9 is much better .
 I dumped this annoying to use , overglorified piece of crud and went out and got Fritz . Fritz rocks !
 The most fun I had with this game , was throwing it out in the street , and watching cars run over it ! Save your $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ !!!!
 Purchased Chessmaster 10th for 12yr old , installed it Christmas Eve . It actually let me select the players but would never go pass the login screen . I uninstalled and re-installed it twice but it never worked . Waste of time and money !!! Any suggestions for a suitable game ? -LRB- My 12yr old likes chess but I ca n't play the game . -RRB-
 Positive Points about this product : I bought Chessmaster 10th Edition to learn chess and play a bit on my laptop . So far I am very pleased with this purchase . Great tutorials and playing games in Training Mode helps me figure out how to use what I learn in the tutorials . Just these features alone make the game more than worth the purchase price in my mind.Negative Points about this product : There is one thing that I find HUGELY ANNOYING about this product ... every time you start the game the CD must be in your CD/DVD drive . The more I use the game the more negatively I perceive the product because of this `` feature '' . Without the CD `` feature '' I would rate this 5 stars . With it I rate it 2 stars .
 Carefully read the other postings . I have not been able to install the software on either my laptop or home computer . It wo n't tell me why it does n't like my home computer . I know I do n't have any cloning software . On my laptop it took exception to a virtual drive that automatically synchonizes with a network . The software was n't even being installed to that drive , just to my hard drive.The box says `` Over 5 million copies sold '' . I would like to know how many people have managed to install !
 There is sooo much potential for this game . The effects are awesome , and the tutoring good . I was really very excited to get started . Unfortunately , during almost every game , it would reboot my computer -LRB- my computer has no problems with anything other than this game -RRB- . It was the same for my husbands laptop.For me the frustration WAY out-weighed any pleasure , and I had to send it back . I bought another one -LRB- in case it was the CD -RRB- , but the same thing happened . Shame .
 very simple ... . I have spent 2 days getting crashed out of numerous games , patching and crashing more then re-installing and crashing some more . ubi-soft has NO help on their web-site for these problems and i have tried everything i can think of , changing the compatibility mode , new drivers , reinstalling , BLAH BLAH BLAH . in a nut shell DO N'T BUY THIS GAME . I know microsoft is pissed at me , every time it crashes i send them the report , HA HA like they read those !
 This game refused to start on my pc . It stated that I had a CD \ DVD emulation software on my pc and it had to be removed . Ubisoft copy protection is to blame . It looks for any clone software such as CloneCD , Alcohol 120 % , Daemon Tools , etc. , that use CD \ DVD emulation . If it finds any it will not start the program even though you have the original Ubisoft cd in the drive . What they are doing is telling you what you can and can not have on your own computer . After I found this out , I brought my Chessmaster 10 back to Best Buy . The computer tech geek there was so upset when I explained and showed him why there was a problem that he gave me a full refund despite a store policy of no refunds on open software . He said he had some of this same clone software on his own pc . As for me , Ubisoft has lost a customer . Never again will I buy their software .
 The achilles heal of the Chessmaster series has always been it 's frustrating , buggy , and overall unusable online component . 7000 and 9000 had barely-there online play that was plagued with disconnects and timeouts . As a result , they never developed much of a play community , and even if you COULD log on you rarely found anyone in the lobby to play against.When I heard Chessmaster was getting a facelift for the 10th edition , I was hoping this issue would finally get addressed . Well , it has n't . In fact it 's gotten worse
 I would love to be able to buy this game . But the pain outweighs the benefits . First they put such powerful copy protection on this , that many or most CD-RW/DVD-RW drives will NOT work to install or play the game from.This is because they have DISABLED them . Well , gosh , thanks a lot ! My laptop ONLY COMES with a CDRW drive ! PLUS , even if I could install the game , I have to have the game CD in the drive at all times . Which means it will be spinning my CD all the time , sucking down my battery in far less than an hour.Thanks guys.So I want to buy this so I can play it while I 'm out and about , waiting for meetings or just at the park ... and I ca n't . AND even if I COULD , the CD will have to be up and spinning?This is unacceptable ! Tell me , how many laptops come with only straight CD or JUST strait DVD drives now ? I do n't know of any.I say tell them to KEEP thier stupid program . This company does n't own every single good chess programmer in the world . There are plenty of other companies that make good products . Buy one from any of them.If you ca n't play the game you purchased where and whenever you want -- Then Tell Chessmaster to shove thier product . They are not serving you . So do n't serve THEM .
 If you buy this game legally you will be treated like a pirate . UbiSoft has no respect for their customers . You must play the game with CD1 in the CD player even though it installed everything onto the hard drive during installation . The purpose for this I guess is to annoy customers . Why do n't they check that you are using a legal CD at install time and let it go at that ? No - you need the original CD every time you play . What happens if the original CD gets scratched or lost ? I guess you 're out of luck . Like I 'd ever buy this game again.And UbiSoft also prevents you from making backup copies of the CDs - in direct violation of US Copyright law which allows the customer to make backup copies for safekeeping.To top it off - if UbiSoft discovers that you even have installed certain programs such as CloneCD or Alcohol 120 - it wo n't run even if you have the original CD in the drive ! Can you imagine if Microsoft would n't run MS Word or Excel if they detected that you had installed Word Perfect or Open Office ? Even if you had paid for a legal copy of the software ? And it wo n't run even if the banned software is turned off and is not being used!What a way to treat customers . Buy the software legally and then lose your rights as protected under US Copyright law , and be told what else you may install on your own computer ! Even if you are not using the other software - just it 's presence is a no-no in UbiSoft 's eyes.Any software pirate will get a cracked version of this program off the Net and play it happily . Its only the law abiding customers who are being screwed.UbiSoft should take a look at the backlash that TurboTax had last year when they went to copy protection . Turbo Tax is abandoning copy protection from now on.I will never buy any more UbiSoft software again until they get rid of this junk in their products . And its not like its even all that great anyway when you play it . The engine is not top of the line and as others have said - it frequently locks up and acts weird . Well worth copy protecting , right !
 Rarely am I compelled to stop what I am doing and write a review about a product . However , this product is such garbage , that I felt that need.In fact , it should receive no stars.First , the game can only be used with certain video cards , which is something I did not learn until after I received the product . Specifically , it can only be used with a GeForce 1/2/3 / 4/FX or an ATI 7500-9000 series graphics processor . Now keep in nind , I meet those specs anway.Second , you need the 1st CD -LRB- of 3 -RRB- to play the game . Although not normally a problem , if you have an ultraportable or tablet PC , forget about this product.Third , the installation is over 540mb minimum install . Thats if you do not install anything but just the pure game files.After installing , I rebooted my Dell 8300 -LRB- 2gb Ram P4 3.0 , 400gb hard drive , ATI Graphics card with 256mb RAM on board -RRB- . I started the program , and it locked up my computer . Tried again , no luck . Rebooted and tried opening the program , it finally opened . However , all the graphics were off.Long story short , this game should be taken off the market and the development team put out on the street.ALL I WANT TO DO IS PLAY CHESS !!!!!! DO NOT BUY ! SAVE YOURSELF THE AGGRAVATION !
 If you buy this game legally you will be treated like a pirate . UbiSoft has no respect for their customers . You must play the game with CD1 in the CD player even though it installed everything onto the hard drive during installation . The purpose for this I guess is to annoy customers . Why do n't they check that you are using a legal CD at install time and let it go at that ? No - you need the original CD every time you play . What happens if the original CD gets scratched or lost ? I guess you 're out of luck . Like I 'd ever buy this game again.And UbiSoft also prevents you from making backup copies of the CDs - in direct violation of US Copyright law which allows the customer to make backup copies for safekeeping.To top it off - if UbiSoft discovers that you even have installed certain programs such as CloneCD or Alcohol 120 - it wo n't run even if you have the original CD in the drive ! Can you imagine if Microsoft would n't run MS Word or Excel if they detected that you had installed Word Perfect or Open Office ? Even if you had paid for a legal copy of the software ? And it wo n't run even if the banned software is turned off and is not being used!What a way to treat customers . Buy the software legally and then lose your rights as protected under US Copyright law , and be told what else you may install on your own computer ! Even if you are not using the other software - just it 's presence is a no-no in UbiSoft 's eyes.Any software pirate will get a cracked version of this program off the Net and play it happily . Its only the law abiding customers who are being screwed.UbiSoft should take a look at the backlash that TurboTax had last year when they went to copy protection . Turbo Tax is abandoning copy protection from now on.I will never buy any more UbiSoft software again until they get rid of this junk in their products . And its not like its even all that great anyway when you play it . The engine is not top of the line and as others have said - it frequently locks up and acts weird . Well worth copy protecting , right !
 I paid good money for this game and I ca n't play it . Every time I try to play it I just get a black screen and no game . I tried installing and re-installing it with no luck . I am so upset I ca n't see straight . So now I have to go thru the hassle of sending the thing back . UBISOFT sucks !
 Although this game is STILL better than most other chess games , the `` little things '' is what brings the quality down ... such as
 Hearing about all the patchwork required for this game , after the first installation I went to Ubisoft to download it . Now that I 've done that , I ca n't access the game anymore . It says it does n't recognize the version ! All the other problems on top of this and the game is a waste of time . Try to find the customer support FAQ that addresses this and you 'll win the prize . Try to contact a person , and well you must work there.Greg
 I tried it on Windows 2000 with a cheap graphics card and it woul n't start
 I could n't even get this game to install on my own computer . For the one computer that I / did / get it to install on , after much hassle and grief , it inexplicably froze up so much I said the hell with it.Do yourself a favor and avoid this disgusting fraud of a game . What a waste of time and money .
 During tournaments , the computer opponents adjust their play to your profile rating . You can adjust their responses by using an over-rated profile , in which they will drop pieces during their games , or an underrated profile , in which they will match your play with best moves eventually mating you with the slightest error you make . It 's strange that it does this .
 I do n't normally leave reviews , but I 'm so disappointed with this game I felt compelled . The second CD -LRB- three required for installation -RRB- is not readable . Tried it on multiple machines just to double-check . What poor quality control this company must have . Rest assured , they will never see any more of my money . I vote with my wallet .
 I also have had very frustating problems playing this game - even on a desktop . It is very inconvenient to have to hunt down and insert the CD everytime you want to play the game . Imagin if you had to do that with all your software !
 Bought this Chess game 3 disc set . Installs just fine , but will not play . Most useless 3 disc Chess set ever . McReady had a better chess game in '' The Thing '' . It 's not my XP computer , It 's this peice of crap chess game that wo n't work .
 I should have done my homework first and browse through the reviews before buying this product . Anyway , at the end it was not that bad
 I bought and installed CM10 a couple of days ago . The first game I played was great . I have Fritz8 as well and , for a `` weekend '' chess player , I found CM more challenging for my level of play without being overwhelming . Fritz is not a good program for non-grand masters - I can never handicap it enough to actually win a game . Plus the CM10 graphics are much better than Fritz , better than previous CM versions to actually , and the teaching materials on CM10 , as on every CM version I 've ever used , are great.There 's just one problem . It may cause your hard drive to crash . The second game I played caused my computer to freeze . I immediately started to back up my files , in the case of the worst possible scenario , I 'd at least not have lost my documents . Except when I tried to burn my doc files -LRB- including pictures and music -RRB- , to a blank CD , first my computer recognized the drive and that there was a blank CD in it , but when I tried writing my files to the CD , the system refused to recognize my CD-RW drive , so backing up ANYTHING to CD became impossible . Then today , when I tried to run the CM10 program , I received the Dreaded Blue Screen . Having read some of the reviews detailing the problems with writable drives , I 'm pretty sure CM10 caused this . I have n't seen that blue screen since before Windows XP . I had to spend over an hour unistalling the program -LRB- I did n't dare put the CM disc into my CD/DVD play drive -RRB- . Even after unistalling , my backup system would n't work . Now , I 'm not sure how to ever retrieve copies of my doc files for back up . I finally used System Restore and erased all the files but one -LRB- a CM-10 file that wo n't let my computer delete it -RRB- . I certainly wish this program was n't such a mine field . Of course , it may not have been this program at all ; it may have been my PC -LRB- Dell - the worst computer I 've ever had -RRB- , or even Windows . The fact remains , however , that nothing like this has ever happened before I installed ths software . Bottom line
 Great game but be very careful of Ubi 's copyright protection software , Starforce , -LRB- its like a virius on your computer -RRB- they have stopped using it but will not issue a fix for it to run on Windows Vista . Hopefully Ubi will fix this so the game has a future with Vista .
 I would love to buy this game but I do not want to risk harm to my computer from the hidden Starforce copy protection . Google it ... I 'm sure all the people that wanted it already have it legal or not . I would like to buy a copy without the damaging Starforce.I 've heard there are illegal versions available but I want to buy it Ubi Soft ! There are many games I 've bought and played that do n't use this draconian method of copy protection .
 Gameplay-wise , the game seemed great . Unfortunately you are forced to install copy protection software which completely screwed up my computer . Fresh install of windows and there is ZERO chance of this game being reinstalled.Ubisoft is now on my do not buy from list .
 The DVD will not run because I have a plug-in DVD player/recorder , and their copy-protection will not allow the game to run on such a device . Tech support at UbiSoft said the only solution is for me to go out and buy and install a DVD player-only into my main computer . They will not refund my money . So I 'm left out $ 30 , and the game wo n't run . This is the last UbiSoft game I will ever buy . Their should be punitive damages against this kind of corporate behavior .
 This product contains starforce copy protection which is supposed to keep people from making illegal copies . The bad thing about starforce is that for legal purchases it does things to your comptuer which are permanent and possibly destructive . Do a search on starforce problems and you will see what I mean.I installed this software and when I first tried to run it , it installed some DEVICE DRIVERS on my system and windows asked me to reboot . After I rebooted I noticed the device drivers where there . I tried to remove them . After rebooting again , the device drivers were back -LRB- like a virus -RRB- . I uninstalled the game . The device drivers were back . I removed the device drivers and rebooted , they were back . In addition , `` starforce '' has a program that runs all the time on my computer , even when I am not playing the game , taking up CPU speed and memory on my PC , making it slower . It can not be uninstalled in any way that I am aware.Since I installed the game , and after I un-installed it , starforce program has interfered with my USB external drive , making it impossible to create images of CD 's I use for work , disabled some features of my DVD drive , disabled some features of my legally purchased CD creation software I use for work.None of this is disclosed in the end-user license agreement . One important note to customers who may have purchased this game , however , if you call or write the publisher and tell them that you disagree with the license agreement -LRB- the contact information is in the agreement -RRB- they will provide a cash refund for the game , even if it is opened .
 I have not even been able to install the game due to the use of Starforce copy protection software contained on the DVD . My drive see 's only empty folders . -LSB- ... -RSB- Bottom line - do not waste your money on this game - if you open it and it does not work , you can not return it ... Ubisoft does not care , they will not help , they just want your money . Do not buy ANY Ubisoft products - if you do not want to get ripped off .
 This software screwed me over i can play batlefield 2 right because of this damn game !!!! Stay away Stay Away , Do not approach this game , if your value your computer you will not put this piece of crap in your disc drive . Treat this like its a disease ridden , virus carrying game !!!! proceed with caution , run away , better yet burn the damn thing . By the way the game is cool and realistic but is it really worth screwing up your computer ?
 The simulation is excellent and generally rewards the use of correct tactics . I would recommend some better options for crew management , like a `` watchbill '' function to make rotating crew stations easier.But I 've gotten completely tired of trying to tweak my computer to deal with the crashes . My attempts to contact -LSB- ... -RSB- . com have been futile -LRB- some sort of `` unexpected error '' which prevents me from logging in -RRB- and the responses on the community forum are generally snotty techno-weenie remarks in the vein of `` the code is perfect so you must be an idiot '' . No , I 'm just a customer . Or in this case former customer . If the product supports a given hardware set then I should be able to install it and run it without spending hours reconfiguring my computer . The other games I 've installed have bugs but do n't crash my computer -- just SH3 .
 just got the game it wont work , I put it in my windows xp and before I bought the game i made sure I could run it by going to system requirements lab and it said i passed the recomended features but i put the game in my computer and nothing happens absolutley nothing no error message no install window -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought a total of three games for myself and th two friends . The game will not work on windows 7 64 bit operating system . So now the only thing we can do is use them as coffee coasters . Not very happy !
 I meet all system mins and then some . This game crashes constantly . I upgraded with lastest patches , no help . From the tiny bit I was able to play it seemed like it would have been a good game . So UBISoft , where are your QA people?Don ' t waste your money ...
 The title of this item says `` Silent Hunter III -LRB- DVD-ROM -RRB- by Ubisoft -LRB- CD-ROM - Mar 15 , 2005 -RRB- - Windows 2000 / 98 / XP '' . Just under that it says `` Platform
 This would be a great submarine sim -LRB- I love submarine sims ! -RRB- if the software worked . It does n't . Further , UbiSoft 's technical support is abysmal -- `` Just do a clean reinstall and start over . `` 1 . -RRB- Game crashes and/or freezes frequently .2 . -RRB- Saved games are arbitraily lost .3 . -RRB- Time acceleration can dump you in the midst of attacking destroyers and bombers , even if it 's the middle of the night in a rain storm . Sometimes , the destroyers are invisible ! 4 . -RRB- When you try to upgrade your submarine , you die . Only , you do n't know it until the next time you start the game.My machine may not be the hottest thing going , but it 's plenty good enough to meet the stated minimums for this POS.Summary
 I have a monster PC and game constantly -LRB- 3.2 Ghz Pentium , 2Gig of Ram , SATA hd 's and a ATI9800PRO Video card -RRB- . Always purchase my games new because I like to support the industry . This is the first game purchase I wish I could send back .1 -RRB- The graphics are great and the game is fun . However , the mission-play is worthless . There are no special ops , just patrol after patrol after patrol ... 2 -RRB- I have n't had the `` copy protection crash '' issue .3 -RRB- The game contains many UI problems , bugs , and when you crank the time-compression up the UI becomes almost unresponsive .4 -RRB- The game contains many misspellings and sometimes the written weapon descriptions within the game do n't make sense because of grammatical errors.If I were you , I would wait to see if UBI decides to fix these problems or just stick it 's head in the sand.In summary , I think this product was low-budget and rushed to market while skipping some critical QC steps .
 I have the orignal silent service for commador and desk top disk for windows and this one is not as interesting or fun to play . It is a u-boat and trying to sink U.S. shipping . did not know this when I ordered it , too hard to play and keep track of what I 'm doing .
 It was hard to give this software stars , since the game itself is a great simulation . The trouble is
 This did not run on my PC . I had problems with frequent game stoppages . The &#34; training &#34; portion of the game is a bit hard and you can not proceed until you &#34; graduate &#34; .
 product didnt work , , , just that simple . so that puts it in the junk category as far as im thinkingpure junk
 In many ways , just another retread of the Commodore 64 game from 20 years ago . The graphics look great ... and are interesting for a few minutes . But then its back to old lo-res map screens , waiting and waiting for the sub to get into position for something interesting . Many `` careers '' will die of boredom . And after three patches , its still buggy .
 Shipment of the game was very quick.However , it would not load up on my computer . CD drive could not find the disk . Other games load fine so it has to be the game disk being defective.Return was requested and handled promptly .
 Thought I was getting a bargain when the price of this `` simulation '' dropped to $ 20 . Instead , I paid $ 20 for something that had the wrong verification code on the box . After that problem was resolved -LRB- with no help from Ubisoft Tech Support -RRB- , another problem appeared . The program crashes whenever it tries to load up.This is supposed to be a game . It 's supposed to be FUN . Paying $ 20 for something that simply does n't work the way it is supposed to is no fun . Having to contend with a tech support which seems to shield itself from those who need support is even less fun.If anyone out there knows of a company that makes a product that actually WORKS THE WAY IT IS SUPPOSED TO , please let me know . Quality products are becoming extinct and companies like Ubisoft seem to be becoming more the rule than the exception .
 This game is way too difficult and complex . No way to reduce the difficulty level , either . Would not recommend for people who are n't expert gamers .
 This games is infected with the Dumbo Syndrome which afects may many Great games . The Dumbo Syndrome occures when the designersloose they minds and spit all over their beatifull design.I give 1 star cause at least the grahics are good , but what good are they for if it is nightmare to play the game?This is game is one fo the stupidest designed gamea ever produced.Also this game incredibly as it may sound TAKEs 1 GIG of RAM ... My God , i have seen other games which are by far more complicated than an FAKE OCEAN and some little ships and they dont even take 500 MEGs ... I guess this guys dont know how towrite neat tight Code , which makes them second rated programmers ... I still remeber Doom oh well what happend to the good old days ... I have played Raising Tide and even though they concentrate more on surface combat , it does kick this game badly ... Cant play campaign , no it is not a bug that does not let you play the game , and no is not that you MUST complete your academyrequirements , i think that unless the game AI likes you might as well through it in the trash can.It did not like me so after creating a profile and completing the required taks such as Torpedo Exam , Convoy Exam with Average results the stupid thing still does not let me play campaign ... Save your money until the idiots realize this does not cut it and let people start campaing as they wish ... What a shame it could have been super game .
 Pay for the game and still be treated like a criminal!This copy protection is painful !
 Today I have read about no less than three games -LRB- including this one -RRB- that have such stupid copy protection schemes that I will not buy the game . Way to go ! You have lost another customer.At some point the STEAM , starforce , dvd-rw hating game companies are going to figure out why there sales keep slipping.Too bad ... I 'm off to find a game that does n't compromise my computer .
 Not mentioned here but only on the Installation Instructions is that this game will ONLY run on `` NVIDIA GeForce 3/4/FX series except MX series cardsATI RADEON 8500/9000 family cards or newer `` I checked their website FAQ and they 've added no addtional cards since the Installation Instructions were published.Since I have a high end Matrox that leaves me out . Just wanted to mention this as this can result in a disappointment although Amazon was hassle free in getting a refund .
 I have just received my second copy and the game wo n't load . My machine is fairly new , an HP with a gig of ram and several other goodies but the game wo n't load . I am sending back for the second time requesting a refund .
 1 star is not an accurate rating as I am not able to play the game . Perhaps it is a 5 * game , but I 'll never know . Make sure you check the system requirement before ordering . You need a DVD/CD Rom , Pixel Shader 1.1 capabilties -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- , and 512 Ram -LRB- 1024 recomended -RRB- I know it is my own fault for not doing more research -LRB- heck , I admit the second I heard this was coming out I had my credit card in hand to pre-order , without doing research -RRB- but even now I ca n't find anywhere on here about the system requirements ... make sure you go to the UBI Soft main page to verify you can run this game before ordering .
 Reason enough not to buy it.JR
 I play SH II repeatedly . Although its outdated , it does give you the taste and feel of commanding an American submarine against enemy sea activities.I was very disappointed that SH III was all about sinking allied forces . I returned it immediately despite knowing it would be an advancement of SH II game-playing . How can you enjoy sinking your own countries friendly forces even in play?Rated not much fun all at .
 I was very excited to get this game and the day I got it in the mail from amazon I went straight to the computer and the game simply would n't load . The reason is because I have a regular CD-rom not a DVD-Rom , therefore the game does n't work . So I take it to my laptop and try it there . However , if you read the small print on the box it says it wo n't work with laptops because of the graphics card , so the game just `` glitches '' through everything . Overall , I was extremely excited for this game , I 'm sure it 's really great , but just make sure you have what you need to play it !
 I am not sure if it is because I am trying this on Windows 7 but the graphics are sluggish . There are NO instructions and it wo n't let me past grooming the horse , it just gets stuck there . Very disappointed in this game .
 I should have read other reviews , before purchasing , I my self had been an long time Equestrian and was looking for a challenging game , well I found it in this one ! Can not seem to get beyond to feed the horse , pushed every button I know of and some in combo ! , NO SUPPORT from REDMILE , the info sheet they give you with the email -LRB- Under construction and has been for over a month ! -RRB- , I Uninstalled it from my computer and threw it on a shelf in self disgust ! Searched EVERY gaming place I could find for the PC instructions and always failed , So when someone has them , would love to have you post it here and if I find them I will do the same !!!
 BUYER BEWARE!I bought this title for my soon-to-be 10 year old daughter -LRB- who has several of the `` Let 's Ride '' games as well as a few other of the available 3D horse riding games . They all have similar features , some just do it better than others.While this game looks polished and runs smoothly , I was extremely upset to find that there were NO INSTRUCTIONS in the box . I bought it here from Amazon , and it was in a shrink-wrapped box , but there were only setup instructions which included information that to get the full manual , go to the maker 's website . But while the website was correct , the page where the manual supposedly was downloadable was n't there -LRB- page not found error in browser -RRB- . I browsed the entire website - which is 100 % marketing - little or no support . Nothing.What makes this such a big deal is that there are icons on the screen while practicing/competing that represent your horse 's stamina , hapiness , whatever -LRB- who knows since they are n't labeled w/text ? -RRB- but because of the lack of instructions , it 's impossible to complete an event w/out your horse tiring out and failing.This game would be great if the manufacturer -LRB- and/or distributor -RRB- supported it properly . But like most of the horse game genre , there 's little or no support available . Right now it collects dust while my daughter plays scratched up older titles . Every time she tries to play , it just frustrates her to the point she now says , `` I hate this game ! '' As such , I ca n't give it more than a one , no matter how `` pretty '' it looks . *** UPDATE 5/29/2008 *** I emailed the publisher asking how to get instructions -LRB- got the email from the website listed on the installation instructions -RRB- and received no response . This game is still practically unplayable and I stand firmly behind my original one star rating . Too bad , I would have much preferred to have removed it .
 IM STILL WAITING ON THIS SLOW SNAIL MAIL , HOPEFULLY IT WILL COME TODAY I HAVE TRIED TRACKING THIS DOWN WITH NO LUCK AND ITS FOR CHRISTMAS IT SAYS IT WAS DELIEVERED BUT NOT HERE ?
 This product is worthless . Difficult to set up and then when I did my daughter showed little interest . I simply deleted the game from my computer .
 i recently rented this game . i had a friend over and him and i are major college football fans when it come to games . the opening sequence was great ... it really got us excited . in our first duel i was Norte Dame and he was Tennessee . graphics are about like Game Day 2001 . guess that 's reasonable sinced they are both made by 989 sports . we began to play . the conveince of not have to pick the kickoff play everytime you get right into the action . i kicked the ball and his teammate caught it . he would run about 15 yards then i woudl hammer him . we checked the replay and right away noticed a glitch . the player was standing 5 yards away from where the ball was goin ' to land and he still caught it . -LRB- how does that work ? -RRB- we also noticed that he had not really tackled him ... he dind ' t hit him clear but still got the tackle . also ... players walked thourgh other players . this was annoying it happens on Madden also but it is not as noticable as on this game . we soon realized this game was almost set up like Blitz . Nailing people making them do flips etc. being able to jump very high ... and dive past 5 yards ... we were n't even on Arcade mode ... the commentator was very annoying ... if you think that Madden and his commentary is bad ... wait to your hear his lame jokes and dull comentary ... the passing is horrible your players do n't even make an attempt at the ball . it 's very hard and confusing ... another disappointment in the game was the fight songs ... they only have about 30 of the original songs ... the others are generic and nothing special ... browsing around the stadium we foudn that the fans were horrible ... they look just like a stiff board . with one motion captured ... -LRB- mouth open , arm in air , etc. -RRB- another disappointing feature ... searching thourhought the game ... it does have it 's peak ... as being able to coach 50 years in the future being special teams coach , offensive coach , coordinator , asst. coach , head coach , and more . you pick your recruits and get chances to coach at other schools . overall this game only gets about 1 star . it 's not at all that i expected . if you are a very avid college football game fan -LRB- i thought i was until i played this game -RRB- this could be your game . if you can live with the dull commentary , glitches , bad passing , extreme abilities , and slow gameplay ... then this is your game ... but ... i would HIGHLY recommened that you rent this game ... i wanted to buy it badly , but decided to rent it first ... good choice ... RENT IT FIRST
 88-83 . That was the score of the first game I played . Realistic ? I think not . Bottom line is that this game may be fun if you 're having a party , but I would n't recommend that anyone buy this.For starters , on kickoff the ball just lays on the ground , there is no tee . When I tried to make a tackle from behind , all of a sudden I appeared in front of the receiver . Very strange.Passing in the game can become very easy . With the help of total control passing it seems to be the most realistic part of the game . In other aspects , whether it was a blitz or not , after about 2 seconds I already had 3 lineman in my face . It was very frustrating . The running game is not as fluid as the likes of Madden . There is a juke and a spin move , but the R1 and L1 buttons are pitch buttons , and you have a tendency to push those to juke , instead the juke buttons are the R2 and L2 buttons . I fumbled 10 times in the game.Although I say this all the time , you DEFINITELY want to rent this game before buying it . Game play can be deep with all the features it has packed into it , but I feel it would just get tedious and boring with the lack of superb graphics.The game can be fun if you 're with a bunch of friends , but playing by yourself this game can get very , very old . Another huge disappointment on the PS2 .
 If you see this game in the store , just pretend you never saw it , walk away . I regretfully spent five dollars renting it , and it is the worst football game I have played ever . It 's like 989 had a good thing on PS1 and just stuck with it , did n't update graphics or gameplay , they just repackaged the same old -LRB- stuff -RRB- . The graphics on this are horrible , I think the most time was spent on the referee calling the fouls -LRB- which is the only fairly-decent looking part -RRB- . But hey I did n't rent the game to be in awe of the graphics on the ref . Another thing is how it plays , when I return a kickoff it looks like the kick returner is walking on a tredmill , or is in one of those scary dreams you have where your feet are moving but your body is n't . I could go on and on with the -LRB- ... -RRB- of how it looks and plays but I would rather not . I played one game and went out and rented NCAA 2002 , it is fifty times better than this . This game has alienated me from all 989 games . Learn from your competition 989 -LRB- EA sports if you have n't noticed -RRB- or your just going to drown .
 I am a huge college football fan and I was really pumped about this game.I rented it lucky for me and the game is bad players walk through each other crowd is bad passingis way too complicated i suggest even if you are not an nfl fan but a college football fan go with madden and let us hope that ea puts out an ncaa football game in years to come
 If you value your time and money , DO NOT buy this game . The graphics , music , and gameplay are the worst I have ever seen on playstation or Playstation 2 . 989 should be ashamed for even trying to pass this off as a real game .
 This game is the worst football game I have ever played . . there was no thought put into the gameplay . . On the east mode I was lucky to have under 100 points a game . . 1 play drives are not common . On the hard mode , you cant do anything on offense and you cant stop the pass on d. . actually , defending the pass is difficult on any mode . but if you like graphics and stats , then this ... game is for you . . but you can get graphics and stats with any game .
 I am a huge college football fan and I was really pumped about this game.I rented it lucky for me and the game is bad players walk through each other crowd is bad passingis way too complicated i suggest even if you are not an nfl fan but a college football fan go with madden and let us hope that ea puts out an ncaa football game in years to come
 Where to start with this stinker ... . well , I fired up this game and I immediatelty had to play as my alma mater , the 2000 Big Ten Champions Purdue Boilermakers . I thought I would take it kind of easy in my first game , so I played the season mode , knowing Purdue 's first game this season was against Central Michigan or someother creampuff . -LRB- incidently , PU shut them out this season -RRB- . So I was not expecting a very big defensive struggle . What I was not expecting was to be able to score a TD on the first play every time I got the ball USING THE EXACT SAME PLAY EVERY TIME . I also tried for two point conversions every time , running the exact same play every time , and was successfull 100 % of the time . So , I guess you could say that the AI stinks . I even played against Fla. . State and OK , and still was able to socre at will . The other problem I have is when you play defense . If the AI calls a pass and your defender even thinks about getting a millimeter behind the reciever , you can forget it . It seems the AI can put on a jet pack and sprint down the field and you have no hopes to catch him . If you like high scoring games with little defense , then this game is for you . If you are looking for a college version of Madden , forget it . The graphis look bad -LRB- for PS2 -RRB- , and the gameplay is horrible . Having the team 's individual fight songs is about the only saving grace for this game ... . wait for EA to put out thier NCAA game
 I gave this game one star instead of zero because it made a good frisbee .
 I took advantage of the low price and bought this piece of garbage . I got taken big time . I am new to poker having watched Moneymaker on ESPN a couple of years ago . So , I am no expert . But , this game makes it ridiciously easy to win and all the players play basically the same way . If you are patient you are basically guaranteed of finishing in the money in every tournament and I am winning about 30 % of the tournaments . This despite a lot of really bad beats.The computer players inevitably give away when they get any kind of pair pre-flop by raising . Then as the hand moves on if they have a good hand they will slow play it trying to sucker you in to betting more . Additionally , they will try and bluff and have no brakes when doing so leading to a plethora of all ins where you take the computer players money without them having even a pair.Finally , the graphics and presentation are quite ordinary and repetitive . You get to play in different casinos , but except for the opening shot outside the casino , none of them show you any differences inside to give the game some flavor . The computer opponents also have no personality . Since the AI is so bad at least they should provide us with fun interaction with the computer players , but it does not happen.I suggest to all that they avoid this game . I ca n't give a reccomendation for any other poker games out there either . Does anyone know of any good ones ?
 took me about 30 minutes to realize the AI players never fold after a flop ... . online play is horrible , expected dozens of people and games in progress ... nope . . saw 2 others online . SAVE YOUR 20 BUCKS AND BUY SOMETHING ELSE .
 I wish I could have given this game `` minus '' stars . I would have done it . I have played games before that , after I had played them a few times , I could beat them every time . I have n't figured out how to get into this game 's good graces , because it seems when it wants me to win I win and when it does n't , I do n't . The cards , obviously , are not dealt at random . I lost count of how many times I have gotten the same pair of cards -LRB- like 5 of clubs and deuce of spades - I use this combination because that is the one that seems to turn up most often -RRB- on consecutive hands . I do n't know how many times I have held a good hand - say queen high flush - and been beaten by a king high flush or other such nonsense . I 'm not saying it ca n't happen in a real game , just not with the regularity it does in this game.There are many other flaws mentioned by other reviewers that I have encountered at one time or another . When you put them all together , they make for a really sorry poker game .
 I bought this game from an Office Depot and needless to say , they refused to give me a refund after opening the package . I wasted $ 20 on this crap and please do n't do the same . The game is so slow , my mouse was always at least 5 seconds behind my last movement and it never moved fluently ... I 'm not making this up , this will drive you nutts . I could n't even complete one hand of poker before I took the game out of my computer and uninstalled it . There is no excuse for software gliches like that . Oh yeah , it took almost 30 minutes to download , what PC game takes 30 minutes to download ? ... Finally , the `` create a character '' mode only has about 4 different body types and 4 different faces ... All of the faces look like 40 yr old axe murderers and old fat ladies . This GAME SUCKS ... DO N'T EVER BUY IT ... I just left mine at the office depot customer service desk , I do n't care what they do with it ... Just do n't buy it .
 Moneymaker himself would n't play this game . Why ? He 'd be embarrassed getting knocked off the first table or repeatedly bluffed off hands when AI players call pot-sized bets for half their stack with nothing and will re-raise you with just a K.I went to the web-site to see if I could download a patch as apparently this game shipped without any logic . I 'm amazed that some sites give this product a 3.8 / 10 rating - based on what ? Afraid to upset the poker community?worst.game.ever
 The beginning level players call trip all ins without a draw and catch more often than not , leaving you broke . Therefore it is almost impossible to get to the tournaments and frustrates players honing skills .
 The CD I purchased for my wife did not work . The CD just made a loud ginding noise , David Peck took care of my problem right away and to my satis faction . David Peck wes the only supplier who said that he would take care of any problem I had and he did just that . GREAT SERVICEEarl LeBlanc
 I bought this game thinking it would be fun buying and upgrading cars , then racing them . I also thought it would be a cheaper alternative to Need For Speed Underground . Well the upgradings not bad but the racing is terrible . The graphics are so bad . If is fun upgrading your car but thats it . There are also so many bugs and glitches that it is hard to play .
 While starting this game , it 'll serve one best to go right into a coma . You start off with -LRB- even on the easiest level -RRB- very little cash , and attempt to build a small 2 page tabloid into a giant tabloid empire . Each week consists of 5 research days to make the stories convincing and truthful . It was a tycoon-type game , so it was worth a shot . Well , this could be the most boring , unintelligible , tycoon-style game out there.First , management is done from a single stagnant screen with mouse-over animations that , after the 5 millionth time of seeing the animations gives one a sense of rage . The options on the management screen are
 If anyone is reading this and thinking o maybe i want to buy this it looks fun , well fun is not the word you want to use , how about so BORING , BORING , BORING . This game looks fun on the out side but is so boring when you start to play the game . I mean i almost fell asleep playing it now i know i sould read the feedback befor i decide to buy it ! -LRB- Trust me , i wasted 20 bucks -RRB-
 I totally agree with the guy before me ! This was awful . I think the one part that bugs me the most is you ca n't rotate the camera angles . That is really irritating because it seems like you need to during game play !! Very boring game , and the graphics could be better ... I Do n't Recommend This Game !!!!!!
 Contrary to the other reviewers , I do n't find the game graphics too bad . Nor are the controls terrible . However , once you get the hang of it , NOTHING HAPPENS.The whole point is that you build and operate a prison . Good concept . The options for buildings are good , and it is fairly easy to get control . But you run out of building space reasonably quickly . So , you ca n't add buildings , you ca n't move on , you 're just stuck making tremendous profits and changing nothing . Becomes terribly repetitive , you keep praying for ANYTHING to change -- more land , a riot , anything!Anyway , good concept , decent game , but changes too slowly .
 While at first its way too cool seeing the guard beat up the Inmates with their nightstick , it happens a thousand times over and the animations stay the same , after the inmates on the ground , they suddenly Appear on their feet again and go on about their buisness . Not only that , keeping maximum and high security inmates away from Medium and low security inmates is a joke . You try to build a fence to keep the High security away from low security , then when each day you take in two more , they all enter in the same place , the low security yard , then you have to search every stinking inmate until you find the one and assign him to a cell and drag him into the area for High security . Its overall Bullcrap in my opinion because if you put the fence up to keep the other inmates out , then New inmates cant get in , plus your lucky if the fences actually work , building them is a complete joke , as they arenet made to connect together and inmates can just waltz right through them . Not to mention the poor controls and crappy graphics . ITs Horrible for a Game . Even if you enjoy it the first hour or two of playing , THe Third and Fourth hours will Burn you out fast leaving to sheer boredom and an Epiphany of how much money you wasted . and Time for that matter waiting on the game you thought would be fun 's arrival . I say The Tycoon series should stick with the same boring Rollercoaster and zoo themes , because honestly , THere is no Shanks or shivs on here , and all you see is a few guys throwing punches , and thats that .
 Put it towards something better . humm lets see the list
 First time i played the game , it froze up just loading the freeplay . Then again , and again . I thought maybe it was my notebook , but it seems many other share the same problems . Corrections is my livelyhood , so i thought this would be a humorous look at everything . but i was very dissapointed . the way that prison life is run hints at how real prisons are , but pretty unrealistic . its not like flight simulator x is to really flying . but for 10 bucks it is entertaining when the game runs correctly . the controls are horrid just like the gameplay . and the lack of space and different views makes it near impossible to maximize the tiny plot of land you have to build everything on . there just isnt enough room . all in all its a pretty crappy game , but then again most games found in the bargin bin are there for a reason .
 It 's an insult to call this game a `` tycoon '' game . Operation is incredibly slow ... as if I was playing off a 51/4 '' floppy from 20 years ago . The controls are infantile in comparison to the real Tycoon games , Rollercoaster and Zoo . Please save your money , do n't buy this .
 I am glad I never paid for this game . Great thing was I installed the game , I have never needed the disk again . Woohoo , so brother-in-law gets his game back and a sorry you wasted your money . I only knew of one cheat code . -LRB- enter , type sleepworker , then hit m-key -RRB- The money code . 10,000 a pop not bad . hated having to hit ctrl key to change camera angle with mouse . BLAH . Name sounded cool , graphics not to bad , loved being able to pick up one of the fighting inmates and drop somewhere else , kept my fighting at 0 for a few years until I got to many inmates to watch them all . If it was not for money cheat you run out of money an can never recover once you have a few things in place . Oh well , like I said I did not waste money on it . ; - -RRB-
 I enjoy some of the other titles from the Tycoon set of games , so I thought this would be as much fun as Roller Coaster Tycoon and some of the others . I could n't have been more wrong!First of all , this game does NOT come with an instruction booklet or anything that would help you learn to play or even what keys do what . I had to scroll through a readme file just to figure out some of the most basic things , and then I had to search through online walkthroughs to learn how to play . Very time consuming!Next , the game just is n't that much fun . If you are able to build and manage a prison at a low custody level without problems -LRB- can be done -RRB- then just make sure not to make even one mistake ! That 's all it will take to get a riot started that will go on and on despite any logical responses.In short , this game has a good concept but poor design.Not recommended to any avid gamer .
 Well , first of all , I have to give this game a VERY low rating , because it seems to ME , you have to use the money cheat JUST TO GET STARTED in the game . Otherwise , you will wind up not even having enough money to house the inmates.Secondly , all this game consists of is pretty much waiting for the next parole period to come up so you can decide who stays , and who gets out -LRB- based on length of time inmate has been there , how many rehabilitation projects he 's completed , how many fights he 's been in , and what , if any , gang affiliations he has -RRB- . There 's really nothing you can do about the fighting that goes on in this game between inmates . I have yet to see a guard break up a fight . So to me this game is just long and boring.The graphics , in my opinion , ARE kinda cute , but not $ 20 worth .
 After seeing it on various store shelves staring at me , I figured I 'd give it a spin ... Prison Tycoon sounds like a pretty cool concept - Build a prison your way , making it as hard or soft on prisoners as you want while dealing with riots and other cool stuff . But the concept behind this game is where the coolness ends ... Although it 's a budget title , The interface and sound outright suck , and the game gets repetative waaaay too quick . The graphics are passable , but in no way compensate for the game 's other brutal shortcomings . The game has cool building and customization options , but they are too few and too bland.What could have been a pretty awesome budget title turned into a gigantic dud . Do n't touch this waste of time with a 10-foot pole unless you just had a lobotomy and enjoy sitting at your computer with a blank stare . For a better budget tycoon-type experience , pick up RCT or Tropico.Pros
 This game is ridiculous ! A complete waste of money ! Absolutely NO fun factor at all ! Everyone I know , who has this game , tells me there must be something wrong with their version because the graphics are all messed up and it only plays half the time on their computer . Hmmmmmmm ... FOUR different people , all with different discs , complaining about the discs being defective ? This game is obviously GARBAGE!I 've played Prison Tycoon for about two days now and I already want to break the disc in half ! When the game does decide to work -LRB- about 1/3 of the time -RRB- it 's NO FUN WHATSOEVER ! You ca n't navigate the screen anywhere -LRB- which makes it impossible to see anything -RRB- , the other controls are just as awful , this game ranks in the top five MOST BORING GAMES OF ALL TIME ! I ca n't even get the cheat codes to work ! Buying this game was one of the stupidest things I 've EVER done ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS LAME , WORTHLESS , PATHETIC TRASH !
 After seeing this game in the store , I knew I had to play it . What a waste of money . The camera angles are horrible , it 's very difficult to learn and overall it 's just not fun . Save your money .
 This game was a total waste of money and hard drive space . First off , like everybody else said ... this game had terrible graphics ... you cant rotate the screen . I would n't buy the second one . I want to take it back and get my money back but you ca n't . This game actually looked pretty cool to play until you get to the screen . You only get 3 places to buy your prison . You ca n't control the prisoners . . they do what they want to do . Its hard to break up fights ... I would n't recommed this at all . . go buy a different game .
 I used to work in the prison system here in Texas as a correctional officer and I had to quit because the stress of the job nearly killed me . Dr 's . found evidence of a heart attack I never knew I had while I was working there and after playing this game I have to say that it was more fun working as a corrections officer than it is playing this game .
 I have to admit that I do n't know if I can add anything to what the other reviews have already stated . This game sucked , plain and simple . The graphics were not great . The game play was difficult to understand . Controls were confusing and did n't function as they were supposed to . Everything was so random . You could build the prison but it did n't really seem like you had much control over what the prisoners did . You just watched as they basically chose for themselves what they were going to do . Any attempt to control or influence their actions seemed pointless.Slow , choppy and not nearly enough options .
 Wow ... That 's the last time I purchase a game before reading the Amazon reviews . They are mostly dead on.It 's a really interesting and out of the ordinary concept . I could n't wait to install it . Now I weep for my wasted 10 bucks . Wjile the graphics are only `` ok '' . . the game really falls into the abyss when it comes to gameplay . You could spend hours waiting for anything to happen . There also is n't enough room to work with as far as building your prison . It just all around sucks.If there was a `` Watching Paint Dry Tycoon '' ... it would be more exciting than this .
 I had high hopes for this game . I am an ` Oz ' fan , so I figured a Prison Game would be fun and entertaining . Although , This game is far from it . Ca n't rotate the camera angle around , so a 3D is n't happening . The prison fills-up very very slowly.Can ' t hire staff . Cheating makes the game playable and more enjoyable , even with the cheats codes , the game still falls short!Basically this is another boring Tycoon game from ValuSoft .
 Just a notice to anyone thinking of buying from this person -LRB- though it 's doubtful since they 've been inactive for a long time -RRB- that I 've had a personal experience with their fake cartridges and it seems I 'm not the only one!I hope everyone is able to look at this review and learn to see the signs because this was very distressing to me , though I did n't come to understand the situation until just now . At first everything seemed fine ; the price was n't bad , condition was good , and the delivery was speedy ! I popped the cart in as soon as I received it and began playing , stopping somewhere around the first gym and saving . It played perfectly , there was nothing suspicious -- until I left it alone for a few days . When I picked it back up and tried to resume my file , it gave me a message that the data had been corrupted but it would be able to retrieve my last save anyway . I was so relieved and at the time I was n't suspicious at all ! I did n't get much farther , though , and after playing a little more I let it sit for a couple years , until tonight.When I picked it back up , it was in the hopes of transferring some of the Pokemon to a newer game . I had just found out about that option and felt like I 'd have an easier time with it if I did so . This time when I turned the game on , it told me the save file had been deleted . Now , I still figured this was my fault . I did n't handle the game properly afterward ; it sat in a dusty drawer all this time . I did n't remember deleting it , though . I would n't have done so intentionally when I had a good line up of Pokemon that I distinctly recalled . Either way , I resigned myself to that fate and tried to at least get the starters into my copy of Soul Silver for the night , just hoping it would manage to save and keep it . I wound up playing for about an hour and a half . When I was getting ready to go to sleep I decided to finally do the exchange but my copy of Soul Silver was n't registering the cartridge . I tried to reload my save and was met with the same message as the first time -- the save had been corrupted , but it still loaded from my previous save . Again , I blamed myself and sighed , saving one more time as soon as it let me so I could keep trying . It still did n't register , so I went back to Fire Red.This time it told me it had been deleted.Suffice to say , I was very frustrated . I started searching for reasons why the cartridge might be doing this . At first I found innocent reasons like I had thought ; damaged cart , dirty circuit board , things like that . It made sense , until someone on a forum mentioned that some fake cartridges produced these exact same messages . I felt like I hit the nail on the head , but how could my cartridge be fake ? It looked completely authentic to me . I could n't have been more wrong about that.My search lead me to several guides on how to spot fake cartridges . Practically all of their hints lined up with my own . Not only was the case of the pak incorrect for the game , but the label itself was too . The Nintendo Seal of Approval is in a completely random place , the model number 's wrong , the label itself is incorrect , it does n't have a special product number hidden in the label , and it even says `` Licensed by Nintendo '' when it should merely have the Nintendo logo.Looking at other customer reviews , I can see this was no simple accident . This was n't the first fake cartridge they sold and they left the others they gave them to hanging with no refunds or communication . GBAtopGames is a scam and I advise that no one else attempt purchasing from them -- if they ever come back , that is . Their sudden and lengthy disappearance is suspicious enough to me . They were getting negative reviews and wanted to cut and run with what they had . I contacted the seller but there 's very little hope of any reply . I 'm not even worried about a refund at this point , I just want to make sure other people do n't fall into the same situation as I have ! Shop carefully and read ALL of the user reviews on popular games like this ! If even one of them mentions a fake cartridge , it would be best if you did not purchase from them at all !
 I ordered this game for my son and it was not great at all . The game did not work . I should have sent it back and got a refund , but my son said that it was okay . He could n't see wasting anymore time with a used game . I was very disappointed . He said that the game was fun , but he could n't get to any other levels because it kept shutting off . Bummer !!!!!
 The game would not save , When I sent an email to the seller they never responded
 The cartridge arrived and the label looked different from any other pokemon game label . I overlooked this and when I went to save my file , the game froze . After i reset it , my file had been erased . Now , when I try to take the very first step in the game , the game crashes . I am not happy with HOPE MEDIA 's excuse for a game . Any other seller 's game would have been fine .
 Remember the old Red Version ? This is it but with better graphics . All They did was remake the very first Pokemon games . To me that is just a waste of money but my boys wanted it and so I got it . They have now beat it within a few weeks of playing because they already had beat the red blue and yellow versions of Pokemon years ago . So if you really liked thoses games and wanted to see them with better graphics get this game but if you are looking for a new Pokemon game to beat I would n't get this one its just a remake .
 I rated the game as a 1 due to the fact that the old battery save system is unable to store data anymore . So there is no point playing it or trying to use it to transfer Pokemon from it to other pokemon games .
 I have never received it and complained several times as to get the credit back.What is the problem with amazon and the hubba bubba game store.I will not recomend this site to anyone .
 I never got my product ... . still waiting to receive it and i have been waiting for over three months now i beleive , maybe more .
 I did not know it was only the booklet . Makes sense for the cheap price but still not what I wanted.Could have been my misunderstanding however it was in the same section as the games and listed as a game and not a booklet .
 Ordered Pokemon fire red , put it my Nintendo DS and it boots up fine . But every time I try to play the game it freezes and crashes , making the game unplayable . I 've tried it with several DS 's so I know it 's not my game system .
 It is a good game but the one I bought would not hold a save . I should have bought a new one .
 after receiving this as a christmas gift we tried to install but kept getting a message saying does not support classic environment . i researched it and found this tiny print on a website . uselessMacintosh Systems : For Macintosh programs , most older games will need to be run in Classic Environment if you have a MAC OS X 10.0 - 10.4 version . Please research Google on how to do this , or send us a message for information prior to purchasing . If your MAC OS system does n't support Classic Environment -LRB- ie . MAC OS X 10.5 or Higher OR Intel Macs -RRB- , you will have to try running it using the free program called SheepShaver , but compatibility is not ensured . Please research prior to purchasing or ask questions .
 I was really excited when I ordered this game because I love to play the Scrabble board game . I spent an entire evening trying to get this to work on my computer . I am very computer literate , but this thing does not seem to be compatable with Windows XP . I went to the website and downloaded a patch , and it still did n't work . All I would get is a black screen . I tried all of the fixes on the website , and it was a total waste of time and energy.This might work on an older version of Windows , but do n't waste your time if you have XP . I am going to look for a newer version .
 I downloaded the patch from the Atari site . I disabled ZoneAlarm firewall . I turned on ZoneAlarm and allowed total access for the Scrabble executable . I tried several different options for Compatability Mode . I turned off internet access altogether . I tried to do ALT-ESC and ALT-TAB to get out of the program and figure out what was going on.None of these made any difference . Each and every time I tried to start this on Windows XP SP2 the program give the Black Screen , requiring a reboot to recover.Playing a game should not be this much work . Highly * not * recommended .
 I read about the problem of the black screen and also read there was an easy work-around . By the time I got the disc , the work-around was no longer among the reviews . Never could use the product . Guess I was forwarned , but for Amazon to remove the work-around from the comments is just plain mean .
 This game is nothing special . Its a mediocre RPG , which does nothing to stand out in an overcrowded room full of RPGs.Ok , thats not entirely true . It does stand out in a few ways.First , your main character may be the DUMBEST and most mentally inept main character ever . As I sat through the dialouge listening to his comments and questions , I couldnt help but wonder how he remembered to breath without someone stapling a note to his forehead reminding him to do so . His competence and observation skills can be accurately compared to a blind drunken monkey with ADHD.Second , the VOICE ACTING . UGH . Now , the combat voice overs are just fine , as the characters yell out their various elements , attacks , or thank one another for blocking damage for them . However the voice acting for scenes and dialouge is EXCRUCIATING ! Everything sounds so painfully forced . The dialouge itself is pretty aweful in that it repeats itself OVER AND OVER ! For example , the game may tell you your next goal is inside that cave 30 ft away , as your camera focuses in on it . And by tell you , I mean bombard you with disasterous voice acting untill your willing to do whatever they ask if only they 'll make the pain stop . Its clear where you need to go , but after walking over to it , the game will stop and play a nearly identical scene , complete with horrid voice acting , telling you that now you actually need to go INSIDE the cave . INSIDE the cave ? What an idea ! And here I was planning to LOITER AROUND OUTSIDE IT FOR 3 HOURS . Although , based on the dialouge thats about all your main character is smart enough to do on his own anyway , so its probably a good thing he has a slew of self-proclaimed tour guides following him around.The combat system , while actually somewhat fun at first , is TERRIBLY unbalanced . Most of the time , battles about as evenly matched as a rabid lion in the ring with a one legged chicken . In normal fights , and about half the boss battles , your party is the rabid lion . In the other 50 % of boss fights , however , you become the chicken , as the boss mercilessly and horribly violates your party before you get your first turn . And you cant resurect your party members mid-fight either . The game TRICKS you into THINKING you can , but this is a misconception . Any attempts to resurect a party member in any fight that they could concievably die during , will simply result in them being almost INSTANTLY re-ganked before they can even get a turn . This creates a vicious cycle of resurecting on your turn and your character dying on the enemies turn untill eventually you run out of VP and EP -LRB- vitality and ether/magic -RRB- . Worse still , is the grid movement system . Its as if at the begining of every fight , your enemy draws a line in the dirt and tells you , your not allowed to cross it , and your character being too mind-numbingly stupid to protest , just blindly follows this rule . Essentially the battle area looks more like a dodgeball court then a warzone , as you hurl attacks across the center line at your opponents on the other side . Did I mention your main characters good attacks are all short range , meaning both he and the target have to be standing next to the center line ? And that nearly every enemy in the game after the first 30 mins or so , refuses to do anything except stand in the very back on their side of the court and hurl long range attacks at you?How about the `` rock paper scissors '' sounding element system ? See , in this game water beats fire , but then again fire also beats water . And every opposing element works this way , so as soon as you realize this , it suddenly stops being about strategy and starts becoming about whos rock is bigger.And lets not forget the cover system . This is where you can place one character in front of the other , so the character behind suffers less damage from certain area attacks . It sounds great , untill you realize that in every fight where this might actually matter , the opponent COMPLETELY ignores this rule , and rapes both characters in one attack just for being close together . On the other hand , bosses can use this against YOU . Theres even a few bosses that hides in the far corner of their side of the dodgeball court , and place respawning enemies in front , meanwhile hitting your entire party for large damage every turn . Hiding in that far corner means your characters need to cluster together in the front corner of your side JUST so HALF of them can attack , meaning your tightly grouped when those respawning enemies decide to attack with their area moves.Finally , theres comboing . Comboing is where you decide that one rabid lion isnt enough to thoroughly maul that defenseless chicken , so you call your 3 buddies over for a gang bang . This only really sees use in boss battles , and late game fights . Normal enemies CAN do combos too , but almost never get the chance . However , certain bosses can , and coincidently enough , also seem to delight in tempting you into hurling your xbox controller through the TV screen out of frustration . If you see an enemy begin a combo , you can accurately calculate your odds of survival by pausing the game and fliping a coin . Heads
 With a unique battle system and a huge plethora of characters to choose from this title seems like it ca n't miss . However , within the first 5 min of the game you quickly realize that this is `` my first RPG . '' the story seems compelling , for about an hour , then the mundane side stories kick in and is only fit for `` filler '' use . the `` twists '' are pretty much non-existant , and I found myself finishing it only because I bought it . All in all , there is little to love , save maybe the collection of the different usable battle characters . If you find yourself in a `` got ta catch 'em all '' kind of month , then by all means pick it up , but I suggest that you wait for a solid RPG to blow in .
 Ok , i want to start by saying two things
 The first couple hours of this game will annoy you to the core as the story is n't special and one of the main characters is annoyingly gay . Its not that he is gay that is annoying , but the voice , the conversation , and the actions are all beyond the most flamming person you 've ever met . He also has a love obsession with one of the other main characters who is not gay . Luckily the character seems to die off after and hour or two . If I did n't know this ahead of time , I woulda quit . After that the story line is decent but nothing special and kinda corny at times . Battle system is a bit different then other rpgs , but I do n't think in a good way , but still it 's different . This is a little bit of a spoiler but at the end of the game it turns out the gay guy did n't die , and they bring him back for the last 1/2 hr of play and final scenes of the game . This to me completly ruined it because the way they bring him back is horrible . Also horrible is in the final scenes the have the straight love interest of the gay guy held down to be kissed by the gay guy ... : sigh : Bottom line , this game is n't on final fantasy 's level but for $ 20 it is worth it if you like rpgs and can deal the horrible beging of the game -LRB- and ending -RRB- . There is plenty of game time , which makes it worth your buck . Enjoy it in the middle while you can though . If you 're only so so with rpgs , give it a pass .
 Before I even begin my review , let me just say that I 've been playing RPG 's since 1984 , when they were played in text form only . I 've played everything from Zork to Bard 's Tale to Diablo 2 LOD to Oblivion -LRB- all of which are great games -RRB- Then I attempted to play Enchanted Arms . I knew within the first 5 minutes that I was not going to like this game . One of the main characters uses a saxaphone as his weapon , `` blasting '' enemies with song notes . The combat system is confusing and unfun . It 's as if the people who created this game had never played an RPG before , because it does n't seem to borrow any of the good attributes of the many great RPG 's which have gone before it.The fact that this game comes out on the very advanced XBox 360 system makes it expensive , but believe me when I say that you will quickly regret dropping $ 50.00 on it . Rent it if you must , but I like RPG 's as much or more than just about anybody , and I could barely stand to play it for ten minutes .
 If you are looking for a homosexual game for you or your child/teenager look no further . I through this game in the trash after playing it no longer than 1/2 hour . Complete garbage . Dont get me wrong Jesus Christ loves the sinner he gave his life for us , but he does hate sin . In Christ ~
 This game seemed like it would be fun , but it is full of extremely boring dialog presented in a boring manner . Call me politically incorrect , but there is a very annoying flaming transvestite character in the game that ca n't say a single sentence without making it a homosexual one . For example , he mentions how his love for another character is an ingredient in everything that he bakes . And after playing the game for a few hours and listening to his constant mushy remarks made with a horrid lisp , I had to shut the game off and I will be selling my copy to a poor unsuspecting soul who thinks that this game might be as fun as Final Fantasy games . Being a heterosexual , excessive homosexual content just does n't entertain me the way that it might entertain someone else .
 You will need always special nVidia Drivers , this drivers not always up to date . . When you see the demo with the software you will say WOW , but in games your eyes will hurt if you play more than 5 min . . Save your money . .
 This was the only game that looked cool enough the make me concederbuying a PS2 . But I 'm a graphics ***** so I got an got XBOX instead.The PC version is the exact definition of a ported game ... no bells or whistles whatsoever.This game looks Groddy !! Worst of all this game is not practically playable with the keyboard an mouse . you need a controller.the controller options are few and all buttons must be assigned or you ca n't leave the controller setup screen.-no Gamma control-no 1280x1024 resolution setting-won ' t remember that last resolution play in and starts in 640x480 every time.-no XBOX 360 controller support -LRB- the game thinks the left thumb stick is the right an vis-versa -RRB- - the camera sits in fixed positions ... most of the time you ca n't see what your shooting at.I tried using Pinnacle Game Profiler which is a great product for mapping keyboard keys to a controller ... but is useless on this game as it will start reading both control inputs.I know I 'm complaining like others do in this situation .
 Devil May Cry 3 Special Edition just could n't hold it . The game display is limited to only 1024 by 768 . You will have to hunt down for patches and drivers just to close out the game when you want to . The controller are the worst I 've seen so far with limited functions to change . I would not bother to load it in a high end pc , because it will still look bad . Hard controller , weak display , and no exit menu makes this game a frustrating experrience to look over .
 Recently when I purchased my new computer there was definitely something missing that I felt was essential ; in one word , Tetris . Tetris was a game I played on my old computer quite often when I needed to unwind for a few minutes , and it never failed to entertain with its brilliant simplicity . So , if Tetris was good , an updated version with different variations and spiffy graphics should be even better , right ? Well , when you 're talking about Tetris Worlds , that 's a big negatory.What 's wrong with this game ? For starters , you have to insert the CD every time you want to play . The game does n't copy to your hard drive . That 's a lot a unnecessary trouble to go to just for a few minutes ' diversion . Very inconvenient . Next , there is this bogus storyline attached to the game . Folks , this is TETRIS , it does n't need a back story , it just IS . And do n't make the mistake of starting in `` Arcade '' mode where every shape is that identical four-space bar . What a total waste of time that is ! How many times do you have to bore yourself with that one level until you can move on ? I did n't bother to find out . When you find your way to the game you know and love as `` classic '' Tetris , it does n't even keep a running tally for you of how many lines you 've cleared until the game is over , and to me that 's always been the whole point of the game . I do admit I like the sexy voice every time you clear a line or four telling you what you 've done . But there is too much folderol here , too much unnecessary production and bother . It 's not worth the price .
 If you are expecting the fun and the challenge of the original Tetris , keep on looking . The only positive thing I have to say about this miserable take off on one of the best games of all time is that some of the graphics are nice . This game is so slow and boring that you 'll fall asleep long before you reach the highest level . Save your money , and see if you can find a friend with `` Tetris Gold . ''
 For starters I did not like this game at all . Its not anything like what the one I use to play on my old computer , which is what I was looking for . It takes forever to get to the game . Then when you play this crazy sexy voice keeps talking . I cant even let my 7 year old play this game . Its horrible . I 'm on to find a regular tetris game if possible.JJ
 Description says plainly `` Platform
 I was very disappointed in the game itself , but that is not what turned me off on it . I have to keep the CD game disc in my computer in order to play the game . That 's just one more thing I have to carry when I travel .
 too much stuff going on . What is that little eyeball thing anyway ?
 This game is terrible and should not be played by anyone ... ever ... It 's not even close to being fun the controls are bad , and there 's no point to playing it at all ...
 I have been gaming since about the age of 6 years old . I 've had every major gaming system from the Atari 2600 to the Playstation 2 . I have basically enjoyed each and every one of them , but I would have to say the that Nintendo 64 was by far the worst . The Saturn placing just slightly better . Slightly.Let 's be honest , there really is no need to buy a Nintendo 64 right now . The software market is dried up and blown away . There is not one new game on the books to be released in 2002 . Nintendo has shifted all of it 's resources to the Gamecube and rightfully so . The amount of `` must have '' games just does not warrant the still $ 100 price tag of this machine.The only way that I can honestly recommend an Nintendo 64 is for someone who just does not have the resources to step up to the next generation . Still , is the N64 where you really want to go ? The PSone has a great new design and well over 700 games in it 's library . Most of those games now sit at the sweet $ 19.99 Greatest Hits price . The Dreamcast may be said and done , but at $ 49.99 it is so vastly superior to the N64 . Most games can be purchased for less than $ 14 right now and you can still get that next generation feel with the Dreamcast without ponying up $ 300 . At this stage of the game , the N64 should really not be considered as a primary gaming system . As a supplemental ? Perhaps . The alternatives in the PSone and Dreamcast are just too much for the old and tired N64 to compete with .
 the seller sent the 64 a month later with no plugs and no controllers so i never got to play . i sent it back . i am a faithful buyer at amazon and this is the first disappointment of trust . i am scared to order here again .
 Nintendo is not a great system at all , to put it frankly . Name me 5 revolutionaly games released for the N64 . Tough , huh . Besides Goldeneye , Zelda , and Perfect Dark , there are n't many more . Now name 5 for the Playstation . This system is so old , one of my friends just bought a Dreamcast after saying Nintendo was a great system . One of my other friends asked me if he could buy my Playstation whenever I got the Playstation 2 , and he owns an N64 . Nintendo was also released over a year later than Playstation , yet is cheaper then the Playstation today . And even though the system is cheaper , the games are n't , sometimes costing ... more than a Playstation or Dreamcast game . Also , what terrible sound ! Do n't think the GameCube is going to be any different . It is being released a year later than PS2 , so it will lose alot if customers , just like N64 . In short , N64 is a worthless system , and that 's all .
 It is a known fact that the N64 got its barn doors blown off in the system wars . Upstart Sony took the technology that was to be the foundation of the SNES CD-ROM add-on , and proceeded to give the world the Sony Playstation , and they 've been on top of the biz ever since . The N64 was crippled by Nintendo 's stale conservative business attitudes , a lack of games aimed at anyone over the age of 10 , and an expensive cartridge medium that required inflated prices to recoup any sort of profit from.And that is where we stand today
 RECEIVED NINTENDO 64 CONSOLE DIRTY AND NOT WORKING WITH ONE CONTROLLER MISSING ??? CARLOS VELARDEGLENDALE , CA .
 I ca n't believe I ever wanted this ... system.I chose a Playstation and I 'm glad I did.Problems with this system :1 Complicated controller .2 As you can see there will probably be no new games for this stupid system .3 The game prices are sky high than those of Cds . -LRB- i.e. P.S.one games and sega dreamcast games -RRB- 4YOU have to have those ... accesiries for most games.Those are the ones I want to put for now but there 's more -LRB- Traveling problems , freezzing problems , etc. -RRB- Conclusion : Wait for the Gamecube or buy a P.Sone or Sega Dreamcast , those systems are much better .
 I bought a Nintendo64 , thinking there would be games out for all age groups . But in 2 years , I have seen nothing but Mario this and Pokemon that . The system has been a total waste of money . I only have 2 games for it , Legend of Zelda and Perfect Dark . Perfect Dark being the only game even appealing to teenagers and adults . If I were you , never buy a Nintendo product . Get a playstation2 ... Cause I bet with the Gamecube it 's going to be Pokemon 8 , Mario Kart 10 , and Banjo Kazooie 5 all over again . .
 Hello , I have owned a Nintendo 64 ever since it 's launch and at first it was good but with all of the other comsoles out and the ones coming out , the 64 is n't that good anymore . Sure , it is only $ 100 but it has a lot of downfalls . First , the graphics are not as good as the seem . The 64 uses pixels not polygons like other systems . The PS one has just as good as graphics if not better than the 64 . Second , it does not have CD based games like all of the other systems . With the Dreamcast and Playstation 2 you can play old Playstation games , play audio CDs or play DVDs -LRB- only on playstation 2 -RRB- . It 's games are more expensive because they are not CD based . And last but not least , they lack RPGs -LRB- roleplaying games -RRB- . Games like the FInal Fantasy series , Resident Evil series , Parasite Eve , and Chrono Cross have all done well and Nintendo has nothing that even comes close to them -LRB- besides Zelda -RRB- . To sum everything up , the Nintendo 64 is an okay system if you like lame graphics , expensive games and sorry games but , I am advicing you to save your money and buy another system .
 I think Nintendo 64 was probably the worst Nintendo system next to the standard NES.The standard NES had a strong library of games but that didnt matter because only 3 or 4 have a save option . Nintendo 64 on the other hand has strong graphics and a short amount of games . There are only 4 or 5 games on this system that are worth owning unlike Game Cube 's 15 . The graphics are not a weakness what is a weakness is that Nintendo 64 just didnt have enough quality games.Super Mario 64 , Super Smash Bros , F Zero X , Ms Pacman Maze Madness are the only N64 games worth owning . Those games almost make up for the limited number of games.Its still worth owning because of its great games but dont get your hopes up after all these years there have been only about 4 or 5 games worth owning.The Super NES also had a pretty limited supply of games but managed to be one of the best systems ever made because the 5 or so games for it were masterpieces.I suggest you get a Game Cube because it has more worthwhile games than any other Nintendo system before it .
 I GOT A NINTENDO CONSOLE 64 , THAT DOES NOT WORK , DIRTY WITH ONE CONTRLLLER ONLY ?? , NO INVOICE TO FILE A CLAIM.CARLOS VELARDEGLENDALE , CA. 91206
 I GOT A NINTENDO CONSOLE 64 , THAT DOES NOT WORK , DIRTY WITH ONE CONTRLLLER ONLY ?? , NO INVOICE TO FILE A CLAIM.CARLOS VELARDEGLENDALE , CA. 91206
 I got my N64 in 1997 and I owned a SNES for 5 years before that . I can honestly say that the N64 as a whole was a waste of money . Most of the games that came out I didnt like and the ones I did were too expensive . Nintendo still has the nerve to charge $ ... for the best seller games , even if they are 5 years old . The only games I really liked were Goldeneye and the San Francisco Rush games . The rest of the games dont look appealing or they lose their apeal quickly . Whats worse is that popular games like Perfect Dark are expensive to begin with , but to play the whole thing , you have to buy a $ ... Memory card , which is a total ripoff . Thats why Im going to get a PS One becase I can deal with $ ... games that actually look fun to play . Overall my SNES is more fun . Its too bad they dont make old copies of those games .
 After buying this conole in 1997 I was blown away by the graphics and controls ... remember this is 3 years ago . In this age it does n't stand a chance . In competition with Sony 's Playstation and Playstation2 the Nintendo64 is blown out of the water . In retaliation of the Playstation consoles they have TRIED to come out with a better one , there is one con to this plan , the Game Cube costs a fortune with a few petty additions to make you think you did n't waste your money . So if you 're faced with the decision of buying a Nintendo64 or a Playstation -LRB- 2 -RRB- get the Sony .
 I had so many problems with this system . But I will first discuss the good things about it
 i absolutely loved this game ! this is the best game i have ever played , better than all the playstation , nintendo , and dreamcast games COMBINED ! Your this little girl and her dad gets caught in a nasty storm.You live on an island and youur pet is a baby monkey.you try to find your dad but you never do.the plot is so exellent and original.also , the dad is so nice to you and your baby monkey.Oh , the log flume roaller coaster is SSSSOOOOOO COOOL ! BUY THIS GAME IT ROCKS THE HOUSE TOTALLY.oH , i FoRgoT to mention about your boyfriend and his sword . There is a secret level in wich you go into this cave and go fishing and you catch this boy and you get married and the boy wants to meet your dad but never does
 This Product does not work using windows 7 64bit !! The Download of this product went flawless . Amazon needs to place a note that it does not work for windows 7 .
 Me and my friend kyle were so excited to play this game , we got it , and we shall never play it again.its a steep learning curve , they dont tell you how to get the chip , they dont even tell you how to fight!the graphics are glitchy as a windows 95 game.the sound is so fuzzy you dont know what the hell they are saying.the fun is not there , i wanted to get this game because of fun looking lets plays , but you actually get is a clunky game that doesnt tell you that there is a weapon in your inventory.and dont even get me started on how it ran , it wont run on my windows 98 so i have to run it on my stupid windows 7 . but ill talk about fallout 2 , this game is worse in every way but with indians.but i heard interplay stopped making fallout games after 2 and gave it to a new company , maybe they fixed it?i will review fallout 3 . - Simon And Kyle
 I was very excited when I noticed this game in the stores . I 'm somewhat of a shark myself . The idea of the game is a great one , but the ease of playability is very difficult . I can normally pick up a game very quickly , but playing this one was almost impossible . I could n't even get past the first level after playing all night . It was very discouraging . Therefore if you have a lot of time on your hands and do n't mind losing for awhile then I would recommend it . If you 're looking for something to just jump right into and have some fun then I 'd say do n't even bother .
 Disney 's Tarzan is all right . Once you get the hang of the controls it 's really not that hard . At one point , it became very frustrating because you get codes to start at a certain level every four levels or so , and the hardest level for me was at the last level befor another code , so I kept dying and having to go back and replay the levels I had already beat many times . In general , though , I guess this game hooks you as much as any video game . The final boss was really easy - it was kind of anticlimactic . Also
 This game is so incredibly bad . You ca n't even save your game , you have to enter in a password -LRB- of which you might forget -RRB- . There are no bonus games , except for the `` Paint N ' Print '' and `` Hide and seek '' . The bosses are too hard to beat , and you have to beat four stages before you get a password to the next level . Do n't listen to other people who tell you that Tarzan is a good game , but most importantly do n't waste your money on this game , it is an awful way to throw away $ 30 . I reccommend the new release KIRBY TILT N'TUMBLE or any mario/wario game . I am definetly returning this game .
 I rented this game and I 'm only on level 2 , but I 've found that the scenery does n't change much and I have to keep repeating level 1 because I have n't gotten a password yet , although the game does have some passwords , which I just now got off the internet . I 'm glad that I rented this game before buying it-I do n't want to waste the money .
 The overall nostalgia of the game is overwhelming ... for about two seconds . After realizing that all the games are based on the same concept , I found trying to play these games fatiguing and frustrating . I do remember playing these games on the old atari system , but I ca n't say that they are missed after battling through this endless pit of maddening fun . I say , bring on the new playstation games , and leave the past where it is .
 My son and I did n't find this game that great . It 's only 1 player which does n't make it any fun if other people want to play . The controls are very touchy and it 's hard to figure out what direction your supposed to go .
 Pros
 A bug 's life the game is based on the movie , A Bug 's Life . I personally felt the game to be a bit of a let down . The game does n't allow you to save unless you buy an additional saving cartridge . The game also is n't all that interesting . The best ages for this game is probably 8 and up . Younger children may not understand the purpose of the levels and may get sick of the game very quickly .
 THIS GAME HAS GOOD EFECTS BUT IT 'S BORING , AND ITS EVEN MORE BORING IF YOU DONT HAVE A CONTROLLER PAK
 I read an ad in Nintendo Power that said that this game was good in most , if not all areas . So I went out and bought it and when i first played it , I was highly disappointed . The levels are too short -LRB- those that are even `` levels '' do n't really apply to the story of the movie -RRB- . The graphics stink in the matter of Flik does n't look like Flik in the movie . The background sound and `` music -LRB- if there is any -RRB- '' is n't the typical sounds and music that I would have chosen , in fact , I think that it has nothing to do with the game itself . I should have put this back up with the levels , but the enemy 's , and mostly the bosses , are way too easy . In a game that is unlike the movie and has so many uncorrected aspects , I even wonder why it was made . : -LRB-
 This is The Most frustrared game in the market , you really want to keep going but after the 7th level you have not clue where to go .
 This game is an RPG but not for adults . If you are a hard core RPG fan then stay away from this title . If you are a hard core RPG fan with young kids and you want to show them what it is all about , then this is the game for you ! If you are a newbie to RPG 's this game would be a good starter game to familiarize yourself with them . Predictable , repetitive , and boring is all I can say .
 I beat the game in 5 days so do n't waste your bucks on something you are going to play for only 10 at most days . Rent the game
 These are like fake ones ... I bought two of them for my first generation PSP , and both of them do not work anymore after I did not play my PSP for few months . Do not recommend to purchase this item . If you want a good quality , get the original SONY version . It 's around $ 10 more expensive , but the quality is way better than this one .
 Do n't buy it unless you are desperate . It works , but it only lasts perhaps an hour and half .
 I ca n't say I was too disappointed because of the low price , but the battery only lasts about an hour or so . It does charge quickly because it dies so soon though . So , if you 're looking for a battery that lasts long , I would n't suggest this one at all . I guess it is good for a back up though .
 The battery ad shows a 3.6 V 1800mAh battery , its even branded into the battery in the picture . I ordered 2 of them and both are 3.7 V 1800mAh batteries with plain black fronts . False advertising . I did n't know until tried to use them , no longer have packing materials or else would send back .
 This Battery Is Horroble I Purchased Mine On January 12th 2008 And It Didnt Last But 2 Months . I Do Not Reccommend This Battery At All !!!!!!! I Used Mine For Music And Video Alot And Now Im Considering Buying An Apple Ipod touch Check It Out HereApple iPod touch 8 GB with Software Upgrade
 This wo n't load into a windows XP operating system . I am going to give it the school , they have Mac . It sounds great but there is no tech support at the number on the CD so beware before you buy .
 I bought this and after I received it , I realized it was an old version that will not work on newer computers . I tried to email and resolve the issue . No one responded to me . Do n't buy it .
 CANT RATE BECAUSE IT WONT WORK AT ALL . IT KEEPS GOING BACK TO THE INSTALL SCREEN AFTER BEING INSTALLED . A BIG WASTE OF MONEY
 The game is fun if you like InuYasha but not much of a roleplay because you do n't have much of a choice when you play the game . The only freedom you have is to move around the world and what moves you pick when you fight but you ca n't chose how to level and I stopped playing after 2 days because I felt like I was doing nothing but battling and not really playing .
 Good grafics and story line . the game itself is abit confusing and if you get lost and go back to talk to the person that sent you on a mission or something they wont repeat where to go or what to do , it 's confusing . over all pretty good
 Ok , this type of game is geared for and will most likely be bought by fans of the Inuyasha anime and/or manga . I am a big fan of Inuyasha , having several Inuyasha comics and the Season 3 DVD set . As much as I wanted to like this game , I could n't get past its many flaws.First off , the graphics ... I rate the graphics 3/5 . The graphics are about as good as anything you will find on the Game Boy Advance , the game uses big sprites instead of polygons . The graphics are colorful , to the game 's credit.The gameplay is quite annoying , there is an extremely high encounter rate , when you enter the wild you will barely be able to walk two steps without encountering a random battle . The game would have been much more fun if they used some of the characters from the TV shows ' voices.As far as actual battle goes , I have only the first impressions because I soon grew exasperated with this game . Basically they give you are a little girl and you get 2 robots to do all the attacking and fighting with , if you try to run away your two robots will run away first , leaving the girl by herself . The girl will be too slow to run away and she will be killed
 I received this today and learned when loading it that it is not capatible with Window Vista . It does not say what it is compatible with when you order it , so how was I supposed to know ? It did n't cost that much , so it 's not worth the hassel of returning . I assume whoever is the distributor of this figures the same thing . Do n't order this ! Chances are it wo n't be compatible with any computers beyond 2005 .
 Need The 64-Bit Soft Ware Please See Information From The Vender To Down Load This Soft WareIt Free Of Charge But Make Sure Your Computer Is able To Read It Or You be Out Of Luck .
 Game box rec 'd damaged . Not able to use on my computer system . Purchase was a complete waste of my money .
 This game is so dorktastic that if you are caught playing it , you will loose cool points.That said , like many other dancing games that are not DDR , you need to buy the cheap dance pad controller that has all of the buttons as the handheld controller.There is no instructional phase to the game , you are just expected to know how to play from the start . I would suggest this as maybe a cute game for small children to learn how to hit the controller buttons on a hand-held controller more than I would as an actual dancing game .
 After being an avid shooter for the last couple of years -LRB- I was introduced to shooters by my nephew and now there is no stopping me-I am 45 years young -RRB- and owning most of the WW2 shooters , pluse Halo , Far Cry etc. it was with great anticipation that I waited for MOH Pacific Assault . What a let down . Why tamper with a great product ? This version is lacking feel or atmosphere , call it what you like , it just does n't match it with the originals . Unless the next version gets back to the older versions game play standard and you guys give it 5 stars , I will go MIA . Wo n't even consider spending my $ 's on the next one.One of the most frustrating ways of making the game harder is to give you useless weapons . A single shot rifle in a heavy fire fight is pathetic for game play . We want real weapons ie Far Cry , now there are weapons we can use!As for atmosphere , how many times have you been locked into a game , concentrating so hard that time is irrelevant , your on a mission , you come to a corner or new room and ka-boom , all hell breaks loose and you jump out of your seat.None of that here . Why ? Cause you have a pop gun for the 1st half . If you are new to shooters , this would be a good intro , but if your an old hand , go for Far Cry or Call of Duty-United Offensive .
 I bought mohpa last week and installed it . it refused my video card , i went to microsoft.com and they said a good video card would be -LRB- ... -RRB- . I dont want to spend that for 1 game that i already spent -LRB- ... -RRB- on , and i dont want to jeprodize my computer -LRB- its only 1 year old -RRB- and all other games for this . since i couldnt even play it id give it 0 stars but i cant . there is only one thing i can say DONT GET IT ! its really not worth it .
 Slow , frustrating , choppy . Looooong load times . Ridiculous mouse lag . Even with way better than required hardware this game will have you pulling your hair . First game I have given up on and not finished . I feel lucky to have been able to sell it . Do n't waste your time or money on this P.O.S.
 I purchased Pacific Assault during Christmas time along with Call of Duty and Call of Duty 2 . I have played Call of Duty Allied Assault for PlayStation 2 a couple years back and thought I remembered liking it . I decided to play CoD and the CoD2 first and now I have just started playing MoH . Wow what a difference , it is so behind CoD2 that there is not even a point in finishing the game . Graphics our poor , gameplay is weak and I think CoD2 is the best WWII game I have ever played . I love EA Games , but this is one I would not recommend .
 This is the third MOA retail verrsion I have bought and my last . The first 2 would run on my OS -LRB- 98 -RRB- but this one will not , win 98 is not suported . I would give it to someone with XP but I , m going to light in on fire first then piss on it just the way E Games pissed on me .
 Not the best of games . Mediocre . Does n't compare to Call of Duty at all . A previous post called it a `` lemon , '' which is pretty much the case . I can appreicate EA wanting to convey the sense of `` How it was , '' but like the title says , they missed the mark . The weapons have very little stopping power . When in close quarter combat , the enemy uses an extraordinarily annoying banzi charge that can not be avoided . Coupled with the weak weapons , jungle environment that offers very limited visibility and long reloads , and EA has produced a repetitive and dare I say irritating game.That being said , the opening level was very cool - Pearl Harbor , Dec 7 , 1941 . It was a lot of fun , but I found myself profoundly disappointed by later levels . It will be in the bargain bin soon enough .
 I , like so many others who have learned to love the MOH series , could not be much less impressed with this new title . The gameplay is horrendous , the graphics are choppy & lacking detail , the expanded dialogue is a waste of mine -LRB- & yours too if you choose to play this game -RRB- . I said that I would remain dedicated to this series , but have since followed all the others & have switched over to the Call of Duty series . I still prefer the gameplay & storyline of the first three MOH games , but it would now take a lot to convince me to return to future releases of the MOH series . Unfortunately , I expect that I am stuck with the Pacific Assault game , since no one should still wish to spend any amount of money after reading 99 % of the reviews printed on this & other sites . Sorry MOH fans . They 've ruined it for me !
 I had high expectations for this game . I played the single player demo and the multiplayer demo - both worked fine on my nearly brand new system -LRB- P4-3Ghz - 1GB Ram , Radeon 9600XT 256MB , XP SP2 -RRB- . However , I installed my purchased copy , only to encounter some Firewall VBscript error at the end of installation , and then when attempting to play the game , it can not find the installation CD1 disk . I attempted to install the game on my second PC and encountered the same error . So , I returned my copy to Amazon and requested an exchange for another copy since I suspected maybe the disk was damaged . I received my 2nd copy only 2 days later -LRB- great return process Amazon ! -RRB- , reinstalled the game , and again had the same error . I have a Lite-On LDW-851S DVD/CD-RW combo drive and updated the firmware per information I found on the EA site , but that did n't resolve anything . I have n't had any other compatibility problems with other games -LRB- ex UT2004 -RRB- and this drive , or with the drive itself so it must be something with the game . I guess I 'll have to go back to Call Of Duty for my WWII genre action gaming .
 Game sucked , just did n't like it . The first problem I experienced with this game as the key code would n't work . After getting a third code it worked . However the game play sucked , just could n't get n2 the game . Would n't recommend .
 I am a fan of shooting games , i own almost any game of this type once its in the market , Medal of honor was amazing game , overall i will give them 4 - 5 stars . Just this one is a very bad one and i never expect to be that worse . Its a very long loading game , with high PC requirements eventhough , do n't bit you gon na play with it without sudden interrupt !! hey , any one would buy this i will take his hand and show him CALL OF DUTY 2 . Just as you expect and little more.I think i need to buy a new computer each year to play a new game from ELECTRONIC ARTS . guys , your old games were fantastic , do n't upgrade too much .
 Check the fine print on the system requirements . I got this game for Christmas , installed it and found that it SPECIFICALLY rejects my video card -LRB- Nvidia GE Force 4 MX -RRB- .
 ALTHOUGH THE AD SHOWS THIS WILL WORK ON THE WINDOWS ME OPERATING SYSTEM IT WILL NOT WORK , I TRIED IT AND GOT A RUNTIME ERROR NOTICE AND CONTACTED EA GAMES , THEIR BULLETIN SHOWS IT WILL NOT OPERATE ON THIS SYSTEM . I HAVE TO RETURN MINE TO AMAZON .
 This is another game from this manufacturer that refuses to play straight from the box . I have a system that exceeds the minimum requirements and a video card that it says works fine with the game . However , the game refuses to work , just the incompatible card message pops up all the time . No matter what additional drivers are installed or additional tweaking ... it matters not . These people should be sued for poor performance . Let the buyer beware .
 Every Medal of Honor is terrible , Never even consider wasting your hard earned money on any Medal of Honor game . Even if your money comes easy to you it would have better use if you threw it in the trash or burned it than spend it on this crap . Go buy Call of Duty .
 I do not know if this was shipped to a different address , but I can say that I never received this order or another game that I ordered , I highly suggest not using the postal system for delivery , always use UPS .
 This game is just awful . Extremely long load times , and choppy game play even on the most powerful of PC 's . The forced registration took almost 12 hours to complete because EA 's servers were down , and I could not play online until I registered . The multiplayer levels are rich in textures , but poor in gameplay . Having been a HUGE fan of Medal of Honor
 My SYS SPECS
 This game is about WW 2 in the pacific as the title indicates . In this game you follow your character from Pearl Harbor to the southern most point on the Japanese Islands . The major downpoint of this game is that you are more watching a Movie instead of actually playing a video game . Although you get some good playing time in , it is n't completely worth having to watch the videos inbetween playing time
 It is a crying shame that the quality of this game is so poor . I have never written a review of a game before , but this game left me feeling ripped-off and you should know about it.I purchased the original MOH : Allied Assault -LRB- at first-issue time -RRB- and the Spearhead and Breakthough Expansion packs . Those games , especially Allied Assault and Spearhead were excellent . Breakthrough is so-so . Even those games , as good as they were , still earned EA Games a lot of complaints due to their lack of support for some issues.Then , I found out that the original developers of Medal of Honor were dissatisfied with the way EA Games was handling the publishing and quality-control . Those developers left EA Games and went with a different publisher to produce Call of Duty . Call of Duty is a GREAT game of the same flavor . This should tell you something about EA Games . It should also tell you that the original artists no longer have input to the development of the Medal of Honor series . So , who are the yo-yos that are producing Pacific Assault?I did n't listen to my `` inner-voice '' and got MOH : Pacific Assault anyway . It `` looked '' good . Man did I step in it ! MOH : PA is an absolute DOG ! I have top-line , high performance computer equipment -LRB- 3.2 Ghz P4 , 1 Gig Ram , on an Asus P4c800-E Deluxe MoBo , and a Geforce 5700-Ultra Video Card on Win XP-Pro -RRB- and it ran SLOOOOW . The mouse lagged BIG time . I went online and found that the very first patch -LRB- and only patch at the time -RRB- for this game was just to address the input-lag problem . Mind you , it did n't `` correct '' it , it just made it less prominent ... the problem is still there.Now , you got ta ask yourself ... why would EA Games ever release a product with such a prominent problem ? This demonstrates a complete lack of customer-concern . However , even that patch did n't snap it up to the playability level that the older MOH games had.On the plus side -LRB- what little there is of it -RRB- , the game runs pretty good in Single-Player Mode where you just play against the computer . It 's still a little laggy , even with the patch.The minuses are enormous in my opinion . I buy a game because of its online multiplayer capability , because that 's where the REAL FUN is ... when you go online and play against/with other human players . But this game fails miserably in that department . The game is almost unplayable when online , and I have a cable connection at 3Mbits down and 256K up.In MOH : Allied Assault , and Spearhead , I run my video at 1280x960 with the detail cranked up somewhere between the default and the Max . It all runs without any lag . Not with Pacific Assault though . Do n't even THINK about running it at those settings . I was lucky to get it to run at 1024x768 without it crashing . Same computer system in both cases.If your PC is n't the latest and greatest light-dimming speed demon , then you should forget about this game altogether.EA Games has no excuse to justify the poor quality and lack of playability of Pacific Assault . This game qualifies as a rip-off of your money.You can get much more enjoyment and playability over a longer term if you get Call of Duty instead .
 I was expecting a huge gaming shoot-em-up on the Pacific side of things , since the first three `` trilogy '' of the European side was a blast . But this game left me with my mouth open , wondering what was that ? This is more cinematic storytelling with lots of videos , and does n't have the shoot-em-up excitement like before . All they had to do was recreate the same game play for the Pacific side . Maybe it could n't be done without the buildings and ruins and the snow effects , etc. .
 I loved Medal of Honor on the Xbox/PS2 , so I thought I would give this a chance . As an experienced gamer , I had high expectations for this game . Big mistake . Took forever to install , and the load times are horrendous . I start playing the game , and I get to a part where I need to rescue a wounded soldier . I ca n't even get through the doors below deck because of the fires , and everytime I attempted it , the guy I was trying to rescue was burned to death.This game is terrible , not what I expected . I uninstalled it and got rid of it . I do not recommend this game to anyone except diehard military fans .
 this is an horrible example of a video game . it absolutely does no justice to the medal of honor series . the games suffers from llllooonnnggg loading times , ridiculous mouse lag , and it takes just about a whole clip to kill the enemy . its obvious ea games only released this game to make money off of the medal of honor name . by the way does anybody else get the `` cd skipping '' glitch too . just about every 10 minutes of playtime the game locks up and the sound just keeps skipping . i always have to completely restart my game . dont waste your money there are better games out there
 I have had GBA backpack/shoulder carrying case for 2 years and it look like new and at a best buy ever if I were you I buy it .
 I looked up this backpack because it was recommended in customer reviews for the Leapster . The price for the blue GBA backpack is $ 71 ? The other colors are $ 14 . So is this a misprint or greed ?
 I 've been waiting for a game like this ever since Panzer general so when I saw Hearts of Iron at the store today I bought it.After spending an hour learning to play from the tutorial I decided to play the 1936 starter level . There was only one problem . It did n't show up on the list of options.The 1939 level was there but far to hard to play without completing the 1936 level.This was the most agregious but by far not the only bug I encountered.If you make a mistake in the tutorial you ca n't go back a step . You have to start from the begining . The options do n't take from the start game menu . You have to reinitialize them after you start ther game . Many more bugs.Any Mac gamers out there should refrain from buying this game till VP Games gets their act together.In reading other reviews I found out that the PC version was released with a lot of bugs . Apparently the Mac version was too.I 'm taking it back to the store tomorrow . Buyer BEWARE !!!!!!!
 I 've enjoyed many startegy games such as the civ series and real time strategy series such as Warcraft series , but this game seems to be all detail to no apparent point . After a few hours of play , I gave up . It was just no fun to play .
 NO ! Go spend your allowance money on a good game like Medal of Honor or Driver , rather than this `` trilogy '' . Just in case you 're curious , here 's what the three games consist of : PART 1 - a poorly made third person shooter with bad graphicsPART 2 - a poorly made rail shooter where you follow the exact same path again-and-again -LRB- like an arcade lightgun game -RRB- PART 3 - a poorly made driving gameI literally played this trilogy for forty-five minutes -LRB- 15 minutes each game -RRB- , and I was already sick of it . If these games were movies , they would be the equivalent of poorly-made home flicks . Grade Z.
 I do admire the graphics in this game , however , I found the gameplay to be awkward and frustrating . First of all , the units under command are difficult to control and also at times even difficult to find . The line of sight and viewpoint of the player is also hard to control and adjust . There is a command map which is suppposed to give you perspective of the entire battlefield but because of its small size it is difficult to get bearings and locations of the units . The conditions for victory in battles are not well defined . I think the developers put too much complexity into the game whereas simplicity would have made it more enjoyable .
 I fully accept that this is not a big-time game with millions of dollars of work into graphics and design and engine and such . I do n't care . I do n't care if a game has near-photorealistic graphics ; if the game sucks , it sucks.And this one does indeed suck . I would n't bother mentioning graphics unless they were remarkable in some way . They are remarkable here in being virtually nonexistant . It 's 2006 , and in this year , a similar-scale game -LRB- Medieval II Total War , and Rome Total War two years before -RRB- had come , huge gigabytes worth , with 3D animations for all the units . Way back in 2000 and 2002 , the Total War games had what this game has ; pixellated pictures of units on the field , two dimensional and as highly detailed as Duke Nukem or Doom villains.this is only remarkable for how incredibly bad they are -LRB- and in some cases , they actually HURT the gameplay itself -RRB- , but even if the graphics were top of the line , I 'd still give this game its poor review.First , control . Namely , there is none , it would seem . I almost never use tutorials , finding I work better when put into a situation and let to press all the buttons myself . What a disaster it was here . Even with complicated games like `` Europa Universalis '' I could recognize that although the buttons I was pressing WERE having effects , I did n't understand enough to manage the game , and had to go back to the tutorials.Woe be to me for this game , for the literal non-reaction I had from so much of the game had me thinking that the game was BROKEN rather than that I was doing something wrong . EVEN IN THE TUTORIAL this was evident.The first biggest problem with this
 Each page of the tutorial is so long and complicated that by the end of that page 's instructions it is difficult to remember all of the points of that page 's instructions . When attempting to actually manipulate the players on the field during the learning period , the figures do n't move as they are supposed to do . I was truly disappointed in this game , overwhelmed by it and it is now not being played at all . I found it a wast of time and money .
 Before you buy this game you better buy a state of the art computer . I have a two year old computer that was state of the art when i bought it . It will not play the game . Not only that , but I tried to contact the web site support for the game to get some help 3 weeks ago and still have not received a reply.As far as I 'm concerned , the program is a piece of junk .
 I bought this product Barbie Photo Designer for my niece and needed to obtain support for the software and find drivers for the camera , the CD warped in the sun ... Kids ! Anyway after two days of searching and wild goose chases , I found that Mattel Interactive has gone under and Mattel Customer Service will not respond to my email requests for support .
 I may have another evaluation if I could see at least on picture . I installed everything as directed in the manual . Unfortunately the pictures would not upload to the PC . Then I went to the user manual and it told me to redirect my COM port settings for this -LRB- ... -RRB- camera . I tried for hours for the sake of my daughter . Then I called technical support and was unable to reach them . Yikes.I 'm returning the camera .
 This camera was a big waste of money . Like the test families and one other reviewer , we were never able to view pictures on our 6 month old Dell computer . The camera now sits in a toybox and is used infrequently as a `` pretend '' camera . I suggest buying your child a refurbished or used digital camera instead of wasting your money on the barbie version .
 The appearance of this camera will appeal to girls -LRB- it did to my daughter -RRB- but the resolution is so poor you ca n't get a good picture . For girls the image editor will let them put what looks like them into a picture with Barbie , and they will find that fun ...
 actually buddy , i hate it and i 'm real . the graphics are dissapointing , and the touchiness drove me up the wall . this game is n't worth a penny . get a life and get a REAL football game .
 SOCOM Fireteam Bravo was the first game I got for my PSP . I figured it would be a great FPS game to get my hands dirty . The action was semi interesting , but the firefights I did get into seemed short and uninteresting . I almost always won a gunfight , even on admiral , unless an enemy appeared behind me randomly . None of the missions ever really sparked my interest , and I beat all of the story missions in two days . The additional Instant Action missions seemed thrown together and a waste of time . Guns seemed unrealistic , and they all basically did the same thing . I used little tactics beyond run in and kill all the enemies , or snipe them from a distance . Team commands were sometimes difficult to issue , and Lonestar would not always follow my commands well . I was uninterested in the story and action , and that is why I have rated this game poorly . The game simply does not compare to Siphon Filter - Dark Mirror , which is an excellent FPS . I would suggest Siphon Filter over SOCOM any day .
 I got this for Christmas and have played it a few times . The concept is totally different than the previous games . If you loved the traditional SOCOM games you will ot like this one . In this game all you do is give the team instructions , that 's it . No more head shots ! No more unloading your clip in a bad guy ! If I could return it I would , it 's boring to know what to do and difficult to interact . I will be giving it away or putting it on ebay !
 A great way to waste -LSB- ... -RSB- , or how about -LSB- ... -RSB- . This game has little to no graphics , gameplay is nothing anyone should want , it lags all the time , even in story -LRB- hows that supposed to work , do n't ask me -RRB- , and the only good thing about it is that you can outfit your character.Cons
 GOOD NIGHT I CAN COMENTARDEL GAME IS JUST THE PACKAGE THAT CAME WITHOUT UMD , AND IT IS UNFORTUNATE WHEN YOU WANT TO KNOW IF I WAS GIVEN TO COMPLETE DISAPPOINTMENT IN TRUTH NOT LOST BUT WHERE IS THAT WHEN desert ABRI HAD NO DISC UMDNO MORE WAITING FOR AN ANSWER ME DISMISSALEscucharLeer fon&eacute;ticamente & iexcl ; Nuevo ! Haz clic en las palabras que aparecen arriba para ver traducciones alternativas . DescartarDiccionario - Ver diccionario detalladoadjetivo0.goodANTONIO SOUQUETT
 Out of 5 kids who 've tried my copy of this game , none were entertained enough to keep at it . It does try to be entertaining but there 's nothing that really challenges them effectively or offers any kind of real educational content . This game is just fluff , and far from Humongous 's best work . Look for it used if you `` have to have it '' .
 This game would have been good had it come out in the early 90 's but with todays graphics and depth unfortunately Kings of the Dark Ages is lacking.The turn based pace of this is slow and made even slower by plodding movements when you command your army to advance down a road . What makes it even worse is that you can not perform any other commands while the army is making it slow crawl . In one game it took me an hour and 20 minutes to move my army to the other side of the map , attack the enemy and realize that they were too strong , meaning I would need another hour to backtrack and attack the weaker army on the other side . Watching your army move , then clicking end turn and repeating over and over again isnt my ideal way to spend an evening of gaming.Aside from movement the game is really lacking in your ability to interact with the population . You have about 5 basic commands you can execute -LRB- turn fields fallow , plant , visit the merchant , assign woodcutters -RRB- and thats just about it.The battles are difficult to control , graphics outdated and formations/commands available very limited.Random events that occur seem to have little if any effect on the game and translation errors seem common -LRB- ie `` your poor diplomacy has closed some trade ROOTS to you -RRB- All in all , not worth purchasing . This game lacks in challenge and ther is no replay value . If there was one plus , its the retail price of 9.99 but even that doesnt make up for the boring play .
 I bought this game for my 4yr old . The game is way too hard to control even for an adult .
 I bought this game for my 11 year old son because he loves roller coaster tycoon , ski resort tycoon , and zoo tycoon . This tycoon game had nice graphics and music -LRB- when we found a computer that had an adequately equipped video card -RRB- but that was about it for positive qualities . The manual is horrible , the online tutorial is useless , and gameplay is not intuitive when it comes to figuring out what the player should be doing as far as building and the business end of running an airport . The money runs out way too fast and the contracts come in way too slow - not a lot of action or fun . One of my biggest pet peeves about this program is that there are spelling and grammar errors throughout the program . It is almost like the person who wrote it does n't speak English as his/her first language . Not a good example for kids unless you want to teach them how NOT to check their work ... This is one tycoon game I would suggest avoiding .
 This `` game '' is probably one of the most frustrating , buggy , and annoying money pits you will ever have the displeasure of playing . I made the mistake of seeing this in the discount bin and picking it up ; I could 've used the $ 10 on something more enjoyable , like an enema.The list of missteps here is long and entertaining :1 -RRB- There is no way to learn how to play the game without trial and error . The `` tutorial '' is a series of blurry screenshots that offers nothing of value . Things like
 I am a big fan of simulation games - especially those which end in ` Tycoon ' ! I guess I should have paid more attention to the other folks who wrote reviews for this game because I went ahead and purchased Airline Tycoon 3 , thinking naively `` 2 should be better than 1 , and 3 should be better than 2 '' . I ca n't comment on 1 and 2 because I do n't own copies of them , -LRB- and unless someone reassures me that they are much better than 3 -RRB- , and do n't intend to own them , or anything from Global Star.Let me tell you what I found annoying / disappointing in this game :1 -RRB- Other games have simulations that run as tutorials , here you just get the privilege of reading the manual in an electronic form ! 2 -RRB- The English needs work - `` Plain '' Maintenance for heaven 's sake ! Other examples which I ca n't recall right now . Someone needs to actually LOOK at what is being displayed to give the game in my view , a ` finished ' look .3 -RRB- Once you place a terminal building there is no way of removing it .4 -RRB- Ditto for the runway . Except of course when you try to delete a runway you are told you can not delete it . We can still see it after the deleted attempt , but the game has decided that the runway has been deleted , and we are stuck with the message that the airport can not be operated without a runway!Due to 3 and 4 , I found myself quitting the game again and again in order to correct my mistakes . This got old very quickly and I found myself sailing the CD across the room vowing never to buy anything from Global Star ever again.A message to the folks at Global Star
 I LOVED the original Airport Tycoon and got hooked on it . But Airport Tycoon 2 was a total bust . Panda Jet and Orient Air the only airlines serving Tel Aviv ? No interior detail in the terminal ? COME ON !!! So I hoped that Airport Tycoon 3 would remedy the flaws and become the souped up Airport Tycoon I was hoping for . It did n't quite make it . The graphics are decent , and a lot of problems with Airport Tycoon 2 -LRB- i.e. lack of terminal interiors -RRB- were fixed . But some things leave a lot to be desired . For one thing , where are the security areas in the terminal ? You ca n't build your own custom terminals . And China Int ' l serving Chicago to Indianapolis ????? Hmmm ... I 'd pick the original Airport Tycoon before 2 or 3 .
 It is hard to imagine why this game runs so poorly on a modern Pentium 4 computer . Despite its unimpressive and blocky graphics , it ca n't seem to draw images fast enough to keep up with what very little action exists.But there 's a bigger problem . It 's absolutely boring . Too slow moving for a building sim . Too little activity for a business sim . Airport Tycoon 3 is the kind of cheaply made , bottom of the discount bin item that you 'll regret hogging up space on your disk drive.Once you have built your airport , you have a choice of altering the speed of the game between horrifically slow real-time and annoyingly zippy fast mode . But neither of them give you much satisfaction . In fast mode , planes land and take off so quickly you miss them in the blink of an eye . Try to slow it down , and you sit around and wait forever for something -- anything -- to happen.Ultimately , this is among the least playable of the simulation games .
 I have A.T. 1 and it is awsome I still play it . I really wanted part 3 and now that I got it , it is really bad . I downloaded a trainer off the web for unlimited money , but after I downloaded the patch for the game from global star the trainer does n't work . I can not make any money and I always go bankrupt . Who evens knows how to charge airlines to land at your airport ? You ca n't expand your terminal or destory it to build a bigger on . Until Global Star can figure out how to fix all the problems This CD will be a frisbee for my dog !
 Global Star has yet to live up to its original Airport Tycoon ... ACT2 was a `` bust '' ... ACT3 graphics improved and some ACT2 fixes , but still seems to be lacking improvements found in other `` more '' current simulation games ... if you have # 1 or # 2 , no need to purchase # 3 ... let 's hope # 4 lives up to its hype ...
 This Game is fun at first , but gets old very quickly . It 's 97 % Wait , 2 % Frustration , and 1 % fun . Unless You like Waiting all weak to become an airport Tycoon , Do n't Buy It ! Spend Your money on somthing More Worth Wile .
 This game is a disgrace . It is a total deception for global star , and I hope they read this because I ame never ever going to buy another game from Global star.The game grafics are ok but the game is imposible to handle.First of all the view option dont even let you see your own airport . Then when I cant do anything about the view and I give up trying to fix it I build the specified things inorder for the airport to open , but the game remains paused . IT IS FULL OF BUGS . BAck to the views ; whenever I change view options and then return to the normal viewmode , the normal view mode is compleatly at another view.This game is a disgrace to tycoon games and I Hope Global Star will never produce a game . ITS A WASTE OF TIME and MONEY ...
 This has to be the worst tycoon game that I ever bought . The manual dos n't match , the game is full of mastakes , and you end us sitting there and waiting way too much.This game is worthless .
 I expected to be able to build an airport with this game and have some fun along the way . Unfortuneately the way the game is laid out it is very difficult to place items such as your runway , towers , terminals , etc. on the editing map . The angle of the map can not be changed in order to place items in a strategic location.The toolbars are confusing and difficult to navigate . This game is not worth the money I spent to purchase it .
 Please do not be like me and ignore the reviews and buy this game . I am a huge aviation enthusiast and a big fan of the original Airport Tycoon . I thought this game simply wasnt suited to those who had written negative reviews . But they were right ! The game is terrible . Many functions do not work and it crashes often . I am currently trying to return it . Please , save your money and time and buy something worthwhile !
 this game is awful !!! it is hard to figure out where to put things and the tutorial is no help at all ! it is hard to navigate and it is incredibly boring . i would NOT recomend this for ANYONE unless you are BEGGING for a vein to pop in your forehead !!!
 I did not follow everyone else advice and went ahead and bought it . Do n't do it ! It 's boring , slow , and not very exciting . It takes a long time to even get playing and is very difficult to figure the game out . Also the camera angels although they do allow you to rotate now are still not very helpful .
 This game is not worth the money spend . . I tried to play this a couple of time but found unsatisfactory
 I was given this as a gift for Christmas . Essentially the game installed and I began to play it . To my suprise , I had problems with non stop crashing of the program do to a scenary bug . Some features do not work as listed in the manual . The manual contains little to no usefull information and is completely outdated -LRB- just look at the pictures , they do not match what you get in the game -RRB- . I have made contact with what limited support they have and they are of absolute no help . They will not answer your specific questions and tell you to get the latest patch which was the first thing I did anyway . It is simply broken .
 From all the bad reviews slaughtered on Airport Tycoon 3 , you would think it is one of the worst tycoon games to ever play . Is that the case ? Not really . True , the game is a little slow and it may cost some money and time before your airport gets on its feet , but if you can be patient , there 's really nothing to complain about . First things first
 This is not a fun game to play . I am very puzzled with it 's tutorial . It does n't help you much to understand the game as the tutorial is just some screenshots with some text on it . You have to memorize them all , then when you are on the game , you have to practice what the tutorial has told you before . Sigh ... On the gameplay , I found difficulties in building my first airport . As the tutorial given was not clear at all , I built my airport based on my trial-and-error method . This was really time consuming and wasting my money . I built some things wrongly and I had to demolish them and built the new one.After I created my first airport , I did n't know what to do . I kept waiting and waiting until 20 minutes later an airline contract came in . The notification for the airline contract was not so clear . It was only representated by a tiny red dot on your control panel . Hh ... I had to wait another 20 minutes to get my 2nd contract . Oh ! This game was so boring and not entertaining at all ! I uninstalled this game from my PC . I would suggest you to avoid this worthless game !
 I concur with the frustrations experienced by the other reviewers . In addition , I have experienced numerous software crashes when playing a previous `` saved '' game . Also , why is it when I add a bus station , the annoying tool tip says `` I do n't have enough bus stops '' . I deceided one time to play that game and add as many bus stops as I could fit . Yet I still received the message . To top it off , the program indicated that I had a 0 % utilization of all my bus stops . What maddness !!
 Do not buy this game . It is boring , unrealistic , stupid , and uncreative . Totally not thrilling . Terrible . Do n't waste your hard-earned money .
 Both the pop-up help and the written documentation are completely inadequate to the task . For all practical purposes this game is undocumented . Suitable only for those who like to spend hours experimenting to find the solution for what should be easily learned from the program authors .
 I like the whole `` Airport Management '' concept , but the game is soooo slow . I mean you have to wait so long until you actually get a contract and its hard to make money . I wish they would come out with a game like this but much more fun with more action and almost no waiting just like the Roller Coaster Tycoon games . I would definitly not waste my money on this game unless you have way too much time on your hands .
 Title says it all , this is without a doubt the worst game I have ever had the misfortune of playing . Let me correct that
 This game has a ton of potential . It could be an amazing game , but it is impossible to play . First , when building a new airport the camera angle is soooooooooooo bad that you will never even be able to see what your building . The scenario modes are impossible too because you get very little money to start with and you will never get offered the contracts you need to make money to run your airport .
 I bought this for my son , an avid 8yr old video game junkie . He picked it out himself because of the `` tycoon '' name . He has a couple games from the Zoo Tycoon that he loves to play , and for a good report card , was allowed to get another game . He choose Airport Tycoon 3 . I must say , compared to Zoo Tycoon , this game is just plain boring ! He kept at it , and needed a lot of help from me to even figure it out , and finally built himself a thriving airport , but there really is no action . I 'm not sure what age bracket they are targeting , because it 's not fun for kids , and I myself would n't bother with it.In addition to this game , he got Sim City 3000 which he is now addicted to . As far as simulations go , this one stinks .
 This game seemed like it would be really really great , if only it worked . My computer , being slightly older than up-to-date , did not let me play the game . The ` video card ' thingy was not the right format to run this game . So before you buy this game , make sure your video card fits the standards . Otherwise , you 'll waste 20 bucks like I did .
 The airport tycoon games just getting worse and worse as the come out with new versions .
 You know what?why does it have toCost so DAMN Much , it is old like othergames & they dont cost so much , Not a brand new game , Should not cost 60 Ripoff
 i wanted this game since i was a little kid , im 12 years old now and i finally put some money away to get it , immediately when i got it : bugs , glitches , troubleshoots , everyting wents wrong , now here i am , i have owned this game for 3 week , im very good at the game but when i save my game and try to load it it almoast loads up and the says `` at3 has stopped working '' everything you save and try to load it simply does ` nt load , rendering the game useless , this is a very fun game , but with all the turmoil and stuff i 've gone through to try to fix this stuff , im 12 and litterally shedding my hair!and it still doesnt work , pls im begging all fellow consumers from the bottom of my heart dont get ripped off like i did , go buy ghost recon advanced warfighter , its a keeper : -RRB-
 I bought this game after having played and enjoyed the origional Airport Tycoon . In short , find and buy the origional Airport Tycoon , which is a better game , despite being made much earlier.The asset of Airport Tycoon was that it had an aspect of realism along with the play . Terminal design , for example , was very individualized and usually required micromanagement . The game was also fun . New buildings and runways were available often enough to keep the player curious and busy attempting to satisfy airline 's needs while increasing profit . When I was not expanding my airport , I had time to improve the catering services , add more check-in desks to the airport terminals , and do more micromanagement . By allowing this level of detail , the game had depth and replayabilityAirport Tycoon 3 is a massive disapointment . The new graphics are more cartoonish and have higher resolution , but are not necesarily better , due to the view angles and zoom . There are , however , many significant downsides .1
 I 've played all three Airport Tycoon games , and I think the only hope is for another company to pick up the title and completely remake it from the ground up . AT3 is an improvement over the previous versions , but it 's still bad . Previous reviewers have said it runs slow . In gameplay , yes it does run a bit on the slow side , but so have a lot of the other `` tycoon '' and `` sim '' games out there . I have to admit that after about an hour I did have a pretty nice little airport , which was making a profit and expanding at a comfortable rate , but this is only possible if you run the game at maximum speed . I 'm running it on a 3GHz P4 with a pretty nice graphics card , and had no problems with the graphics speed at all . I would n't say the graphics are too bad , but they 're so disproportionate . How can fuel trucks be bigger than the airplanes they 're refueling ? Why is the runway the same width as the entire terminal ? There is only one size of plane stand , so whether you 're flying in little commuter planes , or big heavies , the ramp space they take up is always the same . You ca n't demolish an old runway after building another longer one . The tutorial is terrible , and there are many things you just have to figure out through trial and error -LRB- and spending precious funds -RRB- . There are so many little things that are annoying in this game , it makes it hard to enjoy . For example , if you 're adding trees to the landscape , you ca n't just click the icon once and build a bunch of them . You have to go back and reselect the tree icon after every one you build . This is obviously a low-budget game , which did n't have the luxury of good testing before it went to market , or experienced programmers . There are numerous spelling errors in the game , as previously mentioned , and now it 's starting to crash on me -LRB- I 've had it installed for three hours -RRB- . This title has SO much potential if a good software company would pick up the idea and throw some good developers , testers , and a little money into it . It has the potential to be another `` SimCity '' or `` Rollercoaster Tycoon '' if it was just done better . But , the problems with this version are so glaring -LRB- especially now with memory errors and crashes -RRB- , I just could n't justify more than one star .
 This review is based on only playing the game part way -LRB- DVD version -RRB- . The fact that we lost interest in continuing to play it pretty well sums up my review . There is a reasonably interesting plot and context for the game , but you will want a walkthrough , rather than hints , in order to move along . The navigation is not as intuitive as many other PC games and the graphics can be crude at times . -LRB- e.g. when you are walking around it is possible to see furniture or other objects that are only two dimensional . The protagonist is supposed to be `` the best '' as a detective , but this does n't correspond to his financial state or his whining approach . Many times the dialogue with other characters is irrelevant - it does n't matter which choice you make . Other times , the wrong answer means you have to return and/or start over . Save even more often than usual with this game . On my system I was not able to adjust the sound once the game was started , and the normal setting I use was to low to hear the dialogue , hence I had to try to remember to adjust it beforehand.The game play is OK , but does n't always make much sense . For instance , Nick ca n't begin his first day without coffee and you have to puzzle out how to make it without any water in the apartment . The solution did not occur to me because it resorted to a desparate measure out of proportion to the problem . This is a puzzle for the sake of a puzzle , but does n't advance the plot or occur in a natural way . You can also miss a part of the play , and go through a great deal of the game without realizing you 've missed something , until you are inexplicably stuck . The number of things that you pick up is also limited -LRB- though a large number -RRB- , but this means that you have to go back and `` drop '' things for later retrieval . However , there is frequently no real reason within the plot context to take some of the things to a given location . There are quite a few cut scenes , which are n't badly done , but your actions are rather limited by them at times . There is the familiar puzzle of assembling a torn up document , but the procedure to do this does n't work well . This kind of thing has been solved well by such games as Law & Order , so it 's not all that difficult . Instead they use a cool 3-D representation of the object , which you can rotate , but this feature is n't used in a very effective manner .
 I had a lot of complaints about this game.First , it 's one of those where you have to go around and talk talk talk to a bunch of different people . But in this game , sometimes if you say the wrong thing , you lose . Of course , what the game is expecting you to say MAKES NO SENSE ! You just have to guess and hope you picked the right thing to say . If not , try and try again.Second , I thought the 2D photo cut-outs pasted into a 3D computer-generated environment was very cheesy and ugly . The dialog dubbing was goofy.Also , this game wants you to pick up a ton of things -LRB- if you can figure out what and were to pick them up -RRB- , not all of which will fit into your inventory at the same time . But , you never know what you will need ! Why would I think to carry around a bunch of chewing gum -- because I might need every single one of them at one point , or I lose and have to go back and do the scene over . Very , very annoying , and not fun at all for me.The load times were also quite slow between locations and at start-up . I would skip this one .
 This game is , for the most part , a complete waste of time . Aside from the HORRIBLE dub job on the audio , the FMV sequences are rough , forced , and contrived ... The ` puzzles ' were n't so much puzzles as much as trial and error with the inventory items ... Unless you get this game as either a gift or at a bargain basement price , do n't waste your time and money ...
 I decided not to listen to the previous reviewer that said that the cutscenes were the worst he 'd ever seen and that the game was horrible and I wasted my money !!!! This game is the most horrible game ever and I have played many games and many games that were great and many games that were ok or nothing special . There is no way to bypass the lengthy movie in the beginning everytime you start to play in this `` game '' , which is really a commercial for bayer or painkillers , it gave me such a headache . The cutscenes were choppy and obvious ; anyone could have done a better job than that . They should receive an award for worst editing , worst voice acting , worst dubbing , worst acting , worst game ever . If you do n't want to listen to reason , get it , waste your money and make them rich . I can not convey to you how horrible this game is and amateurish and visually backward . Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !
 I practically live on the computer with this type of game . I am not an expert but just someone who really loves solving mysteries and such . This was one of the worst games I have ever tried to play . I say tried because I never finished it . The dialogs between characters are pitiful and the movement and control of the character and objects is too complicated to make it fun . If you like a challenge then you might like this , but if you just like to have fun -LRB- like with CSI -RRB- then it 's not worth it .
 I was anticipating a better game . Lucas Arts Outlaws was much better . Western Outlaw has a below average sound track and graphics . Of course first person western shooters are far and few between . I did like the weapons . Seemed like the levels were similar in plot to Lucas Art 's Outlaws . $ 20.00 is overpriced for this game .
 Shame on Groove Games for releasing a game of such poor quality . They spent more money developing the packaging on this thing then they did on the actual game itself . - The graphics are extremely low resolution and chunky - The sound is terrible - The gameplay is elementary at best - The textures are extremely poor and are badly stretched over the modelsHow any self-respecting game developer could put their name on something like this is beyond me . I have seen better efforts from Middle-Schoolers creating a Counter-Strike mod.Granted , this is supposed to be a `` value-priced '' title . But I felt ripped off even spending ten dollars . This thing should be a free download.As for the other reviewers who gushed over it , I can only guess that they are either shills for Groove Games or are brand new to gaming and are still overwhelmed by the novelty of little people moving around on their computer screen.This game might have been hailed as groundbreaking in 1992 , but is nothing short of pathetic for any company claiming to be professional game developers today . If you really feel you need to waste $ 10 , convert it to $ 1 bills and go stuff them in a stripper 's g-string . You wo n't fell any less ripped off , but at least you 'll be a little more entertained .
 Bad graphics , boring story and really hard to move around.Cheaply done.Waste of $ 10 CAN
 This game will shock you at first when the rough looking main character speaks , because he sounds like Mr. Rogers , and is just as afraid of getting his hands dirty . Quite literally at times he 'll say , `` I ca n't do that . I 'd get dirty . '' What is this , the Teletubbies ? Also , the characters pause for huge periods of time when speaking to each other and move in a weirdly robotic slow way during cutscenes.Finally , while much of the puzzle solving might be fun during the middle of the game , as it moves to its conclusion it rushes , stops making sense , and finally ends with the absolute worst conclusion of any game I 've ever seen.If I were you , I 'd buy Runaway instead , or Conspiracies , or The Longest Journey , or Syberia , or that downloadable adventure which is excellent called Agon -LRB- go to Agongame.com -RRB- . But if you value your free time DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 This is one of the worse games I have ever played . It is boring and , like others have pointed out , there are a lot of useless items that you have to click on . And you have to right click on everthing too . It is one of those where it wo n't let you do something unless you trigger it , so you have to revisit every location and click on everything a hundred times.The worst part is that you can die from stupid things , like you can click on a wire and then die . You would think the character would say something like `` that looks dangerous '' but no , you just die . And you can get stuck , which is what happened to me . They give you 24 slots to save your game in , I recomend using them all . Save your game a lot and at a lot of different times , you never know when you could get stuck and the game could be unplayable . I am so sick of this horrible game that I do not intend on finishing it . If I wanted to play it again I would have to start from the begining anyway , because I made a mistake . If you insist on buying this , use a walkthrough , it will save you a lot of time and stress .
 Oh hey ... can any game suck more ?? I got drawn into the spooky box cover and the story description on the back . Aha ... but looks are deceiving . Once I started to play , well what a disappointment . First off , I hate games in which I am in essence the `` director '' always clicking the character to go here and there and waiting for him to actually get there . I actually think my clicker-finger has suffered damage ... lol ! And then there 's the endless dialogs -- blah , blah , blah ! I found myself telling the charecter -LRB- Samual Gordon -RRB- to shut-up . What a waste of time.Oh sure , the sound was good and the graphics were ok , but that did n't make-up for the lousy story line . I do have more complaints about the game , but I think you all get my drift on it . What a waste ... the creators could 've done alot better .
 This game has a protection called starforce . Starforce can cause your computer to mess up and also . By the lawsuit that is hanging in cort right now damage to your computer system and cd/dvd drive .
 quite possibly the most boring game on the planet.Nothing to keep you interested and the conversations are extremely dull.Don ' t waste time on this game , I ca n't even finish it.Oh well .
 This game is boring enough to fall asleep and never turn it back on . I found it very monotonous .
 This game was enjoyable up until the very end . The fact that it explained almost nothing leading up to the conclusion is irksome . The clues are blatant and I knew who the killer was halfway through the game . I think I would have enjoyed this game a lot more had it pieced the plot and subplots together . As it is , I ended the game with a lot more questions than answers and an unsatifactory feeling that I wasted my time . The ending was entirely too quick , and honestly I was expecting much more .
 After all the hype about how great the game was , the reality was such a disappointment . The graphics were fine , but the colors were very drab and not crisp enough to convey anything unique . The hardest thing was that I actually found myself bored halfway through the game ... you have to waste your time going back and forth to places with no reason to be there just to get information to get further in the game . The characters were boring , there were tons of unuseable items that were a distraction . And after all the time you waste , the ending is the biggest let down . They should have just wrote on the final screen `` thanks for your money sucker '' . Just like with movies that have really bad endings , I have even less appreciation and respect for games like this that stink due to the fact that you have to work harder to get to the end.Unless you have the time to waste on this sleeper , I would save your money .
 I like games where you have to figure out puzzles , trade items for information other items , that sort of thing . I had high hopes for this because there were `` numerous characters '' to interact with and `` several locations '' to explore . Halfway through I got tired of the pointless dialogue , the need to travel back and forth between locations to get one item to advance the game . The ending was so anti-climactic I wondered if that was really supposed to be the end of the game . I expected there to at least be some degree of difficulty for the end . I would n't recommend buying this game .
 The graphics , like everyone else has said , are gorgeous . The acting is terrible . The game definitely should keep its horror rating . It is gory . There 's a ton of action that happens in a morgue ! There 's also a very scary scene in which you 're talking to a man in a mental ward through a peep hole in an adjacent cell . But the worst part of this game , and the part that makes it able to keep the horror rating , is the satanic stuff at the end . Very creepy and very unnecessary . They could have ended the game without all of that . Not a game for children .
 I uploaded the game and when I tried to play I received error messages . I had to then download a patch from the site and once I got it installed tried the game again . Still it would n't play . Glad it was under $ 10 .
 I liked playing this game , until I got to some of the puzzles . I like puzzles in games , but some of the puzzles are a little too much for a couple reasons . First , the game designers assume you have certain knowledge or have books or an internet connection to look things up . I do n't want to have to do research while I 'm playing a game . Second , some of the puzzle start points are random so it is possible that you end up with one that is n't solvable and you have to restart from a save file . But it 's hard to know if something is actually unsolvable or if you just have n't figured out how to solve it yet . It stalls the game completely and is really frustrating .
 I really do n't think that there is a reason to cover up , that this adventure had - NO - story . If you want me to spoiler the whole story , read on , if not just do n't . ****** The Story : A bunch of people dies during you investigate the murder of your grandfather . You get deeper and deeper stuck in it , and ca n't solve who murdered your grandfather or the others - but you , as the player , most probably knew after the first three to five hours that your dearest Samuel was the murder himself . Surprised ? Yes , this is kind of a new element in a story , really ! There 's no more story.Now the main problems : So Samuel did n't return for 12 or 14 years - well , whatever - so he probably wo n't live near this region , right ? Or you would at least return home one time during the game . Well , Samuel is the murderer , possessed by this evil ancestor-spirit , or whatever ... How the hell did he get to Black Mirror , could murder William , get back home , and wake up , as if nothing happened ? The ghost drove there , killed William , drove back , put back everything , where it was before -LRB- keys , car , clothes , etc. -RRB- within one night ? Wow . Why the hell should it ? It needed five souls , or something - not quite clear - why did n't he just throw a bomb into the sanatory ? No no , he has to kill people Samuel gets to know -LRB- Vick -LSB- The boy -RSB- , Henry -RRB- or already knew a long time , and he also has to do it very complex . Why does the evil spirit put the boy onto an altar and kill him there instead of just cutting his throat whereever he found Vick?And how does Samuel get to the victim and kill this one that complex and accurate , without leaving ANY trace at his clothing or at the place ? It 's a riddle every single time.And what about this little subplots in the story?The family history ... it 's only
 The games not bad but for Dreamcatcher the grapics are pretty lame . Does n't capture me enough to play it often . Compared to all the other games I 've played by Dreamcatcher/The Adventure Coit just ca n't stand up to them .
 This adventure game , aside from it 's detailed graphics , had to be at the bottom of my list of classic adventure gaming . The dialogue was to be expected since I was familiar with The Adventure Company and Dreamcatcher , however , the story line and particularly the ending left a really bad taste in my mouth . Spend your money elsewhere . Please .
 I waited so long for this game and was let down . You constantly have to go back and forth in the game for no reason , other than to waste time . The narrative is so lengthy I found myself skipping through it and the puzzles were not that challenging . I am looking forward to Cypher and hope it is not as disappointing .
 I love adventure games ... but this one was stunningly boring . As another reviewer commented , even if you know what your next move should be , the game will require you to go away and come back . Some of the puzzles were annoyingly esoteric . For example , your knowledge of the signs of the Zodiac would be useful . Finally , the ending was a complete let down and did n't , on some levels , even make sense . The graphics were nice but I 've seen at least this quality in more interesting games . The `` map '' was only marginally time saving . All in all , I ca n't recommend it .
 I started playing the game , it seemed to me like it was dragging on and I got bored , with the storyline . There was nothing to keep me interested in this game .
 I 'll admit right now that I did n't finish this game and that is part of the reason I regard it so poorly . The truth is that I just was n't interested in the characters or the story . Also I think that the game is poorly designed and one point there was no way to continue . I had to get save from further on from a cheat site . Gloomy sets , morbid characters , no jokes and no female under 60 . No thanks .
 I hope I speak for others as well as myself . We are tired of having to repeat things over and over in our games before we can go forward in the game . ! This really takes away the whole mood of the game.Once or twice to ask questions is enough times , anything more you have lost the mood again . There is no need to touch everything to continue on , why do you do this ? I was so disapointed after waiting so long for this game . The upside is , the special effects are wonderful , the rain and thunder are like you are there . The locations are beautiful .
 Windows 7 said this game was compatible , so I ordered it before ordering Dark Mirror 2 and Dark Mirror 3 versions . What no one said was that this game is protected by software called Star Force . In order to work , Star Force drivers must also be installed on your computer . However , Star Force is NOT compatible with Windows 7 and I was n't able to find a patch that worked . Therefore , the game is useless to me on my desktop . Disappointing .
 I really wanted to like Black Mirror ... the gothic atmosphere was great and the story had the potential to be world-class scary . Unfortunately , the `` click on everything a few times and come back to it later '' setup was so annoying that I finally resorted to playing with a walkthrough so I could just enjoy some parts of the game without the frustration of counterintuitive actions -- most of the puzzles were n't terribly difficult , but the walkthrough saved me from pixel hunting and multiple fruitless conversations.And yes , the ending is as bad as everyone else said it was .
 Not much I can add that many others have n't said , except that if you listen to all the male voices you can tell they are all done by the same person -- and rather poorly at that . The female voices and that of the young boy were also done by all the same woman actor . They must have had a very limited budget and decided to spend it all on the graphics . The graphics , overall , were fairly nice , however I think they could have spent a little more time on the `` awakening from a bad dream '' sequence for Samuel . It 's not very realistic when compared to the rest of the game . The puzzles were rather easy , however some of the interaction did not make sense . Samuel is dumb enough to touch a live wire and get electrocuted , but has enough smarts not to touch a pipe jetting hot steam ? He blows a fuse in the old mine and has a penny in his wallet , yet instead of using the penny to replace the fuse , he has to wander all over the mine looking for another switchbox so he can get a fuse ? Huh . It 's an `` okay '' game , but I expected MUCH better from The Adventure Company based on all the other games of theirs that I have played .
 This has got to be the worst Jetfighter ever . I had more fun with the first Jetfighter game 15 years ago . You just play the same game over and over again . You do n't get to land or takeoff , or even attempt carrier landings . What a complete waste of money .
 If there is a game that should be given 0 stars this is definitely one of them . So you ask what is wrong with this game that would give it such a bad review?Well there is too much to list . There is too much wrong with this piece of junk software that it is hard to find even a technical aspect of the game that is worthy of mentioning.Let me list my system details : Pentium 1.6 GHz 400FSB with 512MB shared memory -LRB- 32MB for 8x AGP video -RRB- DirectX 9 . This surpasses the RECOMMENDED requirements excepting that the video cards 32MB is a minimum requirement.So you think this game would run half decently on such a system . But alas , this is not to be . Because this game just old plain sucks.Talk about .806 seconds of lag between physical mouse movement and response on screen . So I plodded in this screen chasing the mouse pointer on the screen making tiny movements until I got to a place that was clickable . Too much work for no enjoyment . Thus I worked me way through the single mission screens until I was ready to fly.I choose the F-22 Lightning III -LRB- Raptor -RRB- and start my mission to rescue America from the Evil . What is that ??? I am looking around and I see that I am in a F-16 Fighting Falcon ?? Something must be wrong I tell myself . But alas again I am not . Studying the gospel according to Global Star Software all the platforms have the same cockpit in Jetfighter V.Anyways , try to live with that none reality for the moment let me do some jet jockey stuff . I push over the joystick in an attempt to roll the F-22 that is a F-16 . No movement . So I move it more over to the right no movement . So I tried it again and there it was it moved and moved and moved having me chase the artificial horizon all over the place to try and level out the worst F-22 raptor that was made for the US Air Force . There was so much lag that you tend to have to plan you moves in advance because you will end up chasing the plane all around the HUD and never ever get to where you wanted to in the first place . Measured lag at this point was 1.670 seconds.The manual for the game says that real satellite mapping was used in the creation of the terrain . Ah ha ah ha ah ha . Maybe the satellite map is only correct if you bought it from Nauru . There is beautiful farmland where there should be just scrubland . So much for satmaps from Nauru . Has Nauru launched a satellite yet ? The terrain takes so much time to refresh and is too blocky when refreshing.I had enough of the game already . I uninstalled the game as there was no support for the game . The website given is a farce and they had removed their forum page as too many members were paying there games disrespect . Is it worth the $ 20 I paid ... ? No . I suppose I feel I should have got paid for putting my time into it working to get it going and putting up with the frustration.I would never again buy a game from this company again as I have never had any good experiences with ANY of their games .
 This game is not worth your hard earned $ . Take it back even if you get it for free .
 Boring that is all i have too say . boring . Not worth your money . too boring
 The game is not even a game . It 's the same thing over and over . There 's not even scenery to balance the dullness of the game . There 's an everlasting ` fog ' all over everything , that you never get to see the ground . Skip it .
 Cons :1 . VERY limited training . -LRB- Useless during actual missions . -RRB- 2 . No rudder control -LRB- I 'm no die-hard sim . fan but no rudder = no strafe in a first person shooter game -RRB- . Tilt for left / right course changes makes minor course changes VERY hard .3 . Overwrought mission instructions with too much story and hard to understand actual mission instructions . -RRB- 4 . A `` lock on '' system that misses as often as it hits .5 . Only TWO useful flying views -LRB- in cockpit -RRB- and chase . The rest are useless for actual flying .6 . Very hard to tell which weapon is selected or if one is in flight .7 . No `` developer console '' -LRB- i.e. no `` cheat codes '' -RRB- to help you keep flying/learning . Pros : It runs fine on an older XP machine with a fairly decent graphic card.It came for free with Jetfighter 2015 -LRB- not sure if that is still true . -RRB-
 I could n't even get the game to run . Everywhere I look I hear bad things about this game . A waste of $ 10 .
 What could the game designers have been thinking ? I 've been ambivalent about Dynasty Warriors 4 to begin with , but I 'd learned to accept its shortcomings . But in this installment in the series , it 's almost like the shortcomings are the only things left . They took the least fun and most annoying features of Dynasty Warriors 4 and made it the sole purpose for Dynasty Warriors 4
 This game is rubbish ! for starters the characters in this game look stupid at best . The gameplay is hopeless with stupid fights every so often with big ships that use lasers that are impossible to dodge , and take five minutes at the least to destroy . This game looks a lot like an asian game but is about Russians ! how dumb is that ? I had trouble giving this game 1 star ! why would you want to buy this game when you could buy another cheaper but one which is actually fun ?
 Please do not buy this game , it may look fun but it 's not . I bought it and it was fun , but if you die you have to pay 100-200 sol , if you run out of sol , you have to borrow from the dark loans . If you dont pay what you took times 8 , youll have to go to the punishment room and press A rapidly depending on how much you took . I couldnt push it that many times cause i had 3000 sol to pay back and had to sell/start over . PLEASE , SPARE YOURSELF THE PAIN , TIME , AND EFFORT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game has a great atmosphere , but thats it . I found it very repetative and dull . The HUD is a bit confusing and it just is n't practical . Walk around for 20 minutes , creepy music plays kill the monsters go back to you room for the next clue - Repeat - repeat repeat .
 SILENT HILL and SILENT HILL 2 seemed to be the beginning of a FANTASTIC theme for a long line of games . SILENT HILL 3 came along and it appeared too rushed and weak . No scary atmosphere , no interesting characters , just a feeble attempt at making a quick buck on the SILENT HILL wagon . The WORST of the series ... until SILENT HILL 4 . This game is really quite ridiculous . You would have thought that , with the success of the first two games , they would have put just a LITTLE more effort into newly released entries . The gameplay is mediocre , the theme is really uninspired , the atmosphere is COMPLETELY lost , heck , the whole idea about SILENT HILL is the town itself . Just like the 3rd entry , you are n't even IN SILENT HILL for the most part !!! Part way through the game , the designers seemed to just give up and force you to repeat areas that you already spent so much time getting through . That , in itself , is aggrivating.The recent SILENT HILL entries do not come anywhere near the first and second games and thats a shame . A good thing has come to a sorrowful end.R.I.P . SILENT HILL
 Boring , boring - be prepared to waste hours retracing your steps and running into dead ends . The pace is slow , the story is twisted , or non-existant . After playing it a few days I got stuck and spent a lot of time re-playing several scenes . You 'll have more fun lighting your foot on fire . For a good sci-fi horror game , get Doom3 . For a bad one , get this game - I 'd be happy to give it to you .
 I think my title and `` K '' 's review says it all . Unless you 've played SH games before , and/or are absolutely a survival/demented horror freak DO NOT BUY . RENT IF YOU ARE CURIOUS , then you 'll only be disappointed in a small sum of money wasted.I ca n't believe I wasted forty minutes of my life beated retarded dogs with metal poles . I was hoping it would get better or something , trying to find reason for wasting thirty-odd bucks on it ... then a ghost showed up and I said Screw this crap . And I played good games like MK Deception and Burnout 3 . People need to get a reality check . Just cause video games are popular now more than ever , new and hyped do n't mean good . Old school games like the original MK 's , Tekken , old Wolfenstein -LRB- for its day -RRB- , Doom 1 and Rainbow Six were the good stuff . And those arcade fighters , the side scrollers with big guy , the martial artist and the middle man were awesome in their day . And Diablo 2 , do n't get me started . All these games , IN THEIR DAY , were defining . Revoluntionary . FUN . Halo , Silent Hill , Midnight Club , Quake 2 , Half-Life 1 were hyped yesterday and are being hyped today . Someone persuaded the masses somehow to buy them , and I got caught up in it.Bring back games with imagination and - gasp - an actually satisfying fun factor . These days its hard to find the good ones -LRB- Burnout 3 , MK Deception , Return to Castle Wolfenstein -RRB- amongst the throngs of retarted trash . Grand Theft what ? Pixel porn and finding the best way to torture and mutilate people -LRB- Punisher , Manhunt -RRB- . No wonder people think violence stems from video games . By removing the fun and innovation , that 's all they got anymore !
 Ok , so I could not believe in the bad press until I played through this game myself . This is the first SH game I did n't really enjoy . There is so much that is just wrong with it that it starts to overtake that which is new or innovative . Basically you play through 5 generic levels ... then you get to struggle through the same identical 5 levels with a limping companion who gets injured easily and who gravitates into conflicts with invincible enemies -LRB- I am not kidding -RRB- . Some of the monsters/ghosts are creepy the first time you see them -LRB- which is saying something seeing how you do n't encounter them in the dark with a flashlight -RRB- but lack the originality of SH2 or SH3 and have seemingly nothing to do with the storyline . The story is a re-hash of `` Seven '' morphed with `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' with a main villain who is about as scary as some trendy 20-something actor playing a serial killer in any boring 20-something neo-horror flick -LRB- not to mention Henry -RRB- . Your room is an interesting and engaging concept but does n't equate to what the spralling town of Silent Hill did for SH1 & SH2 . Lastly , there is the soundtrack . Whoever thought to put a weak neo-metal ballad vocalist and a Peter Murphy wanna-be singing the lamest lyrics ever over the soundtrack needs to seriously explore another direction . On the SH3 soundtrack it was annoying and embarrassing , now it just sucks . Konami needs to put `` quality '' back into this series -LRB- no repeating levels , no RE item system -RRB- and seriously reconsider the nuances between scary and annoying game play .
 I had some major high hopes for the latest in the Silent Hill franchise , it sounded great , and after watching the truly chilling pre-title sequence to the game , I cranked up the surround sound , and dived in . . And overall I have to say that I was really disappointed.Silent Hill 4 continues in effectively the same tradition as the previous installments . A third person action/adventure game using the same fixed angle cameras , grainy filtering , and a bizzarrely unsettling collection of characters creatures and demons . It centres around a guy called Henry , who awakes in his appartment one day to find it totally sealed up from the inside , a note painted in blood on the inside warning him not to go out , and after some poking around discovers a small hole in the bathroom , which takes him to strange alternate worlds beset with ghosts , demons and curiouslyt interwoven with reality . Henry soon finds himself embroiled in the work of a serial killer , somehow related to his own appartment , and must battle to uncover the truth about Walter , and set himself free from the room.The big plus point really is the inclusion of the first person section in the room itself , and the sometimes unsettling use of the peepholes , sounds , and other effects in the appertment . In fact I would say that all of the decent scares actually come from this mode . The actual main game itself was very disappointing . It plays exactly the same as it 's predecessors , but whilst the story is engaging , the monotany of getting from one part to another really starts to take it 's toll . Essentially from start to finish , the game is nothing more than a collect-these-objects-and-put-them-here type of game , which is pushed along by the insultingly horrible device of people leaving reams of notes and diary entries everywhere which act as nothing more than a list of instructions for you to carry out . That said , the hard difficulty level offers you less help in this way , but there are no Silent Hill 3 style sliders to adjust the difficulty of the arcade sections , so the game becomes very difficult in all regards.Also and probably more importantly , the Room just is n't really that scary . After a very short while , I just found myself plodding on through it like a normal third person game , it just did n't manage to evoke that same sense of foreboding as previous games that would make you tread slowly , spin round at strange noises , and have you totally on edge at what was lurking in the darkness . The creatures were a let down too on the whole , just seemed nowhere near as inventive or downright disturbing as previous games , although the ghost victims were great and offered an extra dimension to the gameplay.But probably , above all , the most criminal thing about Silent Hill 4 is the fact that it re-uses every single location that you travel to in the other realm . So you basically end up trudging round the same place two completely different times with different aims , where only a handful of things have changed . This was a dreadful move on the part of the developers . After spending an hour or so exploring the prison world , reading notes , and working your way out of it , the last thing I wanted to do was have to do it all over again in a very sligtly different way a few levels later - it absolutely ripped the soul out of the game.So who is Silent Hill going to appeal to ? Well definitely to hardcore fans of the series , or the survival horror genre in general . Also , the story is strong , and intruiging enough to keep you going - if you 're interested in the unravelling of a mystery , it 'll also not let you down . But if you love Silent Hill for the scares , creepiness and atmosphere , I would n't recommend this particular one in the series , because it falls way short . Also it is really not gon na appeal to you if you 're more interested in the adventure side of action/adventure because there are simply no puzzles to solve in this game - merely things to collect , and places to stick them . To people wanting the ultimate Silent Hill experience , Silent Hill 2 is by far and away the best of the series . I do n't know if they are going to do a fifth in the series , but if they do I hope that they learn from the mistakes of the Room .
 If you 're a fan of the first three SH games , save yourself some some pain and pretend that this game does n't exist ... especially if you ca n't find it for less that $ 10.00 . The plot feels shoehorned into the Silent Hill universe , and you would n't be missing anything to just pass this game by . While this game has its -LRB- very brief -RRB- moments -LRB- for example , I genuinely cared about my next door neighbor ... in a creepy `` looking at you through a hole in the wall '' kind of way -RRB- , the gameplay falls flat , the levels are mostly crappy versions of areas from past SH games , your protagonist -LRB- who 's name I ca n't even remember -RRB- is n't interesting at all , and about half of your enemies hurt you just by being in the same general vicinity as you ... that 's just cheap . Seriously , this game is a stinker ... do yourself a favor and skip it .
 In my opinion , save your money . This is the worst game I have ever played in my life ! What a joke .
 I am a tremendous Survival Fan , I own even the lesser known titles such as Over Blood and the Ring . Silent Hill is one of my all time favorites , I was hooked from the first title . Silent Hill has a surreal and over all creepy atmosphere to it . There is often darkness , fog and decay in their stories . I have loved 1 , 2 and 3 . I had my hopes pretty high for Silent Hill 4 . Unfortunately those hopes were wasted.This game would have been fun if it was apart of the Silent Hill Franchise , but the moment they slapped that label on that game they basically rose the bar too high . Silent Hill 4 is dull and just not very interesting . It had some nice effects , some interesting characters and that is about it . The Monsters are n't even remotely interesting in this installment . They had evil monkeys for god sake!The Ghost were kind of nice , but this is n't Silent Hill . It was n't even very difficult but I made it nearly to the end , lost interest just out of pure and utter boredom and stopped for months before wanting to finish . I never did that with any other Silent Hill title . This was a most unfortunate sequal .
 I remember when Silent Hill 2 got an X-Box port as Silent Hill 2
 With video games , it seems you get what you pay for , and with the exception of expansions , games that have had the appropriate amount of time and talent put into them are $ 49.99 . So when I saw Silent Hill 4 for $ 39.99 , I was suspicious . However , being a fan of Silent Hill 2 -LRB- 3 never came out for xbox -RRB- , I figured it was worth a try . Big mistake -LRB- and I think it speaks volumes that Amazon has ALREADY dropped the price by a few bucks only two days after its release -RRB- . As noted in a previous review , the camera angles kill the game . You are constantly looking at your feet , your face , or walls . If you are lucky enough to see the enemy in front of you , you ca n't see the one behind you until it has already attacked . The attack system is awful , too . Bullets are useless , and it takes about 20 hits or so with the pipe to kill the enemy . The `` story '' is completely derivative , with many scenes and effects taken straight out of horror movies like The Ring . The first 15 minutes of the game was one clip after another , interspersed with walking around until enough time has elapsed in order to play another clip . Saving the game requires running all the way back to the apartment , which you 'll want to do after killing an enemy or two -LRB- seeing how long it takes to finally lead-pipe them to death -RRB- ... otherwise , you 'll find yourself loading up the last save which typically loses you ten or fifteen minutes of work . The game barely breaks out of the `` one star '' categories only because the atmosphere and sound is effectively creepy . Overall , a huge disappointment and one that is headed straight for the `` bargain bin '' at EB 's .
 This game pad is almost great . Good build quality and a nice array of controls , but the quality control is probably lacking . The Thrustmaster I received has a dead spot when when trying to `` turn '' left using the left joystick.I verified in windows and in my racing game that this dead spot was only on the left joystick and only smaller left `` turn '' inputs fall into the `` dead zone . '' Sometimes it actually registers right input when I move the joystick left . Not nearly precise enough for serious gamers .
 Bridge Baron 15 contains silly graphics and many cumbersome and unnecessary maneuvers . Replays are the most annoying . Wheras in older versions replays went zip , 15 plays them out almost card for card regardless of the player 's preset options . A host of conventions are available , a lot more than the average player uses , but the simplicity of play and bidding are gone .
 Do n't waste your money , I was excited for an RPG Yu-Gi-Oh ! game , but you are tasked with the impossible
 As a prequel to the Sacred Cards , i was expecting a lot . But this game simple didnt deliver . Firstly , The Gameplay is twice as slow , as the AI seems to review its options every time a monster is summoned or attack , basically every time a trap card could be played , wasting like 1 second 5 times every person 's turn . That would be ok , if the gameplay was as good the Sacred Cards too , but this game is just not fun . Its wayy too Hard , and you find yourself grinding for hours just to get enough to buy one new crappy card with 900 ATK points . Literally the 4th required duel in the game , the other guys monster average twice your power , -LRB- 1400 to 700 -RRB- , so you 're stuck training endlessly on the nearby drones . BUT , the redeeming factor of this game is a cool storyline like the Sacred Cards . Its just I have n't been able to see any of it yet .
 It was not like any game i expected . I was wanting a regular Yu-Gi-Oh game , and it was n't a regular game .
 I had 60 bucks burning a hole in my pocket and I wanted a game badly . Seeing this was a sequel for Sacred Cards I gave it a try . I bought this along with Rise of Nations for the PC .15 minutes in I knew this game was n't going to do any honors to the anime . The dueling is worse in this game than in Sacred Cards . You get no good monsters at the start and at the game shop -LRB- owned by Yugi 's Gramps -RRB- there 's no good cards to buy . And without any good cards you ca n't win easily at duels . Also the cursor has an annoying habit of whirling around the playing field after every time you do a command.Nearly 30 minutes later I got bored , annoyed and just plain mad that I wasted 30 bucks on a piece of junk . The only good thing that came out of me buying this was I got Rise of Nations as well . So I threw this away and hopped on the computer to play my RTS game.Don ' t buy this game unless you 're just getting it for the Cards.The Promo cards are Dark Magician Knight , Knight 's Title , Sage 's Stone which are fairly good combos to a Dark Magician deck .
 From my opinion , this is not a very good game . First of all , the duelists are waaay too easy . 2 . You have to pay 1000 zenie in the game to enter a card into the game , if u mess up the numbers you dont get the money back .
 Everything about this game is lame , the graphics , the user interface , and the very slow since of speed , car 's going 150 mph feel like 70 mph ! you can pump up your ride to 600 + HP ! and cars with 200HP will beat you ! If you are a fan of need for speed underground stay away from this stinker !! This game is very dissapointing ! avoid it at all cost 's !!!
 I rented this game thinking that it would be awesome and now I want a refund plus some money for gas for my wasted trips to blockbuster . It does n't matter if you choose a front wheel drive car or a RWD car , they both will have crappy handling . What 's worse is that you can completely hook up your car and the handling stills sucks . This game is a joke . Everytime you take a corner you have to brake so much or you will crash into a wall . Trust me you will crash . So there 's no point in getting a sweet bodykit because you 'll smash it up after your first turn . Even if you get on the brakes too much you 'll lose control , and thats on a fully tricked out ride . The game actually looks decent and sounds good , but what the point if I ca n't take a corner without crashing ? And after you crash , your once sweet ride that you paid so much for is going to look like crap while the computer 's cars are showroom fresh . There 's no point in getting it fixed because you 'll crash in Turn 1 unless you slow down to 20 mph . Who would create a game like this ? Need For Speed Underground is 20 times better and that game got on my nerves toward the end .
 Nothing is worse than being in afghanistan and waiting for three weeks for it to show up in the mail . when it finaly got here i was able to play for about 30 min . before i broke the game it was that much of a disapointment . i mean how can you release a game after underground and claim that it is a contender . the makers of this game knew that people would buy this crap as a steping stone to the second need for speed.now on to the game the lengths you can modify your car are terrible and the selection of paint ... when you customize your car at the house you can paint it whatever color you want not to mention the body kits in the game there is no selection what so ever . i think people get my point by now .
 I admit it . I fell into the hype that this game built up weeks before it 's initial release and I thought this game would be a real contender . Well , it is n't . It does have a few interesting quirks but overall , it 's a mediocre , Need For Speed Underground-wannabe that lack overall polish and finesse.The usual suspects for a street racing games are here
 I got bored of this game after about 10 minutes . The level is lousy , the car control is lousy , and it 's a total waste of time to even try to complete it . Online is boring as well.The girls in the game is probably an attempt to cover the lousiness of this game . Even if you 're just buying this game just for the girls , it does have hot pictures of them on the menu in skimpy clothes , but it 's not really much . You can also earn videos of real models dancing , but it 's not really that sexual if that 's what you 're expecting . It 's just a girl in slightly skimpy clothes like at the nightclub . They do n't dance in skimpy bikinis like at a gentlemen 's club . Do n't expect that kind of stuff . This game is rated Teen , not Mature or over.Anyways , this game is lame and a waste of time to complete . If there were no models , this game would have nothing to show but it 's lousy gameplay .
 look i didt like it it was so bad i sent it back cause it was a piece of garbage yea thats right .
 The game was good , I have gotten to a point in the game where it 's pretty hard to continue or beat the other racers . It 's kind of hard to find the right car to upgrade to beat the other racers . The driving mechanics are very different from Need For Seed games , which I thought it would be similar , but it had no customization progression , just only to a limit .
 I jus rented this game seeing the reviews were ok but i highy regret wasting 6 bucks at blockbuster . This game isnt even ok . Its horrible . the graphics suck , theres not alot of choices to make out of vehicles and u think ure goin 10 miles an hour WHEN YOUR REALLY GOING 70 !! WUTS UP WITH THAT !?!?!?! This games is a waste of time . The only reason i give it 2 stars is because one the girls on the loading screen are hot and two they explained the parts correctly but thats it . Everything else is C-R-A-P .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the first version of this karaoke game and was told that you would be able to buy a song expanision disc.Now instead of getting that I see that a vol .2 will be made seems like a way to make you send more money when all I want is more songs . WHAT HAPPEN TO THE EXPANDSION DISC ???
 this game has some of the best songs ever but they pick some of the cheesiest singers ever ! i quit playing until i found out you can turn the vocals down . that made it a lot better but still on some songs it goes way too high or way too low . so if you 're a big music memorizer and listener like me think about it before buying this game
 As a big fan of the Bemani series of arcade music games -LRB- such as Dance Dance Revolution , Guitar Freaks and Beatmania -RRB- , I was pumped when I heard about the first installment of this game . It 's basically DDR for your voice.However , as I soon found out , my voice apparently does n't work as well as my feet , and even though I did n't have too much trouble passing songs , hearing my own voice through TV speakers was more than a little discomfiting.Still , when KR2 came out , I decided to give it a second chance . I was sorely disappointed at the lack of new material , though . All the songs are new , but there 's not much in the way of interesting genres ... only pop , a few country songs , a few oldies and a stale rock song or two . More troubling , there 's only a few new venues - the rest are repeated from the first game.The first game has an option to load an expansion disc . This game should have been made an expansion disc and we all could have saved $ 20 . But do n't listen to me . If you love singing , you will love this game , and you 'll play it all night like I play DDR . If you do n't like singing - do n't bother trying .
 Not sure whether they screwed up the description here , or the shipping , but the kit we received was for a DSi not a DS - so the charger and the docking station were n't functional for a DS .
 3DO ended up in bankruptcy by developing three gaming franchises and then milking them to death . One of those franchises consisted of the `` Army Men '' games . `` Army Men Air Combat '' came out three years prior to this game on the N64 . 3DO was desperate to rush out more titles and this `` Elite Missions '' edition is just an opportunistic cash-in of their previous work . That 's not to say that the game is an all-out disaster , because it 's not . It 's just completely derivatave of other games in this same franchise and provides a rather shallow bit of gameplay.There are 20 missions in the `` Campaign '' mode . The one feature of this game that I enjoyed was the option of playing through the story in Single Player or Co-operative Mode . I really wish all similar games would have that feature . Multiplayer Modes -LRB- which this game has 4 of -RRB- are sometimes kind of fun but it gets real old real fast and it is a much richer gaming experience playing through fully developed levels with a friend.Overall , however , the game suffers from a variety of problems . Almost every level is the same thing . You fly around -LRB- in all missions -RRB- and have to destroy the Tan army 's tanks , helicopters , special weapons and military bases . You sometimes have to land on a helicopter pad and rescue people as well . That 's about it . The framerate when there is action on screen is HORRIBLE ! It gets very choppy and that is totally unacceptable for a bland game such as this . The auto lock-on feature of your helicopter goes all over the place and it is difficult to always know where your shots are going to end up.The game is beatable in only two days so you do n't get much for your money . One final note
 After a few weeks of use the right charging bay stopped working . I find this rediculous because it is a xbox brand . I would be skepticil about buying this again .
 ** ORIGINAL REVIEW - I wish I had purchased this device from the beginning instead of the USB-to-controller charger . This thing charges fast , allows for the simultaneous charging of two batteries and a light indicator lets you know when the batteries are fully charged . Now this may be a plus or a minus depending on who you talk to , but it plugs in to a wall outlet and not the USB slot on the console . I look at that as a plus as I have many near by wall outlets and like to leave my USB ports open for other possible peripheral . That said , the product comes with the cord , charging station and a spare battery for under $ 30 . It 's a great deal . ** UPDATE - So after about 1 year of owning this thing and maybe using it two dozen times , it has shorted out . I 'd like to lower the rating to 2 stars , simply because Microsoft has produced yet another shoddy product in my eyes . Yet another waste of money on my part .
 Amazon was great for the fact that the return was so easy . Microsoft only gets 1 star for the fact the brand new product was defective . Amazon sent a replacement that worked right away .
 Pictures in this add show two rechargeable batteries , but only one is in the package.Nothing in the description says different.False advertising and very deceptive . Not happy with this type of practice .
 Unfortunately , the quick charge kit I purchased does not work -LRB- defective -RRB- . This is the only drawback to on-line purchases ! It saves time at first , but if there is a problem , it becomes more of a problem !! I was advised to contact microsoft , which I did . The day I called I was at work and it was taking a VERY long time to try and resolve my situation with the Microsoft rep. I simply just wanted to return the defective item to be replaced by microsoft at no charge . I have not had the time to call back , but plan to still try and have microsoft replace .
 As M. Turner so nicely pointed out to all of you , why would you want to buy this when you could spend 1/2 the money on a regular charger , and more batteries , that do n't just go in your 360 controller ? I have a quick charger that charges 4 AA batteries in less then 1/2 hour . The quick charge kit takes 4 hours to do basically the same thing . But wait , I can also use my batteries in my Television Remote , or my digital camera flash . Just make sure you get one with a fan on it so the batteries do n't swell up from overheating . If you want to give MS more money , get the play and charge kit , as that sort of serves a purpose . You can have a wireless and wired controller in one . It also does charge when the 360 is off , like most people do n't know . You just have to have the controller plugged in when you turn off the power . You 're also not limited to only using the 360 . You can plug it into any USB port . Like your Ipod charging station .
 This is a joke , get AA charger and bunch of Rechargable AA batteries.I recommend 1600 MAh or more AA batteries.if the batteries died just replace with the charged ones.use your brain , you are smart person
 I am slouched in my computer chair as I type this ... bloody , winded , and defeated . A mere shadow of my former , confident self . I have long known that it is folly to wrestle with a blister pack without the benefit of scissors , but just as I always feared ... they 've finally built a better blister pack.I cut the top edge . Thinking the fell packaging bested like so many that preceded it , I laid down my scissors , placed my fingers into its open wound , and pulled apart with great force , barely suppressing an animalistic victory cry ... It is a good thing I supressed that victory cry , friends , for had I not I would have looked very foolish -LRB- in addition to stressing my intercostal cartilage -RRB- when the package refused to yield , and laughed off my efforts . `` Alright '' , I thought . `` I 've some more tricks up my sleeve . '' I reclaimed the scissors and set to work removing the left seam of the package . An unholy snap ! My scissors lay broken , and my arm -LRB- not my hand , ladies and gentlemen , but my ARM -RRB- was slowly welling up dark , rich blood in the deep gouge left , presumably , by the flying bit of brittle plastic which the package had flung at me , to protect itself against my insistent slicing.I retreated to the bathroom , treated and dressed my wound , and crept back , warily , to the field of battle . The package lay on my bed , looking quite battered , yet smug and very self-satisfied . I live alone . Today , there will be no reinforcements . Knowing that all the hopes of my discharged Xbox 360 controller batteries depended on my efforts and my efforts alone , I crawled to the scissors on the floor , and fell back immediately to a safe distance to plan my next attack.I decided that where guile had failed , boldness might succeed . I would cut directly down the center of the front side of the package
 Works great with Xbox brand -LRB- i.e. , Microsoft -RRB- batteries , but does not charge Nyko brand batteries -LRB- even though both the charger and batteries are advertised as being compatible with one another -RRB- . Lame .
 I was very excited about this battery charger , but only recently have I noticed that only one charging side lights up and works . I wish I had noticed this and returned it for a fresh new workign one when I received it . I guess as long as one side works the product will be OK , but it is very unfortunate that only 50 % of this device works ...
 Many have misleadingly reviewed this product as `` essential . '' You DO need rechargeable batteries if you 're using a wireless controller . You DO NOT need this expensive unit.The 360 Wireless Controller accepts STANDARD AA rechargeable batteries . You are paying a premium for the branding.Also , while this charger is described as `` quick , '' the product description says it takes `` under 2 hours . '' Energizer `` quick charge '' batteries charge in under 15 minutes .
 After reading a lot of reviews with people having problems with this kit , I still purchased it anyway . I have paid for my mistake . Do not purchase this product . It will break within one month .
 when I first got this charge kit it worked fine and for a few days it worked fine . After about a week it stopped working despite all attempts to find a way to fix it . Oh well I 'd just say be careful when buying from this vender .
 People - do n't buy this product . It 's a complete rip off for 2 reasons.First of all , the batteries do not hold a charge at all . If you let this sit around for even just one week without using it , all the juice will be gone.Second , it 's no cheaper than standard rechargeable batteries , so why not just use those to begin with ? Not only will they work better , but you can also use them with any other product . This battery pack is propietary and only works with 360 controllers . If it was insanely awesome battery time it might be worth it , but it 's not , so do n't waste your money !
 The charger stopped working after 2 charges . The light will not come on and and the battery will not charge . The advice from Microsoft is
 I ordered this product hoping that I would never have to buy battery 's . I was so excited that I would no longer have to run upstairs in the middle of an online game to get battery 's while letting my teammates down.I ordered this as a Gift to myself . It arrived while I was gone out of town . By the time I got back it was ready for me to open and start my never-ending gaming sessions . I pulled it out of the package and plugged it up . The Green status light lit up for about a second and then went off . It does n't recognize my battery pack . I bought an extra battery pack just incase so I could have one charging and one I am playing with . The battery packs do n't even fit into the controller perfectly , if your controller is vibrating it will fall right out.The `` Kit '' itself only comes with one battery pack unlike what is shown in the picture , this kind of upset me from the beginnning . So now my battery packs are dead weeks after I purchased the item and my `` Refund window '' has expired.So I now obtained a nice paper weight/brick to hold my carpet down . This upset me greatly.Horrible product , small refund window , only one battery pack , short cables , off-sized battery packs and misfunctioning products . I absolutely would not recommend buying this . Please do n't waste your money . You would be better off buying a Cheaper Play & Charge kit .
 Why spend $ 30 dollars on this battery charger that can only charge batteries for one purpose , the 360 controller . For half the price you can buy a charger and 4 AA rechargable batteries at walmart or amazon . Its half the price , you get two sets of batteries for the remote if thats all you will use them for , or you can also use the batteries in anything in your home like remotes or mp3 players . So spend half the price , get twice the functionality and be a smarter person .
 After playing High Heat 2002 a few years ago , I ran to buy this as soon as it came out . I have to admit , Im still playing it , but thats only because Im determined to finish my 162 game season , but after thats over , Im sure Ill never touch it again.This game has got some major glitches . For example
 I liked HighHeat 2003 more than any other baseball game and looked forward to High Heat 2004 . It 's gameplay rewards those who apply baseball strategy -LRB- working the count , hit-and-run , sacrifices , lefty/righty match-ups , etc. -RRB- , and punishes those who ignore them . This makes it my favorite on-field game . You can play an `` arcade style '' slugfest or tune the game to more accurately reflect the real game . This deserves a solid 4-stars . However , the new team management features for those who want to play `` fantasy GM '' -LRB- make trades , sign free agents , cut veterans , bring up rookies , draft youngsters , and the like -RRB- and then actually see the fruits of their labor `` in action '' on the `` field '' is terrible . There are too many bugs and obvious mistakes to list here . It warrants one star.The number and obvious nature of these errors indicates the team management of the game was a mere afterthought for the 3DO folks . No one tested it for very long . That makes the game very frustrating for dedicated fantasy baseball GM-types and stat heads.If you do n't care about team management , High Heat 's gameplay is more realistic than Sega 's , so buy High Heat . However if you want to field and manage a fantasy baseball franchise , opt for Sega 's version instead . It 's got some VERY cool team management features.If you want both gameplay and team management , buy Sega . It 's less realistic gameplay is a worthwhile trade-off for 3DO 's `` why bother '' team management offering.I guess we 'll have to wait 'til next year ...
 I saw all the features this game had to offer and thought it had some depth . It does offer a lot as far as features are concerned , unfortunately the interface is designed so clumsily it makes it awkward and just plain boring to do things such as change your minor league roster.The gameplay is by far one of the worst things I 've ever witnessed.YOU HAVE NO CONTROL OVER PITCH OR BAT LOCATION!You choose a pitch , then another option pops up if you want it to be a ball or strike . What is this , 1983 ? You would think that a game on the PS2 would allow you to control the movement of the pitch.Batting is boring , the batter ca n't even move around in the batter 's box ! Hitting a homerun feels the same as hitting a pop up.Fielding is awkward and slow.Bottom line - add all the features you want , the gameplay is just awful .
 the game is much better over last year but the over all look of the game is still poor the player face look all the same . detail like al is good but the over all look is not what you want from a ps 2 game . go with mvp baseball or all star baseball you will have a better over all good time .
 Do not , I repeat , do not buy this game . The graphics are horrible , the gameplay is horrible , the only reason it got 1 star from me is the A-AAA minor league system , but that doesnt even have real players . You would think 3DO would be able to add a couple prospects for each team , but no . High Heat 2004 is a bad name for this game , you ca n't even choose where to throw the ball . You choose a pitch , then you decide whether it will be a ball or strike . The graphics are terrible . The gameplay is normal . Ken Griffey Baseball for Nintendo 64 was better than this . This is the last time I am gon na buy a sports game from 3DO .
 This game has really disappointed me . I 've been a fan of High Heat for the past 3 years , and could n't wait for the new version . It was touted as having all new graphics , great gameplay , and improved AI . All I can say is I do n't feel it delivered.Within an hour of getting the game home , it crashed during a season sim . This has happened in other games , so I did n't get too upset . I then decided to play an exhibition game -LRB- hopefully a 2003 World Series preview -RRB- between the Yankees and the Phillies . In the bottom of the 10th inning , with a runner on 3rd and 2 outs , the computer popped the ball up . I caught it , but to my surprise , the runner on 3rd crossed home plate before the ball hit the mitt and the Yankees won the game ! Anyone who knows baseball rules knows that the run would not count.The graphics are improved , but they still are n't as realistic as the other games on the market . The `` improved '' animations still pop , which sometimes has a direct effect on the outcome of the gameplay -LRB- close plays at bases and popping tag animations where your runner gets called out -RRB- . The sim engine is still full of High Heat goodness , but I ca n't justify keeping the game if I 'm not going to do anything with it except sim games .
 I think this game is the worst baseball game i have ever played . Allstar baseball 2004 blows it out of the water . I am buying World series Baseball 2k3 to see how that compairs to high heat .
 This game will not load on a brand new PS2 . The game company -LRB- 3DO -RRB- told me to send my PS2 to Sony for repair or cleaning . It 's a month old ! My 35 other games all load and play.I did get the game to load once , by propping the game console up at a 45 degree angle . After playing the game , it promptly froze while I was viewing the game stats . It then would not reload!The company agreed to ` check ' my disc , if I would send it to them . I am paying the postage and insurance . So far this game has caused me nothing but aggravation ! DO NOT BUY IT !!
 Worst baseball game out there ... . Every pitch you make a strike they hit , they never swing at balls . . You have no movement of the ball , but some how the computer does ... I just busted my game today . . You can never throw a no hitter and you have to score over 10 or more runs to win ...
 This game is not one bit realistic and really hard to make it through an entire game with out getting bored or annoyed with something that is just silly ! The camera angles at times dont follow the play and you will need to catch a fly ball with nothing on the screen ! The load times are ridiculous and through out the game your PS2 will sound like it 's about to explode . The graphics are no better then my Ken Griffey game for N64.Apart from all that , I have to say overall there still is not a baseball game that is a real simulation . Baseball fans want a real game , not this baseball 2020 stuff . -LRB- remember that game from genesis ! -RRB-
 This is by far the worst baseball game in years . I had high hopes after reading a recommendation in this site , but I should have known better than to believe a review written about a game one month before it was even released.I have yet to find anything I like about this game . The graphics are very average . I remember baseball games with better graphics on my Sega gamesystem many years ago . The gameplay is very choppy and too `` cartoonish . '' Curveballs start way above the hitters heads and drop down into teh strike zone.The game is way too easy to play and unrealistic . The first game I played I was the KC Royals and lit Randy Johnson up for 12 runs in the first two innings . Yeah , that 's realistic . The other thing that upset me was that they brought in the closer to relieve in the 3rd Inning.If you are just looking for a game that you can score a lot of runs and maybe have a little fun , this is the game for you . If you want a game that is somewhat realistic , do n't even waste your time.As for me , tomorrow I go out and sell this game and buy All Star Baseball 2004 on February 28 and hope for better results .
 The gameplay is horrible , the graphics are horrible and the overall game is horrible . For example , when you pitch , you ca n't even choose where the ball goes . all you choose is the general section of the plate and whether it is a ball or a strike . When you bat it is basically the same thing , you just choose a general area and it swings there.This game is the worst fifty dollars i have spent in my life . Do n't buy this game
 ... For starters , the graphics in HH04 are so bad that it 's almost painful to watch . You literally can not tell one player from another . Even the stadiums were done poorly , and the crowd is even worse . Player animations in the field are horrible . Jumps and dives arent real-looking . Often times the ball will just magically appear to be caught by someone , despite the fact that it looked like it was 10 feet away . Nothing in this game is smooth , everything is jerky.The in-game play is frustrating . If you 're pitching and the count is 3-2 , just walk the guy , because if you give them any pitch to hit it will be crushed . And the computer will ALWAYS rally in the 9th , no lead is ever safe . The AI is annoying . The CPU catcher is ALWAYS throwing to first to check the runner , and so is the pitcher , regardless of what base a runner is on -LRB- 3rd ?!?! -RRB- . The game just has a clumsy feel to it , the whole thing seems slapped together , even the menus ' look and feel is bad . There is nothing fancy about HH04 , there is n't a single bell or whistle.The only good things are the vast amount of sliders and the ridiculously micromanagerial franchise mode . I wish all sports games ' sliders were this thorough , it lets you construct your own game down to every last detail . And is anyone really that obcessed with baseball that they want to manage a team that much ? Well , if so , then this is your game . ...
 This game was such a waste of -LCB- money -RCB- . I bought it upon the high reviews of a couple people and magazines and was very dissapointed . The hitting and pitching are terrible , the graphics look like something out of an old nintendo game from the 80 's . Do not go out and get this , I played All Star 2004 and it is much better . I just hope I can sell this game somehow .
 As much as I hate to say it , do n't bother with this game . It is a sad , sad disappointment . 3DO boasts that they have completely overhauled the graphics for 2004 . But have they ? The answer is yes and no . Much of the game looks and feels exactly like it did last year , except for the players , who now bear absolutely no resemblance to their real life counterparts . I mean none . The faces are simply awful ; much , much worse than in 2003 , and that 's saying something . Did they change the animations ? Yes . For the better ? Well ... that depends . They are different from last year , but still kind of herky-jerky and often unrealistic . You will see the shortstop make a jump-throw to first base , but without any apparent reason to do so . He just flutters up in the air like a wounded butterfly in a stray gust of wind . The batting animations are very similar to last year , except the ball now flies off the bat at near warp speed , reaching the wall in a second or two . Homeruns are still the same bland , vanishing seeds , presented from the same dull , uninspiring camera angles . The pitchers ' motions look more life-like , and that 's nice . The stadiums look okay , too , but not different enough from last year to warrant spending fifty bucks .3 DO also claims they 've improved the announcer commentary . Well , the same tired phrases do sound a lot cleaner and crisper , but I do n't know if that 's a good thing and I 've yet to hear any new phrases . The sound effects -LRB- crowds , vendors , hecklers , etc. , -RRB- are supposed to have been improved , but I really did n't notice . The game just looks so shoddy , you do n't care about the sound.Does the game play well ? Yeah , it seems to . I have n't played long enough to determine if it 's significantly different than 2003 . And that 's not really the point . I loved the game play in H H 2003 , but I expected its visual deficiencies to be addressed in 2004 and they were not ; in fact , in some areas , they actually declined No matter how you care to cut the cake , good graphics enhance the feeling of realism . If this were not true , and statistical accuracy was the only important factor , we would all be satisfied with a good board game like Strat-O-Matic Baseball.I 'm sure I will find things to enjoy about playing H H 2004 . I 've only had it for a few hours and these are just my first impressions . But to be honest , I do n't think I 'll bother buying next year 's version . 3DO appears to be either incapable or unwilling to institute the improvements necessary to keep this franchise in competition with its rivals , All-Star Baseball and World Series Baseball . Those two titles seem intent on keeping their product fresh and interesting each year by making the necessary tweaks and upgrades . Sadly , the same can not be said for High Heat Baseball . And that 's too bad . It was once the best game out there .
 i got this game for my birthday and i tried it out . but its too easy . i was bombing a homer every single time ! i was even on the all-star setting !
 More than any other game except perhaps Silent Hill
 The game can be freaky at times . I mean , some maniacs chase after you and pop out from various places , but you can finish this game fairly quickly . The story is interesting , and the scare factor is all right . But at times . . you ca n't help but laugh at how some of these `` maniac stalkers '' , can be so corny and resemble some type of walking-character at Disneyland . And after a while , you do n't get as scared . But if you really want interesting plot lines , or just want to pee in your pants out of fright , I suggest playing Fatal Frame 1 and especially , Fatal Frame 2 , or the Silent Hill games ... those are classics . But with any game video game , renting is always a good option before purchasing .
 I thought clock tower 1 was really freaky , about a homicidal killer on the loose . It just had a very dark and grim psychotic feel to it . The story of it was so real , because it 's something that could really happen in real life . So I was really excited to hear Clock tower 3 was coming out.When I first saw it , it was interesting . Then the game continued ... I could n't believe it was the same game ! It was awful ! I 've never seen such a disgraceful sequel ! Where did all those mystical powers come from ?? Alyssa reminded me of sailormoon bringing out her magic wand to fight her next demon , but in this case , a bow and arrow . It was the cheesiest and lamest survival horror I 've ever seen . I was so disappointed . I was ready to see a twisted ending like you would in Clock tower 1 or 2 , but instead , you see a load of stinky cheese.I have to give credit to the CG . The CG animation was very nice . But other than that , this game was just so disappointing . I hope to never witness this act of bad sequelness again ! Especially for survival horror game .
 Alright I got Clock tower 3 when I got my ps2 thinking it was going to be a great game ... and I was wronge . It sucked ! It only took me 4 hours to beat . I will say this , The serial killers Rock . All you get to fight back with is a bow !! I guess thats understandable since you play as a teenage girl and a shotgun would be a little too much for her . Clock tower 3 is n't worth your money . Rent it maybe , but do n't buy it .
 Ok , lets get to the point , this game is the garbagest game i have ever played . I went to the store looking for I good game to play and when I put it into my PS2 and saw that all u do is run around with now weapons from monsters that seriously ticked me off . The bad part about it is that I ca n't even return to the store beacuse it 's open , so it 's sitting in my closet collecting dust . Clock Tower may have good graphics but the game itself is horrible , do n't buy it , a matter of fact do n't even rent it , This is word of advice , If u get it then hey , ur loss , u could have bought a much better game .
 This game , -LRB- as I do agree with some people -RRB- really does suck . I love capcom but I can believe capcom would come out with a piece of junk like this . It can be fun at some parts throughout the game , but only a few . Also there were a few glitches , and the controlls were messed up . Other bad things include the stragety guide ! You do n't even need it ! They messed that up too and you dont need it except it has some hints . Also , some of the bosses you have to beat can take FOREVER , I repeat forever ! I spent about an hour or two on this one boss!If you like games like Resident Evil or silent hill kind of horror games this a great game to get ! But if your like me and ca n't stand stupid unrealilistic horror shooting games do n't buy this -LRB- although it can be fun at times !
 At first when I saw the cover , I jumped with excitment because the cover looked like my favorite fame Fatal frame . Unfortunately , when compared to Fatal Frame 1 and 2 this game seems like barney . All you basically so is run , hide , run , hide and run from mosters . Sure when you 're running from them , it gives you a heart attack , but it 's no big deal . The puzzles are either easy or hard , especially since the ansers are right under your nose . At the end when you fight the boss , you 'll get weapons . Not bad , but you can easily finish this game . Don ; t waste your money on this product . If you want just rent it first .
 I ca n't believe this game was rated so high by others . I think it 's an awful game , totally boring , and I regret purchasing it . It failed to hold my interest . I quit playing after the first boss . A horror/mystery fan , I bought it hoping it would be similar to Resident Evil 4 , but it 's not even close . A young girl goes around and gets attacked by ghosts . She has no weapon other than holy water and quickly gets panicked into death . Her movements are awkward . The battles are awkward . The graphics are n't very good and the game is not challenging . I feel that the game was n't developed as well as it could have been , and overall , I 'd say it was disappointing . I suggest that you rent it before you buy it .
 I bought this game about a month ago thinking that it would be great ... But I waS WRONG ! This game was teribble . You ca n't even fight the bad guys who chase you . Some people say thats what makes this game so good but I think you should be able to arm yourself with a weapon because when they chase you all you can do is hide . If you ask me thats not very exciting . Ohh and you get holy water to freeze the bad guys . I mean what kind of crap is that ? Also when people put this game in the same catagory as resident evil , Silen hill , and fatal frame it gets me mad . A game this bad dose n't deserve to be catagorized with those awesome games . Yes it is scary and the graphics are great but it dose n't make up for the diffuculty , controls , boringness , and all the other flaws in the game . If your lookin for a great game to scare you get Silent Hill , Resident Evil , or Fatal Frame 1 & 2 . I warned you DO N'T GET THIS GAME !
 There are simple reasons to know why Clock Tower 3 is just completely dull :1 . The game is just too short .2 . It is n't fun as the first Clock Tower .3 . It needs better gaming.Toss it away or just rent it instead .
 this game sucks . If you want a truly disturbing game play the 3 fatal frames on ps2
 This game is a complete waste of time . It is just too hard to play . I think I know how to play video games , having played them since they first came out in the early 70 's . Having a monster chasing you all the is not my idea of fun . And having 3 shots of water as your only weapon sucks ! You die before you can get to refill . When you use water it only last a few moments . After playing for 2 days I QUIT ! I wish Amazon would let me put a zero in the star ratings .
 I have never written a review before but this game is SO LAME I had to put my frustration somewhere and warn other gamers out there no to waste thier time or money . Let me put it this way , it looks good , the idea is scary and intriguing , and the characters are even slightly endearing , but when you put it all together ? Crap ! The camera angels give you limited viewing and moving Alyssa around is jolty and a bit out of control . The boss fights are either too easy or too hard and there was n't a challenging puzzle , and did I mention the game takes about 3 hours to win ? I would have enjoyed this game about 4 years ago before I knew what an adventure game could really be like . Coming from Fatal Frame to this is a joke , and Beyond Good and Evil is n't scary but at least it 's fun and Primal really stretches you for figuring out environmental puzzels and you care about the hero 's . Play those instead !
 Hmmm ... I saw the cover and it reminded me of my favorite game -LRB- See below -RRB- . So I jumped in with both feet only to be mildly disappointed and not very entertained . This game is OK to play . Very repetitive ... run from monsters , hide , look , run from monsters , hide , look , run from monsters , hide , look ! Imgaine my shock to find out that there really are only 4 bosses and the game is over . Even for the most basic of ammateurs , total game time is about 10 hrs which is n't worth it for me . The puzzles -LRB- can we really call them that ? -RRB- are super-simple . Do n't get me wrong , I like not being stumped at some stupid puzzle which prevents me from progressing through the game but here , I did n't even have to think . You ca n't go into the wrong place in this game ... the game wo n't let you . If you are exploring the bottom floor of a building , all the doors will be locked except the one you are supposed to go through.The music here is NOT frightening . . more annoying than anything else . I played this game in one day so it 's not worth $ . I was n't scared . Now for a scary game , play Fatal Frame . That game scared me to death and I could not play it on my own . THAT 's WHAT IT 'S ALL ABOUT THERE !! WHOA ! I will NEVER forget the weekend I played Fatal Frame . My boyfriend had to sit next to me while I played that . Silent Hill I & II were great but Fatal Frame wiped them out easily.I am confused by the person who said this was the best game in 2003 . Please , get out more and play some other games.Here 's the problem with this game
 I liked the premise of the game , but this game was unnecessarily tedious . I believe puzzles and boss fights should be hard but fun , not hard and tedious . There is no internal logic to the game , which means the game is very limiting in its structures . What you can use in regular gameplay is different from what you can do during boss fights.Other things that inhibit the game play is the camera angles . You do n't know where your monster is coming from , so it could suddenly appear on your side . It seems stupid to see Alyssa run directly into the arms of your killer just because the camera does n't allow you to spin around . And it does n't help the Alyssa is slow , takes about 3 seconds to get to her feet , and is prone to panic attacks.I liked the gore and creepiness of the game . It was emotionally pulling although some of the dialogue needed rewriting . The premise is not all the original but still enjoyable , but all this is inhibited by the gameplay.I do n't know if they 're making a Clock Tower 4 , but if they are , the developers should really study the classic horror games out there , and see why those work .
 Clock Tower 3 is fun at first and really is scary . you will not play this game alone , i guarentee you . the weird creatures with hammers chase you around and call for your name `` Alyssa where are you '' when you are hiding in a locker , phone booth Etc. . It is fun if you are planning on breaking your PS2 , because this game will make you do just that . The game is impossible to beat and you ca n't take five steps before you hear the creepy music , which means a monster is nearby and is looking for you . amd when they are gone you will see them disappear through a blue portal that came out of nowhere.Though the game is fun , rent it , do n't buy it .
 I am really disappointed because i have n't received my video game . Still waiting for it to arrive , email the person i bought the game from and they say they cant do anything . I feel like i need to get my money back and purchase the game somewhere else . It isnt fair for someone to get charge for a product if they havent received it yet , plus pay shipping & handling .
 Why is it that Microsoft -LRB- which controls the 360 game prices -RRB- thinks that we should pay double for this game on the 360 platform . At least if their going to do that throw in a Soccer ball and a Fifa faceplate for the 360 . But as always Microsoft taking advantage of it 's consumers . Id wait to buy this game if I were you , if you really want it . It should drop to $ 30-40 soon being a sports game . Id rather buy Battlefield 2 Modern Combat for the 360 , now there 's an incredible game ! ... and you can download the demo for free thru XBOX Live Marketplace . Hey , instead of wasting $ 60 for the Fifa game get XBOX LIVE for a whole year !
 I knew that the previous UEFA Euro 2008 was giving me a migraine with the glitches I was getting from playing the game but this far surpassed that . First when I tried starting a match the player I was controlling would freeze up and than I would hear goal and the other team instead of at least getting one point got four points in one second tell me how that works out because I do n't know , another was when I was at the goal about to take the shot my player would end up at the other end of the field making the wrong goal and giving the other teams another goal can you say what the @ # $ @ !! I did n't have this problem with the FIFA 2006/2008 regular games those worked just fine with no problems so I really do n't know what EA sports did with this one except give me and later on my friends headaches when I gave this stupid game to them . If I could the only thing good about this crappy game was the field graphics and character designs and that 's probably the best you can get from this game . I do n't really know if anyone else has had this problem I tried getting in touch with EA to see if my game was defective or anything I could do to fix these glitches but after being on hold for 45 minutes enough was enough . So all I can say is for a reasonable price and if you like soccer games this might be o.k. for you if you 're lucky enough not to end up with a crappy disc like I apparently must have gotten ...
 I 've played many EA FIFA soccer games , starting with FIFA 95 -LRB- I think -RRB- , and this got to be the worst of all . In general the game just does n't feel like it was well-thought out .1 , the graphics are n't impressive . This being a XBox 360 game I think we all deserve nicer graphics .2 , the game menu is very time consuming to navigate . It seems that if you select any item on the menu , it will ask you again and again if you want to save the settings to the harddrive , when the harddrive is the only memory device attached to the XBox 360 ! After you finish a tournament game , you must go through 4 questions in the menu . `` Do you want to save the tournament ? '' -LRB- Yes -RRB- `` Please select which storage device '' -LRB- The only storage device you 're showing me , the harddrive , please -RRB- `` Do you want to save your awards ? '' -LRB- Yes -RRB- `` To which storage device ? '' -LRB- Again , the only storage device , please -RRB- . And all this happens after the computer asks me which storage device I want to use when the game first loads .3 , speaking of time time consumption , the game force you to watch a lot of animation . Whenever you or the computer makes a sub , the game puts on this stadium scene for about 10 seconds , and you ca n't skip it . Admittedly , those are the only nice graphics contained in this game . Perhaps that 's why the producers really wants you to appreciate it ! If you play on Xbox Live , your human opponent can force you to watch a truckload of animation as well , such as 30 seconds of opening scene and 30 seconds of closing scene .4 , This bothers the most . The AI is so dumb that it made me smash my gamepad in anger more than once , and I 'm not usually an angry type . When you try to pass the ball to a wide open player the AI decides to pass it to another player guarded by 3 opponents . Or when one of your players is the person closest to a free ball but he wo n't do anything other than just standing there and watching the opposing team to take it . Or when the ball lands in the vicinity of a player , you hit the `` switch player '' button , but control is switched to the player second or third closest to the ball . You keep hitting the button and it just wo n't switch to the player who is closest to the ball who , of course , is just staring at the ball . I also like how when you make an offside pass , the computer does n't tell you it 's offside until after you dashed for it for 5 seconds and touches the ball .5 . Oh , and more design flaws . Sometimes the goalie makes a save , but unfortunately , his whole body AND the ball are both in the net already . But the computer does not detect the score , and the game goes on . I 've seen this happen more than once on Xbox Live . Also , when you are very near the end line and thus have a very small angle relative to the goal , it 's pretty hard to score a goal , right ? Not so . If you do a chip shot at a very small angle , the goalie gets very confused and will not catch the ball - never.These are the annoying little things I can think of right now . I love the sport and used to love soccer video games , but unfortunately this game has turned me completely sour . With little things like when the England scores a goal against France , the stadium crowd goes jubilant and joyfully wave French flags , it just feels like EA did n't care at all . There are so many annoying little things that could have been easily fixed.Bottom line
 I love racing games . My first experience with a killer racing game was Rage Racer on PS1 . I loved R4 , Gran Turismo , and Gran Turismo 2 , and Wipout 3 on the PS1 . The PS2 's pure racers have been more sparse for me . I loved GT3 , but short of that , I consider the best car game on the system to be GTA3 and GTAVC . Now , to the subject at hand : Automodellista breaks the one big rule of racing games . It has horrible physics . Rent it first , please . Watch one of your replays . Yes , you can come to a full stop just turning , and I 'm not talking powersliding to a stop , you just stop when you turn . Also , I 've hit a wall and watched my car , with it 's center of gravity fixed , rotate . The tires are n't the source of propulsion in this game as they are in GTA and GT.Money ... Rage Racer and the Gran Turismo series add fun because you have to buy the cars and buy the upgrades . There is no concept of money in AM . You want a viper , sure , have one . You want another , to paint different , sure , have another . Any car , you got it . I 'm talking before you race one race.However , the graphics are stunning , but who cares.Rent it so you know ... Do n't just trust me ...
 I really wanted to like this game , I reallly did . But -LSB- bad -RSB- handles ruins this gorgeous looking racer . I am one of the biggest gearheads in my neighborhood -LRB- and I am only 12 -RRB- , and I totally went out and rented this game . A day later I returned it because it was that bad . After playing for about 2 minutes and beating it in a extra hour and 30 minutes that I will never get back in my life , I cried for the rest of the night . I also had nightmares japanese-anime looking Dodge viper GTS concept cars hitting me . Please save yourself and your leisure time from this terrible game .
 This game is mostly hype . I was hoping for GT3 with cell shading but that 's not what this game is . The graphics are different but there are a lot of jaggies and pixelization . Most of the cars upgrades are avaliable for free so why work hard to get your car in shape ? The controls are too sensative . Turn alittle to much and the car spins out coming to a complete stop . I ca n't count the number of races I was leading but spun out and ended up 6th . I also found the special effects from the tires and of the line when driving fast to be very annoying .
 Its so hard to handle your car that you lose every race . The graphics may be great , but the way they made this game is poor . I would maybe rent it but dont buy it because I took it to a used game shop to sell after I played it once . Dont get this .
 this game is so stupid ! please save yourslef the 50 bucks of complete pointlesness ! the only reason i didnt give it 1 star is because of the online play . its the only + . Pros : Online playCons : everything elseplease do not buy this game
 This is the absolute worst game i have ever played . I also feel that it totally ruins the online experience . Whoever made this game should really consider another line of work . If you want a good game go get SOCOM navy seals . Best game they ever made .
 - Auto Modellista is not what I thought it would be . Whenever I asked anyone about it they said `` oh ! yea that , its like a cartoon gran turismo 3 '' . it 's not.-It 's a very short game with awful physics and the most number of laps in a race is like 4 around a short track . I beat this game in 3 days . only playing for 45-75 minutes a day.-Most of your time though is spent customising your cars which is awsome because of the good variety of cars and the variety of parts . The customazation of cars is the best part of the game . That is why I gave it 2 stars.-The online mode is fun if you can find someone to play whith but the online racing is n't as fun as midnight club II -LRB- niether is the game -RRB- - The multi player is fun if you can find someone at your skill level . -- thats all now go buy Gran Turismo 3 or Mightnight club II --
 Auto modelista is a huge let down as far as racing sims go with only one saving grace . The thing that matters the most in a videogame is the core gameplay , length , and replay value , and auto modelista falls flat on its face in all three categories.First of all the core gameplay . The game has very short , unmemorable tracks , which is really a shame because the graphics are excellent . The cars drive terribly , powerslide around every turn . As for the car selection , the game consists mostly of uninspired import cars , and the occasional viper or corvette.As for the length of this game , it took me roughly 3 hours to beat , which is laughable compared to the 35 hours i have on final fantasy 10 , and im still nto even close to done ! The longest race is 4 or 5 laps long across a tin race course , really the load times took more than the race time most of the time.As for the replay value , once you beat the game , your done , might as well use this game for kindling in your fire place . Yes , it does feature online game play , but it is terribly uninspired , and just as boring and brief as the offline expierience.So what is the one saving grace of this game ? The pretty graphics of course ! Through all of the flaws the light of graphics does gleam through on this not so shiny gem . Customizing your car is extremely entertaining , and finding all the perfect tones of paint for your car . There is also a wide array of stickers , and a custom sticker maker . The down side of the sticker maker is that it is no where near user friendly , and a tutorial would have been VERY helpful.In conclusion your money is much better spent elsewhere . This is the kind of title that comes out terrible , then the sequel unexpectedly blows you away , so lets just keep our fingers crossed that if there is an aut modelista 2 , they completely overhaul the terrible controls and make the races MUCH longer !
 Sorry , do n't buy this game ! The idea of a cell shaded racre is cool , all the hype , the pictures and the new challenger to Gran tourismo are completely false . You have zero control of your car around corners , braking sends your car into some crazy wobble across the track until you slow down enough to go straight -LRB- with added SFX of something reminisent of opening the door to your home on a very windy day and not closing it right ! -RRB- I was stupid - i bought it full price when it came out and hated it the second i got going . Music sucks , tracks suck , sound sucks - cars look cool but overall - IT SUCKS!Don ' t waste $ 1 let alone $ 50 on this heap of steaming stuff !!!
 Ya , this game is not the greatest racing game I 've played ... I mean , even Tokyo Extreme Racer Zero is better than this . The only thing I like about this game is there is a lot of cars to choose from , it does n't cost to get parts , and you can decorate your garage . Decorating your garage is the coolest thing . You can put any kind of posters you win up , and you can put all the other things you win . To me , thats probably the best part of the game . The racing looks so kiddyish , and the turning is kind of wierd . I havent played online yet so maybe that might be better than the single-player . Im gon na go play Counter-Strike ... Im out !
 I 'll write this review at the risk of unfounded backlash . I mainly focus on the story aspects of RPGs , so I 'll start with that.I 've heard this game has the best story in any RPG . I 've played maybe 15-20 hours and the main character frustrated me so much that I stopped after the realization came to me that she would not wise up . I do n't want to wait another 20 hours before the story gets `` great '' . This game is , well , as many games are , for kids . The female main character is brash , foolish , and screws over the rest of the characters more than once , and harvests no sympathy from me . The male character who wants to `` score a date '' with her is weakly portrayed and serves as comic relief for a younger audience.Many of the other characters are cute at first , from their image to their personalities , and their backgrounds are deadly serious . Yet , much of it is melodrama and becomes unengaging.The reason I 've listed two stars is because the graphics and sound are anything you 'd expect from a Squaresoft founded title , even if it 's been taken over by Namco.As for this `` game '' being a so-called game , it 's functionality is repetetive and boring from the unengaging battle sequences to the endless upgrades you must make for your characters attacks that serve to keep the player busy rather than entertained.This game is even more disappointing than the dreaded FFX and FFX-2 . ... I expected so much more for SquareSoft .
 I bought this game when it first came out . In fact i had been waiting for a long time in anticipation because I was such a huge Xenogears fan . Unfortunately this game was a total let down . I can not believe people are giving it five stars . These are highly inflated scores for a mediocre game . It was n't that good of game when it came out and it still does not remain a good game . The story is all over the place and not focused . The combat is boring and so too becomes the story . I really tried to give this game a chance I played it and pushed through the long boring cut scenes but in the end i gave up and just quit . After a week or so I came back to the game and did n't even remember where the story had left off or what I was doing . That just goes to show that it was n't memorable . I ended up giving the game away to this girl at work , after a month I asked her if she had beat it and she told me it was to boring and that she traded it for devil may cry 2 credit . I am just shocked at how the price is so high for a game that is just not that good . Check the reviews for this game from different websites and you will see it is not all that .
 Xenosaga is paradoxically both too long and not long enough . It 's not long enough in that despite those 30 hours of gameplay and probably 10 hours of cutscenes to work in , if feels like the party accomplishes next to nothing in the entire game . This makes for an incredibly frustrating ending -LRB- though I wo n't lie
 I have played Xenogears for exactly 2 hours and 30 minutes now , and I have fought a wopping 5 random battles that arent worth my time and have had about 10 minutes actually playing the game . The other 2 hours and some odd minutes are freaking cut scenes that arent even good enough to get my attention . The game is not bad though , but DEFINITELY NOT A FINAL FANTASTY OR HIGH LEVEL RPG . Its just a plain run of the mill rpg , so dont expect anything .
 Anybody who plays this and has never played xenogears it 's a lot better . unfourtionitly i played xenogears first and it 's just not up to fei and elly 's standards . First of all it 's extremely short , also it 's characters are sub-par , and 1 huge problem is it 's missing something very important ... a love story . Sure there is the creepy relationship between Jr and Momo , but that 's just not good enough . If you already played Xenogears please dont compare them that totally will ruin it . fei is would be spinning his grave -LRB- if he was dead . . hehe -RRB- .
 Ok ... a cutscene here and there , ok ... a cutscene every freakin time you move , that goes on for 45 minutes is NOT fun . My save game is clocked at 19 hours , and I 'm sure I only played about 3 or 4 of those hours . And when I was playing all I was doing was running around !!!!!!!! How in god 's name did you all give this game a 5 ?? You want a good game that 's similart to this , Get shadow hearts -LRB- preferably 2 -RRB- it 's a THOUSAND times better . After playing that , you 'll wonder how the hell you EVER gave this 5 stars , therefore convincing me to buy this AWFUL game.I had more fun playing the Xenocard game than I did with the rest of it . And even that I got bored with .
 Xenosaga is not a true RPG , nor is pretty much any console game out there . Saga to me , however , does n't really even qualify as a game , considering you do roughly half as much watching as you do playing , which is extrememly ridiculous . Believe me , I have patience , but when it comes to watching dozens of 30-45 minute cutscenes , you can count me out.If Xenosaga is to get credit , it is for it 's plotline . While it is interesting and thought provoking , it also does n't bother to explain ANYTHING . Yes , this is Episode 1 of a 6 part series , but who cares ; this is a game , it has a 50 dollar price tag , and I damn sure do n't want to pay that much for a game that pretty much rips you off.On one hand , the cutscenes are well made , almost on the lines of MGS2 . On the other hand , the first half of the game features mostly extrememly tedious and boring cutscenes . It is only in the next half of the game where things get interesting , but a lot of people will stop forcing themselves to play by then . Yes I said ` forcing ' , because the gameplay is utterly BORINGG.If theres one word that I would use to describe Saga 's gameplay , its LINEARITY . Stick with me here
 I was an avid Xenogears player , and I immediately bought Xenosaga when it came available . Unfortunately , however , it seems that the series has fallen prey to the increasingly-prominent trend in more recent RPGs to substitute gameplay with longwinded cutscenes with extensive exposition of the characters . Admittedly , Xenogears was a bit preachy at times , but it outweighed any negatives with excellent gameplay , involved characters , an innovative plotline , and arguably one of the most intellectually satisfying endings in video-game history . Xenosaga , on the other hand , will spend 45 minutes -LRB- not an exaggeration -RRB- at a time devoted to scenes of boardrooms of evil corporations and pointless love dynamics while limiting the actual gameplay to what the player can scrounge from whatever subgames and easter eggs they are able to discover -LRB- a lazy fighting subgame , a card-trading game a la FFVIII , and an endless string of `` emails '' mainly composed of product plugs for other Namco games peppered with just enough relevant stuff to keep the player checking them -RRB- . In a nutshell , I have written this entire review while `` playing '' Xenosaga . And if you are into 80-hour CGI movies where you push a button from time to time , this is the game for you.And for what it 's worth , let 's just say that the characters have lost several points on the awesome/annoying scale .
 i pray you take my word for it but if you dont you can be my guest to spend 20-some odd dollars for a dvd with a terrible story becuase it sure as hell aint a game
 I hate this game . Waste of money . I ca n't believe NAMCO would put out such a horrible game . Probably the worst RPG ever !!! What is up with the ... robots in the battle out of no where ? And the bunny ? Stupid . The plot line was horrible , and the game took way to long . I felt like killing myself . The characters reminded me of drugged-up hippies . Done . Remember kids , play poke the bunny
 I bought this game due to how much hype was behind it 's origin , Xenogears , and due to the advertised hours of gameplay and great story . I was extremely wrong.The game has terrible play with a very dull , very long story . It takes around 10 hours just to get INTO the game , and to be able to actually DO anything . Some may say just to buy it to see a great `` movie-game '' , but it would not even qualify for that . The `` cutescenes '' are non-cinematic and are much too long to keep your interest.The only thing GOOD I would say about the game is the fact that it keeps stupid gamers busy playing it while the more sophisticated , real gamers are talking about -LRB- and playing -RRB- the REAL games .
 I heard that this game was good so I rented it at Blockbuster . When I put the disk in it froze when I hit `` New Game '' on the menu . I tried to do this may times and shut off my PS2 twice , but it still froze . I went back to get another copy , this one was only a little bit better because it would freeze as soon as the first cut scene started . It kept doing this as soon as the music started , so I returned t and got my money back .
 Fair warning , this game series is atheistic . If you are a religious person leave the games page and go find something else.Supposedly the game is based of the philosophies of Fiedrich Nietzsche , due to the fact the titles through out the series -LRB- Example
 it 's just a bad ripoff of the final fantasy series . i do n't know if it 's just me , but i just ca n't get into this game . maybe it 's the storyline that iv ' e seen in just about every futuristic japanese anime series or maybe it 's the fact that you have to play a valley-girl who ca n't seem to realize that every man in the game is hitting on her and that just makes me feel stupid because i want to slap her so hard in the face and i ca n't do anything about it .
 I just started playing this game , so I ca n't write a great review on it . What I can tell you is that there is a good reason why just starting might end up being the only thing I do in this game.First off the game has some faults to begin with , the graphics are a bit dull if you ask me . The characters are kind of on the blockish side , they walk around as if they have spoons up their behinds . This might pass on the PSX but it 's not acceptable on a console like the PS2 . The characters and visuals seem pretty stale when compared to the sheer romantic artistry and beauty that goes beyond explanation of Final Fantasy X , but of course what does n't . That 's why Final Fantasy is Final Fantasy and Xenosaga is ... well Xenosaga.The Xenosaga plot seems pretty interesting so far , but again this is an RPG and interesting might not be enough . When I first started Final Fantasy X , I will admit I was n't too trilled but then something happened . I ca n't pin point the exact moment but it was pretty early in the game when it just grabbed me and never let go . Ca n't say the same for FFX-2 however . Moving on , I have a feeling Xenosaga has a super great plot , but unfortunately I may not get to experience it because the gameplay has one huge flaw that I do n't think I can handle.I was interested in Xenosage because it was supposed to be an epic RPG . I play RPG 's for the involvement in an epic storyline , I do n't play RPG 's for gameplay . I feel sorry for anyone who plays RPG 's for the menu selections , if you want gameplay there are better genres out there . I always scratch my head when people complain about too many cutscenes in an RPG or that the game does n't have enough exploration . If you want gameplay and exploration go play something else . That 's the problem with Xenosaga , it 's not just an RPG it 's also an adventure platformer and not a very good one at that . The platformer part of Xenosaga is suppose to be the second hand focus of the game and the quality of it shows that , but there seems to be too much of it . There are too many enemies to be avoided by actually using your skill with the controller . There are too many keys to find , too many doors to unlock , and all sorts of rooms that will get you lost . It 's not like it 's there just incase you want to look around . Nope , you find out you need to go somewhere but the map does n't show you where , you have to search for it yourself . This is just not what I look for in an RPG . If this does n't change in Xenosaga soon , I 'm afraid I 'll have to can it .
 A pretentious space opera gallop through Jungian philosophy and Nietzschean platitudes . The battle system is complicated but yields surprisingly depth if the player sticks with it long enough - unfortunately , the game 's heavy-handed narrative techniques and obnoxious abuse of symbolism will cause massive eye-rolling in all but the most under-educated fanboy .
 Dumb game . Graphics are good , but it takes way to long to reel in fish and it takes to long for fish to bite . Players swear after losing a fish and the hook snaps off really fast . Pretty dumb game . I would n't get this game if you hate waiting a lot .
 Terrible graphics . Weak framerate . Buggy . Boring gameplay . All adds up to do not purchase .
 I ordered a product from GameDiva and recieved the wrong product . They refuse to reply to my return requests , and I 'm stcuk with the merchandise . Amazon wo n't help either , claiming they have no control over their 3rd part merchants . No more purchase through Amazon for me ...
 A few run throughs with this game and I thought it was good.After playing numerous games though , I have to disagree with my initial response.After playing MVP with my friends , I have to agree that the graphics in High Heat are terribly generic . But , I can get by on lousy graphics if the gameplay was good.These are my frustrations on . . Pitching : - you can somewhat control where the ball goes , but really all you do is angle a pitch and select ball or strike . Then it 's up to the AI to either opt for good control or not.Fielding : - it takes too long for a fielder to field the ball then crank up the throw . This makes it almost impossible to turn a double-play . - It is IMPOSSIBLE to field a ball with the first baseman and have enough time to get back to the base to tag out the runner . To complicate things , the pitchers and second basemen take forever to get to the base so by the time they get there , the other team has a cheap infield single . - when the ball gets to the outfield sometimes the camera gets stuck where the ball is and you do n't know where your player is so you might be taking the wrong angle to field the ball.BASERUNNING : - i think baserunning on any baseball sim is complicated enough , but on HIGH HEAT it 's even worse . MVP has better base running . On MVP you can view the lead-offs . Other stuff : - If you have more than one team picked as Human control , it 's complicated switching through the teams one the schedule . You ca n't just pick the team you want to play with and play their scheduled game - you have to adjust the team control . BIG WASTE OF TIME . - because it came out so early , some of the roster changes had not been adjusted yet -LRB- but that goes for a lot of baseball games -RRB- - The trading function is complicated too . Trading is easy but having to reset which team you 're trading with is a nuisance . There 's also numerous lists you have to run down -LRB- and i 'm not talking about the different leagues -RRB- to trade . It 's just monotonous and not fun . - I AGREE about the terrible AI on the commentary . - THERE ARE A LOT OF BUGS . I 've struck out numerous times only having one strike prior.OVERALL , it 's just a boring game . I have n't played the other mini-games yet , but I 'm not into them on any sports game.I DO LIKE the batting in the game where you try to hit the location of the pitch with proper timing . I do n't like the style of MVP where you target the area of the field you want to hit .
 The game is full of problems . . players walk through players , choppy gameplay , repetitive announcers , and boring gameplay . Another problem is when your the batter , you have no control of your batter . All you can do is swing and bunt and you have no control over where your bat is or the position of your stance . Please rent this game before buying .
 I was confident that the bad reviews were not truth . But believe it , they are ... the cable does n't work good , in fact , for me it 's better to remain with the original AV cable .
 This HDMI cable does not work - it leaves lines across the TV and makes a humming noise - I am using the regular old cord for my HD TV .
 It did n't work . Cross checked it against a genuine cable . I guess its a shot in the dark since some people had it work , but mine did n't . So i do n't care to be friendly about it .
 Cable made the wii picture darken slightly and ever so often there are thin lines of static -LRB- hardly noticeable -RRB- that will go across the screen . My children do n't have any issues with it , but they are 6 & 7 . Not a quality product .
 This cable worked for about 3 days . Now the resolution is green . Move the cable around or jimmy it a bit , and the green goes away . Then it comes back . It 's just a cheap piece of junk . I wish I could give it negative stars , that 's really what it deserves .
 The cable arrived quickly . Unfortunately despite having made all the correct setting adjustments on the WII for my HDTV the picture is full of lines , my WII is mostly colorblinded and the audio is squeaky/scratchy . I will have to buy the $ 35 WII to get the proper quality . It looked too good to be true .
 I used to have the official nintendo cable but lost it , so i decided not to spend another 35 for it and go cheap . First of all i must say i applaud the seller got this to me fast , thats about the only good thing . The cable feels sturdy but the shielding is terrible . It works fine on 480i setting of course , but once u go to 480p and anything other that the wii is hooked up to tv it will start to show horizontal lines of noise . I tried it on several tvs and same issue , and just imagine what u get when u hook it up to your receiver and u have 6 other things running through it -LRB- yes i tried terrible -RRB- . So i threw this cable away and gave in letting nintendo win with their outrageously overpriced cable -LRB- that works -RRB- , i didnt want to hassle with no name cables again more chance of getting a defective product .
 This cable is HORRIBLE , I used it on my brand new 40 '' Sony Bravia LCD HDTV and the color was horrible , the clarity was very poor , and the sound was disgraceful . I 'm definitely returning this cable .
 Well it just never worked right . The cord has a short in it and I could get it to work on if I held it at a sharp angle . picture was clearer -LRB- sharper -RRB- ... But it would cost more to return it than to just take the loss . Sad to see it not work . I guess you get what you pay for . And exchange was not an option .
 I bought this hoping to get slightly better picture quality out of the upscaler in my receiver -LRB- 480p instead of 480i from the composite cable that ships with the Wii -RRB- . Unfortunately the cable added a grid of snow to the picture.I sent it back .
 The picture on my TV from my Wii cuts out to black for about a second or so every ten-twenty minutes while using this cable . I do n't have a problem with the input on the TV from any other device , only when I use my Wii and this component cable . Best of luck to everyone wanting to save some money . It might be as low as a 2 % failure rate given the reviews , but its just some worthless junk to me when it does n't do its job right . I 've died too many times in my platforming games already because the screen blacks out during jumps . I recommend another brand of cable over this junk .
 What a waste of money ! First , when I plug in the multitap , the start buttons do n't work on any of my controllers , rendering most games unplayable . I do n't know if the other buttons work , because the in the game I 'm testing on , you have to press start before you get to any menus . The video out on the AV selector part does n't work either ! I hear sounds , but it misses the point of `` video '' games . I am very good at hooking up wires and following directions , and there is really very little room for error , so I do n't think it is an `` installation ' problem . The `` manual '' -LRB- a 6 `` x6 '' slip of paper -RRB- is not very clear and the buttons do n't do what they say they should on the remote . If I continue testing it and find I am wrong , I will update this review , but for now , be warned ! This thing bites !
 I tried two different ones and could not get either one to work at all with teh new PS2 slim . Could n't even get a light on. ; Maybe the PS2 slim does n't prove enough power to it . I wish it did work becuase I bought it on clearance for $ 9.00 at Toys R US .
 After a lot of time thinking this thing is great I finally got all my controllers so that we could all play a game and it would n't work with more than one controller ! We had to buy a new one !
 I purchased this multitap to play Rayman Raving Rabbids with my kids . It would only recognize one controller . I also tried it with Justice League Heroes , with the same results again.Don ' t waste your time and money buying this because it looks cool or is cheaper than others , it 's not worth the aggravation .
 I bought this thinking it would work with our new Playstation 2 -LRB- slim model -RRB- but only two of the slots worked and of course , it was after Christmas by the time we checked it out and the box and slip were accidentally thrown out so I 'm out my money since it wo n't work with more than two slots . I wish there had been something on the label stating it would n't work with this particular playstation 2 game -LRB- if there was , we did n't see it -RRB- . There were no instructions either .
 I found this item not to work properly on my slim ps2 . I find it was a total waste of my money !
 This game was a bit of a dissapointment I much prefer the playstation version . The game is sort of fun but slightly repettitive and the in game instructions are a waste of time they do n't quite explain how to do surtain things well enough.I had some difficulty at first trying to figure out some of the end goals for surtain levels in this game as well . I rate it 2 stars .
 OK , Laura looks pretty good . The graphics are not half bad . The save system divides the game up into a series of short mini-levels that are saved automatically as you complete . This is good . There are also some cool things you can do , including using your grappling hook thingy to open windows , swing , pull yourself forward on a raft , etc.Why should you avoid this game ? It 's the controls . I do n't know if it 's just me , but I could n't take the jump button . I 'd press it and a half to a full second later , Laura would jump ... if she felt like it . And whether this was a glitch or not I do n't know , but often when I should have fallen to my death from a failed jump , it ended up with Laura making a sort of half jump thing with her leg down as she hit the ground , surviving the fall . Odd.Another problem is that Laura can not even crouch . She has to stand to fight all the enemies . To get in tight areas , she sort of rolls into a ball and goes through , sort of like in a Metroid game . WTF ? Hit detection is also tragically bad . In some places you 're supposed to slide down ropes , but getting to just the right place so she 'll grab on can be trying.This is the first and only cartridge I 've been mad enough at to destroy . It was ever so satisfying to stomp it into the pavement after 20 minutes of trying to make the same stupid jump and falling every time . Not fun .
 The game was pretty interesting at first although I would have preferred a modern day theme . I was expecting a strictly sniping game but quickly found out that there were levels in which the game resembled a scene out of true crime in which the object became just to shoot your way through a town involving little to ni sniping . Also hiding and blending into the terrain is a bit unrealistic with the provided 1998 style graphics . Overall , I would save my money .
 Im 41 and have great memories of playing arcade games in actual arcades during my youth . This PSP package includes several of those games -- and my memories are much rosier than the actual games . I dont know if it is the PSP platform -LRB- and the terrible joystick `` nub '' -RRB- or the games themselves but I got about 30 minutes of distraction from this game before putting it aside forever . Worst ROI from a game yet . If you are looking for a PSP game , spend your money on Patapon2 or PuzzleQuest .
 Was disappointed that game had only 3 retro games I really liked ; Pac-man , Ms. Pac-man and Galaxian.Namco could have put more interesting games on the Collection
 this is an awesome game , however , this version , unbeknownst to me at the time of purchase , is for Mac 's old operating system Snow Leapord and so it wo n't work on my new one , mountain lion . Wish they would have told me that before I boutght it .
 I have Snow Leopard , I can not get this game to work period . I 've been on the forums & re-written files as recommend , & downloaded stuff without success .
 This was , sadly , never released in America . I know there 's not a huge market for shoot em ups , but this game was definitely cheap to make , and they could have sold it online-only or something , in order to make it cheap to distribute . Hopefully , it will come out eventually , for some system , but I would n't hold my breath since it 's been 2 years since it was supposed to come out .
 I 've been waiting for MONTHS and now they say it 's cancelled ? I wanted this game and now I 'm not getting it ... I can not find enough outlet to vent my fury ...
 Really , am I the only one who felt that the game had severe storyline issues on top of the terrible mechanics ? The plot itself was bizarre and incoherant , and the additional characters they added to make it run were completely flat and uninteresting , even by video game standards . One in particular -- whose name I shall not name out of respect for spoilers -- was enough in one package to flush out any interest I might have had for the story . As a fan of Fullmetal Alchemist , I hated this game . As a fan of fighting and roleplaying games , I hated this game . As an excuse to waste a few days laughing at the dialogue and the general WTFness of some of the scenes , I admit that it had its moments ... but not enough to justify buying it .
 First of all , I absolutely loved Lord of the Rings Battle for Middle Earth I . It is hands down the best game I have ever played . A year after I bought it , I still play it ever so often . So when Middle Earth II came out , I was the first in line to buy it.The developers at EA did a great job making up for all the deficiencies in the first game . Like being able to build everywhere , and a larger number of forces to command . The graphics are also beautiful with many more structures to build and much more elaborate models.So I was in heaven playing this game . Or I should say I was in heaven until I got to map 8 -LRB- of the good campaign -RRB- . At the end of level 8 suddenly the cut screen comes up showing mordor exploding and a big celebration of the victors . So I 'm just sitting there , kind of waiting for the next level and disbelieving what I just saw . This is the end ? I 've only been playing this thing for about 4 hours and this is the end ? I 've paid $ 60 -LRB- the most I 've ever paid for a game -RRB- and this is the end?Needless to say , my emotions quickly went from heaven to hell . The first game had around 50 levels and took weeks to complete . And this thing , which is reportedly 30 % larger in disc size , has only 8 levels ??? I should probably note that they also throw in this strategy war of the ring game , that involves nothing more than looking at the world map and taking turns with the computer in trying to outwit each other . But it 's a total waste and so boring it 's not worth the time of even trying to learn.They will probably be those who say this makes a great multi-player game . Which is true , but I for one like , and expected , a great single player game.I felt so ripped off after playing this incredibly short game that I was tempted to give it zero stars , but gave it two just for the sake of the multi-player possiblities . However , if you 're not in to multi-player , pass this one by as it IS NOT worth the $ 60 price tag . Later ...
 Why it stinks ? 1
 I love the Nancy Drew game series for its ability to creep me out and make me scared to sleep in my room alone . However I found this particular game lacking . The mystery was n't as interesting and was more ` find object 1 to unlock object 2 ' than the usual sleuthing and sneaking that you do in this series . I did n't feel the adrenaline rush that I did with the other games . I would recommend this game if this is you 're first Nancy Drew game . Otherwise I would skip it .
 I DO N'T WANT TO READ OR LISTEN TO A STORY , THAT IS BORING . THEN THE MENU BUTTON WO N'T WORK , SO THE ONLY TO ESCAPE THE GAME IS TO HIT THE COMPUTERS ESCAPE BUTTON
 I 'm delighted that some reviewers have managed to get this game to work , because my copy wo n't load at all . Unfortunately this appears to be a common experience with Nancy Drew games - I 've had to use workarounds to install most of those we 've bought . Have now wasted three hours on trying to load this game - it gets sent back for a refund tomorrow .
 Looks good but ... unfortunately this game arrived from Interactive and was not playable at all . Very disappointed as it was a Christmas present . All the other Nancy Drew games play just fine ... so this one must be a dud . Hope they chuck it away after we return it so no one else gets it.We 'll buy another ... but NOT from this company .
 This review is in reference to `` Nancy Drew
 Did n't like it . And the kicker is , that it wo n't uninstall ! ARG ! Have to reformat the whole harddrive ! Avoid !
 Deleted it after attempting to play it a couple of times . Graphic 's were fine but it was n't an interesting challenge
 This game took hours to download . Installation was very slow too . Whenever you are in part of this game where there is dialogue -LRB- which is almost constant -RRB- , you can not access the menu or exit by any way . You are just stuck listening to lame conversations which you are forced to take part in . Played this for about 30 minutes and found very little to actually do but navigate around the train . This was our first and last Nancy Drew . BORING !
 The graphics are great . But we had to go online and find the game guide . But even using the game guide and watching the youtube video on this puzzle , the doll puzzle will not let us proceed . Our doll line up matches the youtube but it does not progress any further to let us open the drawer we need to proceed . Starting to be not so great a Christmas present for my granddaughter . If anyoneelse has run into this problem , we could use some guidance . At this time , I would not suggest this as a fun game to do together due to frustration ...
 Sorry but this game is not worth buying . It is too simple and resembles a Commodore 64 pc game . It may play well on really old systems for young kids .
 For those who loves all the previous Commandos games , this one is a terrible let down . It does n't have the look and feel of what made Commandos famous and it tried to imitate all the other 1st person shooter and yet failed miserably to do so . There is no distinguishing feature for this latest installment of Commandos that made it shine . I just wanted to get it to complete my Commandos collection , and that would be it . Not something I would pull back down from the shelf and play again .
 Carmageddon 64 is a game everyone loves to hate . In fact , they hate it so much they deem it unplayable . After all , it is from Titus , the developers of the oh-so-wonderful Superman 64 . Well I decided to look past the hate , and tried to appreciate the game for what it really was . And although it did n't turn out good , it still tried to be good and I can see and appreciate that . Allow me to explain.It 's a racing game , but its also about the end of the world . So of course , there is going to be some extra entertainment besides just crossing the finish line . Zombies have taken over the world , and its your job to splatter them in your car !!! This is by far the most enjoyable part of the game . You see a group of zombies running across the street and then you run them over and make them explode into a puddle of green blood ! That 's the main thing that makes this game worth it.When racing , you have to make sure you pay attention to the checkpoints . They are either on the left or the right side of the screen . If you drive past one , but do n't go directly under it , it wo n't count and you will have to backtrack , giving the other racers time to get in front of you . You have to pay close attention and then get on that side of the road to make sure you hit the checkpoint.You also have to be very careful . If you run into too many things , your car will catch fire and blow up , ending your race . Also , you can easily fall into the water , or drive over some cleverly placed bombs . Just take it a little slower and do n't do that . You must pay attention to where you are going , which brings up a negative side of this game . The visuals are quite blurry and go by fast , so its hard to see where you are going . You have to really pay attention , but it just gets really hard sometimes.Even after taking it slow , making sure to avoid the bomb , the water , and also getting under all the right checkpoints -LRB- It took a few tries -RRB- , I still managed to come in first place and win the gold trophy . I was very proud of that.There is n't much music going on in the game , and the sound effects are bland at best . Its cool to hear the zombie 's go splat , but there is n't much ear candy at all . Which is n't that big of a deal , because you will be too focused on the race to worry about the sounds you hear . You really have to concentrate in this game in order to succeed at it . You ca n't just zip through it . Carmageddon 64 requires patience , and if you give it what it deserves , then you can actually come out and have a decent time.It can be purchased for around $ 6 , at that price I suggest you go and pick it up . It 's a worthy addition to your collection , just because of how zany it is . If ever there was a reason to own this game , it 's the zombies . Do it for the zombies .
 I love this series . I have all the other games . However , Carmageddon 64 is the dumpest game I 've ever played on the N64 . The graphics are poor looking . The sounds are non-existing . There 's also a horrible frame-rate problem . Most video game review websites gave this game a 2 out of 10 , and that 's being generous . As a fan , I highly recommend Carmageddon 2 instead of this . You 'll kick yourself for buying this game and wasting valuable seconds playing it .
 Ca n't really say much to about this game . I ordered the CD and it was blank . A replacement was sent and it was blank as well . All in all a waste of time and energy .
 It seems that Feral has put some mismatched CDs on the market such that the game wo n't install . I ordered this game from Amazon for an XMas present for my daughter . During the installation process , you have to change disks , but the second CD is n't recognized and is ejected . Searching help sites , this is evidently a known issue and you have to get replacement disks from Feral . If I asked Amazon to exchange the disks -LRB- which I 'm sure they 'd do -RRB- , I do n't know that I would n't get another set of bad disks .
 Black and White seems like it would be a great time . Choose your own creature from a wide variety of options , and then raise it to reflect either a just and good side or an evil one . The way that these mechanics function however , is anything but great . The creatures operate within extremely limited A.I. making interacting with them about as interesting as a Furby . Additionally , the entire game is centered around how you interact with your villagers . Being evil , this is fun for about 15 minutes , as you can throw them around and drop things on them , etc. . Being good however , is an amazing hassle , as you find yourself CONSTANTLY responding to your villager 's every problem . Importantly , there is NEVER a time when they are content
 I had the same problem installing B&W to my powerrbook ... upon the request to insert the `` Data disc '' , the darn thing just spit right back out of the drive . Very frustrating and the support websites listed in the manual do n't help out either .
 I BOUGHT THE GAME OPENED IT UP AND INSTALLED IT ON MY MACBOOK . I HAVE ALL OF THE RECOMENDED REQUIRMENTS MET AT WORST AND DOUBLED AT BEST . BUT SINCE THE GAME HAS GLITCHES AND THEIR IS NO PATCH AVALABLE IT WONT LET ME PLAY THE GAME . AND SINCE THE PACKAGE WAS ALREADY OPENED I CAN NOT RETURN IT . WHEN I CALLED FOR SUPPORT I WAS TOLD ABOUT THE PROBLEM THEY COULD NOT FIX . AND THE KICKER IS I SEARCHED AND SEARCHED AND NO OTHER GAME CREATES AN ENTIRELY UNIQUE CONCEPT OF PLAYING GOD MAKING CREATURES AND DETERMINING ULTIMATE THE FATE OF A WORLD . I JUST WANT TO PLAY .
 Its a neat concept but the execution is boring . You only meet people in towns , the rest of the time youre on your own -LRB- or with a partner or two -RRB- . You have to stroll through towns which are enhanced chat rooms where noobs cry for help and embark on boring missions . Get World of Warcraft instead . Its worth the money cuz its actually fun to play and where you can actually interact with more people .
 GUILD WARS is a Multiplayer Online Roleplaying Game , not the promised MASSIVLY Multiplayer Online Game . The only thing Massive about this game are the Towns , which act like giant 3D lobbies . In these towns is where you meet up with about 100 characters if your lucky . After you leave town there is no one . All areas outside of town is a giant Instance . This means that when you leave you and only you are in that area , not anyone else -LRB- unless you grouped together with up to 8 people in the town -RRB- . This makes the game extreamly dull and lifeless.Now the gameplay . I found that the skill system was horrible , because of the fact that you have 100 's of skills but you can ony use 8 of them at any given time , and you cant change which 8 you want to use unless you go back into town and change them . What is the point ! They say it is an innovation and adds a level of skill to the gameplay . I say that the game developers were just being lazy.Now a game that is coming from some ex-Blizzard employees that worked on Diablo II i was suprised at how extreamly lame the Weopons and Armor system was in this game . Instead of finding super rare items and pimpin out your gear like most wan na do -LRB- especially when you reach that ridiculous level cap , which is only 20 -RRB- you have to find materials so AI crafters can make armor out of the materials you bring in . Now this is also featured in World of Warcraft -LRB- WoW -RRB- , but unlike Guild Wars -LRB- GW -RRB- the super elite enemies actually drop armor !!! Instread of some totally rad bear fur -LRB- sense the sarcasim -RRB- . The level 20 level cap is just plain wrong ! For people who spend 100 's of hours of their life involved in a MMORPG theyd sure like to stand out a little more than the guy that has played for about 3 hours total and has the same level -LRB- level 20 -RRB- . Now this game is supposed to be focused around PVP -LRB- player vs. player -RRB- . Well this isnt much fun either considering that there is absoltly no team cooperation between players . Maybe they should provide a headset and voice support or something instead of trying to make them type out strategy while they fight . `` NER NER NER hey im attacking this guy and i need some help . NER NER NER , hey guy over there hel ... '' , To late he 's already dead , he couldnt type fast enough while he was getting he butt whooped . This PVP fails horribly.Thier is also a feature that allows you to draw on the minimap to cordinate attacks and such . This feature is useless since most people draw obsene things such as penises instead of cordinating attacks.WoW is a more in depth game allowing you to create groups on the run , take up a race , a class , and 2 professions and secondery professions . Since Guild Wars doesnt have this that means that I have a Character that is a HUMAN WARRIOR that has 2 professions of MINING -LRB- mine for raw materials needed to make stuff -RRB- and BLACKSMITHING -LRB- able to create armor and weopons from raw materials -RRB- and has a secondary profession which is fishing -LRB- catch fish to eat them -RRB- . Guild Wars offers a RACE and a CLASS.GW has no monthly pay because it really isnt a MMORPG so to say . It offers nothing more than Diablo II did but the difference is that Diablo II is way more fun and easier to pick up and play , and still has no monthly fee . Now WoW has that monthly fee of about 15 dollars a month . If I save up 50 cents every day for the month ill have my monthly payment . A candy bar is more than 50 cents . If you really wanted you could BUM 50 cents from someone thats how cheap it is.GW offers little for your money and after you get to that level 20 cap and keep doing repetitive quests over and over again you 'll be left at the end of the day feeling cheated and wondering `` why is this worth 50 dollars '' ?
 At first , it 's fun finding ways to get to that light switch and light up a room and yadda yadda , yadda . Sure , when it 's fun , creative puzzles that take a few moments . However , after a while it just ranks up there with doing your math homework and eating your broccoli . A heinous chore . Some of the puzzles in Haunted Mansion were just frusterating , and not in the fun way . More like a half hour ordeal when your not fighting any monsters , just figuring out which way to point some frigging mirrors.In the end , if you have a Game Cube or have a friend who does , rent Luigis Mansion . Same principal , but a lot more fun . The ghosts are tougher to catch , but you do n't have to deal with those ridiculous little puzzles . Otherwise , leave the Ghost Busting to Bill Murray and Dan Akroyd .
 i dont no one thing about this game but it sound good and the name make me one to may be by it i dont play xo much but i no game i hvae a xob a game culb and a ps2 and if i puy this game i think you need to to hop you like what i have told you by by the way i have been playing game for 22 years now
 Bought this game for my son 's Birthday and he was bored . Very Difficult and we had to go online to see how to find clues to play . Only works on the old xbox not xbox 360 . I am sure it is fun for teens , but my son lost interest within 30 min .
 Missed the mark on this one . The game is pretty straight forward and frankly a bit boring . Your goal is to catch ghosts and that 's about it . The character is limited to jumping , shooting , and sucking up ghosts . The character movement is rather rigid . The graphic are ok . There are some nice touches like the ghosts that appear but other than that the graphics are average at best . The camera might drive you nuts -LRB- did me -RRB- as it spins everything around you instead of smoothing looking ahead of you . All in all it 's really a rather boring game and so is the character . If you want to play a great family game get Wallace & Gromit Project Zoo .
 Three words
 though the graphics are stellar and place you in a 3d enviroment this game falls short on every other aspect even for fans of the series . after writing various companies asking them to develop a ozzy and drix game for the gba i did n't expect it to be quite like this . ozzy and drix does n't boast a variety of moves only jump and shoot atcually . the game also combines driving , side scrolling action and a first person shooter mode but none of these are executed well and does n't help the game 's run and jump boring gameplay . the controls are also slightly slugglish and the 3d perspective can make it very hard to shoot enemies and even jump . Ozzy & Drix is an example of putting too many eggs in one basket . The 3D visuals are great , but every other aspect of the game comes up short . The level designs are boring ; the controls are terrible ; you can beat it in an hour and there is no replay value . the game had so much potential and its ashame to see it wasted . the final verdict
 though the graphics are stellar and place you in a 3d enviroment this game falls short on every other aspect even for fans of the series . after writing various companies asking them to develop a ozzy and drix game for the gba i did n't expect it to be quite like this . ozzy and drix does n't boast a variety of moves only jump and shoot atcually . the game also combines driving , side scrolling action and a first person shooter mode but none of these are executed well and does n't help the game 's run and jump boring gameplay . the controls are also slightly slugglish and the 3d perspective can make it very hard to shoot enemies and even jump . Ozzy & Drix is an example of putting too many eggs in one basket . The 3D visuals are great , but every other aspect of the game comes up short . The level designs are boring ; the controls are terrible ; you can beat it in an hour and there is no replay value . the final verdict
 I received this and put it on both my lap top and PC . Both have crashed and I was having severe issues with my computer freezing up . Do not buy this there is something corrupt about it . I removed it from both computers and they are back to normal.Nancy
 I bought this for me and my daughter to play . BORING . We took it out once and tried it and have n't touched it since . I am a big Zoo Tycoon 1 & 2 fan and I though I would try other like games . WRONG . I did n't spend but -LSB- ... -RSB- on this game and boy am I glad . Maybe you might like it however all I did was compare it to Zoo Tycoon adn it came up short .
 This game is not a full fledged game like Virtua Tennis . It is fun to play with others , that 's about it . There is no shelf life for this game . Gets repetitive and boring very fast . They should have thought about modes , mini-games and other stuff . Rent or borrow and play it for couple of days . Buying it is not worth it .
 i was intrigued when i heard rockstar was doing a game that wasnt somewhere along the lines of gta so i picked this up ... i have to say , im pretty unimpressed with it . dont get me wrong , the graphics are really very well done . the character rendering and movement is all above the bar . but darn if there is just very little to actually play on this game . you have your exhibition mode , and an easy , normal , and hard tournament . and the only unlockables are a couple of tables and uniforms . i was hoping for at least some career mode , something that would engage me and make me work toward something a bit longer than one tournament . too bad .
 Rockstar Table Tennis is a glaring example of how industry adoration can inflate ratings of otherwise poor games . It is no secret that Rockstar is beloved by many for giving us the GTA series amongst others but it is a puzzle as to why this game had universal praise since it was released.Just to be clear , Rockstar San Diego developed this title using the RAGE engine which coincidentally powers GTA IV now . It was obviously a test for the developer and the engine . Fine . I would not rate a title poorly simply for this notion alone . It may be simple and far less value than a GTA title for instance but it still has the right to play well and offer a unique experience.This was possible with Table Tennis , but unfortunately the game suffers from impossible AI and shoddy mechanics.The single player Tournament mode is where the most obvious of these flaws presents itself . Imagine practicing the 4 various spins in the game along with the timing of shots , placements and almost uselss `` focus shots '' only to be faced with computer opponents who will volley the impossible . Whats the point you ask ? Why does your character miss the ball when you 've timed it right and the shot is not a reach ? You can time a shot perfectly but for some reason your character will straight up miss the ball . If this was some kind of realistic odds manipulator placed in the game 's code I would beleive it . Much of the games mechanics rely on your reactions but if your character 's animations fail to reflect your reactions , then you 're screwed.Another bad mark on this games charts is the fact that the computer 's AI -LRB- especially Jesper -RRB- can near impossible even on a Medium setting . This AI will decide when it wants to that it can reach any shot , score any ace and defend against the best shots you can send its way.Characters are dull and quiet and there is no motivation to unlock any sort of jersey because they all look pretty bland . Yes the characters are unbalanced -LRB- Jesper -RRB- and you will always get beat by the stronger character.Multiplayer isnt so plagued with the tyrannical AI but thats ok because the game trades that flaw in for a new one . LAG . lag is great in table tennis . Especially when you see a ball come back at you that nobody hit . nough said?Finally the AI rubberbanding in this title is unforgiving . This is painfully obvious when you trounce the computer 10-1 only to be beat 11-0 the next time . If you can beat someone 10-1 why wouldnt you be able to score at least 1 or 2 points in the following match ? Because the computer has increased it 's own abilities mid tournament.It is not that I want to rate this game as a bad game from start to finish . Its a slap in the face because it really should have been better . It was a arrogant and sloppy job on Rockstar San Diego 's behalf and I warn whoever tries to buy this title . Do n't .
 This game is not like the Imperialism games . It is like Risk played with Stratego pieces and Monopoly buildings . The combat consists of a computer generated dice roll . It is a turn based game , but it was repetive . I found it very disappointing , perhaps it is for pre-teens .
 This is an amateurish hack of a game . The bugs are numerous , the support ` fixes ' are arcane , and the overall effect left me unimpressed . I 've played Freeware games designed with far more finesse.This is a poorly designed product , and I can not begin to list the many levels of sloppy programming that must have taken place.The support , while detailed , required too many steps to warrant my time . Perhaps a few hours with a PS2 game will erase the taste this game left in my mouth .
 Its fun for about 5 minutesyou press the ball release button then you have no control on the ball at allSo you just watch the ball bounce downI would n't recommend it to friends
 This is adiscrace to Indiana Jones . One of the problems is if you hit someone with a chair they die in one hit yet it takes 8-10 hits to kill someone with a machete . and to add insult to injury it takes 2-4 shot to kill someone with a gun even if you shoot them in the head . LucasArts need to get their prioratys straight , a gun and a machete are more lethal than a chair .
 I would have given this game a high review over its first half.However , this `` game '' quickly goes from fun to work . As others have said , the controls are mediocre , and the character is stupid ... the puzzles are trivial ... so the `` game '' quickly becomes a chore of boring/painful levels where death is constant due to Indy 's desire to take swan dive off of high places.The designers were simply not up to the task . They do n't understand the difference between making a game more challenging versus simply more difficult . Combined with its horrible visuals on the PS/2 , and it simply becomes a painful chore to complete.All I can say is that I completed it , and that day took it and sold it and wish I had never started playing it ... a shame because until it became a ridiculous exercise in arcade jumps and way over the top super natural ridiculousness , it was pretty enjoyable .
 Many have already written on this game , so I 'll try to avoid repeating what they 've said , but ultimately , this game starts out strong and entertaining enough , but settles into a middle-ground groove that 's neither bad , nor great , but not all too awe-inspiring as the game goes on.The voice actor for Indiana Jones is passable , but not too convincing -- you can tell it 's not Harrison Ford.And unsurprisingly , it dusts off the long-lived stereotype of the dragon lady and at the end , Indiana gets the Asian -LRB- i.e. Chinese -RRB- girl , even though there 's no plausible reason for her to have any sort of feelings for him -- she 's little more than a toy doll for him to have his way with.The ending is dull -- both the final boss battle and the ending cinematic are little reward for having ran , swung , punched and kicked your way through level after level , trap after trap.Good if you 're an Indiana Jones fan , but others should either rent or stay away altogether .
 Ok , let me tell you what 's good about this game before I lay the downside on you . The settings are creative and the `` puzzles '' are challenging . It 's got the great Indiana Jones music and some cool Indy trademarks like the whip and the hat that he loses from time to time.Now the downside . Where do I begin ? The gameplay is a bit slow sometimes , it takes him too long to climb up/shimmy across things but that 's not a big deal . A HUGE problem is that unlike every other game , Indy FALLS off ledges , rather than catching them . So while walking across a simple walkway , you can fall and die or fall and have to go through the entire mess that got you to the top in the first place . In a flooded underground temple in Istanbul for example , you must swim -LRB- through shark infested waters -RRB- to find a ledge to climb up on . Then you go through an obstacle course of ledges , jumps , whip swings , etc , to find your prize . Fall once , and you have to go through it all over again . You will fall many times because this Indy is too retarded to catch the ledge ! BUT , it takes hours because you have to do this like 5 different times in this level , all without a save . So you can find most of the items , then take a shark bite and have to do it all over again . You keep nothing that you accomplished . I completed the previous level with somewhat low health and despite the save , I was left with this low health when I unlocked the next level . So with no means to increase my health , I kept dying after trying to perform simple tasks -LRB- or tasks that would be simple in normal games , like walking and jumping -RRB- . It 's got glitches too , while swimming , Indy can get stuck on a wall and if you 're low on air , you 'll die . I like playing games , not working them like a friggin job and that 's what this one feels like . After a week of this damn Istanbul , I looked for cheat codes to help me get past and the only one out there does n't even work . Want a great game ? Get Bounty Hunter or ICO . Bounty Hunter has amazing gameplay , lots of action and great fighting . ICO has the best gameplay of any game I 've ever played as well as incredible settings and intricate but not impossible puzzles and tasks . AVOID INDIANA JONES AND THE EMPEROR 'S TOMB ! Rent it and you 'll see .
 Bought this game influened by tomb raider . Wrong ! Sell them to lil chidren and find us a way to know the quality before purchase .
 I do like money making games , but this is like ... That would n't happen in real life . You may all be like , uh , yah , that 's the whole purpose ! Yah , but this is kind of hard to manage . Another thing is , it is so slow on our old computer , yet it does n't even work on our new computer . if you want this game , you probally want a Windows 98 , wich is very old school , well , to me . I just might not like this game , or just a spoiled brat , tell me .
 I order two separate ones - one froze after a minute or so and would not install and the other would not work on MacBook Pro so did me no good . Both claimed to be for Mac or PC .
 Very disappointed in this vendor . Game does not work on Mac . Game came already opened . I will be returning it for a refund .
 Do not buy this CD unless you have Win 3.1 or 95 . If you have XP , NT or 2000 , expect problems with this software . Expect the `` Unable to link to KERNEL32.DLL '' error and more . Get the SNES version instead .
 it is a horrible game . you get a puppy , bring it home and all that stuff but it gets very boring in a hurry . this game was the worst game i bought with my own money . dont get this game . it is fun for a week and then it very boring .
 This is the biggest waste of time impulse purchase I have seen in a while . It 's so sad that people have time to waste on a fake puppy when there are thousands of animals in shelters all around the US looking for a loving home .
 I am sorry to say , we had great expectations for this game , as we are chihuahua owners and thought it would be really cute . My daughter , 7 , was very disappointed . She dose n't play the game at all . She says the game only lets her teach the dog her name , and that is it . For us , it was a complete waste of cash .
 I have always wanted a dog . I wanted a cute little sheltie so much ! So when I saw this game , I was really happy ! I got the chihuahua one because it has a sheltie on it . -LRB-
 Do n't bother with this one unless you like repeting yourself over and over and over and over ...
 Ok , there are a few things good with this game ... There are dogs in it ... there are lots of bad things , The game gets boring after a day or two , its the same thing every day ... turn on the game , feed them , clean them , take them for a walk , pet them , play with them , and maybe get a new dog or enter a contest . It is really boring , oh yea , the dogs have voice recognition , but only for a certain voice , so if your buddy comes over and buys a new dog , you 're gon na have to match his voice if you want the dog 's attention . Do n't waste your money . If you are gon na buy a DS , buy the weird minigame ones or the puzzle ones like Warioware , or Feel the Magic XX XY . Or Mario Kart DS ... -LRB- its online -RRB- do n't buy this game ... You will not be satisfied .
 Why the heck would you buy a game about training a dog ?? I think the guy who said it was lame is totally right . Woops , the dogs bowl is empty , I got ta go feed him , what fun !! You got ta have something better to do then to play a game like this . I do n't see any fun in controlling a dogs life in a video game . In real life , yea a dog would be great . But in a video game ?? A video game ???? About raising a dog ?? Can somebody please tell me what is so fun about this game ?? Seriously .
 I can not rate my review of this product because I never received it .
 We spend all our time on fake virtual dogs so much that all REAL dogs out there wil probably die of being neglected .
 This was the worst game I 've ever played . I got Chihuahua for my 12th birthday . I took one look at the cover . I knew it would be bad . So I gave it a chance and played it for a minute . HORRIBLE.I got one of those boxer dogs . Before I continue , I just want to say that I 'm NOT a dog lover . Icky pests ... So , as I was saying , this game is horrible . It took my boxer like 100 times to learn his name . The background is bad . The sound affects are terrible . Those lame competitions are LAME ! When I took my stupid dog for a walk , it kept peeing and pooing like crazy ! Things that are stupid , are that your stupid dog 's stamina is small . You should be able to walk as far as you want . # 2 , is that when you fail a competition , you are sent down a class . # 3 , is that you should be allowed to have as many dogs as you can . In the same house ! I 'll bet your stupid dogs are like this to . Really , it was a bad decision to get this game . You wasted your money , and your time .
 Uhhhh , hello ! This is a world not -LRB- yet if this kind of crap keeps up . -RRB- run by machines . Get a real dog , whoever buys this game must be lonely . I have two real dogs , and it 's much more satisfying to play with a REAL dog than a stupid AI controlled one . Sorry to say but , get a life Nintendo .
 This is a joke , right ? The dozens of 5-star reviews have got to be from people in some weird club that gives glowing reviews to boring games for the sole purpose of annoying people . Look , I 'm not some anti-Nintendo person ; in fact , Nintendo is my favorite developer . And I 'm giving this 2 stars overall because the technology is amazing . But this game is no fun , and here are my reasons why.First off
 I bought this game for my son after seeing the ads on TV for it in conjunction with the movie . It 's a series of races to get trophies for . It 's not a file game either so once he beats it , that 's it . He can rerace but no trophies are available . This game 's better for PlayStation , GameCube & Xbox . We 'll be getting the GameCube in a few months & I plan to buy the Cars game for it . If you want this game for the Gameboy Advance , you 're wasting your money . Get a different game for your child .
 We just bought this game and want to warn others that the set up is just awful . You 're guiding cars from the side , rather than from the back , so you ca n't see what direction to turn . My 9 year old who is fairly adept ca n't stand it . He also mentioned that he watched the advertisements for the Game Cube version of Cars , and it showed the race occurring from behind , so your POV is of the road ahead of you . So , I do n't know what happened , but the Gameboy Advance SP game is an exercise in frustration for one child ... -LRB- He advised 2 stars for overall just because the subject was racing ... but I think the fun factor was in teh zero range based on his narrow-eyed demand of Can we return it ? -RRB-
 You call this a game.The graphicas are horrible the gameplay is so boring and there is no skill involed.All you do is hold down A then you go really really fast and bump your car into the walls and try to get to the finish line!I dont know what they where thinking when they said lets put this on the game shelfs . Dont get this game.Dont rent this game.Dont even consider this game.I give it a 1 star .
 My son LOVED the Cars movie and begged for the Cars GBA game for his birthday . Sadly , it was a huge dissapointment for him . he is 9 years old , loves games like Pokemon , soccer and racing but when he got this game he finished it within two days and never touched it again . NOT WORTH THE MONEY . I suggest renting this game instead of investing money on buying it .
 This game is to easy . I beat it in only 1 day!This game is a waste of money !
 Wow . I think this is the only bad review I 've ever given about a game . This one is just awful . The game decides if your voice tone is consistent and if it is n't consistent when calling the dog 's name 5-10 times in a row , you have to start over . This takes forever and is n't fun . But once you get past it , you then have to `` train '' your dog to do a `` trick '' -LRB- sit -RRB- before you can do ANYTHING else . The training instructions are nonsensical and it 's fairly random whether the dog responds . Go to youtube and watch kids struggling with this game . If you want to hear your kid shouting the name of his/her dog over and over ... all day ... get this game , LOL .
 * sigh * At first I was very in love with this game . Being an animal lover who ca n't have a dog right now , this seemed to be the perfect opportunity . I adopted a Shiba Inu named Bo . Very loyal and friendly . He learned quickly and we got through many competitions . After a couple days I noticed he had fleas . So I gave him a good scrub down and brushing and was sparkling clean . Literally.Overall the interaction in the game was entertaining . Being able to find things and play with the dog . I especially liked the difference in length the discs would go . I acutally had a life preserver which was the best for competitions . Agility training was entertaining and a bit of a challenge.On walks there were some drawbacks . There was a beachfront . Yet you could n't take your dog to the beach to play in the waves . The game became very unrealistic . Of course , the first thing you notice is the dogs will never change from their age . They are stuck as puppies . Though many of the breeds are miniature adults ie
 This prouduct CAN NOT be for real , nintendo , you put 0 effort in to this game , I fell into this trap by their melt-your-heart graphics , but once you play it , which only connsistes of limmited , limmeted , and more limmeted , -LSB- I 'll tell you why later , -RSB- you realize that doe n't matter , this game is trash ! worthless ! Get out there in our would of flesh and blood , dropp that DS ! If you are an insane animal lover like me , volenteer at your local shelter , do something that makes you feel pssonate , nintedo , you flopped ! This is all you can do in the '' game '' 1 # Pet your dog2 # Buy hideous acsessories3 # Take you dog to a commpotision 3 tries a day ? Seriously ??? 4 # Walk the thing , and wait for it to want to go again , which took my dog up to 2 hr.s ! 5 # Refill it 's bowl and wash HIM \ HER . Whopie .6 # Wait . wait untll tommarow so you can enter in a comoptision , wait 2 hours to go on a walk , wait , wait forever so you can be bored out of your skukll . You 'll find yourself growing bored whitin 5 minutes , which is four times what it takes to finish a compotison .
 Okay , I can kind of see the concept behind this -- a virtual puppy if you ca n't have a real one . On the other hand , the execution has lead to a BORING , BORING game.Getting into the game initially is hard -- training my dog to respond to its name took quite some time , and the instructions given in the slim manual included were nearly useless . I am beginning to wonder if the increasingly awful documentation included with `` hot new '' titles is intentional -- a drive to get you to buy the `` official '' guide.Having said that , after many tries , I got my dog to respond to its name and how to sit . Now what , you ask?Well , you have to do more repetitive stuff in order to buy supplies for your dog -- once you `` unlock '' the menu to feed , water , walk , and groom your dog , you have to just keep repeating things in order to do more of the same . You then apparently enter contests in order to get more money ... to feed and water your dog , and so on and so on.I ca n't figure out the appeal here , whatsoever , unless you really , really , REALLY like dogs -- and doing the same thing over and over again .
 When they say it 's just like having your own dog , they mean it ! I was very excited to get this game for my 6 year old daughter . Turns out , neither one of us have the patience to train a dog over and over again before even getting the opportunity to do anything fun . I have decided this game is pure torture much like my experience training my own dogs . Perhaps an extremely lonely person or an extremely bored person or a dog fanatic may enjoy this kind of repetitive nonsense but it 's not for us . We just want to play a game for fun , not get stuck repeating the name `` Fido '' over and over and over ... . ahh !
 I beg everybody who is considering buying this game , read this review closely before you buy the game ! This is my second day of owning Nintendogs , and I already want to flush it down the toilet . At the very least , we 're returning it and getting something reliable.I started out thinking that this was a great , fun game . I saw all my friends playing it and instantly my attention was captured . The dogs looked cute , and the game seemed interesting . I usually love anything you can personalize . I asked for the game and got it . Well ! That was a mistake . I instantly adopted the cutest lab I saw , and decided to name her Kyla . After introducing her to her new home , a message informed me that it was time to name her . At first , I tried speaking Kyla 's name when it prompted me to , but she did n't understand me . After at least twenty minutes of trying , I discovered that I was shouting too much and used a regular speaking voice . Finally , after boring and frustrating repetition , Kyla learned her name . I typed it in text and thought that was the end . NOT ! I got a message that said I should keep calling her name so she would get used to it . By then , everybody in the house was tired of me saying the same thing , over and over to my DS . I told Kyla her name many times and , as instructed , petted her when she responded to it . I did that many , many times until I read horrifying text on the screen
 It was used and could n't access some of the options -LRB- entering contests and competitions -RRB- to get the money needed in the game to do things . Plus , could not clear out puppy first user had to get our own puppy . My daughter wo n't play it anymore . Maybe new is better .
 I bought this game for my sister so she could complete her Nintendogs collection . I received the game only a few days after I ordered it , which was great ! The box for the game said Lab and Friends on it , so I texted my sister telling her it was here , only to open it and find a completely different game . This seller is definitely time efficient , but make sure they check their products before they sell them to you .
 My recommendation is for people to wait for the PSP version of Nintendogs , Sony 's going to release its own version of Nintendogs sometime in the spring -LRB- under a different name , complete with a touchpad USB attachment -RRB- . The Sony version has been getting rave reviews from the Japanese press.Save your money , do n't get the Nintendo version of this game instead WAIT FOR THE PSP VERSION -LRB- coming out in late spring 2006 -RRB- .
 THOSE DOGS ARE SO CUDDILY WUGGILY !!! WOW I CANT WAIT TO SHOW MY MOMMY ! I WISH ALL 5 YEAR OLDS OUT THERE HAD THIS TOY !
 The commercial about the girl and the teddy bear was just unacceptable . The girl was saying to the bear stuff like `` I hate you because I have a nintendog ! '' and `` My virtual dog loves me , UNLIKE YOU !! '' This is wrong . We have many wonderful REAL dogs out there , and are we doing the right thing by ditching them for a fake dog that does not exist and does not love us and play with us and be a good friend to us ? I do n't think so .
 Who would want to control a dog 's life digitally ! For God 's sake , just buy a freakin dog ! And if you 're allergic or not allowed to own one , then you are pathetic to stooping so low to buy a video game of owning a dog ! IT 'S AN ANIMAL WITH NO SOUL ! Video games are supposed to have action / adventure / skill in them . I do n't see any action / adventure / skill in changing your dog 's water bowl . Training an imaginary dog ? What an adventure !! Overall - it 's not even one star . There is no number of stars to describe a game so boring / lame / ridiculous / embarrassing / pathetic !!!!!!!!!!! IF YOU OWN THIS , YOU MUST HAVE NNNOOO LIFE !! What a waste of productive time !! It just blows my mind !!! A GAME OF CONTROLLING A DOG !!! AAAHH !!
 is this some sick joke nintendo ? i played this game and it was so annoying that i wanted to personally wanted drop an atom bomb on my fake little pixalated dog.real funny nintendo , real funny
 This toy is a peice of junk ! Who wants to clean up poop 10 times a day because they poop 10 times a day . I do n't think you do ! Do ya !
 My mom , sister and i went to bestbuy and my sister Zoe got the chihuahuaand friends version . When we got home Zoe started playing her new game.I wanted to see what she was doing so i looked at her little chihuahuarunning around on the screen ... . that was a mistake . I fell in love.I felt bad about not buying the lab & friends ; version . So the next day wewent back to bestbuy and i got the lab & friends ; game . It was fun fora week but it got repetative and boring . Do not get this game it is awaste of money .
 Ok , my daughter wanted this game really bad for Christmas , and she got it . . but ... she hasnt been able to play it ! I dont know if she is doing something wrong , I tried myself and couldnt get it to work either . I might have to call Nintendo and ask . We ca n't pass the level where we name the dog . We have to say the dog 's name into the microphone to register the name , but after many many tries , it doesnt recognize it or something and we just ca n't pass the level . I am really not able to review it as we havent been able to play it . I dont know if we are doing something wrong or there is a problem with the game , but my next step is to call Nintendo .
 I had ordered this game for my grandson for his birthday . He received a duplicate of the game from another so I sent mine back . Originally I received my order very fast and when I sent the game back the process was handled quickly and my account credited in a matter of days . Overall I 'm very pleased with the entire process.I gave the game a one star rating because I really do n't know as I had to return it .
 Nintendogs is stupid . At first it 's fun but then it keeps getting more boring until you just want to throw it away . I mean all you do is raise dogs and put them in compitions.Trust me i had this game and I still do but I do n't play it . It can be frusterating trying to call your dog in the exact town you said it in when you gave it to it ... Yah that 's right if you get a cold your dog wo n't understand you and this includes tricks . You have to make money or your sunk and dogs need to be cleaned washed and fed about evry hour even if you do n't play it for a half an hour . Oh and if you do n't do this stuff about feeding and ect your dog does n'tdo good in compitions this game is boring for boys and is a little tiny fun for girls but this is for girls with the love for little animals not other kinds of girl so now you know the bad side of this game and if I were you I would not get any of the Nintendogs games but you should get Burnout Legands for the DS And it 's rated E so go get it .
 This game is totally lame . All you do is raise a puppy to run around and compete in lame contests . I played my friend 's . To that person who said it got boring after the first day or two , I envy you . I got bored after the first 5 minutes ! Do n't go for this game .
 Ironically , we were just thinking of making another call to the mfg. CS Dept or returning the product . It does not work properly . We have called the C.S. dept. but we are not getting anywhere . We have had friends come over with the same game and their 's works fine . What is my next step . We would like to exchange this one for a new one . We believe it is defective .
 My recommendation is for people to wait for the PSP version of Nintendogs , Sony 's going to release its own version of Nintendogs sometime in the spring -LRB- under a different name , complete with a touchpad USB attachment -RRB- . The Sony version has been getting rave reviews from the Japanese press.Save your money , do n't get the Nintendo version of this game instead WAIT FOR THE PSP VERSION -LRB- coming out in late spring 2006 -RRB- .
 We got this game for my 5 year old daughter . She loves dogs , but my wife is allergic to anything with fur . I do n't know how far we got with getting the dog to recognize his name , but my daughter probably repeated the name , `` MAX '' a hundred times . I told her that it might take a couple hundred times . The game was able to maintain her interest -LRB- and my interest -RRB- for about five minutes . I 've read some of these reviews and there must be some really patient people who have the time to repeat the same thing three hundred times at an electric gadget and imagine that it 's the real thing . This would be the perfect gift for the following people
 I bought this game for my daughter who is 10 . She was so frustrated with the game . I do not recommend this game for any age child . It is too frustrating . It is not fun or enjoyable for anyone . I wish I had known this before I had purchased this game for my child.It would have saved me a lot of aggravation .
 My kids liked this at first . Now they play purely out of guilt . Once you 've taken on a dog , you have no choice but to walk and feed it every day . Sure , if you have more than one dog you can board the extras indefinitely at the dog hotel . But you have to keep one , and feel like a bad person if you do n't feed it and walk it.Honestly , think twice before subjecting your children to that !
 We have had two copies of this game from two different sources and both have program issues . The first one would play and my grandson liked it but it would lock up intermittently and some screens were blank . We returned that and got another copy . This one would not even boot or start . It has also been returned . If I ever get one to play I will write a new review . Buyer Beware .
 Heres how Using the xbox gameshark worksstep 1 Install software on computer from disc in packagestep 2 connect the USB to Xbox memory device connection to computerstep 3 connect memory card to USB adapter in step 2step 4 run Gameshark softwarestep 5 Gameshark software can not detect memory device . please connect memory devicestep 6 repeat steps 2-5step 7 repeat step 2-5step 8 repeat step 2-5step 9 return item
 Maybe it was just me ... I do n't know . But I could n't get this thing to work to save my life . I could n't get a game to boot , nor could I get the online update deal . Or whatever it was . I just never could figure it out . Maybe it did n't work . Maybe I 'm just a big dummy . I had a playstation and playstation 2 ones and those both worked out fine . But this one in particular ... no dice .
 I 've tried this device on three different computers , and it still says can not find memory card . It loads the drivers but plugging the cards in they do not show up . I have tried a handful of cards from different vendors .
 If you use your xbox for excessive amount of time the plastic can melt inside your xbox . Not good .
 i bought one from amazon . 2 days after installing it it stopped working . part of it had melted and not from an outside source but from within . Talismoon replaced this for me saying `` we 've never heard of that happening before . send us pictures . '' the replacement melted in 4 days and caused my xbox 360 to short circuit . i am not going to get a third.you can see it on you-tube as well .
 It showed an extreme limited number of game codes on the CD that I could n't extend for other games , It is self deleting the codes for games already downloaded on here and barely worked in my Playstation 2 . No I would not recommend this at all to anyone , Do n't Buy it !!!!
 Totally misleading when it says over 465 codes.Makes you not realize it is for only 10 games.Shame on me for not reading deeper.The only good codes are for GOD of WAR.Can not enter codes either so not really that good of a cheat tool unless you have the 10 games on its list then you get some use out of it.Kind of a crappy way to make cheaper money on the company 's behalf.Should have thrown in memory card but then they would have been able to put more codes in and sell it for more.Thank god I picked up as a bargain buy on AMAZON.COM . My advice is pay extra money to get full product and get more variety from it .
 This cheat disc contains what it claims to contain . It has cheat codes for 10 games . It had less codes available for the two games I own , when compared to other cheat discs , I own . It did not really give me any cheats that I did not already have .
 if I were you guys I would not waste my money on this it wo n't load or anything it freezes or says there 's no PlayStation or ps2 disc in the ps2 so DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY I did and I 'm regretting it this was the worse investment ever
 you are totaly miss leading the customer when you say it has all of these codes there are ten games on here i completely wasted my time and money if anything i should sue you
 totally misleading ... especially with the gameshark name and not being able to enter codes and new games ... what a farse and a waste of my time and money ... very unhappy ... description should have stated that you can not add games !!!! what a scam .
 This game , evidently , is designed for an older operating system -LRB- Win 95/98 -RRB- . Though the package claims it will work on Win2k for instance , it does n't . The website for the game is defunct . The patches ca n't be downloaded . It 's sad . Douglas Adams is such a beloved author , why do n't they care about this game ?
 I played this game when I was much younger and it 's pretty brilliant . Challenging puzzles , a dialog system where you can type whatever you want , funny robots , beautiful setting and a neat plot underneath it all -- all classic Douglas Adams . But unfortunately , since the company that made it went out of business ages ago , it 's very hard to get it to work on modern machines . Running Windows 7 , I 've tried a variety of patches and compatibility modes to no avail . I think if I can set up a virtual machine running Windows 95 I might get it to work . Bottom line -- unless you have significant experience with computers and are willing to do some legwork to make this game work , you should n't buy it .
 I loved this game for it 's content , plot , lack of sensibility . It truly lived up to what I would expect from DNA . The problem that I ran into is with the videos during gameplay . I get this nice , full screen view of black with audio . The video just is n't there . While I normally frown on using walkthroughs , it makes it necessary since most of the puzzles are answered in the videos . Top that off with the fact that you can not even see the puzzle you have to complete at the end of the game , since it too is a black screen . My first instinct was to reinstall , and run under compatability wizard . That failed miserably . My next step was to check for patches , and to my surprise , nobody is supporting the game . My final step was to run through the blogs to see if any talented hacker had reverse engineered the game -LRB- very against the EULA , but since nobody sees fit to support it , I do n't much care if they make a profit . A fixed problem is a fixed problem . -RRB- Every blog I found had users with the same issue that could only be resolved by downgrading windows ! Let 's just think about that one for a moment . I 'm gon na sacrifice my computer 's security by downgrading -LRB- but is anything that involves getting rid of microsoft really a downgrade ? -RRB- from sp2 to sp1 . NOT ! Somebody needs to redo the game , patch it up so that it is finally playable on an up to date system . Since it is Simon and Schuster 's name on the cover , it should be them , but I 'm having a hard time finding the person to talk to that can fix the issue -LRB- even after burying my inquiry in soft peat for three months -RRB- . To wrap it up , it 's a great game that wo n't work on XP sp2 . GOOD JOB SImon and Schuster , I 'll go back to ignoring the `` xp compatable '' sticker on the cd case .
 This game will NOT run under Windows XP or 2000 . The box states it is compatible , but the reality is blackouts and screen freezes with audio antics . Glad I did n't spend any more than I did .
 So disappointed ! I had looked forward to playing this game for so long . Finally got it , installed it and then ... nothing . Every time I would click `` Play '' , it would go back to my desktop screen.I tried all 3 sizes of install options . I made sure I had the current DirectX ... nothing . I have played at least 30 other games , of all types and sizes , on my computer . But not this one . I went to the SST site , where they offered a patch . The patch page was no longer accessible . Okay ... I went to the SST Forum . Talked to a couple of folks about my situation . No luck . I even purchased another copy , of the game , which I had thought would be a newer version . Same version.I do agree with the other reviews in that it is no doubt a great game ... if only I could play it !
 Rikimaru does n't exist and is n't even mentioned at all in this game in any way shape or form . You absolutly ca n't have a Tenchu game without Rikimaru . That aside , if you wan na look at the game itself , it 's more or less just a dumbed down version of Wrath of Heaven . Only 2 playable charachters , no undead , no demons , music is n't quite as good , and the bosses seem dumbed down and more bland than any of the other previous Tenchu games . I do n't understand why everyone keeps saying the game is harder . I actually found it even easier than Wrath of Heaven . But if your dumb enough to try to block in a boss battle that would make sense because of the boss block counter move system in this one . Case in point , do n't buy this game .
 It plays just like Tenchu 3 , only harder . No Rikimaru here but you get Rin , a young female ninja who is more like Tatsumaru . Story is not exciting but you do n't have to deal with the undead . No 2-player mode . Using caltrops is a must to win boss battles ! There are new items and abilities to gain .
 When it comes to video game systems today , Nintendo is the company that has shown it has it all . With the return to console gaming on the Wii , many gamers are eager for looking for new ways to get their fix of action packed excitement . But , for Wii owners , they might feel the need of something else . This Widescreen 7 '' game screen , works nicely for Gamecube gamers , who can also get their fix of Gamecube madness on the Wii , but it does n't add up very well on anything else . Although it might be good if you 're in a mobile home , but you unfortunately ca n't see very well on where you 're aiming in games like The Legend Of Zelda
 I bought this for my son and was quite discouraged . I found it violent ! Very disappointing !
 The game is excellent however it you play it on the Xbox 360 console do n't get to atttached . The console has lots of problems and you will eventually be forced to play the game on a pc .
 I had no idea that Leapster was incompatible with Leap Frog 2 and Leap Frog explorer . Leap Frog should do away with such an old product and fitting it to the new hardware .
 The game freezes up every time my daughter tries to play the game with Chip and does n't save her profile when it is turned off . I bought a brand new set of batteries for the Leapster , hoping that was the problem , but there was no change . Not worth the money if you ca n't play all the games !
 I just got this game for my daughter for Christmas and it does n't work . We have been trying to figure it out for an hour , I wanted to throw it across the room . Waste of money !!!
 I bought this game and half of the games on the cartridge didnt work . I returned it and exchanged it for another one and ... . SAME THING ! Half the games dont work ! So now i have to drive back and exchange it yet again ... . but this time i will pick out another game ! My daughter will be sad as she loves anything princess ... but COME ON !!!
 Some of the games on the device did not work , or , I as an adult could not figure them out ... not worth the effort . The leapster comes with it 's own games that are enough entertainment for a 4-5 year old .
 I bought the Disney Princess Worlds of Enchantment game for my 5-year-old daughter because she loves anything princess , but she was quickly bored of the games in this cartridge . After trying out the games , I have to agree that the games are pretty boring and slow-moving . She prefers the Get Puzzled game , which was surprising since the graphics are n't particularly pretty .
 This game has the potential to be good but it falls short in so many ways . I wish I would have read more reviews before I purchased it . Even reading the box cover had me convinced I was getting a great game but I was fooled because I had way too many problems while playing .1 . It takes too long to load up .2 . The more stuff you add to your hotel the slower the game plays .3 . Then it freezes up the computer for no reason .4 . You have to save every five minutes so you do n't lose your progress .5 . Sometimes the game just reboots on its own .6 . Too much time is spent bulding the hotel , than is spent trying to manage it .7 . This is what I hated most . You have to pass all of the game tutorials before you get access to all objects needed to be the best Hotel Manager.My advise is this , if you want this game then buy it used . Do n't waste your money .
 This is one of the worst games ever created . I feel ashamed and hurt to have bought this . I spent 40 bucks on a piece of turd . I tried sooo hard to give it away . Noone wanted it . Face the facts . It flat out sucks . There are too little options . The rooms feel akward and dont make sense . The graphics are horrendus and there are very few objects . It almost makes me cry that I spent time playing it . The controls are flat out awful , it took me nearly an hour just to figure out how to place an object . DO NOT BUY !!! DO NOT ACCEPT AS GIFT ! DO NOT PLAY ! DO NOT LOOK AT !!!!! Trust me ... you dont want to play .
 Sims gone WAY too slow , without the control of the sims . I do love simulation games , but this has got to be the slowest sim game to start . You will spend a lot of time building rooms , mostly while paused . I would spend 4 hours on layout , realise I 've spent so much time on it and never get around to playing much after opening the hotel.Now , if you like building hotel rooms , boy is this the game for you . Having not played the 20 or so hours it takes to finish even one scenerio , I ca n't comment on how easy or hard it is to complete a level ... really , I 'd just lose interest after hour 12 of gameplay.This is definately a game for someone that has absolutely NO life outside of sim gaming.Graphically , I liked it . You get so many options for walls , floors , lighting , layout , ammenities and pricing it 's a wonder that I disliked it so much . : -LRB-
 This game stinks . I thought with all the good reviews that it would be good but it was n't . When I first started playing it I thoght it was really cool but it got boring really quick . It is to hard to get people in your facilitys and even if you get people in them they do n't make money . Once you do start to make money you try to expand your hotel and you go bankrupt . I WOULD NOT reccomend any one to buy this product because it is a waste of money .
 I got this game at best buy -LRB- and paid more than here -RRB- and loaded the game when I got home.I thought `` Wow this game is cool ! '' but then all of a sudden instead of thinking `` cool game '' I was screaming.The game quits unexpectedly and you loose all of your work.If your thinking the manufacturer could help you , your wrong.If you go to JoWoods site the message boards are filled with tons of people saying the same thing and JoWood does nothing about it.You can email them and they still will not do anything.You could buy the game.The 5 minutes of game time is pretty cool , but expect problems .
 This is n't a good game . When I opened the box and saw a CD and a slip of paper that was the manual , I had a feeling I was in for some disappointment . However , I still held out hope that maybe the game itself was great . It was n't . The game throws you into the mix without any intruction or tutorial and you are left wondering what to do . I took a look at the box again just to make sure it was n't a puzzle game . The game basically wants the player to figure everything out with trial and error . Give this a pass .
 In this game u choose the location for your hotel , then u choose the style of your hotel , next u furnish your hotel , and then u manage your hotel until u get bored ... . Furnishing your hotel is pretty fun because u have so many choices ... but managing it is a completely different story . After u open your hotel u have to wait half an hour , and then , and only then , will customers come . -LRB- Even if u advertise ! -RRB- A few will come and look at your hotel . If they do n't `` like '' your hotel they will leave . If they do `` like '' your hotel they will check in . All the customers do is watch TV , work out , read , etc. . Unless u enjoy watching these things it gets very boring very soon . -LRB- It does even if u do enjoy watching these things . -RRB- In order to make your hotel `` good '' , u -LRB- Supposedly ... -RRB- have to peek into your cutomers ' thoughts and evaluate their idiotic complaints . -LRB- Such as
 To sum it up , this game is flat out a complete waste of money . The graphics are average , but the design phase of each scenario is terrible . There are no tools available to assist in the creation of hotel rooms -LRB- which is the primary function of the game -RRB- , and every minute detail must be done individually . Needless to say , the gameplay is quite tedious -- I spent four hours just trying to optimize placement of different rooms on one level . The game requires the player to do a lot of `` setup '' of each hotel in the campaign before a simulation actually begins , and given the poor design control interface , this becomes extremely tiresome after about the second scenario.Bottom line
 B-O-R-I-N-G . That pretty much says it all about this game . I 've been trying to think of at least some redeeming qualities to this game for those who enjoy its premise , but sadly there are none.Sure you can design rooms and kitchens , bars , game rooms and meeting rooms , but that 's about all there is to it . There 's none of the snappy humor you get in other SIM games ; and the customers are whiny about every detail from not buying THE most expensive sink in the public restrooms , to not being on THE most expensive chairs in the restaurant.Even the `` challenge '' levels are quite dull . It 's definately not the game I was expecting . ...
 I thought I would love this game , but I found the interface so awkward and the manipulation of things so awkward that I never stuck with it long enough to actually play it .
 I suggest that you go to the website and view the Technical Support section before purchasing this product . Read about the problems that other users have had or are having with this program . I 've had the program for about three weeks , and it has worked about three times . There seems to be a problem starting the program . It either kicks you back to the desktop during the intro or it wo n't start at all . I downloaded the patch for the program , it did n't work . I sent an email to Tech Support a week ago and they have not yet responded . I read through the customer comments and found that there are a lot of people complaining about this problem . There are some people who have figured out how to re-program there software , but if I spend -LSB- money -RSB- on a software program , I should n't have to re-program it ! Today I sold my game to a second hand retailer . I did n't get anything near the amount I paid for it . If you buy it and it works for you , Hooray ! All I 'm saying is view the customer comments on the website before purchasing this product ! This Product , Tech Support and Manufacturer was a BIG disappointment to me . I will not be purchasing software from this company again . My experience with this software was TERRIBLE ! I only gave it one star because there was no option for `` 0 Stars '' . Good Luck !
 I bought this game and another , ... , at the same time and found that while -LSB- the other game -RSB- had cute little graphics and a laid back theme , Hotel Giant had crude graphics and a hard interface . Once you finally figured out how to place everything you 're tired of the game had no further desire to play . It 's one of those games you wish you did n't invest -LSB- $ $ -RSB- in ! I would n't recommend it to anyone unless they really really wanted to spend some money . Pass this one by , folks .
 I tried this game several times , without success . I know for a fact that there are a lot of versions of this game that DO NOT WORK ! They wo n't even start and tech support wo n't help . Take your chances ... it was a nice thought though .
 When I first got this game I thought that you would actually be able to create your own hotel . -LRB- Inside and out ! -RRB- But all you get to do is build the rooms , but not the outside . When you are finished , you have to wait about 5 minutes untill just 1 person comes ! No matter how appealing your hotel might look to you , only about 10 people -LRB- max . -RRB- will come . It 's not worth it ! And , it can be very frustraiting . For example , if you want to put a chouch in the corner it will put it somewhere else . It takes about 3-4 tries to get it where you want it ! I hate games like that ! Do n't you ?
 WATCH OUT !! THIS GAME REQUIRES 264 MB RAM , WIT NY LESS THE MOUSE POINTER MOVES VEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERY SLOWLY AND IS HARD TO CONTROL !! CHECK YOUR SYSTEM BEFORE BUYING THIS GAME !!
 This is a group of activities that are boring for my 6 and 4 year olds . I tried the other Cars PC Game and it does n't run and I ca n't get any support to figure out the problem . Did I really waste nearly $ 50 in Cars packaging ?
 The game itself is well covered by other reviews . However , it should be known that this game can only be played on Mac OS X with an administrator account . If you share your computer with your child , they will not be able to play the game - it does not run.This is a massive flaw in the game . First of all , no user software should require an admin account to run . It 's hard to imagine what the game programmers could be doing that requires administrative access to your computer . You should not buy this game , either because it will not work , or out of sympathy for those who were ripped off .
 My 3 year old grandson is a huge `` Cars '' fan . He is very bright and works well on the computer , but this game is not what we thought . It is difficult to use , confusing even to me as an adult ! I would avoid paying money for this one !
 TO EVERYONE.I 'm not asking you , I 'm telling you this game is a save your money.Big headaches and masive frustraitons with the ramone dance game , Mater train and Sheriff persuit.So do n't buy it if you enjoy severe headaches .
 I made the mistake of believing what I saw at this game 's official website . There 's a `` trailer '' movie and also a downloadable demo that you can play on your computer . These have some great road race action , even a multiplayer split screen mode ... but none of this exists on the actual Windows/Mac game ! Just ten childish activities , and boring drag races against ten different characters from the movie . -LRB- Not that I care , but Sarge 's Obstacle Course does n't work at all , at least not on my computer . -RRB- Having thoroughly enjoyed the free demo on my computer , I was extremely disappointed to find , once I received the `` full '' purchased product , that I had been duped . If you want the great things that are shown on the game 's website and in the demo , you need to buy the Playstation version , which does have the road races and other cool stuff . This Win/Mac game is for little kids . Poof ! There goes yet more of my hard-earned money down the drain . Oh , and I do n't own a Playstation , so there will be no Cars game for me . It 's a total loss . For what it is , I guess I 'd give this version three stars , but since it 's not what I was led to expect , I 'm giving it only one .
 It appeared to be a surprise that Disney ca n't produce a reliable product.I have installed the game on my new PC running Windows XP Pro , however , the game crashes on start up . Surpisingly , the manufacturer provides no support and their web site even has broken links .
 I was thinking this was the same as the game cube , playstation cars game . Its ok , but its too hard and too easy at the same time . Not a lot of help unless you sit and read it to your kids , and then the games are a bit boring and not exciting .
 The list of video cards in the readme file that DO NOT work is extensive . Perhaps they should have listed the ones they successfully tested the program with . The readme file instructs you to update to the latest driver if you have problems , well that 's pretty insightful . In my case , and I would suspect in most cases , Windows XP SP2 has the latest driver . The readme file says downloading and installing a new driver will solve most problems . There is no other action recommended or contact information provided . i.e. if it does n't work on your machine , sorry , it works great on the development platform .3 / 31/07 - Runs on nVidia 6200 256 Mb . I figured since it required latest graphic technology it would be very cool . Now I wonder why it would not run using on-board graphics , there 's nothing that looks too intensive here .
 My 4-yr old whose fairly computer savvy summed it up best when he said `` this is too boring '' ... strangely complicated to install , hard to navigate , and not much payoff when you do get to places . For me it was too much of what was bad about the Cars movie -LRB- the story/characters -RRB- and not enough of what was good about it -LRB- action/graphics -RRB- . If you value your $ 20 , stay on the interstate and zoom past this Radiator Springs Adventure .
 This game is fun to play do n't get me wrong , but like another reviewer said , it 's way too hard to play past a certain stage.After replaying one section for weeks and weeks , trying to beat it , you eventually get tired and shelve the game which is what happened to my copy . Also it 's a real pain not being able to enjoy the fantastic control and speed of the ships because you 're always worried about refueling .
 I have to admit I loved the first one ; however ' the second and third were not worth renting . Cool Borders 4 tops them all . The fourth in the series allows a lot of freedom with tricks . The only down side is that once you master it in a week or so you get bored with it .
 this game did not live up to the name `` cool boarder '' it is the worst of the four and i rcemend you purchase coolboarders 2
 I am a big fan of the whole Matrix franchise , and as such , I really wanted to like this game . So I went out and rented it -- which is a good thing , because now I 'm only out $ 7 and change.Where to begin ? After playing Prince of Persia and Psychonauts , you have a good idea of what a good platformer game is with a great story and fantastic gameplay . Of course , neither of these two games were locked into a movie script , which I think is a big part of the problem ... The game wants you to follow the `` path of neo '' so closely , that even when it gives you a creative option , it 's not creative at all . For example , at the beginning of the game , Morpheus asks you , `` do you want to take the blue pill or the red pill ? '' Now , why on EARTH would I want to have that decision at all ?? So , of course , I took the blue pill ! BIG DEAL ! You wake up as yourself again in front of a computer and then you 're given the choice all over again ... after a few minutes of boring cut scenes . WHY DID I DO THAT ?? Which brings me to another point
 Worst video game purchase I 've made in five years . Endless cut scenes , repetitive and unsatisfying gameplay , pointless `` special abilities '' and other useless crap , jerky graphics , stupidly complex controls and a completely non-functioning pov camera angle . The Wachowski Bros worked on this ? Bullsnot . They loaned their name and cashed a check . Avoid this ripoff like the plague unless you are a twelve year old fanboy with no life .
 I really do n't want to comment on how well or if at all the game follows the movie . I 'm not a big ` moviephile ' and you probably would n't find anything I have to say on this topic helpful . But I will say that the designers threw in some extra fights in there that were not in the movie that seemed to be redundant . ****** SPOILER ****** For example when you fight the oracles body guard you have to fight him a 3rd time in a movie theatre that is playing a the matrix movie where Neo fights the body guard the first time ************ As for the game play it was pretty smooth , and the game made decent use of the PS2 's controller . However there seemed to be almost too many moves and I was forced to neglect some of them for the sake of not constantly dieing.The cut scenes were entirely too long and I found them to be quite boring . They also were about half from the movies and half CG . All that did was point out to me that the game was in CG , while that seems obvious ; it just made it harder to `` get into '' the game.The game itself on the other hand , was way to short . It usually takes me at least a month to beat a game for the amount of time I spend playing video games . I beat this game in a total of 3 days , ick.Now , the biggest problem I had with this game was the ending level and particularly the cut scene that introduces it . ***** SPOILER ****** The Wikowski brothers come up as 2-D , featureless , colorful characters and basically say that the whole martyr thing does n't work for Neo in a video game , so instead Neo has to fight a giant Agent Smith . My roommate and I were laughing hysterically ; thinking that I had done something special and unlocked some special , joke , feature . But no , in fact the joke was the end of the game , what a disappointment . ****** If you still want to play this game when it 's on the bargain rack , go for it . BUT PLEASE DO N'T PAY $ 40 to $ 50 for this game !!!
 I ordered this game for my son . When we received the game it was not working . We tried it in a couple of Playstaion 2 systems and it was still no good . I need to return this game .
 i put this down faster than i picked it up !!! why the heck did they wait 4 years to get the brain power to make this game . no one wants to play as niobi and who the # % $ % $ # @ $ # !! is ghost ?? . after the 2003 suck office smash hit Enter The Matrix , they could have atleast realeased it the following year !!! you follow neo 's story as `` The ONE '' as you kill people and fight machines . the graphics are lacking . the only slightly entertaining feature in the game is finally being able to finally pick up swords and other weapons in the weapon room sean from matrix reloaded . for any fun u will need to get cheat codes from CHEAT ! on G4 . waste !!!!
 `` The Matrix '' has been great entertainment for years
 Yeah so , this game came out in 2005 , thats 6 years too late geez . It probably would have been flippin sweet back when the movie came out . This game has some pretty lackluster graphics even for PS2 standards . While learning the controls i never really felt like i was in control . It did n't seem to matter if i was carefully timing the moves or just button mashing as it kinda just fights the battles for you . The absolute worst part of the control scheme is the gunplay , holy shizzle its bad . I mean if i had an extra hand , maybe it would work . You have to hold down one button to aim , another button to fire while your holding the aim button and then press another button to activate the slow-mo matrix effect . That 's 3 buttons all at the same time folks , and they are all in different places , and try jumping while pressing all these buttons , thats 4 now . Did they try playing this garbage before they shipped it out ? They also thought it would be a good idea to throw in tons of movie clips which we have all seen countless times , yeah we get it , its the matrix now let me play the game . Nevermind , i think i 'll be sending this one to the gamestop graveyard with all the other unwanted turds .
 I am quite the Sega fan . I play many of their games , especially the Sonic series . For Easter of 2006 , I got Sonic Riders , and enjoyed it greatly . There were many secret characters , all but one I knew . That one character was Ulala from Space Channel 5 . Being both a Sega fan , and a curious person , I decided to buy it , from , of course , Amazon.com.After about half a week it arrived , and I have to say , I was pretty excited . Reading another review from this website saying that it 's gameplay was similar to Prappa the Rapper , I figured it had to be a great game . Much to my utter dismay , it was n't . I gave up after playing the first level 5 times , and have n't touched it since . It proved to me much more difficult than it 's 2-D counterpart.The gameplay itself is not to hard to learn , you jsut press the buttons in the order the aliens tell you too , just like Parappa . However , unlike Parappa , it does n't even show the order of the buttons you have to press , you jsut have to watch the aliens , and press them . The thing that really ticked me off though , was the timing . It seemed that it had to be 100 % perfect . I do n't get how you were supposed to do that if you did n't even ahv a guide . Being musically talented , this disturbed me ... why was my timing so off ? I guess I must be getting rusty . To sum , this up , the game 's not terrible , but it 's not that good . Go buy something better . Might I suggest Parappa the Rapper , or Parappa the Rapper 2 ?
 This is really stupid . I have the japanese version of SC 5 Part 2 - Same art cover , except this one is direct port of dreamcast version which released three years ago . They only changed minor things like music , few more stages .
 Purchased Lion
 When you need to get a Video graphics card and a memory card -LRB- both cost over $ 30 -RRB- what is the point in wasting all that money . No normal computer can play it .
 I was excited to play this game and thought it might be pretty good when I started out . Graphics were good , sound effects and voice effects are good . but it does n't take long to realize that it is just one new screen after another of fighting guys . That gets pretty old pretty fast .
 cant stand the controls tis all scrood up who ever thought of playing this game a a key board wasnt thinking clearly .
 Ok play this as kid and love it until got older realize this how horrible this is.Still own it todayI mean look at it . I know graphic are good in all but game play it self . you have to unlock too many things . One most stupids thing to unlock is CITIZENS ! Seriously ? Citizens it now like going use then in special way it not like unlock certain areas like lego one.so with that said am done here ...
 Mario Party could have been a great game if it was just eaiser . The computer always wins , and my brother got a blister on the tug-a-war mini-game . The game takes forever , so unless you having a sleepover , you really do n't want to get it . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME . RENT IT FOR A BRITHDAY PARTY . I did give it 2 stars however , because some of the mini-games were fun , and the game is a good party game , but stinks as a one-player game .
 I thought this game was really fun at first - if you are playing with another person - but then I realised that behind all that game playing and luck and excitement ... it gets realy boring after a while . In fact , I think I got bored of it within 3 - 5 days . I think this is a game to rent , not buy . It 's really not worth the money . Well , it 's not my choice of whether you should buy this or not , but this is my opinion . Okay , bye !
 This game takes FOREVER ! If you play with one person , it is no fun at all . If you play with two or three people , the computer always wins . It was a real waste of my money , considering that Mario Party 2 came out later . The graphics are OK i guess , it is not frusterating at all because it takes really long . If you love to fidget , this is not your game , buddy .
 At first I didnt like this game , then I got into it . It 's like an electic boardgame . The one thing I hate is playing against the consol . Always play with four real people .
 Who created this game and why ? I get the concept and it 's a really good one . Then why did I give it one star ? This game is created for people who find Call of Duty and Halo so easy they get bored and refuse to play them . The mini-games must be beaten absolutely flawlessly or you do n't get any points whatsoever . Sometimes you even lose points for not absolutely mastering the mini-game . If you 're 99 % perfect , sorry no points . The biggest flaw in this game is that it has to be four players . If you do n't have four players then the computer will take over the rest . Be warned , the computer always wins every single mini game . There 's a choice for computer skill ... easy , normal , or hard ... huh ? What is hard skill ? Does that mean the game is hard for the computer player or the computer player is hard for you to beat ? No explanation whatsoever . But , it does not matter , Ive tried all three settings multiple times and it makes no difference in the computer 's amazing flawless skill at mastering the game . The point of the game is to get 20 coins , by absolutely mastering the mini-games as flawlessly as inhumanly possible , then randomly landing on the space where Toad is selling stars for 20 coins . Watch out , there 's also a space where , if they have 50 coins , other players can steal your star . They should call this game Star Stealers . The only real trick to the game is to be the one who lands on the star stealing spot the most times ... and thus steal everyone else 's stars . There 's no friendly competition here ... it 's all about bing underhanded . If you do n't have 50 coins to steal a star you can , for zero coins , steal coins from other players . this game always leads to everyone ganging up on the player who is doing the best . There 's no skill involved to winning the game over all because it 's all about who 's lucky enough to land on the star stealing spot the most times . One turn your in first place and the next your in fourth , but when you 're in fourth you 're stuck . Whoever happens to have the most stars when the game ends wins the game no matter how poorly you played the game . Oh , and do n't forget they the shortest version of the game takes 45 minutes minimum . The longest version takes 3 + hours . Ridiculous and frustrating to no end . Its a game that takes a minimal of an hour to lose . No thank you ! You should try Chef 's Luv Shack , it 's based on the same concept but you can actually win the mini-games once in a while .
 An extremely poor game . Very hard on your controllers . The spinning of the joysticks in some of the mini-games makes the joysticks loose and un-responsive . Buy at your own risk .
 I bought Mario Party used for nearly twenty bucks , and it was a total waste -LRB- I 've since exchanged it for two games I love -RRB- . The favorable reviews here were what suckered me into buying Mario Party , by the way . Whether you 're playing solo or with a group , there is NO skill required in this game . The game rolls the die for you each turn , and the steps you move on the board are obviously based on those rolls . Traditionally , a player plays a game . In Mario Party , the game plays you , and therefore , you have little to no control over how the game unfolds . A game without skill is a game best left unplayed . At least , that 's my belief . This game spawned at least six sequels ; I 'm sure it 's because people wrongfully assume that everything Mario-related is heaven-sent . Avoid this game . I 'm not too keen on N64 games in general , but there were a few nice ones . Laugh if you want , but Pokemon Puzzle League was one of those few . It has some beautiful FMV scenes in between each round beaten , hand-drawn anime backgrounds during the in-game puzzle portion , and tons of side games . I 'm not a big fan of the show , but I do recognize when a game has a lot of time and effort put into it . Mario Party is n't one of those kinds of games.I 'm glad I returned Mario Party for Rayman 2 and Pokemon Puzzle League .
 This game is horrible . First , I bought this video `` game '' because I thought it was fun . Well in was n't . 1st , the graphics are poor . 2nd the computer 's difficulty level is so hard . If you play with one , two , or three people , you always lose . The computer is WAY more expirenced than a human will ever be , and it just degrades from the fun factor . So ignore the reviews that say it is so great . They are overexxagerating . My 8-year-old brother got bored with it in 3 hours .
 this is boring , do n't buy it or you will be sorry
 Video games have always been a big dispointment to me . In this game we have Mario and the gang going through silly mazes , races , and they even have sack racing ! I 've seen the previews for this game , and it looked very childish ! One of the lamest games since Sonic Adventure for Sega Dreamcast!Also , the characters in this game all walk , run , and bounce around like Teletubbies ! If you have a 5 or 6 year old he/she might like this one ! It 's for little kids to enjoy !
 This game does n't work , I bought it used ... it was packaged very well though ... We have a very upset son here ... I am letting you know so that you can test the games before you send them to other people ...
 If you are new to Mario party games , check out number 2 or 3 . This is fun to begin with but when you keep playing the same mini-games it gets a little boring . We rented this and and liked the concept but did n't enjoy it much but when Mario Party 2 came out and it stated it had more mini-games we bought that one and we really enjoyed it . We ca n't wait to get the 3rd one . No matter what game you go with expect to play for atleast an hour .
 Well this game isnt exactly the party it was cracked up to be ! Its just this board game type thing where you play against the computer or friends and when you all land on a space you play these mini-games , some of them are fun , some are pretty dumb -LRB- and some are absolutly impossible if you play against the computer , there like programed to do everything perfectly ! -RRB- Its terrible graphics also , doesnt look like a N64 game , more like a super nintendo game ! I suggest you rent it b4 you invest to buy it !
 How can I review this game when I was sent the WRONG DAMN GAME ?! How is it that I order The Sims 2 and instead get a damn Hardy Boys game for Nintendo DS ? It does n't make any sense at all !
 When i received my game in the mail it was the wrong product and after being promised it would be replaced they failed to do so .
 My wife bought this for my 1st grade daughter . I pointed out to the wife that it probably was not appropriate for her since it was rated T for Teen and had sexual content . I mentioned this on several occasions . Imagine my shock when I walked in and saw my daughter watching a naked couple frolicking in the sack . She tried to cover up the screen with her little hand and was embarrassed . I told her `` let 's go get Mom '' and when we returned the man had left the room , but the woman was in bed rubbing her privates . Again , NOT APPROPRIATE FOR KIDS !!!
 It freezes up in the creating family part of the game , ca n't even play it through on automatic play ... so disappointed . .
 I read all the information about `` Securom '' and how people who had their system -LRB- s -RRB- `` infected '' with this scheme often had to reinstall windows . In this case , at least , Securom prevented the sale of the product rather than anything else . Thanks to all who posted information regarding this .
 Sims 2 is an awesome innovative game that brings together many great elements of gaming which thousands of reviews cover in detail . Unfortunately ALL of these cool features will end up being worthless for Joe Gamer , after he spends hours building a Sim family only to have it crash on him . Does EA even test these games before releasing them . Aside from the crashes - which let 's face it are intollerable when it comes to gaming - the actual game play is buggy enough to be annoying . If you are into researching cheats online to fix errors , spending hours of time on projects only to lose the data , and overall frusteration , then this is the game for you . Nice try EA , but next time finish the project .
 Portions of the game would not function in Vista Home Premium and support answers are out of the question . Money down the tubes , in my opinion .
 This game was fun the first time I used it . But , you ca n't play it without putting the CD into the drive EACH time you want to use it . Too much bother . I bought it used , I 'm going to sell it .
 When the add says you can create your own puzzle it would make one think that you could create your own puzzle with your own clues ect . In actuality you can only change the shape of generated puzzles .
 Just got done with Scratches.The number one problem with this game is that it does n't really matter how hard you try to get through it without using a walkthrough , a walkthrough is essential . We spend hours going through the house , gardens , greenhouse , chapel , and crypt . We went over everything multiple times , tried everything in the inventory , retried , and still , no success . If you do n't click on the EXACT spot needed on an object it will not work , which makes for having to repeat your actions a thousand times.Also , every single time you figure out where to go next , and you use a key or solve a puzzle to open something , all you find is a new key that you do n't know where to use , or a new puzzle that you have no clue how to solve . This is no fun . There is zero flow to the game , it is one annoying thing after another.Almost all the time you spend playing is taken up with re-searching areas you have already gone over many times . It 's severely repetitive.The game will show an icon that makes you assume you can do something with an object or area , when you never end up doing anything on the object or area in the entire game ! We wasted a huge amount of time on this , thinking if we used everything in the inventory on the dang thing it would work , only to find out the object or area was unusable.The ending made NO SENSE . You go through a game thinking the ending will wrap things up , and the only thing this one did was confuse you . It had nothing at all to do with the storyline.Don ' t waste your time on Scratches , it 's nothing but a disappointment .
 I had a very hard time trying to keep myself playing this game , but my own mania kept me going . It wasnt fun.I have several other games , such as the much-ballyhood `` Oblivion '' , that were sitting on the shelf while I fulfilled this personal quest , to complete this game . Ive often done things to the end just as sort of a challenge , I may be obsessive compulsive in that manner I guess , but I set a goal that I would finish this game before I moved on to another . Like I said , it wasnt fun . Im glad it 's finally over.The game has probably two scary parts , and the atmosphere at first is quite creepy , you think youre going to see a shadow or reflection in a mirror or something when you least expect it . You dont . As a matter of fact , as time goes on , and you see the same places over and over again and know nothing scary is in store , it becomes quite boring like a chore . Tedious , I believe is the word . Very tedious.Click over the same things many times , nothing happens , then later something scripted happens when you do , as the previous poster said , your clicking and re-clicking everything . Over and over again , I just wanted to cry at one point when something I had done a zillion times suddenly worked , and I realized suddenly that EVERYTHING must be done a zillion times.This game wasnt good for my mental health , not so much that it scared me to such a state , but it truly made me want to rip the disc from the machine and throw it out the window . I like difficult games , this was not difficult but deceptive . This game doesnt play fair , and adventure games MUST play fair or one grows to hate them . I hate this game .
 Let me give you a REAL review . After reading all these reviews I 'm like oh wow this game sounds freaky !! I LOVE horror movies and being scared , so after reading these reviews I 'm like , `` This game sounds great . '' Boy was I WRONG !! What was scary about this game ? The scratching noises ?? They are only in the game a couple times and sound more like a hand saw sawing wood ... NOT creepy . The ending ? It was n't really scary and ended abruptly . If you understood the story they were trying to depict in your reading of the previous owners journals , your still left questioning the ending . I do n't know if they wanted you to interpret it yourself or planned on making a sequel , but it too was vague.Heres the scoop
 Do n't waste your money or your time . All you are doing in this game is walking around the house and the outlying building clicking on everything about a zillion times . Several times , I had the solution to a puzzle -LRB- if you can call them that -RRB- and was unable to solve it because I was n't clicking in the exact right location . Or I had n't read some inane , non-crucial piece of text that I was apparently supposed to read first . Very frustrating and not fun and not at all scary.The ending is abrupt , but welcome .
 The game was nice looking and sounding at first , but it soon grew quite tiresome . Aside the monotonous `` adventure '' of running around clicking every square centimeter of the place , the game has some technical issues , namely crashing to desktop several times a session . Sometimes before I 'd saved significant progress , or irritatingly enough , in mid-save . The scary ambience is timed out to hit you with some spooky moments and music , but they are few and far between . I started feeling like I was just making laps around some old , dirty , run-down house in the dark , clicking away on everything , over and over again . Find a new item ? Ok good , now it 's time to run around and tap on every surface in the entire house with it , just in case it can be `` used '' in one of these absolutely byzantine , nonsensical , and literally not feasible puzzles.It has some rather annoying puzzle methods which arent really puzzles in the traditional sense , being more the result of luck or as I said , just running around clicking every centimeter of the place , trying to trigger the next scripted event that is anything but satisfying or suprising , when it is seen coming a mile away and is the result of much annoyance . It 's absolutely tedious , and gave me several horrible headaches.Leave your logic at the door , just run around and click on everything , with everything in your inventory , over and over again , and youll eventuallly get through this `` adventure '' . Well , not exactly , for there are `` solved '' objectives of which you are not informed , come to find out you were supposed to go sleep to move the story along . Meanwhile , making laps around the entire house , over and over again , looking for the one miniscule pixel I didnt click . So remember to also run back up to your room and attempt to rest every ten minutes or so , just in case you trigger the end of that particular `` puzzle '' . I was happy at first when the outdoor environs were opened up to me , but this was soon turned to dismay when I realized the joke was on me , as I now had double or triple the area I had to run around and click every square millimeter of ! It 's absolutely maddening at times I tell you , and just not worth the time or effort in my opinion . One starts to feel that after the solving of a `` puzzle '' , you have to just basically search the entire house and grounds again , as I said earlier , clicking on anything and everything with everything in your inventory.The detection cursor is woefully inadequate and small , and with the spots of detection the size of a penny , found myself resorting unfortunately to reading a walkthrough . Suprisingly , I find out more times than none that I had already searched that very spot several times ! Again , this is canvassing the entire house over and over , clicking away like a madman , headache growing more instense as my `` adventure '' continues.The commentary I 've seen online seems to suggest that one should perhaps `` read a walkthrough as you play the game '' . I 'm sorry , I do not read walkthroughs as I play a game , that 's part of the experience is solving the thing myself , yet I find this to be nearly impossible , when the solutions are so utterly obscure , do not make sense , or you are not given vital information pertaining to such.The scary noises -LRB- which basically consist of some shuffling noise or other -RRB- are very infrequent , and they actually become quite annoying more than naything when they do actually occur . And a bigger suprise is the ambiguous ending , leaving very much up in the air and unexplained . This just stupefied me , it 's as if they are getting one final dig at you , and getting a big kick out of it . Ive played quite a few adventure games , and if you truly would like an `` adventure game '' worthy of the title , i would suggest the Syberia series for example , not this doldrum , repetitive affair that in the end feels like Martha Stewart 's ultimate `` tacky , dirty old house nightmare '' , not mine .
 NO activity with another being . You also have to find objects in the correct order -LRB- frustrating -RRB- . My wife and I really tried to like this but it was VERY tedious and slow . As for the gameplay and graphics , you 'd think this game was made in the 90 's .
 I 've played a lot of adventure games and this was one of the worst . There were things about the storyline that did n't make sense . Warning
 The name `` Scratches '' must refer to scratching ones head in disbelief at how annoying this game is . I had more fun reading the 40 reviews of this game on Amazon than actually playing this tedious thing . If you 've ever lost something like your glasses or car keys and you 've gone through your house a hundred times , getting more and more annoyed , fatigued and angry only to find the object you searching for exactly in a place you looked a hundred times . . that 's what playing this game is like . If that experience is like a fun game for you - please buy this game.I 'm a big fan of point-and-click type games and have played loads of them . All the atmospherics and graphics could n't turn this into a satisfying game . Like other reviewers point out , Scratches is non-intuitive and requires alot stupid repetitive actions and running around waiting for doors to open -LRB- yawn -RRB- to fill out the game play . In comparison , Barrow Hill , which I played right before playing Scratches , is a much better game of this scary/mystery genre . It 's creepy and atmospheric -LRB- yet humorous -RRB- and has lots of things to manipulate and hold on to . Although the puzzles in Barrow Hill are `` dumbed down '' they follow a logical course and a walk-through would only needed for the very impatient player . With Scratches a walk-through is the ONLY way to make sense of the game , not because it 's a brilliantly clever game , but because is the opposite of clever .
 The game was ok . I liked the spooky Victorian atmosphere . But I did n't feel like there was a lot going on in the game . There were some creepy moments but nothing to make you wet your pants . And I could n't get anywhere without getting an Internet walkthrough and I 've heard a lot of people say the same .
 First of all , this game was not from Jonathan Boakes , although it is in the style of Dark Fall and he does provide voice talent . Nucleosys is an Argentinean studio , and this is the first adventure game from Argentina.On the plus side , the graphics were exquisite , the house layout was easy to navigate , and there is an interesting -LRB- albeit underdeveloped -RRB- option to turn on hints.Overall , it 's clear that Nucleosys has the potential to do some really great adventure games . This is n't one of them , though . There were enough bright spots of cleverness to give me hope for the next Nucleosys game , but many of the puzzles were incredibly non-intuitive . If you can finish this game without resorting to walkthroughs , then I congratulate you.Also , the story was weak . The only goal of the first part of the game was trying -- ultimately unsuccessfully , mind you -- to turn on the electricity . None of it was scary , and some of the plot twists were tired -LRB- please , can we not have any more exotic african curses ? -RRB- I can never find enough games like Dark Fall and Syberia , so I recommend Scratches as adequate entertainment until the next really good one comes out . Maybe it 'll come from Nucleosys ... ?
 My daughter and I played this game and if it was n't for her persistence I would have quit it . We had to look up a walkthrough and had to use it several times . There is no way you could have figured out a few of the `` actions '' you had to take using your inventory . The game did n't guide you , but left you wandering around alot . We played it through to the end and I wanted to tell you ... study the medical clues and the drawings . There is more to the story than the curse and insanity . Look closely at those vials and what they imply . If you want a good game , play `` Amber , Journey Beyond . '' `` Scratches '' was a disappointment compared to playing this game .
 I really hate this game . I had great expectations from other reviews , but I must be very different from those people . It seemed to take forever & two days to load and I have Vista . Then I had no clue as how to play this awful game as there were no directions on the game . Waste of time & money .
 I want to start by saying that I am avid adventure gamer . I have been playing adventure games all of my life and I was really looking forward to playing this seemingly scary and exciting game . I was horribly mistaken . The game is nothing like what it is advertised to be . Yeah , you hear scratches once , MAYBE twice throughout the entire game . There is no tension and the only reason to keep playing it is in the hopes that something MUST happen eventually . All you end up doing is running around trying to find an object that you must have overlooked because you ca n't get into ANYTHING and it seems that there is nothing to do . At points , the game really turns into a pixel hunt and becomes increasingly frustrating the more you progress through the game . Despite your aggravation , if you make it to the end , the ridiculous ending if enough to make you scream from the ridiculousness of it . It is n't in any way creative , scary , or even mildly entertaining . I can honestly say that I have not played many games that have disappointed me as much as this one . It truly is a waste of time .
 I feel misled by the positive reviews . I like adventure games when they are not all based on finding the right pixel to click on and when they are not soporific . Unfortunately , this is both . Frankly , it seems as if I 'm back in the early ' 90 's playing 7th Guest . The graphics are utterly disappointing , and very , very static . You constantly run into doors that all look the same and most of them are locked . The music is eerie , but so what . It seems there 's nothing to do but open drawers , find `` useless junk '' or yet `` another old tarnished candelabrum '' , or not very mysterious clues , or , at best , endless verbose journals that refer to a `` terror '' that is `` almost indescribable . '' Lots of British accents , some better than others , could n't keep me awake .
 I have to agree with many of the other reviewers that the one word that describes this game is `` tedious . '' Also , it is about as frightening as a Bugs Bunny cartoon . Have you ever read a book where you keep thinking , `` this has got to get better , '' but is never does and the ending leaves you thinking , `` huh , what was that all about ? '' That , in essence , is this game.To be fair , some may enjoy this game and to give you perspective , games that I liked are
 I bought this game hoping to be creeped out , but maybe I 've seen a few too many horror movies . Fans of the `` Myst '' series will probably enjoy this , but I found it tedious , tiresome , non-intuitive and not creepy at all.I will admit that I have a short attention span and maybe have n't played enough of these 1st-person adventure puzzle-solvers , but I felt like I wasted a few evenings with this game , and all I did was walk around the house opening doors and drawers , and looking at various photographs and meaningless journal entries and the like.Once I had explored the house and the grounds , opened every drawer I could find and picked up everything I could lay my hands on , I was at a standstill and eventually had to resort to internet walkthroughs just to figure out what the hell I was supposed to do.As I said , maybe I have n't played enough of these types of games , but the things I learned on the internet walkthroughs I NEVER would have come up with on my own . The game thread is NOT INTUITIVE . There are specific examples I would mention , but do n't want to put spoilers up for those who might actually enjoy this snoozer.Others might enjoy unlocking the `` dark secrets '' of this adventure game , but I just could n't get into it .
 I am very upset that I counted down the days for this game to come out ... even the extra days since the release was delayed more than once . I found it very boring . I felt myself getting scared a couple of times only because the game was hyped up to be `` so scary '' . It was just BORING . Not only were there not 14 bazillion annoying slider puzzles , there were NO puzzles , at all . Yeah , I mean , you had to figure out what to do with the basic items in your inventory but it was usually pretty obvious . This was one of those games where you walk around to everything again and again only to find out there is some silly little trigger that you hit but not in just the right spot . I kept waiting for SOMETHING , ANYTHING to happen but it just did n't . And wow did I get sick of looking at every painting in the place thinking I might have to for some reason.On the other hand , the scenery is pretty cool and it is very easy to move around the house and the grounds . It is a bit eerie but no need to think you ca n't play it alone , nothing jumps out of corners or anything.And as is common in this genre , the ending sucked . You are left to use your imagination but do n't know if you are right or wrong.Overall , I was extremely disappointed and hope I get most of my money back on this when I sell it on ebay !
 The best games of this type immerse us in a world that requires to think in ways other than the usual linear mode we often use . This game does n't do that . There is seldom any involvement with puzzles other than finding the various items scattered around the game and then combining them with something else that is usually obvious ... or annoyingly otherwise.This game fails most of all at plot . It would have been so much better if it had settled on one batch of gimmicks instead of mixing two together that do n't add up -- sometimes you got ta pick is it gon na be African tribal black magic or is it gon na be creepy sociopathic behaviour that drives the story ... maybe with considerable skill , you could try to work with both but the builder of this games plot does n't have what it takes.In the end , despite the often impressive visuals , it falls apart.Its impossible not to be reminded of the first Resident Evil game which has set the standard incredibly high for any game that wants to put a lone character in a creepy old mansion and then have ever stranger events unfold around that character . If you 're going to play on that field , you had better have brought your big girl pants . Too bad the makers of `` Scratches '' did n't give us the stuff.This game will be forgotten quickly I think .
 The image on the product view is n't accurate . Is not the same item that you receive when you see it . Also , it has a strap that brokens so easily , with normal use . Do n't buy this .
 The picture above shows only grey , black and blue for color choices . I have two boys , and even though I stated that when ordering , i recieved two pink cases.We called and they told us that there was no way to ensure we got the right color.So , after all the excitement , I now have to find something different for my children to use to carry their units and games in our upcoming move from Italy back to the States.This is very displeasing.So , only order if you TRUELY do n't care what color you recieve ... becasue it may not be one shown .
 When they say that they pick the color at random they mean it . I ordered one for my son and they sent a pink carrying case . On a positive note , when I called they were very kind and promised to send me a `` boy '' color
 These are NOT `` we pick the color '' ... they are sending ONLY PINK cases ~
 These wireless headphones were easy to install and use but have too much static and are easily blocked so if you even try to adjust them on your ears , you can lose reception for a few seconds . I also do n't like the behind the head construction . I would n't buy them again . I have a pair of wireless headphones I can use with my PC that work much better , with much nicer sound quality and range .
 well it says it works with nintendo but nintendo has its own mics and i was just wondering if this works as the haedbanger for CAll of duty BLACK OPS AND CONDUIT 2 ?
 the w3 are only $ 20 bucks and thats why they are so bad . the infrared connection really mess the headphones u. the connection keeps dropping.i wouldnt reccomend these headphones .
 Bought as a gift but on receipt find we have a gamer set of headphones , I wanted something more for use on a home TV or such to keep from disturbing a parent or whomever . So it sits UNOPENED . No idea what its fidelity is , I already have 2 conventional but wired headphones ... SOIs this THING suitable for halfway decent autio ? Or games only , ie BANG CRASH SHAZAM KILL KILL KILL and EXPLOSION right or left probably is not enouogh fidelity ... Yeah Maybe a refund WOULD be nice!L
 Pro : Works Ok.Cons : Some noise.Headphone is a bit to small for an adult head.The entire product is built very cheaply.Would have hurt the vendor to use a thicker gauge wire in the audio jacks ?
 I bought this because I like to play my games at night and still be able to hear them without the rest of the family having to put up with the music and sound effects . These work but I think they are more designed for children with the way the headset wraps around the ear . If I am wearing these for more than an hour they begin to hurt my ears from the uncomfortable plastic applying pressure on my ears . I have since given these to my 9 year old daughter and placing an order for the model that has cushioned ear support and the strapping is designed to go on top of your head instead of going behind your neck .
 Maybe it 's me , but the description said this was for Game Boy Advance SP/Nintendo DS . Well , it does n't fit .
 We have the Nintendo DS , that came out before the DS Lite . This charger does not work with it at all . I do n't know what kind of other DS there is besides the DS , DS lite , and DSi , that this charger is supposed to work for , but it definitely does NOT work with the Nintendo DS .
 ** This charger does not work with DS Lite ** I did not read the last review , so had to find out the hard way that the charger I had bought does NOT work with the Nintendo DS Lite . I highly recommend the seller re-wording your title to read `` Nintendo DS '' -LRB- not DS lite -RRB- so that no one else makes the same mistake . It is a bit misleading IMHO . I guess I should know if there is a difference between DS and DS Lite , but this was a gift for my daughter , and I am not gaming savvy enough to know the difference !
 This charger is certainly not for the Nintendo DS !!! What a waste of time & money . Would spend more shipping it back.Do Not order for the DS !!
 The description says it works for Nintendo DS and it does not . Not even close to the same port size .
 I do n't usually take the time to review purchases but it 's frustrating to purchase something that is described as being compatible with Nintendo DS , give it as part of a gift and find out that it 's not . I did n't pay much for this so it would cost more to return it , which makes me feel like that was part of the marketing plan here . It would be nice if this seller stated specifically which Nintendo game systems this actually works for .
 I have n't played the collectible card game for FMA . I 'm not even sure that one exists . If it does , perhaps people who are used to that game and have mastered its intricacies will get some enjoyment out of this DS game.I spent 30 minutes going through the tutorials , played through the first fight in another 30 , then ejected it in disgust and tossed it in the pile of games to sell used.The game is complex and quite difficult to learn , with the manual and software tutorials not helping much at all . Sometimes , a complex play system can be rewarding and fun to learn and master . In this case , it feels like arbitrary self-punishment . The controls are chaotically organized -LRB- L1 lets you view the details of the cards . R1 passes . Do n't hit R1 on accident -RRB- and the card display only lets you see about a sixth of the ` table ' at a time.Given a choice between having to play this game for two more hours or having to do a hundred pushups in a single day , even the biggest FMA fan would probably opt for the pushups so that they could get back to spending time with the actual FMA story on print , video , or perhaps via any of the other and vastly superior video games.Don ' t buy this game , and do n't let your friends buy it .
 All three Buster Bros. games , Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo and Block Block . They 're all great games , but unfortunately they 're almost impossible to enjoy ; the game has serious problems with the PSP 's firmware updates . After updating to 3.52 , Puzzle Fighter would shut down my PSP at seemingly random intervals , and Buster Bros. refused to start at all ; the game would just freeze at the loading screen . Things only got worse when I downloaded 3.71 - attempting to quit out of any of the games just hangs it at the loading screen . I could n't even quit back to the PSP 's menu via the Home key as the system would simply freeze.So while this is a great collection of games , it does n't make a bit of difference if you ca n't even play them reliably . I ca n't recommend this one .
 I guess I thought the the title
 Game does not have tetris . I read a review that said it did . My fault i should have read into this product more .
 I have personally owned two of these controllers , and my brother has owned one . Of these three , only one of them is still functioning normally . As for the other two , the turbo is stuck in the on position on one -LRB- numerous attempts to remedy this have failed -RRB- and the `` A '' button sticks on the other.If this controller does not break on you , it is actually quite nice . The grips are comfortable , and the size is excellent for adults . The trick is finding one that will not break .
 Do n't waste your money . Bought two for Gamecube games on Wii . Within weeks both controllers exhibited odd behavior , one has your character continuously running to the left , and the other tends to run up . Smacking the controller around a bit seems to help . Finally decided to email manufacturer , but warranty ended , so they referred me to the merchant . Not the merchant 's problem .
 When figuring out how to get the controller working is the hardest part of the game it is time to get a new controller . Does n't work , stops working , goes to sleep . Makes playing the game difficult and unnecessarily frustrating.Cannot recommend this controller to anyone .
 Do not buy this controller . IT does not work ! I would not recommend this to anyone . We ended up having to purchase a controller with a cord/connection to the Wii directly .
 I purchased this to replace a Game Cube wired controller that my son borrows from the neighbors to play Mario Bros. . Smash Brawl . He likes this style over the Wii controllers for this particular game . I tried and tried to get it to sync with the Wii and have yet to do so . I am in the process of sending it back to Amazon , they were nice enough to issue me an RMA . I received no help from dreamgear folks until after 3 or 4 harsh emails at which point they said '' just press the sync buttons and when the lights stop flashing you 're done '' . I explained to them that I had been doing that for several weeks with no luck . Save your money and buy a different brand if you 're hooking it to a Wii .
 My son droped it on the floor 1 time and now it is no good
 This was a waste of time and money . I was embarrased and disappointed . I bought this stupid thing for my godson on his birthday and he could n't even enjoy it does not work with the Wii . Some buttons worked and others did not . If its not for the Wii , then do n't say it is .
 I purchased the Wii i.Glow Wireless controller for my husband to use on our Wii . However , the title as Wii wireless controller was misleading . I did n't realize it was only for Game Cube games . I would return it if I still had the packaging .
 This controller only works with gamecube games . I wish I had known that when I bought it . It is very misleading when it says `` made for wii '' . Also , it 's a bad product in general . The paint looks and feels horrible , it looks like it would chip off with light use . Also the unit that plugs into the wii is incredibly loud . Wish I had n't opened these when I got them .
 This is not a classic style controller for your WII games . Merely another way to sell a wireless game cube controller . It is not compatible with WII games . It will work with game cube games on the WII . I 'm going to see if I can get my money back . Bad advertising .
 When I got these headphones I was hoping for clarity and at least some range of volume within the headphones , but the sound is somewhat muted and I have to wiggle the jack where it connects to the DS in order to get sound in both ear pieces . It could be just something with my DS , but I do n't think so.Also , I got the primarily so I could do the vocal testing in Brain Age 2 , but it still can not pick up my voice . The mike does work with Brain Age 1 , so it could just be that game.I 'm going to try the Nintendo bran next . If that fail , I 'll just use my mp3 headphones and just do n't worry about the Brain Age vocal tests.Let down .
 Using this device on my Nintendo DS disabled or otherwise made cease-to-function the external microphone of my DS and even the boom mic failed -- in the first 10 minutes of use . I saw this written about in some reviews from 2007 and early 2008 , but I had seen several other very positive reviews since then . Here at the end of 2009 , I just did not expect there to be a problem . I am hoping that Nintendo will repair for free.I do n't know why some people had good experiences and others did not , but if you plug this into your DS , it 's like Russian Roulette.I power-cycled . I removed the battery and did a full system reset . It did n't help.My DS is now deaf . Games that require voice commands or any audible response from the user are now unplayable.Do not buy this . Do not plug this into your DS .
 This is Mom writing . I would n't recommend this product . My daughter was 8 when she received this last Christmas . It broke in September in 2 places . A microphone geared to the use this one demands should be able to stand up to the use . The `` flexible '' mic arm wire broke in two places - by the ear and the mic end where it connects . This to me in a design flaw , not from overuse from a child who is sitting down while using it . She did store it in her big DS carrying case , which may have contributed to this , but the headset/microphone is made to make it quiet to use her DS , right ? - makeing it a necessity to travel with and again , it could n't stand up to that type of use . I would n't recommend this unless it will hand on a wall and the flexable mike arm is never flexed as it is intended to be .
 Like some of the others , this product blew my daughters ' microphones , too , only we could n't get them repaired . The boom gave out fairly quickly , too , due to poor design . VERY disappointed .
 I have Brain Age 2 for the Nintendo DS Lite which worked perfectly with the microphone until I plugged in these headphones . Since plugging in the headphones the voice recognition does not work , with or without the headphones being plugged in . When the makers of the headphones , Turtle Beach , was contacted with the problem I was told , `` Sorry we are not liable for other products '' .
 The bad reviews for this product were absolutely correct . Do not plug these into your DS Lite or DSI or you will more than likely blow the built in mic under the screen . The built in mic under the screen on my daughters DSI no longer works after having used these headphones . All 3 of these headphones we purchased did n't last long anyway as they are very easily broken , with both ear pieces and the mic boom breaking in a very short time .
 `` Very good headphone daddy ... '' this was my daughter 's elating outburst on first trial and I even got a thank you from her after purchasing this and other packs as her birthday present.That , unfortunately , quickly turned into dissappointment , when all of a sudden the sound started distorting and eventually died ! Can not repair it because the break was by the plug to the Nintendo DS plug!Definitely was a good product as I listened to some of the music on my daughter 's games and was impressed but only foro a short time which was annoying part . Unfortunately can not return back to the US for exchange , I am 6,000 miles away !
 Sorry Turtle Beach but your headphones blow the mic in the Nintendo DS Lite !!! We have three DS 's in our house . One for me , one for my son one for my daughter . I purchased the kids a black and a pink pair of these earphones for their DS 's . The earphones work great , sound great and the mic is fantastic , HOWEVER , try your DS mic without the headphones after you use these a couple of times , it 's shot ! We blew all three mics , sent all three in for repair but it was n't until my niece used the headphones on hers and her mic blew that I made the connection.BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK , TURTLE BAY WILL NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DAMAGE !
 I have to agree with all the other poor reviews . My son is not happy with the microphone . After a few times it does not sit by his face right and he has also had connection problems .
 I had been looking everywhere for a different headphone from the ones that Nintendo themselves actually put out for the DS . I have 2 pairs of these headphones from them to go with my two DS 's . I have one by my bed and one in the bathroom . Anyway , to get back to the subject ... The `` other '' headphones have to be `` wrapped '' over each ear and there is no adjustment for ear or head size and NO microphone either . When you need to talk to someone in another room , you need to completely take these ear buds off and then proceed to what I think is a hassle to put them back on . So , I had been looking for months for headphones like these from Turtle Beach . The fact that the pink does n't exactly match the DS itself is not a problem ... it may be off by a slight shade of pink . But ... these headphones are awesome !!! Easy to take off , put on -LRB- the right ear side has an `` R '' on it -RRB- , and the fact that the microphone is `` right there '' in front of your mouth is an added bonus . I have breathing problems and I could n't use my breath well enough to blow into the DS 's mike . Now I can because the microphone is right there in front of my mouth . I want to thank Turtle Beach immensely for these wonderful headphones . I am now going back to order a second pair for my other DS system ! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________ ******************************************************************************************************************************************************* EDIT * ON 12/26/12 Rather than delete the above thread , I changed the stars and the title for this review . I 'm not sure what system is good for these headphones , but they `` blew out '' the use of my microphone in 2-3 of my DS systems . Now I do n't have the use of the microphone needed for some of my games . I still have a brand new headset , still-wrapped , that will be going in the trash later . Unfortunately , it is too late to return !
 This is not what it says it is . I received the first one and it did not have the memory card with it . When I got the replacement , it also did not have the memory card with it . Do not buy this item if you expecting it to have the memory card with it .
 I received one and it did not have the memory card with it . Do not buy this item if you expecting it to have the memory card with it .
 I ordered the -LRB- 13 -RRB- PSP Mega Memory Pack , only after opening it and not seeing the memory card I realised the box said -LRB- 12 -RRB- PSP Mega Memory pack . I know I should have checked the merchandise before I opened it , but I usually get better service from Amazon . Please do not make this sort of mistake again . I was somewhat dissappointed this time . However this does not negate all the excellent service I have received in the past and I look foward to continued good dealings for the furture.Respectfully , Herold .
 I used to work for Amazon.com I worked in their warehouse . They get stuff stolen all the time . If you buy this from here and it does not have a memory card . There is your answer . I would not buy this item from here just because there is a good chance it wont be in it . other than that great site
 The game was too scratched and did n't work . It kept freezing . We bought the stuff to fix scratched DVD 's , but it did n't work . A complete waste of money .
 It came fast , and everything was there . However the game itself is n't good . It 's hard to beat , and when you die you have to start the level all over again . And you ca n't save the game in between . I would n't recommend it .
 I really wanted to give this game an opportunity to please me , and for the first two minutes it was mildly amusing.Like all other xbox 360 exclusive games , it eventually proved to be another unfinished piece of highly detailed garbage.The game is obviously not finished because of how pathetic the plot line is . According to the back of the case and not any of the characters within the game , you choose a good side or an evil side to go on a quest to obtain the stone of union . Initially you can only choose one character , every playable character in the game only has the ability to play in their own very brief story mode . There are seven playable characters , who each lack the ability to earn any kind of empathy from the player . The story line apparently wants you to empathise with them however.While playing , you 'll notice that your character has a variety of moves that improve in combo length and strength as you gain experience and level up . You 'll also notice that these complex combonation attacks do n't do very much to your enemies since they magically become invincible while they 're reeling back in pain from your initial attacks . While your more powerful enemies leave themselves open to attack by preparing a strong charge attack , you can not hurt them in any way since it 's more important to microsoft game studios that you regret investing sixty dollars into their company.Many people will notice how this game functions like a very popular game legacy known as `` Dynasty Warriors '' . Indeed it is somewhat like Dynasty Warriors in how you hack and slash through hordes of enemies , charging an eventual high power attack while doing so , moving closer and closer to a high profile enemy who you 'll have to chop away at in order to defeat . A big difference is that this is 2006 , and if you 're going to rip off Dynasty Warriors then you may as well rip off the most current version of it and learn from the mistakes of previous versions . This game is as slow and dull as Dynasty Warriors 3 is to someone who 's played Dynasty Warriors 5 . The characters become more and more idiotic as you play , one in particular is beyond the definition of idiot . Eventually you 'll play as a female magician who shoots small jets of water at her enemies , and those jets of water kill your enemies . She wo n't shoot them directly at the enemy if the enemy is slightly left or right of her line of sight , she 'll instead shoot directly at the ground . Someone at microsoft game studios made that decision , that you should be playing a sixty dollar game where a character in that game responds to the attack button by shooting at the damn ground while enemies are directly in front of her preparing their attacks.In this game if a boulder comes rolling down a hill , misses you and comes to rest at the bottom of the hill , it 's still considered a fast rolling boulder to the game . Walk into it , and you fly back in pain as though you 've just been struck.In this game if you 're in the middle of a horde of enemies slashing away and a cutscene occurs , you stop but your enemies do n't . You will watch yourself standing there like a dumbass for a few seconds before the 360 crunches numbers trying to load up the five second cutscene , and then see your character getting smacked back and forth by the enemies that were surrounding your character.In this game you can find and equip all the defense boosting acccessories you want , and still get killed in at the most five hits by one of the signature enemies . Combine that reality with the fact that they can declare themselves invincible simply by preparing a laggy charge attack and then add in the fact that you 'll play some levels for an hour only to get slaughtered so easily , and you 'll realize why this game can be very irratating indeed.Another obvious way to tell that this game is unfinished is the fact that throughout the game you encounter characters with unique abilities , and pathetic input into the sorry excuse for a story line . Most of these characters are not playable , though you know that they were originally intended to be . Obviously microsoft decided to wrap this one up early , while assuming that the quality of the cutscenes will over shadow the lack of quality in the actual game play.This , like all other xbox 360 exclusive games I 've ever purchased , is going right back to the gamestop I bought it from . I do n't ask for refunds or trade-ins , I just give it back to them.I 'm begging microsoft to finish their games from now on , I really honestly want the xbox 360 to do well in the video game market .
 This game had a lot of promise . Decent graphics -LRB- though the mouth movements were a bit wonky -RRB- , some amazing visuals , and an insanely gratifying fighting style . You fight hundreds of enemies at once , and the game makes you feel like a god as you slaughter hundreds upon hundreds of little minions.The voice acting was n't the greatest , but then , it did n't suck either.The thing is , the game seems unfinished . You go through these half-hour levels , almost dying a few times , then have to fight two huge fights in a row . With NO SAVE POINTS . Redoing the same mission two or three times is fine , but after that , it 's just redundant . They REALLY needed save points with this game . After battling through hordes of goblins , a giant frog army , and dying just before I beat the Goblin King , I gave up ... after trying about six times . It 's just way too aggravating to put up with the huge levels . If you 're someone who can deal with that , you still might like it.The other annoyance is that the game provides you with armies . You get both right and left flanks , and you can choose whether you want heavy infantry , archers , etc. . You can put them on attack or defense modes , but it does n't matter - they do not help you whatsoever . They 're pretty much decoys . I ended up having them always on defense , so I could hide in the middle of them . Then I 'd spiral around all the enemies , taking off those on the outside and working my way into the center so I was n't attacked on all sides at once.The epic battles are a wonderful idea . The storyline , or what I was able to get out of it , was quite weak , but still not horrible . After playing through the game once with one character , you could then go back and replay with about five other characters . You end up repeating a lot of the same stuff , just from the slightly altered viewpoint of the other character.I just think this game was fun for awhile , but having no save points was a MAJOR FLAW ... since I could n't even stand to keep playing because , like I said , after your hundredth almost-beat-it-but-then-dying-right-at-the-end episode , it 's just aggravating.Good concept , but in dire need of huge improvements . If you have a lot of patience or are amazingly gifted at NOT dying in games , rent it . But do n't buy it before you try it first .
 Hacking and slashing , along with a bit of strategy , was the name of the game in Phantagram 's last projects , the somewhat popular Xbox games Kingdom Under Fire and Kingdom Under Fire
 For the first few minutes , this game is great . It 's basically just large scale battles . Which is fun , but it gets boring after a while . Also , I do n't like how the saving works in the game . You can only save after a mission , and the missions take a while . So , if you die towards the end of a mission , you have to start it all over from the beginning.Pros : - Pretty good visuals-Easy gameplayCons : - Gets pretty boring , pretty quick-Saving sucks-Missions are longOverall , I give this game about 2.5 / 5 .
 I have to admit that this game is impressive from a technological standpoint . It 's truly amazing to see so many characters on screen at once with barely any slowdown . There 's a level of mayhem to this game that 's quite enjoyable but it gets old kind of fast . The gimmick of being able to throw yourself headfirst into hundreds of charging enemies and dispatching all of them in explosive battles is fun for a bit but it 's all kind of repetitive . The controls are responsive but make no mistake , this game rewards button mashing like few others . Any combination of buttons will give you fancy results and combos ranging in the thousands . Graphics are pretty nice and the sound is well done also but the game seems to be lacking something due to its incredibly simple button mashing roots . The A.I. in this game is pretty bad . It 's not uncommon to see enemy soldiers mingling about with your own soldiers who are n't doing a thing to stop them . I also found that giving my squad orders seemed to be useless and ineffective due to the limited amount of choices I was given . There 's some character customization , limited to inventory management . The cut scenes are nice but the dubbed English is absolutely horrendous as expected . The story makes little sense and in the end , what you 're left with is a game that is a button masher of the highest order that 's little more than eye candy .
 I bought this in store at full price and I 'm sad to say I wish I would of looked up reviews on it first and paid for a used copy . The graphics are lovely but for me personally it is n't my game . Plain and simple it 's a button smashing game . The story is the same throughout the whole game but with different characters . And there 's about 6-7 characters to boot . After the second or third time through I wanted to skip the cutscenes . As you pass through the characters , they get weaker . The last two are extreme pains and I ended up having to do some major leveling up to actually win them . As other people have mentioned , the saving SUCKS.If you want some easy gamer points , and over all a not to much time consuming game . I 'd recomend it . Otherwise stay clear and looks for number two in hopes of it being a bit better .
 Graphics are good but game play was not what I was looking for , battles seemed to lack a direction and quickly become repetitive .
 loves yalls fast delivery , all my games work but Ninety-Nine Nights asking if i can return it and get the one that works , not mad just wanted to play Ninety-Nine Nights
 Like the review title says ... To me this was a button masher with little to zero redeeming qualities in the actual game play . I would repeatedly get stuck fighting -LRB- read
 I bought this game at my local gamestop store and also one of the game stop staff members recommended it for me because he said it was alot of fun and that game blew him away . I wanted a 360 game similar to god of war -LRB- forget conan -RRB- . I first played this game I highly enjoyed it I was addicted to it with the whole 1 against hundreds of enemies forget your own army of people their a huge lack of help to you.Until I reached the last level 6 I have been playing and playing and playing trying to beat the impossible powerful goblins and bigger enemies I even tried my other weapons and the upgrades I recieved but still I lose and start all the way from where the level 6 started and I just gave up and had 2 days to return this for a full refund and I just took it back.I really wanted to love and enjoy this game but I could n't . Maybe I was doing something wrong and thats why I could n't beat that level but sometimes I regret taking this game back.Overall pretty decent game with outstanding graphics and very fun to play .
 I bought this game and have tried everything to get it to run.It constanly kicks me out of the game when it switches from opening sceen -LRB- Angie is watching the news -RRB- and when it switches over to FBI . I made sure I had the latest drivers for my video and audio . I have downloaded the latest patch from Whiptail Interactive , which does not support this product . They instead give you an Email address to the developers over in Europe . I am still waiting to hear back from them.I have more then the minimum requirements -LRB- 3 GHz , 1 G RAM , ATI Radeon 9800 Pro -RRB- I have never had a game perform this badly and the lack of support is appalling .
 Bugs , bugs , bugs ... This game is loaded with them . The graphics are terrible - awful clipping problems . Every 10 minutes the game would crash , BOOM ! No fun at all.Don ' t buy this waste of code . .
 Just read the other comments of this game . `` Locked up every time that I tried to run it ! '' Now I 'm the one to diss because of graphics but man , this was just the worst ...
 I am suprised to see that ANYONE could even get to the opening screen on this piece of junk . All this thing does is crash . I have tried unsuccessfully to give it away over seven -LCB- 7 -RCB- times each time it returns with another reason ; i.e. my antivirus thought it was malware , it hung with pulling the plug on the machine to unfreeze it , etc. it was n't worth the 3 bucks i paid for it at Big Lots . Nice box art though . ha !
 I love 1st person shooters , but this is easily the most amateurish , poorly executed game I have ever played . It has unbelievably bad graphics , laughably substandard character movements , awful voice acting , boring and unrealistic action sequences , dreadful sound , appallingly bad movie cut scenes , inferior weapon realism , totally unpolished game play , a buggy game engine , etc , etc. . Gamers might have been quite amazed at Phychotoxic 12 years ago -LRB- I.E.
 The cable was decent but generic , which is the same cable selling for much less here and on Ebay . So 2 stars its good but not as good as the pictured cable . They made too much money , I was willing to pay more for the pictured cable not the one I got which could have been had for half this price shipped .
 Do n't buy this game . It makes no sense whatsoever , the graphics are awful , and it is too easy . I beat it in one hour ! Gameplay is short , and it results in getting you stumped . What I said is ... Why did I buy this game ? I am not putting it up for sale because I do n't want people to endure how painful this game is !
 I bought this and expected to make a web page and the program wo n't do anything . It 's difficult to understand and use . It was a wasted purchase . Do n't waste your money , get another program .
 The firstSuper Monkey Ballwas a surprisingly fun game.Super Monkey Ball 2was an even better follow-up , with bigger , faster levels and more party games . With such a good track record , I picked up SMB Adventure the day it came out . I wish I had n't . The idea behind Adventure is , on the surface , a good one
 Super Monkey Ball Adventure diverges from the previous games in that its main focus is the story mode , which , unlike the other games , does n't consist of completing levels . In this game , you are in a world where you basically wander around completing menial tasks in an attempt to earn enough bananas to release the mini games.That said , the mini and party games are a huge disappointment when compared to the previous games from Super Monkey Ball and Super Monkey Ball Two . If you loved Monkey Target , you will be sorely disappointed with this version , which takes an eternity to load in between rounds and does n't feature the same challenges that Super Monkey Ball offered . It 's very easy , but incredibly lame . To make things worse , you can only play four rounds max , as opposed to fifteen rounds with the first Monkey Target.I bought this version because my sons and I really enjoyed Monkey Ball one and two , and I expected this to be similar . However , I have since learned that a different developer is responsible for Super Monkey Ball Adventure , and it is painfully obvious . The story mode lacks imagination , the challenge mode is incredibly difficult for young players , and the party games are simplistic at best . Save your money and stick to the first two games in this series .
 This game was a huge letdown . I bought it on release date , having spent hours enjoying the previous monkey ball releases . I thought it also looked cool that you could fly and jump in this game , but there is nothing cool or fun about this game . Please save your money for something else . I am hoping the Wii Banana Blitz is better . This game sucks . It sucks because you have to play through the lame story mode to unlock the party games . It sucks because of the horrendous loading times . It sucks because the timed stages get very difficult very quickly , where the others in the series had a progression to the more difficult stages . And , it sucks , because that is the sound that is made when you realize that you wasted $ 50 on a really horrible game .
 This game SUCKS . Here 's why : STORY 3/5 - The story is the best this game has to offer , and it 's not that great . You play as AiAi and your duty is to find out what 's wrong with the kingdom and to find a lost prince and princess . That 's it.GAMEPLAY 2/5 - The first problem you 'll notice are bad camera controls and excessive loading screens . You do n't really get an idea of where you need to go and you end up lost doing random pointless missions.MULTIPLAYER 1/5 - A total disgrace to the Monkey Ball name . The great Monkey Race is reduced to garbage . You wont find any colorful stages with a sense of balance . They look like someone just doodled lines and decides that was going to be the track . Monkey Target is even worse !! Every mini game will give you 30 second loading screens between each round . You end up spending half of your entire match looking at the loading screen .
 Super Monkey Ball adventure takes the series from incredibly addictive to horrible frustrating crap ! I was highly disappointed with this game . This is an insult to all the fans of the series ! I quit playing it the day I got it . Before I get into the horrific gameplay , let me just say that in the first two games , the graphics and sound were passable . Now , the graphics are poor and the sound , ugh ! If you 're smart , you 'll mute the game while playing it -LRB- Not that you should buy or play it anyway ! -RRB- . Now the gameplay , frustrating , miserable to play ! The levels are uninspired , and nearly impossible to complete . Do n't buy , rent , or play this game , it would not be a wise decision!Presentation - 49/100Graphics - 50/100Sound - 22/100Gameplay - 11/100Replay Value - 11.5 / 100Overall - 13.5 / 100
 i loved the first monkey ball , so i rented this and i hated it ! I do n't usually hate anything , but this game is very hard and VERY annoying ! you have to read a lot and it is a PLATFORMER ! platformers are usually good , but the combination of monkey ball and a 3d adventure is not good . well , they 're all 3d , but this is just horrible . and the announcer guy sounds like he 's on crack.if you liked the first monkey ball - get the second one - do n't get adventure ! unless you like to break you videogames !
 I got this because I loved the other two monkeyball games and I thought this would be even better . But this one is completely different from the other two . It was done by a different developer and that 's the main reason . In the main game -LRB- story mode -RRB- , you do a lot of exploring and helping the other characters , which can be fun , but gets boring . And , instead of the different tracks being the main part of the game , they are just kind of a side quest . The party games are fun , but a little confusing . I really regret buying this ... if you can , definitely try it before you buy it !
 My kids -LRB- 7 and 5 -RRB- have other flavors of the Spongebob games and typically they have been able to play those games for weeks before they reach the end . We purchased the Creature from the Krusty Krab game thinking we would have similar results , but to my surprise they finished the entire game the first weekend they had it . It was n't nearly challenging enough for a 5 year old .
 This game is for kids . Little little kids . They would enjoy it , and the fact that it is no challenge at all . Too bad , because i actually like the other SB games i 've played .
 BAD NEWS . The game arrived looking new , without scratches , but it does not work AT ALL . I would like a full refund . And how can we rate an item that does n't play ?
 This game has a lot of promise . It has really inovative game play , somewhere in between an rpg and a city builder . The problem is , I have n't been able to get beyond the survival gameplay aspects , in this game because ... IT DOES NOT COME WITH A MANUAL , AND THE TUTORIAL IS WORTHLESS!Yes , that 's right . And believe me , a game like this is far from self-explanitory . Even after struggling around with it for days , I still have no idea how to play . The quickstart guide that comes with it gives a link to a pdf version of the manual , but the file does n't work , and there are virtually no FAQs on the internet about the game.So I 've about had it with this version of Europa . Do n't buy it unless you know you can somehow find an illusive full manual . I could n't .
 If someone likes playing games where the darkness is the main challenge - then this is definitely one of those games.Final Scene was hopelessly dark - I thought something was wrong with my screen . -LRB- Royal Tower is nowhere near as bad - background is dark , but can still see doorways and objects -RRB- Final Scene was just NOT my type of game , it feels more like just a hidden objects games in a very dark background.I moved to a later one - Nancy Drew Phantom of Venice and that one I can SEE -LRB- # 18 -RRB- . Nancy Drew
 THIS GAME ROTS IS SHORT EASY AMD STUPID DID I SAY ITS SHORT BECASE IT IS GOD I HATE THIS STUPID GAME BEAT IT IN 45 MINTES WHATS WRONT WITH NINTENDO NO MARIO FRO LONG TIME NOW MARIO AND ITS BAD BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!
 First off I am 23 years old and I 'm using the kid 's review since i have never purchased anything off Amazon.I am a huge Mario fan . I 've loved every Mario I 've ever played , except for Super Mario Sunshine . New Super Mario Bros. really got me excited when I first seen it come out . I bought a Nintendo DS just so i could own and play this game . After playing it for a few hours i got bored with it and i was starting to get really disappointed . But i thought , i am only halfway through world 2 so ill give it more time.I got through the whole game , except for the two hidden worlds , and i was so disappointed . First off , this game is SOOO easy ! The levels only take a few minutes , if that . There is no real challenge , and all the old puzzles and such are in this game . That may be great for nostalgic purposes , but this is a NEW game , hence NEW Super Mario Bros. . This game is basically a Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi 's Island and Super Mario 3 hybrid , with Mario 64 like play in 2-D . The levels throughout the game offer pretty much no diversity . I loved diverse worlds of Super Mario 3 , but in this game i really didnt care that i was in a desert world or water world , it was all the same bullcrap.A few of the added stuff to this game just seems stupid . For example , Mario 's triple jump can be used maybe twice in this game . They dont give you enough room to pull this jump off in any of the levels ! I dont think i even had enough room to pull off a double jump . The wall jumping is different from what you have seen in SM64 or Sunshine . You dont just jump to the wall and immediately kick back up . You have to jump , let yourself skid down the wall , then jump . It wasnt too bad , but it was rather annoying sometimes . Another complaint is the huge mushroom that this game has added . There is no real fun in using this mushroom ! When you get it , you of course get as big as the screen , then you run through the level clearing everything and everyone out of your path , then 8 to 10 seconds later you shrink back up to small mario . You then get a few 1 UPs depending on how much damage you did . This was fun the first time i got the mushroom , which happens like 5 seconds into the very first level -LRB- LAME !!! -RRB- , but after a few more times , i completely ignored them when they came up.Another big thing that i love in Mario games , again except for Sunshine , is the music . This game has a very limited amount of music that it uses . The first level music is what you will hear probably 85 % of the game !! I hate that tune , and it shows just how little time they spent coming up with new tunes . I think this is another big reason that this game got real old after awhile for me.I know i said before that this game is easy , but you have no idea if you are a nintendo veteran like me . I know this game will be a little more challenging to new comers and kids , but it is a total letdown to the older and experienced crowd . Just like many Mario games , there are 2 castles in each world , one halfway , and one at the end . The halfway castle always has Bowser Jr. as it 's boss ! What the F *** ?! This made me so mad . He does the same moves pretty much each time , with maybe one little change -LRB- sides of the floor will be missing , etc -RRB- . All you have to do is stomp on him 3 times and he is done . Or you can powerstomp him twice , or throw freakin fireballs at him and beat him in half a second ! Just wayyyyy to easy ! Come on Nintendo , this stratagy has been milked to death and every game it is easier and easier . I remember Mario 3 had these tactics , but it was still kinda hard because the boss would have spiratic moves . The moves Bowser Jr. uses can be anticipated way ahead of time . He runs and slips , and if you stomp on him you while he is on his back , you will hit his spikes and die , assuming you are small mario of course.For the main world bosses , they are not really any harder than Bowser Jr. . They are more dynamic and take a bit more stratagy , but any experienced Mario gamer will know what to do right away . The Tank boss is probably the hardest boss in the game . The final boss is also ok , but it still needs to be a challenge.As a whole , this game is basically the same old song and dance . You go around collecting coins for 1UPs and you now have 3 big coins you collect so you can unlock new paths , mushroom houses , and 1UP houses along the road . All of these are not necessary and it is really no reward in collecting these things.I cant tell you how disappointed I am in this game . It kills me to score this game the way i did . I am even being very generous by giving it what i did . I absolutely love Mario games , but this one was a slap in the face for me ! I really think that this was just hyped up and everyone bought into it . You can see from IGN.com and other people 's on here that it is a good game . But i really want to know if some people deep down were a bit disappointed and in their love for Nintendo and Mario , gave this game praise that really wasnt deserving . I love the NES-N64 days of mario , but in all honesty , I want new Mario experiences . This one could have been alot better.If i were to grade this game on a scale of 100 , this game would recieve a 55 . In my college grading scale , 60 is the least for passing , according to the syllabus , but they will pass you with a 55 . So , i say this game fails , but ill pass it on .
 I bought a DS lite just so i can play Mario , unfortunately , this game was not as fun as I expect it to be . The game went by too quickly , and it was too easy . The mega mushroom is more for the purpose of marketing the game than an useful item . The turtle shell and mini mushroom helps you uncover hidden areas , other than that you 're back to you good old fire ball ... back to basics.I would recommend renting it since theres really no point in playing it over and over again . The whole game can be finished in 3-5 hours . The 3 star coin collecting is supposed to add replay value , but personally I find it pretty pointless since you use it to buy more mushroom houses -LRB- which u can get easily by jumping the flag pole at the right time -RRB- or background . If I can use it to unlock new level then it actually will add replay value.The level design feels some what repetitive , some level feel almost identical -LRB- water stages -RRB- , and the mid stage boss is exactly the same in all 8 worlds just on a different platform . Maybe I just out grown Mario , but DS Mario feel like a kids game that does n't provide any challenges nor any nostalgic values . Overall , I would rate SNES Mario World the BEST Mario game , followed by Mario 3 and then this version of Mario . -LRB- I dunno about the 3D mario on N64 , but mario belongs on a 2D platform -RRB-
 THE GAME YOU SEND ME DOSE NOT WORK WHY THE HELL ARE YOU SALE GAME THAT DONT WORK I DONT KNOW HOW THE HELL ARE YOU GOING TO GIVE MY MONEY BACK I WANT IT NOW
 There are alot of fake / bootleg copys of nintendo ds and game boy advance games sold online . Be careful when buying games online . Also i am shocked that when people have posted warnings about this problem their reviews have been marked not helpful . Thats crazy . How is informing and warning you of something not helpful ?
 This game sucked . I rented it through Gamefly and 10 minutes after getting it I was on World 3 out of 8 . I am only 10 . Too easy and not enough levels .
 There is not much to say . IT is just a boring game that my kids tried for a little while and never played again .
 Those are the only two pros of this game . If you want to play the classic NES Mario games on your DS , then buy this . If you want a challenge or something new and different , then do not buy this . You will be sorely disappointed.This is the same stale gameplay that plagues many generic platformers today , no matter what console . Just because it is Mario does not make it any better . The worlds themselves are mostly recycled , with some variances , from Super Mario 3 . The boss battles are exactly the same . The only time the touch screen is even used for the gameplay is if you want to use the power up you have saved.With the incredible potential this game had , it is wasted on rehashing the old NES games with better graphics . Once again , buy this only if you want a portable NES Mario game . Everyone else , stay away .
 i got this game for my birthday some time ago . at first i was amazed at how fun this game was . I do n't play video games much so i played it on and off for about a week or so , After that week i turned the game on and played it . I passed world one and then I was shocked , what happened ? the little monsters are just annoying , The spiked one was the one that drove me insane , I jumped clear over it and the game ended , I was sent back at least three stages . here are some things that annoy me * the graphics are not-so-great . * it just does downhill after the first world * bowser is too easy to beat in the first world large castle -LRB- you just jump over him -RRB- * How everytime you loose all your lives you loose your progress . -LRB- i was on world eight the big castle and lost all my progress and was sent back to the little castle -RRB- i do n't get why this game is so horrible . The wii version is so much betterSPENT FIFTEEN DOLLARS MORE FOR THE WII VERSION ITS BETTER !!!!!
 This game is n't very different than Super Mario Bros so I was dissapointed to find that the new Super Mario Bros was almost exactly the same as the regular Super Mario Bros. . I really do n't like this game . The only thing that I like is the multiplayer , I get to play with my friends and family , they like it . I do n't reccomend playing this game unless you use it for multiplayer . Do n't play this game .
 Game did not work at all . It gave me error message both for me and my child.Called nintendo gave product code for troublshooting assistance , and they could not validate this product as an official game of theirs.This product was considered conterfiet - copy and not true game . Contacted seller -LRB- Prossor -RRB- about issue and was refunded my money back , the prossor company contacted me by appologizing letting me keep crappy game that does not work and thanking me for informing them about issue . Supposedly -LCB- Prossor -RRB- will not purchase anymore games from the vendor that sold the games to them . I ended t up throwing game away and driving up to Walmart and purchasing an official sealed game for my child .
 Decent game for young kids . But what happened to levels 4 and 7 . What a rip off , why not just have six levels then to skip two levels of fun ? And the 20 coins that are used and could be used for extra levels at the end of the game just serve for a new background and decoration . Worst game of the series . Still good but the worst . Hope the next one is n't such a lazy atttempt . Cheers
 This game is one of the many failures of mario recently . It is fitting it was a made for a system as bad as the ds .
 not a real full game . just simple things . not as expected . Thought it would bea real type mario game that was the whole game .
 I played this on the orginal console and was n't a big fan of it then . I really do n't like how the camera is set up , it makes me feel dizzy and want to vomit after playing for two minutes . So no , I 've never beat the game . My hubby bought this for me , but had more fun with it than I did . Maybe if there was a way to fix the camera so it was n't shifting all the time , it would be a better game . But I did enjoy the mini games .
 I was very un-happy with this product . The game was shown as a new game , if not I would had both it at another web site . It came without a box and without the book . How do you expect someone to use the game without the book to know the elements of the game ? This experience made me think twice about buying at your web site again . I was buying something believing it was new , to get something used . I can tell you this , my birthday is coming and I ask the family that used to use this site not to get me a gift card this time . Thank you Silvia
 Clearly not alot of people agree with me about what I 'm going to say ... This game was ALOT of fun until you beat Bowser in his giant world 8 castle . Then for me , it got soooooooooo boring . The minigames are pointless , cheap , and just plain BORING . The layout is similar to the original . Overall , the Super Mario Bros. series is one of Nintendo 's best ... and that 's the only reason they got away with this blow ...
 i dont how good it is because i never received it on my purchases it says it was delivered last week with christmas here please tell me they just didnt leave it on my porch and its a gift 4 my child i am so disappointed i never had any problem before now please help me
 If you 're looking , as I was , for a Counterstrike substitute , keep looking . Ultimately what kills this game is playability . The game play is not engaging . Graphics are lacking a bit -- look at the way that everything LOOKS like a flat surface with a texture layed on it . Ultimately thats not a big complaint though , it looks passable . It 's just not that fun .
 I bought 2 copies of the game ... one for me and one for my friend . I shoved the CD into my system and installed , no prob . i got into the game , and i began the first mission ... there was a realistic voice briefing me and it all was so amazing ... until i got to the mission action . the actual action was slow , pixelated , and non-userfriendly . I can understand ther being a multitude of weapons , but having to memorize 12 buttons for equipment alone ? also , i found that the levels became disorienting when dark rooms were present . In reality , if you took the mission setup from SWAT and the action from Rainbow 6 , you would have yourself the most kickass game ever seen ... overall , i do n't recommend this game to anyone ... it needs better controls , smoother graphics , and a more detailed storyline.and no , it is not my system ... . i have a Pentium 3 , 128 megs , 8meg vid card , and 800 megahertz packed into my desktop puppy .
 I got this game a few days ago and still have not been able to play it . I 've been to the YDKJ web page and have read several posts there from people who are having the same problems I 'm having . I 've contacted Sierra and have yet to hear back from them.How could is this game ???? I wish I could tell you one way or another !!!! : o -LRB-
 Sierra offers little if any help on fixing the compatibility issue for YDKJ5 and Windows XP.If you want a good laugh , compare their solution to the one Microsoft provides . You do n't need a keen eye to notice that one of the tech support people cut and paste from their website , of course leaving out the key phrase `` This behavior is by design . '' Beware XP users !
 I remember playing this game long ago at someone 's house , so I got this gift for my sister and brother-in-law one Christmas , thinking they might like it . I apparently was completely off-base , as I learned about 7-8 months later that they never even opened the box . So , they gave it back to me , and I opened it , tried to run it , and the game would barely even install , much less run . I eventually got it to at least start on an old computer at college , but it apparently saves progress in a file that the computer wiped every time it restarted . So , though what I saw of it was fun , it never could recognize that it was n't my first time playing and give me different clues , and I never found another computer that could run it.This game was released in the year 2000 . As I write this , it 's the year 2013 . If you have Windows 8 , 7 , or Vista , forget about it . I can guarantee the game will never run on your computer . If you have Windows XP , you might eventually get it to work with a lot of trouble.Basically , what I 'm saying is that unless you have a computer from around the year 2000 , forget about this game . I doubt even a muti-boot operating system would let you play this these days , as the game is so finicky it needs a computer that 's just so for it to even start .
 Again people should not be able to sell out of date games that can not be run by today 's systems .
 Sierra offers little if any help on fixing the compatibility issue for YDKJ5 and Windows XP . In fact their solution has nothing to do with the issue . htt ... If you want a good laugh , compare their solution to the one Microsoft provides . You do n't need a keen eye to notice that one of the tech support people cut and paste from their website , of course leaving out the key phrase `` This behavior is by design . '' Beware XP users !
 The first-worst is of course Volume 2 because of Buzz , but the host is not the cause of the horribleness of this game -LRB- schmitty 's cool -RRB- . The problem is , it 's too slow . What 's up with that , on the ride , it seemed to go through 13 questions BOOM-BOOM-BOOM . But however many questions it has , it goes through them BOOM ------ BOOM ------ BOOM , and that is n't normal Jack . It 's Redeaming quality is the internet play . They did such a great job on that . If they can keep that being good while still having a fast-paced trivia game , it would be better .
 What can I say , I love useless trivia , and ever since it first hit the scene , YDKJ has been one of my all-time favorite games for its combination of a mish-mash of it with in-your-face humor , sarcastic hosts , and game-show antics that rival anything you can find on television . Jellyvision and Berkeley have always done a fantastic job , even when they happened to hit snags every so often
 The game seemed to drawn out and the graphics seemed right out of the late 90 's I felt as if parts of the terrain was missing and keyboard play was a mess . It should be one of those games listed for younger teens after removing some of the more adult content put there to cover holes in quality .
 Lousy , offensive , crude . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 This game is basically just a big advertisement for John Deere and contains very little substance . I 've actually gotten better kid games out of a cereal box . The $ 19 price tag is asking a lot . The game works , and my kid seems to like playing it , though perhaps only because it 's there .
 On Windows ME and Windows XP PRO , the game gives IML32.DLL errors at various times . I am ** STILL ** waiting on a reply from Bold Games technical support -- a week since the technical support request.This is a cute game and my son enjoys it . But it is very annoying to say , `` do n't play that part because it always crashes '' or `` sorry it messed up again . ''
 Bought this for my grandson - age 3 . Does n't deserve even one star rating . Agree with other reviewer - it 's going in the trash . What a waste of $ 20 . So , save your money !
 My son , age 4 , begged for this game . However , after he 'd played it for the first time -- for all of a half hour -- he pronounced it `` boring '' and is unlikely to play it ever again . I agree with him , frankly . It is far less engaging than any other game he 's tried at home , at school , or at the library . Once he 'd mastered the basic gist of each of the six scenarios , that was it
 I got this for my grandson and was really disappointed . At certain places , I had trouble figuring out how to operate the game . My grandson tried it , could n't do much , and just quit the game.It requires that the original CD be put in the computer to run the game . It 's going in the trash .
 Please , please believe the reviews on this game ! I purchased it because I loved the game and the price and yes I did read the reviews . Yeah , I wanted the game that bad , but as the others have stated the screen does go black and you do need to use the mouse to get the screen back . The last time I played the game the darn thing frozen my computer screen I had to shut it down and restart my computer . I would n't recommend this product to anyone even for the price and to top it off I 'm afraid to try to put the game back into my computer to play again -LRB- I 'm not computer savvy -RRB- so I would n't want to have my computer have a permanent problem . It 's very fustrating and now I 'm trying to find another Scrabble game without the Windows XP SP2 issues . Ha ! good luck on that one . That 's why I gave it a 1 star rating overall but a 4 star for fun initally and boy did I have fun at least until it started messing with my computer ! So I thought better of that rating and took it back . What fun is it when the darn thing can cost you more to fix the problems it causes your computer !
 The game is great but we are disappointed in the CD itself . It is a nuisance to have to insert the CD everytime you want to play . And this automatically preempts one from using the game on a second computer -- i.e. , a laptop -- unless you take the CD from your spouse who then will be unable to play on her computer.Had I known this was the case , I would not have bought Scrabble Complete .
 I have n't had any software problems in XP , unlike many other reviewers , but I always make a point of minimum installations . However , the dictionary in the game is bad -- in particular , it does * not * use the latest Official Dictionary -LRB- 4th edition -RRB- . To take one example , the word QI and the plural QIS are not available in this game , and those are important Q-without-U words for serious Scrabble.I would n't mind that fault if the software allowed you to add words to the dictionary or to override computer challenges . Alas , neither option is available so it 's critical that the dictionary be right . But the dictionary is wrong . So the game is wrong . It 's not Scrabble .
 I HATE having to insert game disc every time I use the game ! It is good only for those who have a very small space on their hard drive in order to use the game !!!!!
 This cd does not work on any computer so I am not satisfied with the results
 I have no idea how much fun this game is as it never would load . We have all of the PC attributes required , but all we ever received was a blank screen .
 This version is so old , the visuals are all grainy , and hard to see . The game is not at all pleasant to play , compared to the new versions , and you have to keep the CD in the drive all the time to play it , even after you install the game . I think it is sucking up a massive amount of juice to play it , too . -LRB- The reason I got rid of Scrabout -RRB- . This does NOT come with a jewel case - just a paper sleeve , and there 's no paperwork or support for the game , either . The only info provided is on the disk , and that support number is disconnected . Seller claims to have no knowledge of computer games -LRB- Despite being primarily a seller of computer games -RRB- , and just refers you to the disconnected support number.It was cheap , so I 'm just eating this one , but I wo n't be buying anything from this bunch again . Spare yourself some agony , and download a trial software , test it , and if you like it , spend the extra $ 10 . and get the newest version .
 I bought this game to replace the Scrabble 2.0 because it was purported to be windows xp compatible . Unfortunately , it does the same thing the old game did , which is go to a black screen during play , which was only resolved by `` painting '' the game back into view with the mouse . I searched for remedies to this major inconvienence , to no avail . It 's a good thing I did n't waste a whole lot of cash on my purchase . I ca n't recommend this game to anyone . It 's unfortunate , because it is a very nice game otherwise .
 This game worked for only a short while then would just give me a black screen and lock up my computer . The only way I could resolve this was to kill the power to the computer . I use Windows ME . I do not recommend .
 My issue is with the game maker Encore not the game there are too many things that will not let you play version of this game . I had go into `` MSCONFIG '' and shut everything down to even get it to load . And as is the `` norm '' these days you ca n't get a service rep that speaks English clearly to help find the trouble . I would say find a different company , not Encore to buy the game from . O and their idea of a `` Jewel case '' is a paper envelope wrapped in a piece of card board .
 The product did not work , I put the disc into my computer and it turned my screen completely black .
 I have this one also and refering to the problem that other had with the screen going black . Mine does too . But just for a few seconds while the game initializes . So that was n't a porblem for me . My problem is that the computer challenges words that I know for a fact are in the dictionary and when it challenges you you have no chance to refute the challenge . It automatically removes your word and you lose your turn . But players are NEVER allowed to challenge the computer . Which I find really stupid . The computer also plays words that are not allowed by the scrabble rules . In other words it cheats . I think that the people who disigned it purposely made it that way . I would not recommend wasting your money on it .
 You have to have the cd on your drive in order to play it . A hassle . I have played other scrabble games better than this one .
 I recieved it and it works fine , but it is not nearly as good for my purposes as the `` Champion Edition . '' If I had it to do over , I would order the `` Champion Edition '' instead . That one has `` Best Plays '' option so I can check my word against others to see if I chose the highest scoring word . That feature is lacking from the `` Scrabble Complete , '' the subject of this review . I would have thought `` Complete '' would mean it has all options , but apparently not . --
 This is a total waste of money . Game has defects and will not work well on XP . Empire is no help and their forums are a joke `` Help , I have a black screen '' `` I know of no solution at this time . '' It is also cd dependant to run , meaning you have to lug a cd around with you if you want to play the game -LRB- when it will play -RRB- . After a day of frustration trying to get this thing to work , the game ended up in the trash . That toss into the trash was the most fun I got out of the game !
 I loved playing Scrabble as a kid in the 1950s . My new HP computer came with a copy of Scrabble . I played about 4 games and it quit . They no longer support it -LRB- bummer -RRB- so I went to the net to buy it . Got it from some outfit Amazon recommended . Installed it . Crash.Black screen of death . 3 times . File thirteen . The $ 10 is n't worth the hassle of returning it . Hope it works for you because it 's a great game . But do n't try it on a Dell Dimension 8300 Pentium 4 , 3.2 with XP pro .
 Do n't waste your money on this game . It would be better to just throw your money in the trash and not risk harm to your computer . Not only did it not work at times leaving me with a black screen at start up , it would also go totally black in the middle of a game and I would have to drag the mouse over the entire screen to make the picture reappear . I love Scrabble , but not this game !!
 This is a piece of junk . After installing it and clicking on the icon to start it , your entire computer goes black and you ca n't do anything . You ca n't even quit . We tried installing it three times and finally did a search on Amazon and read the similar reviews , so we know it was n't us . DO NOT BUY THIS . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 I wasted my money on this game . I had the same problem as previous user and tried for over an hour using all resources given and ca n't get this came to work . I did manage to get it start to play but the program would crash after attempting to play . Why advertise as Windows XP if a game wo n't play on it ?
 I downloaded the patch from the Atari site . I disabled ZoneAlarm firewall . I turned on ZoneAlarm and allowed total access for the Scrabble executable . I tried several different options for Compatability Mode . I turned off internet access altogether . I tried to do ALT-ESC and ALT-TAB to get out of the program and figure out what was going on.None of these made any difference . Each and every time I tried to start this on Windows XP SP2 the program give the Black Screen , requiring a reboot to recover.Playing a game should not be this much work . Highly * not * recommended .
 This game is a waste of time and money . Does n't work with WindowsXP , all I got was a blank screen . Save time and download from gateway games .
 I had the same problem as the others with XP . Pay attention to the reviews , unlike me . All the program did was lock up my laptop . Got a black screen and the only way to shut it off was to take out the battery . Then i had to do a system resore to get rid of all the damage it did .
 this cd worked for a few days then it began when ran to give a dark screen and dispite uninstalling it and reinstalling continued to display a dark screen and not come on i would like a full refund for this product it does not work with windows xp
 I love Scrabble ; it is my favorite word game . The CD was fine and worked for about a week before my computer locked up . So I uninstalled Scrabble.I think the problem is with my operating system -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- and not the game CD . But it just would not work for me .
 I played Links LS2000 on PC for many years . Recently I bought this MAC ported version of LS 2000 . This program does n't work . That 's just it . I have G4 , 1 ghz , 36mb Radeon v.c. , and 516 mb ram . My apple excceds all system requirements by far . You can install the 1st CD , but the rest can not be installed . Program glitch it seems . MacSoft does n't respond back . So , i guess this program just does n't work .
 This had to be the worst golf game i have ever played . I ca n'tbelieve i spent fifty dollars on a piece of junk . The only thingrealistic about it is the voices which still were n't that great .
 On anything OS 9 + on two different machines a CD game that worked a few years ago is now totally unsupported and useless . I hope this current CD works for you .
 For the first few minutes , you 're likely to think this is pretty cute . The view of the board zooms around in 3D , the little dog wags its tail , and the characters make droll comments . But after those few minutes it will dawn on you -- all this cute stuff is getting in the way of playing the game . It takes the patience of a saint to make it all the way through an entire game , and you 're unlikely to want to play another . Even if you disable as much of the cutsie stuff as you 're allowed to , the view of the board still zooms around in a way that will make your stomach turn -LRB- and prevents you from getting any real sense of the location of the pieces -RRB- . Play is excruciatingly slow , and frequently interrupted by the silly -LRB- and ineffective -RRB- attempts at trading by the computer players.It 's loaded with sound and graphics but it 's essentially unplayable . Buy this only if you DO N'T like to play Monopoly .
 The information about this product stated that if you wished to return it , simply contact Andrea from bestgamedeals and she would respond by the next day . I have tried to return this product more than twice and my e-mails have been ignored every single time . It is not compatible with my computer and was a waste of 30 dollars . I am VERY dissatisfied and am sick of this unused game sitting around my house .
 The only people that could enjoy this game are the kids.But most of the questions are adult level . This can be a problem.If you see it somewhere at a garage sale for five bucks then maybe you should get it . It looks funner than it really is . You have to be bored as hell to even consider playing this game.I have no idea why I 'm even writing a review for this game.But hey , there are worse .
 I loved this game on my PC . When I switched over to a MAC I bought the MAC version ... which does n't work at al !!!! And the manufacturer does n't respond or answer any questions . A complete rip off . Save your money , buy something else from somebody else .
 macaddict sez it really stinks got ta agree with em ' .
 this game has it 's moments , but it is very short and not as good as it could have been . 2 stars .
 All game systems inevitably have a pinball game made for them , even such old systems as the Atari 2600 . The 3DO is not exempted from the universal requirement for pinball games and has its own in the vessel of `` Real Pinball . `` Real Pinball consists of five oriental themed game boards . They are presented in an isometric view to give the illusion of 3d . The boards are not very complex , usually consisting of a single level -LRB- No double level gameplay -RRB- with about five bumpers , two flippers , a chute or two and the normal pins and such . The boards are n't that exciting or original all being very similar to one another , and the music is the same for all five . Overall , gameplay design is FAR below other offerings for other platforms of the same time period.The music grows repetitive and obnoxious after only a short time . Added to that is sluggish gameplay and poor response time of the ball . The sluggish gameplay makes the game frustrating to play . The flippers often seem to lag , especially when the ball is moving fast . It does n't make the game unplayable , but it does n't help either.Overall , this is a forgettable pinball game and while it may be the only one for the 3DO , it 's not worth wasting time or money on unless one is trying to collect the 3DO system 's entire library . There are better pinball games for other consoles .
 This game is not worth buying . Rent it first , other fishing games for Playstation are much better . It is annoying with it 's continue screen that comes up while your fishing like an arcade game . It 's also very strenuous on your finger , when trying to reel a fish in you have to press circle or x about fifty times instead of being able to hold the button down .
 I had the original PC game of RISK which was and still is unbelievably fun and full of variety . This Macsoft version simplified too much of the former options that existed in Risk I. I can not recommend this game . Hopefully , they improve it by bringing back all that was in the first RISK . Incidentally , I keep around my old PC just to play the former RISK.I have since given it to my daughter who like the geopgraphy but also got bored with it in a month .
 Risk II is quite a bit of fun when playing against the computer . But if you want to or plan on using the internet to play with your friends , be warned that when the person who gathers the game loses the entire game ends . Very frustrating .
 I bought this to use on my Mac Pro Laptop and it would not work . It will only work on an old Mac so it was a total waste of my money . If you have a new machine , do not buy !
 I wasnt able to play this game on my mac . Might be a compatibility issue ? Might want to verify your ability to download and play this game before purchasing .
 the color of the graphics were way messed up u couldnt see what u were doing at all . waste of money dont buy . you wont be able to play
 Product did n't work . I love RISK II but this adaptation does not work on the IMAC . I returned it satisfactorily . I am satisfied but still looking for a good Mac version of RISK II .
 I so wanted this game to be fun ; I have been waiting for it for a long time . But the classic version of this game is dull , difficult to follow and disappointing . The excitement of the roll of the dice in Risk battles is prolonged by unnecessary graphics , and the redeployment is confusing . What a shame !
 I put this in my computers gameport I have windows 98 and I went to the control panel and it was on the list so I clicked it than it said `` not connected . '' I tried going to add new hardware it just did n't work .
 This game had potential ... before I beat it after about 9 hours . Extremely short game , with very little replay value makes for a dissapointing game ! Every mission seems the same ... Chase a villian through New York for about 15 min. , then if you kept up you 'll end up fighting the villian . Playing as Venom was cool , but his missions were more or less the same as Spidey 's . Chase , keep up , boss battle , thats all the game was about . Gets old real fast ! This game is barely worth 10 bucks ! The Limited Edition did n't really have anything extra worth mentioning . When are they going to make a Spider-Man game that is more like GTA ? I need more free roaming fun !
 I have Tony Hawk 4 , THUG , THUG 2 and this game . I loved the previous 3 games and bought them immediately . But this one , wow . Tony Hawk should be embarassed that his name is on a product that was rushed into production with TONS of glitches . The irony of that is that the game features a skateboard gang that is quote unquote anti-corporate . Whatever . If Tony was less concerned with being on MTV Cribs and more concerned with endorsing a useable product , perhaps the game would be more playable . As it stands , I run through walls , get stuck in ramps up to my waist , my skateboard and the bottom half of my legs disappear into areas of sidewalk , ala GTA Vice City -LRB- bad enough when you 're walking - disastrous when you 're doing a combo line ! -RRB- . There are missions where the AI wants me to do a series of requested flips as it calls them out , yet it does n't acknowledge that I am doing them and landing them perfectly . The list goes on and on.I wrote to Activision and told them that since I 'd opened the game , the store where I purchased it would n't give me my money back . They would only exchange it for another copy , and what good would that do ? I have not heard a word from Activison in response , but I 'm not surprised . If they intended to stand behind this item , they would have fixed it before they put it on the market.I 'm out $ 60 . Do n't make the same mistake.Don ' t take my word for it . Just Google the game title and read what they 're saying at the gaming message boards .
 I 'll be amazed if this review gets posted . We ordered it in August 2006 . Two months later , we 're still waiting for it to arrive . We chose standard shipping ... which must mean a slow boat from China . Every few weeks we get an email pushing back the shipping date . Why would overnight shipping be offered on a product they ca n't get their hands on for two months not two days ? Check the website , they 'll still offering expedited shipping , yet no product for two months . A nice fellow on the customer service website placed the blame on Activision . Funny , Walmart and Toys R Us have no problem getting it in stock . I would have given this game the goose egg in terms of starts but the system would not let me , so we give one star as a lifetime achievement award .
 It 's a good idea but it does not allow you to use with theLanyard headphone set so it is not much use to me
 Although the case is lightweight and easy to use , I was very disappointed that the screen is not protected . I had no idea that a square would have been cut into the plastic case ; if I realized this I would not have purchased it .
 I have been playing A&A for about 10 years -LRB- as a board game -RRB- . I also played the Hasbro PC game when I had Windows 95/98 . This version of A&A is so unlike the original board game and Hasbro product that I found it incredibly distasteful ! Do n't waste your money on this PC version . It 's a real load of crap . If you have never been exposed to the original board game , you may like it because you wo n't lnow what you are missing . If they had given the option to switch to `` A&A Classic '' then all would have been right with the world ... oh well , maybe someday soon they will have another version that is like the real board game , which has to be the best strategy game of ALL TIME !
 If you are looking for the regular computerized Axis and Allies game , this is n't it . If you want a RTS type game loosely based on A&A ; , you may like this.I wanted a regular A&A ; game , so this game dissapointed me . The description was n't sufficient to warn me that it might not be what I wanted .
 This game was really designed more for a console than a hand held . The controls are difficult to use . Riding the horse is tough with the hand held controls . Aiming can also be an issue , especially when you need to do it quickly against moving targets . I love everything else about this game but the controls really make it so frustrating that ultimately it ruins the game . Get this game on a console instead of a hand held .
 This game uses the invasive Starforce drivers . This form of copy protection causes a lot of issues on your computer including shutting down CD/DVD drives and often times barring you from a game you legitimately own . I purchased this game and had multiple issues related to the driver . It locked me from playing and would reset my computer at boot up . Finally managed in Safe Mode to figure out what was causing it and deleted the stupid thing . WASTE OF MONEY . Legitimate game companies do n't need to resort to cheap tricks like that .
 I really do enjoy the zombie genre , and I really did n't have high hopes for this game , but even my low expectations were n't really met . This game is more about slapstick comedy than it is about zombies.The plot is pretty bare , but workable . The enemies that you fight are pretty well balanced against your own abilities . However , since you 're a zombie , you really are n't supposed to be that smart and figure out how to use weapons . So the game designers decided to give you some special bio-weapons
 Currently unable to review as my computer with XP is not working . Wish we could have it for PS3 or Windows 7
 Well , I 've had Stubbs for over a year now , and just tonight , I popped it in and played it . First off , I liked it . The sound , graphics , and AI is memorable , but 10 minutes later I decided to quit , due to the fact it got boring after a while , same old `` rip this apart , form the zombie horde , die over and over '' , you get the picture.Well , I went to play it again , and then the errors start . I first get a message when I click the `` Play '' button at the menu that the game has encountered an error and needs to close . I 've tried uninstalling and reinstalling , patches , cracks , even a couple of files for download off of the Internet . Finally , I consulted Aspyr , an experience I shall not soon forget due to their inept workers.I received the reply about , oh , 20 minutes ago of , `` I need to know more about your computer . I advise installing the latest drivers and updating some stuff on your computer . `` That 's an exact copy and paste from what he said . I gave him , however , full technical documents via the DXDIAG command in RUN . How much more info do you want , buddy ? Would you like me to rip my computer apart and snap photos of it then upload them to you ? My drivers are completely updated . What does n't make any sense is that I played it for the first 10 minutes with no problems at all , then it does n't work ? I did n't modify anything at all , either . I just quit via the EXIT button . My request for answers was changed to `` Resolved '' . The problem is not resolved . It would seem that they do n't know what to do and so they stop trying to help . One thing is certain , I will not be purchasing another item from Aspyr until the day they are run out of the business.From what I played , it 's not a bad game , but it gets old after a short time . Also , do n't expect any help if you have a problem . Aspyr 's tech support , as you have hopefully read , is about as helpful as asking a blind man to read a manual to you . They will stop trying before they even begin . Stubbs had potential , but it 's just too faulty .
 Before I get the usual , `` you should n't rate games you have n't played yet '' or `` You should have checked the requirement '' reaction , let me say I have a top of the line computer , plenty of memory and a brand new video card which enables me to play `` Star Wars
 Great , another game I have to give to charity . I wish I would have read Jeremy 's review before purchasing
 You pay your money . You take your chances . If it runs on your computer consider yourself lucky . If it does n't , do n't say you were n't warned . My PC has run every major FPS from Doom3 to HL2 with no problem , but can not even launch this game . Aspyr 's tech support simply consists of telling you to download either a newer or older video driver . If that does n't work , then too bad , or to use Aspyr 's support terminology `` Resolved '' . Seems `` resolved '' does n't mean they got the game to run . It just means they stop trying . There are over 10,000 hits related to Stubbs error messages on Aspyr 's own support site . Guess they 're all `` resolved '' too .
 I could hardly wait for this game to arrive , only to find out that my computer does n't meet the system requirements -LRB- which were not laid out here on Amazon -RRB- . The game does NOT play with an Intel Chipset , despite having 3D graphics abilities . How frustrating.I 'll wind up passing this along to a friend whose computer - although much older than mine - has the required video card .
 You 're a hunched over zombie . You move slow , you slap people , you thow your intestines and they explode , you bowl your head and it explodes , and you fart.There 's really no story to this game . Blood guts and gore just do n't make a good game.Walk slow , slap at an enemy , suck his brain , repeat , repeat , repeat ... Every now and then is a cut scene for the poorly written plot -LRB- The cheif of police is mad at you , oh what a plot -RRB- . Though its first person , everything is slower -LRB- not because my PC is slow , you 're just walking through the entire game -RRB- . Slow action , since you have to walk up to your enemies.Yawn.Spend your 49.99 on ANY other game , you 're sure to have more fun , and a more stimulating experience ... maybe with a plot.BTW ... the copy protection does n't slow down your PC . If you have the software to detect it and the type , your intentions are less than noble ... why would anyone need to know what type and version of copy protection a game has ? To copy it ! BOO , spend the money -LRB- well , do n't spend the money on this one -RRB- , but spend the money , support the creators !
 Ordered this game from Amazon.com on June 17th , 2006 and it is now Sept. 5th and still no game . Every week or two they send me an email that there is a delay in shipping and extend the ship date another week or two . If you want to order this game , for heavens sake , do n't order it from Amazon.com directly !! I called the company that ships the game to amazon and they say there is nothing they can do about it , that it is amazons problem and this company specified that it IS in stock with them .
 this is one of the worst games i have EVER played , maybe the worst . even in really terrible games , i can usually find something good to say about it , but this one fails on EVERY single level . play the demo before buying . if you enjoy it , you have mental problems .
 I 'm a 552 year old elf , just using the kid 's review because I 'm tired of getting spammed after people read my real name at Amazon.This is the most horrid , evil , filthy unChristian game I 've seen in years , and when I say that I mean that , cause I 'm over 5 centuries old . Anyway , you play as an evil zombie that rips other people 's heads off and eats their brains . That 's it . I 've played a full demo of this horrible game , and the whole time I was not only bored out of my wits , I was shocked and angered by the content of Randy the Zombie or whatever the name of this piece of crap is.Did you like this game ? Well , somebody else liked this game too
 This game DOES NOT WORK ! When I bought this game it looked really fun , but it does n't work . I tried it in my sister 's laptop , my computer , my family 's computer , my g ` pas , my uncles , and even my friends computer . I even took the game back 3 times . And NONE of them worked , they all said that a file was missing . And now i cant completely get rid of the game off my computer , there are little file attachments everywhere ! Something is wrong with the game , it wo n't install correctly and when you try to run it , it sais that there is a file missing . And I did try installing it more then once , i tryed at least 7 times . I just waisted my time ... So do n't waist yours . Do not buy the game , unless you like taking stuff back ... -LRB- keep your reciept -RRB- . But if the game does work , its probably the best game ever ... . but dont count on it . it prob . wont work.OVERALL
 Boy , and I mean the title of my feelings about this game . For one thing do NOT believe the `` requiriments '' given to play this game . The graphics are no better than their earlier game , `` Black Mirror '' , but you need more to play it.Having said that , the promised story line only sort of delivered . Yes , there were Nazi plots for eternal life and all that sort of thing -LRB- Indiana Jones like -RRB- , and the part in the Nazi mystery mines were different , but all in all as far as the extraterrestial , Mayan , etc. , bit , they really were a tag on , and did n't deliver as the description of the game would sucker you into buying.Certainly , if you are close to a `` crazed '' Adventure Gamer as I am , graphics count for a lot , and these were OK , but as I said before , they were n't much above `` Black Mirror '' . Moving on
 This game definitely has nice graphics . The story is so-so just like the `` prize '' ending sequence , really lacks mystery and intrigue . I 'm not a fan of Syberia -LRB- although loved the graphics -RRB- either and I liken this game to it . There is no challenge when getting around the game , I like to call this `` hot-spots-for-idiots '' . Like another reviewer said , a nice afternoon of play . Why an afternoon ? Because if you could get the character to run it would take about an hour rather than a few hours . You have to paaainfully watch ol' Marty walk like a slug to the next hotspot . There are a few puzzles but only one is somewhat challenging . Repetition is the basis for the `` challenge '' . I did not experience crashing issues running on Windows XP with SP2 which is definitely a plus . Since there is such a lack of good adventure games out there , you may just get this when it sells for cheap . Amazon has changed their policy on who can sell which is bad if you like to recycle games like myself . Grrr I gave it an overall 2 stars but based on stable gameplay and graphics I 'd give it 2.5 or a C + .
 The only reason that I did not give this 1 star in each category is that it did fairly well in the `` creep me out '' factor in a couple of spots.Issues I had with the game : Needless profanity . If you 're going to swear , have a reason other than trying to make the game seem -- and fail -- to be more adult oriented.Mindless tasks . The puzzles were challenging but not impossible , the mindless tasks -LRB- talk to the guard four or five times without accomplishing anything in between conversations -RRB- is a common complaint and rightly so.Worst of all ? The ending , I mean I went through all that for such a worthless ending ? Let me put it this way
 This game was ridiculous.I was pretty disappointed . First of all , Martin , though an okay guy is constantly stating the obvious . The other characters are also annoying , though you do n't really get to know any of them anyway . Their accents are , once again , ridiculous . What kind of accents are they , even ? It sounds as though the same guy did all of the voices in the entire game.Some tasks were pretty fun , but a lot of them were tedious , talking to the same people over and over and doing * ridiculous * things that would never work and were hard to take seriously.The graphics themselves were n't that bad , but as another review said , I definitely got sick of watching Arthritic Martin limp his way around the room . Whenever he would turn , it looked like the actual floor tile turned with him on it . My dad now walks around the house like Martin to make all of us laugh , actually.All of the conversations were already set by the game , there was no choosing what Martin would say to have a different effect on the story line.There was too much sitting back and watching , and the storyline did n't flow very well.I guess it was okay , and did help hold me over until the next Nancy Drew Game , but be sure to play all of those before you play NiBiru .
 My list of complaints about NiBiRu is very long , but it can be boiled down to a few items :1 . The most frustratingly linear gameplay I 've ever experienced . You must often talk to people -LRB- that your character says they have nothing to say to -RRB- two or three times before you get results , and often in a certain order . If you solve a puzzle before the game ` thinks ' you should , it has no effect - you must proceed to click on items or people in the right order until you reach the scripted ` puzzle solving ' point .2 . Bad -LRB- and somewhat racist -RRB- voice acting . The main character speaks in a stunted manner that becomes very annoying . Everyone but the main character has an accent , and all of them are poorly done . The NPCs are almost all bad stereotypes of various nationalities , too .3 . Wildly varying puzzle difficulties . Some are so easy they 're no fun , and one is so hard I was ready to quit the game even when I had the printed solution sitting right in front of me -LRB- that 's right , I had to look it up before I smashed my computer -RRB- . Most are middling in difficulty , but you must still do every single action in the right order to complete them , even if you have it solved in your mind and can do it faster .4 . The main character is totally unlikable . He whines , he lies to almost every NPC just to get his way , he does really underhanded things to proceed in his quest , he is a poor depiction of an archaeologist ... Not someone I can relate to as I play through an entire game .
 The idea for the game is good , has a definet goal to reach . On 2 discs that do not need to be in the drive to run is a plus . The graphics are pretty darn good.Actual game play is akin to taking a sedative , slow movements , watching your figure move from place to place gets real tiring , very sleepy actually . Making the character move is about all you can do in this game . There are a few puzzels to solve , though not as many as there could/should be . Near all the conversations are game run , the player has no , none , nada , zilch control over what is said in conversations , and you ca n't do anything but watch.The subtitles are written with a lot of typos , and painfully slow , even at the fastest setting.Better than nothing , though not much . My 2 star rating is entirely based on the graphics .
 When I read the plot of this game i rushed out to buy it-unfortunately I didnt read further or I would have known that this is a POINT & CLICK game , and as someone else mentioned , the main character moves from here to there at a snails pace . I wanted a game similar to Myst , where you are the P.O.V. and you could go anywhere and look at anything . Not so with this game , you can only go into certain hot spot areas , and only pick up and examine certain items . You watch the main character as he slowly walks to and fro , repeatedly having to go to the same place , leave , go back , leave , go back again . UG , maddening !!! There is no way to speed up the action either . Can watch TV and play , and not miss a thing . BORING !!!
 Have previously played MISSING from the Adventure Company and was hoping the puzzles in this game would be similar . HUGE disappointment . Very few puzzles - possibly six total - and most of them were pretty lame . Required very little thought.A lot of mindless babbling on the part of the `` hero . '' A big `` time filler '' perhaps . Also a lot of back and forth with characters which also seemed like a waste of time . Beat the game in three sessions -LRB- about six hours total -RRB- and the ending was lame.Skip this one ... buy MISSING if you 're looking for intellectual challenges .
 NiBiRu is a game I paid -LRB- ... -RRB- for , and I think I overpaid . The graphics were nice , yes , and the music OK , and the animation just fine . It LOOKED like a fun game , and the box made it seem exciting . Fight Nazis for a secret that elads to the Mayans , and includes space aliens ! That 's not even true , and it 's the best thing about the game.Your character is amoral at best , from exploding animals , poisoning gaurds , and letting a grave robber take priceless artifacts . There is no hint system , and two or three of the puzzles really stumped me since there was no logic to them . At one point Martin says , ` I 've got an idea , ' and you blow up a rat . At no point before did Martin find any clue that the rats were designed to be exploded . AFTER that , however , you do . There 's no way Martin would have known ; why did he try that?The game is full of walking back and forth and talking to people multiple times . Normally after talkign ot someone and being told they 're not talking to you , the game moves you on to another puzzle . In NiBiRu , you hound people to distraction and then blow up rats.It 's an annoying game , like a bad fan fic . The ending was lame , the characters you meet ill conceived , and all in all , it 's just not fun .
 Features include annoying main character with lame stilted dialogue -LRB- eventually I just clicked through all speech , of which there 's tons -RRB- and unbelievable character actions . Simple linear game play . Main menu hides in the upper right hand corner - have to hover over it a while , or you 'll never get out because the escape key does nothing . I quickly looked up a walkthrough so I could just get on with seeing the semi-pretty pictures and be done with it.It 's a good game if you like to go back and forth asking a guy for a bucket of water . There were a couple clever puzzles .
 Often graphics and screen shots sell games and the graphics in this are very nice . Unfortunately the voice acting is so horrendously bad that it makes the whole game truly laughable . The main character reads his lines like a DJ reading off the evening news . Some of the ridiculous forced accents are equally terrible . It 's like they dug up a few folks from around the neighborhood to do the voices and some have no idea what a German or French accent is supposed to sounds like . I ca n't get over it ... ruins the whole game .
 When I heard this game was getting a remake on the NDS , like many I was filled with anticipation , and even filled out a pre-order so I could get it as soon as possible.I also returned it to amazon a day after I received it , after spending about 5 hours on a friends copy.Level 9 has a game-destroying glitch that will freeze the game when you talk to one of the characters a second time . Does n't seem bad until you realize that in order to unlock all the cards in the game , you need to play through a second time . And talk to that character a second time , which causes the freeze , and thus makes it impossible to proceed.The translation also leaves much to be desired . Some of the special effects on cards are so obscure you have to use them to see how they work , and in a few cases the effect written on the card does n't do anything close to what it says . Case in point
 Capcom and SNK have been taking each other on for years in the arcades , culminating in a few fighting games featuring characters from both companies in all their fighting glory . SNK vs. Capcom Card Fighters Clash updates the card fighting series from SNK 's old Neo Geo Pocket series , and what could have been a solid card fighting game gets lost in translation thanks to some unforgiveable glitches and overall sloppy programming . There are 21 levels to make your way through as you discover the hundreds of battle cards featuring plenty of familiar Capcom and SNK characters like Ryu , Terry Bogard , and even Dante from Devil May Cry . What really could have made the game something special is the fact that the combat system is simple and easy to learn , which is a big plus for those unfamiliar with card games , real or digital . However , this is where the game 's good points come to an end . The battles , while simple to learn and get into , feature opponents that are way too easy to beat . You really will get through the single player mode in hardly any time at all . This may be a bit forgiveable if it was n't for some unforgiveable game glitches . The game has a habit of freezing up in play and in between combat as well , and you may find that the game does this quite a bit . This alone is what really kills what could have otherwise been a solid game . There are some pretty shallow multiplayer features and barely any use of the DS ' touch screen , which only round out a disappointing package . All in all , hardcore card gaming enthusiasts may want to give SNK vs Capcom Card Fighters Clash a look , but do n't expect anything special or even remotely good from it .
 No joke , SNK Playmore had acknowledged this bug a week ago and on that date they posted on the company forums , `` We 're looking into it . '' No response since . No update . My guess is this will wind up like Sudoku on the PSP -LRB- which had a bug where if you dropped below 80 % power the game would pause every 30 seconds -RRB- . They just swept that under the rug and said , `` Well , they ca n't all be winners . '' I am expecting we will never hear any response on this issue from SNK and it will fall on the retailer 's shoulders to supply refunds.Bad , bad idea to get this game .
 Like most other people , I knew about the game having a glitch that made it so you could n't continue on with the game at a certain point , and made it unable to get a 100 % clear file . That was on the cart that had a more colorful sticker on the actual game chip/cart/whatever . The ` fixed ' version had a grey background instead , and took care of that one problem . But after enjoying the game and getting close to 100 % , something still managed to ruin everything - my file was erased one day without warning . I had just played the game 20 minutes before , turning it off to go make a phone call . Heck , my DS was still on me , and when I started it back up , my file was gone . Everything I spent dozens of hours earning , gone . Because of that , I 'm telling you to not even bother with this game . When a ` fixed ' version has a problem this big , what 's the point?But if you still want to risk it , SNK vs Capcom Card Fighters Clash - is - a pretty fun game , though that 's only if you have another person to play against . The story mode is very stereotypically Japanese , and has your main character taking on opponents in card battles , curing them of the sudden darkness that overcame them in a great tower you 're all in . You work your way up , floor by floor , battling everyone and earning/buying more cards . The story 's boring , and you 're really only going to be playing this to see all the cool cards , trust me.Playing the game may look complicated at first glance , especially to someone who 's never played a CCG -LRB- customizable card game -RRB- before , like me . But in truth , it 's very easy to play . Each player starts out with 5 cards . You select which ones you want to put on the battlefield . You wait a turn , letting them activate and gathering power based on their respective colors -LRB- each one has different colors they belong to -RRB- , and as the color power adds up , you can use cards that require more power -LRB- example - one card requires 5 yellow power in order to be used , so you have to build up that much power via other cards -RRB- . When they 're ready , you can attack your opponent and their cards . Both them and their cards have their own HP , and once the opponent 's is gone , you win . Trust me , matches can go by pretty quick if you 've got a good deck , especially when some cards do over 1000 HP of damage , and your opponent only has 2000 HP most of the time . If things seem complicated in the game , you can always keep trying your hand at the lower level opponents and pay attention to how things work , but chance are you 'll get it after 3 or 4 matches . There 's always a nice tutorial mode too.There are A LOT of different Capcom and SNK characters here , many that will bring back memories from your childhood if you played their games in the early 90s . King of Monsters is represented here for crying out loud ! Sure , I did n't know every single character here , but I was impressed at the diversity both companies had , and was glad to see it was n't just King of Fighters and Street Fighter characters like you might think based on the cover art . The graphics on the cards are good , but battle animations are limited to usually one of these categories
 Pros
 We ordered this game as a Christmas gift for my son . . Needless to say , it was very disappointing to find that defective copies of the game are still on the market in Nov. and Dec. when the problem was discovered before May ! The recall has been going on for so long ther was no direct link on the company 's home page . You must web search to find the proper site and get recall instructions . We were instructed to ship just the game -LRB- defective game cartridge only -RRB- to the company . It took at least 4 weeks to receive a working game cartridge -LRB- which ironically arrived in just a waterproof envelope ! -RRB- I would have given the game a higher star rating as my son says it is enjoyable , but a flaw that affected so many games should have been corrected -LRB- and the defective cartridges recalled from the distributors -RRB- long before the holidays .
 The original Neo-Geo Pocket SNK / Capcom Card Fighters enjoys a fine reputation among hardcore portable gamers of old . 2007 's port sees the geeked-out fun dead and gone , and franchise talk has ended months ago . I wo n't be the first to note that SNK Playmore spared * every * expense in rushing this sleeper CCG to the green pastures of today 's handheld par excellence , but it bears repeating . Console markets with sales numbers like the DS will continue to sustain and encourage hack-jobs like this one , but that does n't mean those efforts should be forgiven.Among the onerous difficulties apparent in the first five hours of gameplay is a localization job that actually impedes the player 's understanding of individual card abilities and game concepts . For example , SNK Playmore 's editors saw fit to use `` ignominious '' correctly in the manual , while misstating the specifics on cards and in the tutorial . Hey , at least the kids will be prepping for their PSATs ! Coupled with the treachery of the in-game score and the mad-libbed inanity of the RPG `` story , '' there 's little motivation to appreciate the handsome card graphics.A less absolute blunder involves the introduction of an underdeveloped and unbalanced `` color/cost '' system of playing cards akin to the CCG ideal of M : TG . This should tend to produce excellent results with smart development , but Card Fighters battles are ultimately races to establish numbers first . Even numbers matter little , however , when the AI scripts are incompetent . On paper , the color/cost system promises hours of deck tweaking that forms the bedrock of the CCG genre -- but what incentive is there to delve into the potential intricacies of cost and color management when the AI handicaps itself at every turn ? Independent of other attack/defense numbers-based CCGs , the Card Fighters battle system could have simply forced involved deck editing and increased the importance and combo potential of the non-creature `` instants '' by limiting AI inattention . You 're left managing the same boring attacks in a cramped , economical battle screen , wishing for the killer combo that ai n't coming in your deck . The problems render the multiplayer option a moot point.All of this misery falls far short of the game 's fatal crash that prevents you from completing 25 % percent of the game . This is an unimaginable oversight that no serious developer would EVER let slip , even on a C-list game.To rephrase the consensus outrage about the slipshod effort put into this port
 This game did not work on my laptop . An earlier version , Scrabble Complete works fine .
 The game is fine but it will not last very long on my laptop as a CD is required to play the game . This is simply ridiculous . I would not have bought the game if I had known and advise anyone else not to as well .
 I 'm sure the game is good but I purchased the game for my grandmother because it 's the version she 's used to from her old pc and tried to install it on her new netbook -LRB- which has no cd drive -RRB- via iso/virtual drive . Game will not run . Apparently , the physical cd must be in a physical cd drive in order for the game to run . Complete waste of my money . Very disappointed because I spent many hours looking for the right version .
 Scrabble is a great game , but do n't bother with this poorly made version on CD-ROM . First and foremost , although the CD takes you through an `` install '' of the game to your hard drive , whenever you want to play the game you MUST have the original CD in your CD drive ! While I can understand the publisher 's interest in preventing unauthorized duplication of the software , there are plenty of copy protection methods available today -LRB- e.g. , a license key -RRB- that do n't inconvenience the purchaser by requiring the original CD to be in the PC . -LRB- Can you imagine if Microsoft did this with Word or Excel ? -RRB- Beyond the non-user-friendly copy protection scheme , I had problems using this CD on a brand new Dell laptop running Windows XP . After `` installing '' the game and playing briefly , I exited . When I wanted to return to the game and play again , the CD wanted to reinstall and then proceeded to spin endlessly . The packaging claims it is designed for Windows XP , 2000 , ME & 98SE , so this sort of problem is just inexcusable and reflects shoddy design.Bottom line
 The game does not run without the CD the drive -LRB- in this day and age this is ridiculous -RRB- - and my copy does n't run at all . I installed it and played about 3 games . The next day I put the CD in the drive and it wanted to reinstall and the drive kept spinning and spinning . Came out with a copy protection message telling me to I needed the Original CD , contacted the Copy protection people and they tried to help but were n't able to . Now I am stuck with no real way to contact Encore , but I can send the disk back and wait for a replacement in 4 to 6 weeks and see if this helps , which it may not . So I have a useless product , would return for my money back but already submitted for a rebate so am stuck with product that does n't work.The game is a very poor redesign of an older version in addition to hokey copy protection software that makes it inoperable
 I love Scrabble . I love practicing against the computer , which this games allows me to do . I * HATE * how this game requires me to have the original CD in the drive at all times in order for me to play it . I ca n't install it and put the cd away . I ca n't make a backup copy of the CD in case the original gets messed up . I have a laptop with a detachable CD drive , which I rarely carry . I had purchased this product with the intention of installing it on my laptop so I could play when I travel . All the dumb restrictions on this software do n't allow for me to use it in what I 'd consider to be a very typical situation . Do yourself a favor and skip this product . Do n't support crippleware ...
 After using Hasbro Scrabble Complete for many years I was really excited about a 2007 edition . It was such a dissapointment to see the terrible graphics and elementary platform produced by Encore . I have uninstalled it and went back to my Hasbro edition . Do n't waste your money on this loser .
 Scrabble is a great game and I was looking forward to playing it on my computer . In the process of installing , I got a message that this was not an original disk . I contacted my computer expert who could not install it either . He made several calls to tech support who gave him several different ways to install the program . None of them worked and even he finally gave up . Now I am disappointed and stuck with some useless software .
 Great graphics and heads-up gameplay , but I much prefer the Infogrames Scrabble in the red box , which allowed you to play against 2 or even 3 computer players . This version is well-done but too limited .
 Are you a Scrabble fan who owns a laptop ? Then forget this product -- you likely wo n't be able to install it , regardless of your operating system.Incredibly , Encore has released a product that only runs on desktop machines . And , more galling , the package does n't reflect this limitation . So you have to buy the game , try to install it , and when you ca n't -LRB- and it may crash your system ; it did mine -RRB- you have to go to the web site to find out the publisher 's engineers dismissed those of us who migrated to laptop technology . In essence , their lack of support for portables says
 worst game ever ! I played a demo for it and got killed a bajillion times because of the awful camera . The enemies are very frustrating and Van Helsing moves are awful . I got lost in a very small room because of the camera . Stay far away !
 Alright I know most people love the movie and the crapy game but , when I first saw the movie I thought `` great another worthless movie by todays media '' , and at the end I thought the whole `` MONSTER ON RAFT WONDERING OFF INTO THE OCEAN BECAUSE HE IS AN OUTCAST TO THE WORLD '' was more corny than `` Plan 9 from outer space '' , and after the movie was done , I even demanded my money back because I wasted a saturday night . Then later I found out about `` Van Helsing '' the video game and coincidently my friend had it for his ps2 and I watched him play it and these people where geting there bodys beaten , and they came out with out a drop of blood , And I thought the music wuz crapy and also the concept was the worst thing about it . I not saying you dont have to HATE it but what I am saying is ... SAVE YER MONEY !!!
 I gave this game 1 star beacause THEY DO N'T MAKE IT FOR GAMECUBE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game was too easy overall , the puzzles were too easy , and the bosses were too easy to beat . When I had beaten it was like `` is that it ? '' At the end I thought I was going to be able to fight Dracula as the werewolf like he did in the movie but I was sadly disappointed . It only took about 3 hours too beat . I do n't recommend anyone waste their money on this game .
 This game gets really boring really fast . I mean there 's only like 13 levels that are n't that fun and the overall gameplay is just plain stupid and too hard !!!!!!!!!
 I finished everything exciting about this game in about two hours . If you enjoy The Sims 2 and have the games then I would suggest not buying this game . There is only one possible outcome and after you 're done playing that then the game is like a stripped down version of the Sims 2 .
 Ok so I just bought this today . I have played Sims since the beginning . I 've always gotten expansion packs to go along with every game addition . I do n't know why I did n't pay closer attention but I bought this thinking it would play with my Sims 2 collection . It does NOT ! So I am very disappointed because I am not sure what the point is of these ` stories ' -LRB- Life and Pet -RRB- are . Why would I want to have to play something that I can not customize and am limited to when I could buy the full game and play it with the other additions . If you do not know what I am talking about then you do not own any of the Sims2 full-version games - ie , Deluxe or Nightlife , ect . So , I guess if you 've never played Sims before or do not have any of the Sims collections -LRB- if you do not then how would you know if you like it -RRB- so maybe if those are your cases then it might be worth the money . Otherwise , spend the extra $ 10 bucks and be limitless . I wish I could return it . : -LRB-
 I am not sure who this is for.I could not spend any time to find out more because it is very poorly built and odd looking graphics.Dumped it in trash within 5 mins after I opened the package .
 Recently , I purchased Xbox Live for the biggest reason that I bought an Xbox
 This is the worst product ever . It lags like hell . Also , my computer and xbox r in different rooms so i had to buy wireless equipment -LRB- $ 150 -RRB- to play it .
 I usually do n't author reviews , but this game was so disappointing , I felt compelled to do so . I was looking for a PSP game that was similar to an old gameboy advance title called ultimate card games . This PSP title does not even come close . Too much emphasis on dull graphics of characters in various scenes , while the card play seems almost secondary . Even when playing solitaire , the card game is played in a very small area of the screen -LRB- probably about 1/5th of the screen real estate -RRB- , while all the rest is dedicated to the silly graphics . You literally play solitaire while being distracted watching your poorly animated figure being bored sitting at a table . Even though you can alter the view , it does n't help . I downloaded several freeware flash based solitaire games that have much better playability than these games . Now let 's talk about online play . I guess they felt `` if we build it , they will come '' . Well , noone came . There is noone online to play , at least not at the time of this writing . I am authoring this because times are tough and money is tight - save your money for something worth it .
 To think that all I wanted to do was play Spades on the PSP and that this miserable game is the only choice for now . I could exist with the abysmal animations , but why ca n't we turn them off and just play cards ? But what really made me realize what a BOMB this game is that the game ca n't score spades correctly ! I thought it was a different set of rules than I learned , but no , the on-screen rules are the standard scoring system.To those of you who play Spades ; if a player bids 3 and makes 3 , you know the score is 30 . Well this game might make it 60 ! Or 33 . 3 +3 maybe ? Or if the bid was 3 and 4 books are made , the score should be 31 , but sometimes the game scores it 40 , sometimes 70 ! 3 +4 books?Since there are `` four '' players at the table and you can see their bids and what books they made and the score given to each player , you can see that there is no reason or rhythm to the score keeping . It jumps all over the place . It 's senseless
 I was really disappointed by this card game . I am a long time fan of diverse solitaire versions and have several installed in my blackberry , so I thought a psp card game would only be better , given better graphics and screen size . Very wrong . The game is slow , cards are shown really small in size , and dealing and moves actions are bland . You would imagine that with a screen twice the size of a cellphone you could see a complete image of a basic spider solitaire game , but you actually have to togle back and forth to get the whole display . Definitively not worth the money .
 I CA N'T BELIEVE THAT SONY AUTHORIZE THIS COMPANY TO MAKE AND DISTRIBUTE THIS FOOLISH CARD GAME . THEY WASTED LOT OF MONEY ON SILLY GRAPHICS RATHER THAN ON THE CARD GAMES . EVEN WINDOWS HEARTS , FREE CELL AND SOLITAIRE GAMES ARE BETTER THAN THIS CONFUSING GAME . SONY NEEDS TO REVIEW FIRST AND THEN LET THESE SMALL COMPANIES TO SELL GAMES IN THE MARKET PLACE . I WASTED $ -LSB- ... -RSB- DOLLARS SHOULD HAVE DONE SOMETHING BETTER WITH MY MONEY .
 This game have great graphics , and cool character to play with , skeletons or samurai or whatever , it has like 50 card games . But it sucks , i did n't like to play with it , i bought it , but i 'm gon na sell it over . Card games needs a screen touch like nintendo DS has .
 I cancelled the order for the psp because you kept delaying the delivery date and I went to WalMart and bought 3 of them right off the shelf . I was very disappointed in the pre-ordering process for this psp .
 This controller is garbage ; do not buy it . As you can see from the reviews here , it appears that about 2 out of every 9 or 10 actually work . Not exactly the greatest odds . And it would n't surprise me if the positive reviews were written by people who work for Performance , the makers of the piece of junk . I 've tried everything from detection programs to various hardware , to simply following the instructions that were included with the joystick . NOTHING WORKS . A waste of money , it is not compatible at all with Windows 98 . And since that 's the program most people have , I would definitely advise that you stay away from this controller . It will not work without certain hardware , and I agree with the other reviewer about checking out Driverguide 's message boards . There are hundreds of people looking for hardware that will make this thing work , and no one seems to have it . Try using something made by a better company , like Sony or Microsoft .
 I have already exchanged this joystick twice . It does n't work with standard Windows 98 drivers , and it does n't come with any software . Visit DriverGuide message boards for more unhappy customers .
 It does n't work at all . I assume I have gotten a lemon , according to the reviews , at least one of these things works .
 Not happy with product . can not calibrate properly . will not adjust-unable to play games since day one . No control - no fun - disappointing .
 I bought this Joystick thinkin that it would work for my computer , and It would n't I wasnt ' t even compatible with my computer . Do n't Waste your money , because it may not work for your computer either
 Well i wish I had read a few of these reviews before I bought mine.I have windows 98 and I have tried everything i Know to get it to work , nothing helps.So its of to file 13 just money lost . .
 InterAct released this product shortly before windows XP took over the world . They never had any plans of releasing XP drivers . The wheel is useless if you have a new computer . InterAct 's customer support in non-existant . Beware of any thing from InterAct .
 I have had the wheel for some time now -LRB- 1 yr -RRB- and hav n't been too impressed with it . It seemed to work OK for NFSIII Hot Pursuit -LRB- which it came with -RRB- , but I have had no end of problems getting it to work with Monaco Grand Prix Racing Simulation 2 . In Monaco , the pedals do n't work , you are either wide open throttle , or hammering the brakes . Because of this , I can not comment on the steering response -LRB- it is difficut to tell when you wheels are always spinning or locked -RRB- . No other racing games yet , but I 'm looking for a good one . This wheel seems to be getting varried reviews , some love it and others hate it -LRB- complaints of delayed response -RRB- . Look closely into this one before you purchace it .
 I 'm surprised at the number of good reviews I 've seen on this wheel - combined with the low price point , I had to get one . The install was smooth , until I updated the drivers and got VXD errors when I started Windows . Simple enough to fix , but annoying . The force feedback simply does n't work well . In Rally Champsionship , it works great for about 30 seconds and then quits . In Midtown Madness , all I get is collision effects . Same thing with Need for Speed III . Maybe I 'm the exception rather than the rule , but this one is going back .
 Wheels MUST be compatible with your sound and video cards or they wo n't work right . My installed sound card was not compatible , and tech support told me `` its not ever going to work with that sound card . '' -LRB- C-media was the sound card manufacturer . -RRB- I then bought what tech support recommended -LRB- any Sound Blaster -RRB- , so I bought SB X-Gamer . Now the wheel works for about ONE lap of one race , in `` Need For Speed
 Got this game for Xmas because I loved the movie , needed more games , and love food . And let 's face it , it 's on the cheaper side for a Wii game.The game is super cute in terms of story , animation , etc. . Mini scenes unfolding before your eyes , the rats talking to each other and stuff.But the game play is appropriate for a first-time gamer , this game is to the Wii like the training wheels to a bike . If you can beat level one in Super Mario Bros , you are too skilled for this game.Cute will only take me so far.I finally got to the salad making stage -LRB- as a foodie , the most enticing part of the description from the package -RRB- and it was just matching shapes . Neither thought nor coordination was needed.If you have a small child who wants to play Wii like his big brothers and sisters , this is a great game for them to play with . But if you 're reading this review , you 're much too old for it.Also , the camera / perspective changed so rapidly and dramatically that I got queasy -LRB- kinda car sick -RRB- after playing for an hour .
 My husband and I recently bought a Wii . I have n't honestly had a game system since my Colecovision back in the 1980 's , so this was all new to us ! While I have loved some of the games -- especially the Carnival game -- this one is a little more challenging and it takes forever to master the different challenges . As far as we can tell , you have to master the challenges or else you go back to where you were in the story to do it over and over again . Not too fun.The graphics are really great though and the story is cute . I 'm sure this is a great game for some people , but it just was n't for us . We 'll stick to the Carnival game and the racing ones for him . We just picked up the Bully game , too , and that one seems a little challenging but not nearly as hard to navigate with the controls .
 When the game first came out , it did not have the save game feature & had many performance problems . Then after a long delay Media mobsters came out with Patch 1.2.1 which had a checkpoint save feature not the save feature where you can save the game when ever you want . Also Patch 1.2.1 had lots & lots of bugs leading to occasional crashes & performance problems . You can read all about this in the official forum
 I bought this game because I was so fascinated with the Mafia world . I thought it was interesting to own a business and hire people to help you . But , do not expect the same quality as the `` Mafia '' game from the God Games . That game is just so much better than Gangland . Okay , you may argue that `` Mafia '' was more about action than strategy , you 're right ... but still you 'll feel disappointed when you play Gangland . There are some pro -LRB- s -RRB- and con -LRB- s -RRB- from this game :-LRB- + -RRB- Mafia theme , great ideas that allowing you to own business and hiring your own people . -LRB- + -RRB- Cheap price from Amazon
 i bought this game with high hopes , and regretably paid the full $ 50 , there are way too many things wrong with this game to list . Do NOT buy this game
 I also had the experience of this game failing to run past the title screen , just before the menu should come up . Thank you Mr , Partsch for letting us know that Activision 's customer service is as competent as their product testers . And yes , my computer meets the specs required to play the game so buyer beware !
 Don not buy this game . Its full of bugs on the playstation 2 and it wont even run on my computer . My computer will play Half life 2 but this game wont even load the menu without crashing . called up tech support and they will not help me at all . They said its a problem on my side . Well thx so glad i still cant play the game .
 I bought this game hoping for something similar to the GTA series . The game crashed my PC the first 5 or 6 times I tried to start it . After lowering my resolution -LRB- I have an ATI Radeon X700 card -RRB- , I was able to start the game.Unfortunately , it is clear from the start that the game is truly intended for joystick/gamepad users . I 'm a mouse/keyboard guy . You move your character around using the standard wsdf keys . The mouse control , however , was barely there . Also , to attack , you have to use the keys on the numpad !!!! How the heck are you supposed to move the character around and fight at the same time?I believe that most of the problems can be attributed to a very sloppy port of this game from console to PC . On a console , this game might be just fine.Luckily , I only paid $ 9.99 for this game .
 Product didnt even install at all , so what a waste of money . Tried to install it , the install was n't even listed in autorun and had to do it from inside cd file but it said cabinet file is corrupted
 i havent gotten it yet but i dont no if i should order it now after reading these reviews ... right a review if you actually liked this product .
 I would love to write a review for this product that I ordered , but I ca n't . Because , the post office deemed it `` unshippable '' so it was returned and I got a refund . If you order this , be warned , you may be disappointed such as I was .
 My 10-year-old would like to put it on eBay after trying it out for about 5 minutes.BTW , the adapter that came with the pad does n't work at all .
 Total ripoff ! This dance mat was not a true DDR mat . The songs are old & they do n't play the real music only makes an annoying beep sound . This was a total waste of money . My daughter was extremely disappointed . I think Amazon needs to not sell from this vendor !
 JUNKJUNKJUNKThe kids will hate this!It is absolutely terrible!Nothing like the real DDR game!Don ' t waste your money here!I tried to leave NO stars butthe screen would n't let me leavethe rating field blank!HORRIBLE !!
 Very disappointed ! Do NOT buy this product . After only two songs , the poor quality `` music '' gave us a headache .
 It was so disappointing ! This was not the real Dance Dance Revolution . It was really upsetting for Anna , my 12-year-old daughter , who was looking forward to this .
 will make a small child happy , but music is tinny and named for popular songs that sound like they were recorded in the back alley of thailand . definietly would not purchase again
 Ok , so I read the reviews and thought to myself I should n't buy it . . Well I found it for as low as $ 11.00 as it retails for like $ 90.00 on some websites so I thought what the heck for that cheap price , I 'd try it anyway . . I 'm so dissapointed , I do n't know where to start ?? The box says stereo quality music ?? So I thought it would be like listening to the radio , um no . . It was like listening to a video game . . Who gets motivated with music like that ?? Then the dance pad is cheap and hardly works right . . Its bad really bad . . I thought I was getting a good deal and would have fun with it , no . . Please do n't waste any money . . Its not worth a penny ... Listen to this review as I should have listened . . Very unsatisfied . . Its not worth the star I gave it but I had to put at least one or the review would n't take . .
 I ordered the Dance Dance Revolution TV Pad -LRB- No Console -RRB- for my child this Christmas . It was defective right out of the box . Only one of the touch pads worked . Just another example of cheap junk shipped from China.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!I was happy that I received a refund for this product .
 I made a huge mistake when I purchased this . Out of 1 to 5 scale for video and audio display . Video = 0 and Audio = 0 . Get the real game for the playstaion or Xbox . It is a lot better and worth the money .
 This product is so cheap ! Very hard to use and for the price , I thought it would be not so cheapy made . The graphics were cheesy and so 1980 Atari like .
 I feel completely misled by the ads for this product . This is NOT the same dance dance revolution I constantly see on Nintendo ads and in the arcades like I thought it was . I should have read the reviews first . I only hope to get my money back easily from the seller . I was waiting for this for a week after learning what a great workout DDR is . This particular product has graphics I have n't seen since the early 90s and you can barely tell what the songs are because the audio is like from an Atari game from the 70s . There 's only one speed and the dance pad does n't do anything ! DO N'T BUY THIS GAME !!!!
 When i bought this dance pad i thought it would be great . All it has are little arrows on a screen that barely say that you got ant right . The music is like the music on a gameboy like a mario game . I tried it onece and did n't like it if you have a playstation or X-box i sugjust getting a dance bad for them .
 I was made to think this was just like the DDR for Xbox or PS2.IT IS NOT.The graphics are HORRIBLE and remind me of old school Atari games and the music SUCKS . It 's just lame bad quality arcade music . No words or anything.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY NO MATTER HOW MUCH OF A DEAL YOU THINK IT IS.DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOT BUY .
 This is a very cheap version of DDR . It should n't be worth paying anything at all for it . Most of the time it does n't register the steps and even though there are 50 songs , they have no distinguishable beat and are really cheaply produced . I cant think of one good reason to buy this game .
 As with the previous reviewers this is not worth the money spent on shipping . I would gladly spend double the cost to send it back . It might as well be labeled DDR for you cellphone , the graphics and music are horrible . At least your cell phone could play decent music . Doom had better music to dance too . As I too bought this not wanting to spend the money on a console it not worth it . You 'll be sorely disappointed . mannyman
 I wish i would have read more customer reviews before i wasted my time waiting for this game . I was trying to avoid buying a playstation because i do n't play video games but this is just sad . Horrible horrible graphics , songs do n't have any kind of beat . do not waste your time .
 This thing is being advertised as Dance Dance Revolution . It is NOT DDR . It is just a cheap knock off not worth a penny . My daughter plays a DDR at afterschool and loves it . She received this for Christmas , tried it once and gave up within five minutes . She said , it says fifty songs but it plays just one . Well , the 50 `` songs '' all sound the same . They are not `` radio '' or `` stereo '' quality , rather just computer generated noise . Totally awful . Having tried it myself , I am very disappointed and do n't blame my daughter for not giving it a second glance . Total waste of money and total false advertising . This company should be investigated . Believe the poor reviews and skip this product !!!!
 I was n't ready to purchase a gaming system , so ordered the DDR TV Pad as a gift for my daughter . Not only are the graphics and music terrible , but the pad was n't anywhere near as sensitive as the PS2 and Xbox versions . My daughter quickly became frustrated as 95 % of her steps did n't register . I would recommend waiting until you can afford a gaming system .
 This item stinks!It is a 2004 version but my mother says it should be 1984 technology!My father says it looks and reminds him of PacMan !!! -LRB- But it 's not as good as PacMan ! -RRB- Do not be stupid and not read the reviews cause thats what i did!This product is horrible so DO N'T BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this as a gift to my nieces and I was very disappointed . It did not come with any instructions so we had to try to figure out how to use it . It seemed very cheaply made and not worth it !
 Was advertised and even referred to as a Dance Dance Revolution tv pad and its not a brand name as advertised . If you are going to refer to a specific product and use the name of the product then sell THAT product not a knock off ... just before christmas when there is no other option . We were disappointed that we didnt have an authentic brand name product . It is obviously a lesser quality as far a workmanship and the music and graphics leave a lot to be desired . We will be very careful from now on when purchasing something online to make sure the product is what it is being sold as ...
 I recieved the item a few days late and when I went to try it , it would not work . I was very disappointed . The only thing that appeared was an image of the pad on the TV screen but the contacts in the pad would not work to start the game . We never got to play so I am returning the game .
 alright dont buy this . this game has cruddy 8-bit graphics -LRB- NES Graphics -RRB- . the music is horrible ! its worse the MIDI Music ! its just stupid beeps that are made to sound like the song ! the dance pad itself is very bad too . it slides all over the dang place and it breaks down in days . also the sticky pads included are bad too they wear out in about a day .
 I ordered these mistakingly thinking they would replace the worn out pads for my teenage daughters ' PS2 DDR game . This is NOT compatable with PS2 and is made VERY CHEAPLY-I am quite dissappointed as the shipping was high and I ca n't return them . I will hesitate to buy online again !
 I did not get any instructions with this , so we basically had to try to figure it out.I would not buy this if I had to do again .
 I rarely get taken , but I did this time . One song played 50 times . No instructions . Pad not in tune with TV movements . This is going to a garage sale or charity .
 This is a TV dance pad , not the authentic DDR pad as we ordered . My children were disappointed in the music , graphics , and the lack of challenging levels of difficulty . They said it was `` cheesy '' .
 My husband bought me this for Christmas , and we were both disappointed . The graphics are awful , some give me a headache . The songs are awful -- they all sound alike . Its the kind of thing you can do on a cheap keyboard . The pad loses any sort of sensitivity very quickly . I 've had it two weeks , and already I 'm hitting the arrows but its registering a miss . I gave it two stars because my kids -LRB- ages 6 and 2 -RRB- love it , but then again , they do n't know any better . I am using it to get better at DDR , but then I will invest in a better pad and game .
 This game pad was wretched - it has very limited sensitivity and the graphics were broken . The music was in midi format - -LRB- Like listening to atari -RRB- and not at all fun.Also
 Dance Dance Revolution DDR TV Pad -LRB- No Console -RRB- This item is a total waste of money ! `` Stereo quality '' music ... not ! The graphics/music are comparable to the first Atari system my parents ever purchased ... in 1976 ! And ... no original packaging or instructions came with it . This was a Christmas gift for our son ... I 'm so glad we hooked it up before that special day ... he would have been so disappointed . Do not buy this item ... spend a little more and get something worth having .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this one . We had gotten an equally awful version for Christmas and my daughter discovered the real DDR system in her vision therapy class at school . It is supposed to be great for cooridination issues . We thought we 'd get a `` real '' ddr for home this summer . THIS IS NOT IT . It is even worse than the Christmas one . You can step exactly the same on the pad in the exact same time and way and you 'll get random results . Once it says you were PERFECT , next MISSED . Horrible for coordination training since it gives innacurate feedback . False advertising since it is a cheap knock off .
 I used to have DDR for Xbox and when my Xbox broke on me , I decided not to spend the money on a new one . However , I missed my DDR workouts everyday so I bought this as a replacement . I should have spent the money on a new Xbox . This product is not worthy of having the name DDR on the box . Imagine a dance pad game for Atari . Then imagine it is the worst possible Atari game you have ever seen , and that would be a close description of this game . There are 50 computer generated `` beeping '' monphonic sounds that irritate more than energize you . The rythem and the timing is off on all the songs , and the dance pad is very poor quality . It was n't even worth the cost of the shipping to have it delivered to my home . I wish I had sent it back without opening it . Now I 'm stuck with a game that even the pawn shop will not take .
 Atari like technology kept my kids interested for 15 minutes . Have n't used it since .
 IT SUCKS ELETRONICS IS FROM THE STONE AGE , QUALITY -LRB- WHAT QUALTIY -RRB- DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you do n't have a gaming system then this will offer some appeal . It has great durability ... if only they played with it more . But , the graphics and sound are a bit annoying .
 I do n't recommend this product is bad the songs are awful , nobody know them , you can ' t follow the steps because are so fast.I bought for my daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- in Christmas and feel bad for her because she does n't like it for the music , she even play once . So I decided to give it for somebody 's birthday .
 This is a worthless purchase . The sound is horrible ; it uses an unpleasant , hollow , synthesized sound . The score keeper does n't work accurately . I strongly urge you not to buy this !
 As soon as I received this product , I could n't get over the fact that it emitted a strong toxic scent . Most likely this product is made from PVC plastic , the worst kind of plastic for your health and the environment ! If you have children , I would steer clear of this product . Too bad they ca n't make a safer version , as it would have been fun for my kids .
 The shipping was prompt , but the product is crap ! Nothing like what was advertised , infact this is VERY false representation . The game has an original nintendo look to it , and no well known songs , also the music is such bad quality , seriously like listening to atari . DONT buy this product , you will regret it . I only wish I had read the reviews , before buying it . It would have saved me from the extreme disappointment .
 This game makes me so mad because I waited all that time to get it , and then all my hopes were shattered . I wish I would have read all the reviews BEFORE I purchased the item ! They do n't even sing to the music , and the graphics are like PACMAN ! ... not cool . But if you dont mind looking at the horrible graphics , and dancing to way unfamiliar music then this game is OK . Its still fun dancing to ... thats why I give it 2 stars .
 If you 're looking for an atari quality video game then this is your game . I thought that the graphics as well as the music was absolutely horrible .
 When I ordered this , I was expecting to not have the quality of the play station DDR . I was shocked to discover that it was n't even worth a dollar . In my opinion it is a horrible system with pathetic songs . I was unable to spend more than a minute looking at it before the disgusting smell of plastic overwhelmed me . Over four months later it still smells just as bad . I highly recommend NOT BUYING THIS !
 i bought this for my niece thinking it would be a plug and play version of the video game . this has nothing to do with the real Dance Dance Revolution game other than being a cheaply made imitation and using their name , which is not on the actual product . very disappointed !
 Before buying DDR , I read everyone 's reviews , and thought that after all of the bad reviews I might still like it . This product really fools you , this is why : ~ If you 've seen regular DDR you know what the pad looks like , well the dance pad and the box looks normal ... untill you turn it on ! ~ It says 50 Songs , right ? Well , it 's not really 50 different songs . About 20-25 of these songs are a trick-they combine 2 songs and make it into one track . ~ The graphics are horrible ... a screen looks like pieces of moving clip art stationed around the middle of the screen where the arrows are.I would n't reccommend buying this ... at all .
 I had an understanding when I purchased this item that it would not be as good as the PS2/Xbox versions -LRB- esp . concerning the graphics -RRB- but I thought that the sound -LRB- advertised as `` stereo quality '' -RRB- would make it worth saving money . I was dead wrong . I do n't know how sensitive the pad actually is because the songs were too indiscernable to find a beat . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 This is only an imitation of the DDR , there is not even the name of the maker on the box . I own a kiddie version of the DDR-TV -LRB- no console -RRB- by Kunami , and the quality of sounds and graphics are way above this one . Here , the `` music '' is barely an electronic tempo , and the welcome screen says 2004 ... Do n't waste your money , and look for something else .
 Have had trouble loading game , when I contacted company did not receive help from them . Have bought a new computer , am however playing a different game at the moment and have not tried to load morrowind . Hopefully will work on new computer when I get around to playing it . Very disappointed with their service .
 Thumbs down . Did n't even finish the first game . It was so hung up on graphics that it forgot that the purpose was the game itself !
 I thought it was a book and the place I had it shipped to discarded it so I ca n't say .
 I needed a sudoku source generated without the internet -LRB- my employer 's server blocks all sudoku puzzles ! -RRB- The layout is marginal . The rows and columns are difficult to read.The easy puzzles are ok but the medium is too hard . They require notation which I associate with the 4 star or hard level.The game was cheap and it is better than nothing but there must be better products on the market .
 My daughter is 4 and loves all things Disney . This game has a lot to offer and in the beginning she was very gung-ho about playing . But at this age , there needs to be rewards rather frequently to maintain their interest . In Phonics Quest , there are plenty of choices for her to choose from-which is great . And many of the games are quite educational . There is a game for sorting and listening skills . One for ryhming words . Another for patterns . There is simple spelling-fill in the missing letter , and so on . The problem with it is that the kids have to work for a long time to get each prize-the missing items from the castle for which Mickey is on a quest . By a long time , I mean that they have to answer about 20 or more problems in each of the 6 rounds . Then , there are 6 prizes in all to get . Now , after all of this hard work , one would expect a little fanfare for the kids to make it worth fighting for . But the fan fare is almost non existent and then just rushes you off to do it again . I find its the fan fare that keeps them coming back for more . Jaclynn has stopped coming back for more after about 4 rounds and dubbed the game boring .
 In a word , disappointing . We purchased this game thinking it was representative of Disney interactive products . At first , our five year old son enjoyed playing it but quickly bored of it . Kids have to repeat the phonics exercises over and over and over again - sometimes more than 10 times - to receive any kind of fan-fare or reward in retrieving the Sorcerer 's lost items . Excellent graphics and great activities but there certainly should be more verbal or graphic reward as incentives to make the child want to further pursue the game . Kids of this age react much better to more frequent reward ... and this game just disappoints for computer active , advanced children . Other Disney products have been better received .
 I bought this title yesterday . My 4 year old son loved the graphics and the games , but - as others have said before me - they go on for wayyyy to long . He was answering them correctly , but more questions just kept coming . He lost patience after the 10th question in a row , and moved on to another activity only to find the same thing.As a parent , I was disappointed in the `` phonics '' of the program . I am teaching my son to read at home , and he is sounding out words very well . This program does n't teach you how to sounds out words , it just asked you to identify the words with the pictures . For example , my son would see the word TABLE and just sounds the first letter and guess that the picture of the table went with the word . Now , he was correct , but this did n't really teach him anything but how to be a good guesser . Even if he liked this program , I would not want him to use it because it does n't teach him the `` phonics '' building blocks to really be a good reader .
 Pros : - Character customization is great . I 'm a sucker for job systems.Cons : - The characters are the worst characters out of any creative work ever made . Seriously , they have no redeeming qualities whatsoever . I was literally cringing during almost every cutscene . - The plot is utter trash . It 's just a really dumb and basic story . - The battles are way , way , way too easy . - The achievements attached to the game are ridiculous.I 'm glad I got this for an incredibly cheap price , because I would feel very ripped off otherwise .
 I was n't sure what to expect from this game but it came with the system for free so I decided to try it out.First the good . The battle system is actually kind of fun . There are some decent bosses and enemies that require some different strategies to take care of . There are some decent customization options for your characters . That 's pretty much it for the good.The bad - Where to start ? Well , let 's start at the beginning . The opening scene is just awful and as soon as this game starts you will dislike the main characters immensely . Really ... the landshark ... just stop game . Every character in this game -LRB- aside from maybe Kluke -RRB- is just down right awful . Shu is annoying -LRB- He 'll let you know many times throughout the course of the game that `` he wo n't give up '' . -RRB- , as is Jiro -LRB- who is my new personal favorite word to call someone who fails at being a hero since he fails hardcore in this game while trying to save Kluke . -RRB- . Then they introduce Marumaro later on ... and made me want to kill myself . This thing is my least favorite character of any game ever made . I do n't just dislike him , I hate him . Not only is he just a bad overall character , but it sounds like they got a 4 year old to do his voice acting . This would n't be horrible in of itself but he talks a lot and every line he says he screams annoyingly loud . You ca n't choose to mute him as he randomly pops in during conversations with his screeching . It got to the point where I would yell at the screen anytime he would talk because he is that obnoxious . I wish they had given me the ability in this game to go through his village that you visit and slaughter every last one of his people . What does n't make any sense though , is that the other characters actually like this freak , which makes me dislike them all the more . I feel bad later on for Kluke when Shu and Jiro try to woo her . It must be pretty awful knowing these are the only two losers that want you . Zola is n't too bad but then you find out she enjoys hanging out with Marumaro and you dislike her too . Then there 's the bad guy Nene and his stupid pet . They 're both pretty awful as is his terrible plan.Story - I 'd describe it but then I 'd be giving out spoilers as most of it is the terribly designed plot of the main bad guy . It 's pretty awful , let 's leave it at that.Music - There 's nothing really good or bad about the music . There is one interesting part though . The first time you fight a boss battle and you hear the music start playing , you 'll be like , `` what the heck is this '' . This plays for every boss battle along the way with the exception of maybe 3 or so . You will remember this song for the rest of your life . The first time or two you hear it , it might annoy you . Once you hit the third or fourth time you 'll actually find it catchy . Link included if you want to listen to it . -LSB- ... -RSB- Battle animations - This is a huge annoyance . I do n't know when RPGs decided that I enjoy watching my characters or the enemies take 20 seconds to do something but I really hate it . This is n't every enemy in this game but there are a few . The worst offenders are some fire creatures -LRB- do n't remember what they 're called -RRB- around the mid-point . They take about 20 seconds + to do their attack . I ran into a group of 3 or 4 of them and they got the first strike . I literally sat there for almost 2 minutes watching them dance around prior to their attacks before I finally got to do something . This one regular battle took me more then 5 minutes to finish.Searching through town - This gets it 's own topic because it 's vastly annoying . Almost every object in this game can be searched in towns or dungeons to attempt to find treasure -LRB- money , exp , a stat boost item -RRB- which you 'll find often . The problem is that every time you search something , the game does a 3-5 second animation of your character searching through the object . This would n't be a huge problem but there are well over a thousand things you can search throughout the game . The worst is when there 's nothing in the object and you still have to watch the search animation and then it just says `` nothing '' when it 's done . Why would you do this ? Why make such a huge time wasting animation ? It 'll often take you around a minute to clear a small room . You do n't have to do any of this if you do n't want to but later on there is a character you talk to who gives you decent rewards based on the number of `` nothing '' objects you 've searched . If you 've been searching throughout the game , this will be a very high number.Difficulty - The game is relatively easy . I did n't die once throughout the course of the main game . You will also get a huge number of random items throughout the course of the game that you will never find a time to actually use.Overall - I finished the game , but it 's a chore to do so more often then it is fun . There are way better RPGs out there with way better characters , story , game play and difficulty . Do n't bother with this .
 I just finished Blue Dragon after putting about 60 hours in . I thought based on the great reviews that I 'd be in for a treat . I was quite disappointed . Here 's my quick summation : General take
 This game was touted as a throw back to the old days of RPG 's . But basically you just watch a gajillion cut scenes and then fight non stop . Got bored after about an hour and a half and have n't touched it since .
 If you are old enough to be thoroughly considering your options in what game to purchase next , then you are likely old enough to start having more mature tastes by now . A choppy framerate , and a shallow and derisive story can not be saved by the uncommonly good musical score . Try instead `` Lost Odyssey '' , which is an extremely solid choice for those who feel a need to scratch that turn-based RPG itch on the Xbox 360 , and a much better value for your time and money .
 I am not an active gamer , yet ` Blue Dragon ' was way too easy even for my standards . I do n't mind playing easy games that are fun . But ` Blue Dragon ' has provided me no entertainment value whatsoever . After having started the game , my character did not die once . I understand this game is one of the first turn-based RPGs for XBOX 360 . But the team behind making ` Blue Dragon ' had the former Final Fantasy creator contributing to its work . So I 've had quite the high expectations prior to purchasing this game . Unfortunately , ` Blue Dragon ' brought me nothing but boredom that I stopped playing after several hours .
 This game is not only boring , it is horrible . I have been a Toriyama Akira fan since dragonball was on JUMP ! , but this is a nightmare . Te characters are not lovable , the graphics are good but all the humans & monsters look stupid , and the slime is replaced by a poo monster . Even in Japanese , its ridiculous . This game might be good for 3rd graders , but I would feel bad giving it to anyone . The game gets worse and worse as you play it . Dragon Quest lovers , beware - this is not dragon quest and unless you are in love with grinding for absolutely no reason stay away . You ca n't pay me to play this game .
 Blue DragonNew to the Japanese RPG genre I was both excited and a little apprehensive about Blue Dragon . I put disk one in and much to my surprise was completed engrossed and enthralled.The graphics are gorgeous , the environments however are a little bland.Pros
 BE WARNNED !!! This software did not run properly on any of my Vaio computers . And of course once opened , you own it ! Wow , what a joke .
 Ordered this along with the Atari 80 game package . Instead they sent me 2 copies of the same Activision Anthology . I tried repeatedly and the Activision Anthology does not work with my brand new Toshiba P205 laptop running Vista OS . I have 2 copies to give away . Might make nice coasters .
 ... this would be a great retro game . Problem is , half of the titles wo n't load . Flat out - this game do n't work . Period .
 No in game saves makes the game impossible to beat ! The Max Payne format would have made this a fantastic experience . Do n't waste your money .
 Never received the product from `` Nothingbutsoftware '' after I had placed my order . They sent it twice and never received it . So I can not give an honest review
 the game is lame . it was good enough to keep me playing for i believe a grand total of five minutes . ive had more fun with an eraser . not worth it . the map is dumb , the interface is cluttered and hard to figure out and the whole game is stupid . you have to write down a code for each stupid level even and the booklet gives no room for that .
 Despite what the cover says , this game does not work . It plays , but can not actually be played . I can access the menu options just fine , but there is no way to control the character .
 I received the item promptly but found it would not install correctly and faile to launch . Do n't recommend .
 It is a hard case that looks nice at first glace . First the stupit thing broke on the inside at the trays henge than the outer casing broke when it fell of my bed . My bed is only about 2feet off the floor . so i thought hay i will just use the tray well if any of your umd 's have had there cases replaced you can forget about geting them in there with out fighting to put them in it and even then they usely wount go in all the way.It also comes with a umd cleaner I thought ok mabie this isent a tottle waist of money boy was i wrong the cleaner worked ... . but not without leving a ring that wount wipe off on the disk its self.So this product is a totel and compleat Failur.I strongly sugest just geting the Umd case 8 It works MUTCH better .
 Purchased 2 of these to store my UMD 's . The plastic pockets fit the UMD movies and games so tight that its next to impossible to remove them . It almost forms a suction around the UMD . I am getting rid of both of mine . One of my games has already been damaged from storing it in this case .
 I bought this because I have more than 8 UMD 's that fit in that standard one that hold 's just 8 . The games are hard to get out ! When you put them in ... it is like suctioned in ! and you have to struggle to pull UMD out . One little pocket even tore a bit . I know they can make something better than this . I am still waiting !!!!
 NOT A WELL DESIGNED PRODUCT.Latch on case does not work well.After using this case my games now have scratches on them . Do n't waste your money . Cloth made cases are much better .
 This product works , when it 's not full . I have many PSP movies and games , and asked my husband to buy this for me to take on a trip . When it was fun , it would not close . As long as the last couple of slots were not full , it was working .
 this case is garbage i could n't close the case all the way without worrying about breaking the games . Need to make the case big enough to accomodate the umd games
 bought two of them hoping to get all our PSP games and movies in . Well it comes with 4 plastic sleeves that each holds 4 games per sleeve . Problem is if you use all the sleeves and put PSP Games/movies in them . then the case WILL NOT close . So still looking for a great case for them .
 geometrically impossible for this to hold even half of what they say it does . latch never functioned properly . not even worth the postage or the trouble to send it back to amazon . the cool aluminum parts will last 40-50000 years in the landfill i am going to put this in .
 It doesnt fit my regular psp system . I wouldnt advse to buy this . No where on the packaging does it state for a different psp . First time I had a problem with a product .
 i thought that games are supposed to gradually get more difficult as you go from level to level , not just be difficult all around . i played for about 5 min and hated it !! i thought that it had potential and seemed somewhat unique , but what 's the point when you ca n't get anywhere ?
 The stages on this game are way too hard . They expect you to aim a blowgun and blow into the mic at the same time . You ca n't see where you are aiming and even if you aim in the right place , it wo n't acknowledge your hit and you miss . One of the stages is mostly luck . The stampede stage totally sucks . They expect you to tap a thousand hearts on the screen in 3 seconds . The controls are sluggish too . You could be tapping exactly where they want you too and they will not acknowledge it . Unless I can find a cheat code to skip these rotten stages , this is the most disappointing sequel I have ever played .
 I purchased this product and found out after I bought it that 2 of the 3 frequencys are taken by radio stations in my city . The one that was not , was bracketed by the others so that reception was poor.Also , something about the PSP does not work with this device without interference . When my backlight was on , the interference was horrible.All of these could have been due to the `` electronic accoustics '' of my car or city , but I did want to warn everyone that this may not work for you . I picked mine up at EB Games in Chattanooga , TN , USA . It does not work here , other than as a charger .
 I bought mine on the cheap from a Sam Goody.Good things : It charges the PSP in the car.It does play sound via the radio ... Bad things : ... but it ca n't seem to charge and play at the same time without horrible interference . Figuring that I could n't do much worse , I pulled the power cord out while leaving the headphone plug for the receiver in . Most of the interference cleared up -LRB- although not all -RRB- Buzzing sound even with power cord out . This buzzing sound is n't terrible - it 's kind of like if you have a radio channel with a little interference . It might truly be the backlight like the other review said - I usually change tracks a lot , so I 'm sure my backlight was never out.It did play music from the PSP fairly well , and as I 'm betting the receiver is in the cord , the closer you can get said cord to your car 's radio antenna , the better off you probably are . I got it on the cheap , so I 'll tinker with it and if I get better results with any modifications , I 'll post the results . Otherwise , you may want to look at other options .
 I bought this for my son and it does n't work . It appears to be junk and I would not recommend purchasing this item
 now i have a problem i bought a action replay but it was a datel action replay like for 3ds/dsi xl/ds lite but Anyways i wanted the regular action replay the one where you put the ds game instead the action replay but i couldnt cause it was closed up and i was hella mad anyways i wan na make sure i get the ds lite action replay like the picture is suppose to be : -LRB-
 First off i got the dsi version ... Wrong ORDER !!!! and the dsi version did work and was fun for an hour and ten didnt work at all totally B.S Not worth your time or money DO NOT BUy
 In the words of JJJ
 I love action replay , but something went wrong . The action replay wo n't get into my DSi . I have to TAPE it in there . I liked it at first , being able to get a fateful encounter Meloetta , but then it stopped working and it went RRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYUUUUUUUUUUYUUOOOOOOOPOOOOOOOOOOO.And I REALLY want a Deoxys . And thenI forgot that action replay did n't work and I threw a regular pok&eacute; ball at Terrakion
 Installed SW on Windows XP , it recognized the Action Replay but the Action Replay refused to recognize the PC . My son still wanted to use it since it comes pre-loaded with `` cheats '' but then it lost all its memory . It is now an Action Return .
 I was so excited to buy this product and became even more excited to see it arrive at my doorstep . After that , however , all the fun was exterminated . Once installed , I was forced to look at my monitor loop the words `` Waiting for DS '' in the code manager window for a half hour without anything happening . After rebooting , reinstalling , using different USB ports , praying to any deities I could think of , google-ing through numerous message boards , and after waiting for a day or two to try it again , I am still left with a useless product . I am not the only one who suffered through this as well , since going though message board after message board -LRB- as well as a few reviews on Amazon -RRB- I see that there are many in the same boat as I am.It 's not even the newest generation -LRB- where you put the DS game directly into the AR itself -RRB- , rather it 's where you have to switch the AR and game out to actually play . That may not have made much of a difference , but I was expecting the most up-to-date software/hardware available . My friend had used his AR on my computer and it worked very well . I assumed mine would work just as well.I would have liked to have reviewed this product with a slightly less horrid tone , but it was hard for me to find anything great about a usless USB cable and DS cartridge .
 I have gone through two of these things already ! Both times , it would not connect to my PC to update the codes . I tried it on my own , as well as 3 other computers , and it still did n't work . I tried everything Datel told me to do , like updating my drivers and everything else . Still did n't work . When I called the company back a third time , they basically told me it was n't their problem and I would just have to buy another one . What the hell is that ?!?! On top of all that , it recently started to overheat and has now completely stopped working.Don ' t waste your time or money on this piece of junk !
 I ordered and received the Action Replay ds for ds lite and ds . We inserted it into the ds lite and it does n't stay in . The only way we could get it to work was have my son physically hold it in which makes it impossible to play . Emailed the address on the invoice over two weeks ago and no response as of yet . Going to email again .
 I bought the Action Replay for my 10 yr old son . Neither my desktop or laptop would recognize the device to download new game codes . -LRB- I went online to discover that many people are having the same problem . -RRB- But my son was still happy with the Action Replay because it already had some codes available on the device . It did recognize a couple of the games he already owned . But what was really disapointing was that it only worked up until a couple days ago . My son got only a month of playing time before it died . When the Action Replay did work ... he did enjoy it though . Right now he 's begging for another one . Maybe we just got a lemon .
 I do n't know if this changes anything but I 'm the son of the account owner . I got the idea of buying one when my friend got one . I saw him have the best time with it . I bought one , and it did n't work at all . When I tried to start the game it said that it could n't access the saved data . I 've heard other people say that it does this a week or so after they bought it . I tried it right after I bought it , and it did n't work . Luckily , it did n't mess up any of the saved data it the game . I 've also heard people say that it ruins the whole game to where they have to start over . If yours work , then you 're in pretty good shape . If it does n't , then really bad things could start happening . The least worse thing would be that you have to buy a new action replay , and hope that it works . Whatever you do , DO N'T THROW AWAY THE RECIPT AND PACKAGING !!!! So you can turn it back in , and get you 're money back .
 AVOID ! Do n't buy it ! Do n't let your kids buy it . The dongle does not stay in the DS . My son held it in place as the DS is sprung to push it out . The software kept failing and sending error reports to Microsoft . I tried it on two laptops . One was used for about six months . The other is nearly new with a fresh install and complete updates.Even if the software worked , the hardware not locking into the DS is a show stopper . Its Junk!All in all , the worst piece of game software I have ever seen . My son , who had waited five days for this to come in , was heartbroken.We are just going to throw it out .
 Returning the product now for an exchange . Here is my reason . `` The cartridge does not make contact with the slot in the Nintendo console . I have to press down on it to make contact . I ca n't expect my daughter to be able to do it every time she starts up a game `` When I press down and then boot up , I can manage to boot to the Action Replay home screen . I think that this issue is due to either manufacturing or design flaw in the manufacturing process . I scoured the web and saw many other people with the same issue . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a great product until it melts . My son saved his own money and purchased it . A few months later it melted . I have read several posts about this happening a lot . I would not purchase again , it is not safe .
 This is a cool product with a lot of support online , however despite the online support , updates , etc. , this product still is far from perfect . ALMOST EVERY GAME I use with it initially says `` UNKNOWN GAME '' even though in the manual it states this `` rarely happens '' and is due to different versions of the game being released . It does n't rarely happen , it almost always happens . It is a lengthly process to get by this which the support for the product describes , and even after going through it , it still does n't always recognize the game and therefore you can not use the provided codes with it.its a shame , because it is a cool product , and like I said , its obvious that the company has put in a lot of work to provide support for it . Unfortunately , at least in my experience , its more of a pain then its worth . Beware of this .
 Like a lot of people have said , this is a lot of fun , for a while , then it breaks , my particular issue was the codes vanished and when i tried to put them back on the action replay claimed it was filled with codes , but it was empty . After leaving it plugged into my computer for maybe five minutes the action replay began to melt ! Needless to say ive given up with this peice of junk and ca n't imagine i will get a new one .
 Tried getting two operating systems -LRB- XP with SP2 and Vista -RRB- to recognize this product but neither would -LRB- I followed the instructions to the `` T '' -RRB- . The manufacturer provides no response when attempting to troubleshoot the issue . I would not waste my money on the Action Replay . My son ended up being the most upset/frustrated by this device not working . Your money would be better spent on a game or a player 's guide or something .
 I 'll make it real short . If you have a Mac computer , you 're out of luck with this one .
 I bought this for my son . He LOVED it . It worked great for a few weeks , then just stopped working at all .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but I would feel really guilty not to let other people know how bad this product is after what my son just went thru . My son wanted this item very badly for Christmas , but he did n't get it . After reading the reviews , I warned him that it looks like that this item breaks very easily , but he wanted to take the chance , so I decided to get him one . He was so excited that he could n't wait for the item to be shipped ; therefore , I decided to take him to a store and bought it for him . He was so so happy . For my surprise , all in a sudden , he screamed crying
 This thing does n't work , period . The operator 's manual is absolutely the worst manual I have EVER read . A useless product . You are throwing your money away if you purchase this thing .
 We purchased two of these for two different kids . Neither one of them worked . When we plugged them in , we would just get a white screen . I tried to contact the manufacturer to see if there was a solution to this problem , and they never responded . So , we sent them back .
 The cover tricks you by saying it has codes that work . It does n't ! I gotmine at a Gamestop in a mall closest to me . It worked for Super Mario Bros. & only the Dalmation & Friends nintendogs version and when I tried to load more of the games I had on to the game , it took more than 3 days to be done with it . then when I tried to use it , it would n't even come on ! You know how when you turn the DS on , it comes up with a screen that you can choose your game , or pictochat it totally skipped that ! But when I put in a nintendo gane , it worked . So I returned it a week later and got my money back . The guy that worked there said he got 9 out of 10 back . So I recommend staying away from it . LISTEN < IF YOU BUY IT CONSIDERD YOUR SELF WARNED !!
 it was out of date so i got eh firmware update from the site . this killd the card . I have not heard back from the site about replaceing it either
 Let 's be honest , people buy this to play pokemon . One problem , the action replay does n't work with the current versions . There is an update that will allow it to work , and that would be great if the software worked properly and would recognise that my ds is connected to the computer , but sadly it wo n't and I am not the only one who has this problem . I have looked around online all day and apparently the problem is very common . So yeah basically if you want to spend a lot of time trying to get the update to work only to be dissappointed , then get this . Otherwise save your money .
 I ordered the DS Lite Action Replay and was sent a Action Replay DS EZ and I am not happy with it . I refuse to spend my hard earned money to make a long distant call to this company to tell them to send me what I ordered . I am so tired of online companies takeing my money and not sending me what I ordered without notifing me that the item that I order is no longer availbe and a replayment will be sent or ask if I want my money back . What has happened to the customer service in this world today . I recomend that you do not buy from this company as you may not get your exact order.Sep . 9 , 2011 ... updateInstead of wasting my time ans fuel to send this item back i kepted it . I just opened it and found that it would not work in my DS lite so i put it in my orignal DS and it worked . If i could give this item 0 stars I would . I strongly recommend that you `` DO NOT '' buy this item from this seller .
 This product worked right for most of the first week and then it stopped working entirely , leaving me with a heartbroken 12-year-old daughter . I will be looking to see if I can get my money back
 My cousin bought the action replay . I watched my cousin use his ds lite with action replay . The problem was that first he had to get his ds lite to freaze in the beging . Since I really needed his games help I put it in my dsi . From then on sometimes my game would either freaze while I was playing it or would not read my game.And note that I did not even have the action replay!I also had not put the action replay in my dsi.But I think the only good thing are the cheats . Bottem line THE ACTION REPLAY SUCKS !
 this is a waste of time , money and plastic . dont even bother it doesnt work . its garbage .
 I ca n't give a good review since I ordered a action replay max , and received a regular action replay .
 I have told the seller , that they have mailed me incorrect one , but so far they have not mailed me yet .
 DOES NOT WORK , KEEPS UPDATING , WILL NOT EVER STOP UPDATING . INSTRUCTIONS ARE LAME , SUPPORT IS EVEN WORST . THIS HAS BEEN THE MOST HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD WITH GETTING A PRODUCT TO WORK AT ALL . I WOULD NEVER BUY THIS OR ANY OF THEIR OTHER PRODUCTS IN MY LIFE . PLEASE BEWARE , THEY WILL NOT SUPPORT THIS PRODUCT .
 So , I was having trouble beating a ds game . So i bought this . It helped , but it took FOREVER to scroll throught cheat codes -LRB- that also means that there is alot -RRB- so , my friends -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- each bought a copy of their own , the firt one who bought it had it for awhile , but it broke on the same day mine did , my second friend , whop bought it later on , put it in his ds and realized that his was broke , my third friend , bought it a month ago and his still works -LRB- I doubt for long -RRB- . So , its up to you , buy it if you need it for like a week , but do n't be suprised if it breaks in a week!my suggestion , DONT BUY IT !
 Do n't even THINK about buying this . I 'm disgusted with you . You call yourself a gamer ? Or a Pokemon Trainer ? A real gamer / Pokemon Trainer would know better than to buy CHEATING DEVICES ! Do n't deny it , you know it 's true . Be a good person . Do n't buy this . Think of the Pokemon that have been hurt by these things . We can stop this ! If you want an advantage on your games , buy an official strategy guide from Nintendo Power or Prima . Anything with a Nintendo Seal is fine . Now I want you to take that mouse or track pad of yours and close out this product detail window . Just close it . Now . It 's the right thing to do . So do it . Got ta Catch 'em All ! -LRB- without cheating -RRB-
 This is a truly garbage , do n't buy it . My both computer -LRB- one desktop one laptop -RRB- ca n't detect this device when I connected the cable to it . . If I can give negative 5 star on this thing , I will .
 Take our advice ans do n't buy this game . My son purchased this and it never worked properly . He was unable to get it to download any new games . He was able to use it once but after that it caused his screen to go blank!We are going to send it back to the manufacturer . Hopefully they will replace it . If they do we will post again .
 I purchased this along with the R4DS system . I never once got any use out of this piece of junk , and no one will buy it back at a used game store place . Most of these cheats can simply be activated in-game via manual typed in code sequences , or , if your running any kind of mod cart , they offer cheat code support . Do n't spend your money on this thing , -LSB- ... -RSB- or -LSB- ... -RSB- , you 'll find codes for your games there for free .
 This product is not good and has deficiencies and is now with no scanned and statements would not buy this product again
 My son got one of these as a birthday gift , downloaded all the codes , and played once . After that , his games were ruined.I contacted a local store and asked them their experiences of this product and they unequivocally to not buy it , because it will eventually ruin all your saved games and then possibly your DS.Stay away .
 I got this for one reason only , Animal Crossing Wild World . After I put the game in it said unknown game . I tried all i could and still could n't get it to work . I finally gave up and now just keep it for my friends . If your ever wanting Action Replay . I think you should do your homework before you buy , or you will probebly just be throwing $ 20 or so dollars away .
 Does not have the proper drivers for Windows XP . Could not get the game to work . Complete waste of money
 Do yourself a favor . Do n't do it . This product is too buggy to have been released to the market .
 I bought this for my daughter 2 times when she still had the DS lite . When she used it , the whole game codes erased it self . She like using it but it was a waste of money ! Some codes freezes up her games and the ds lite . I bought her a DSi and it does n't work on DSi . It only works on DS and DS lite . The first one it got bricked when she updated the Action Replay . The second one was working fine but when I bought her the DSi , it did n't work . It just say `` There is nothing insert in the game card slot '' . The first one it shows stripes and on ds lite it says `` There is no game card inserted '' . I overall this prouduct 1 star . What a waste of money !
 The documentation is among the worst I 've read , including the instructions for setting a cheap Chinese watch.The user interface is by far the worst I 've seen.On the Main screen , the top display includes a logo , the version , a status bar and 3 numeric fields which are not described . The bottom display has a Start button , a mouse icon , an asterisk icon and a wrench icon . The documentation does n't tell you which does what function , but it 's not too hard to figure out . Tapping the Start button starts the game . If you have the patience to sit and tap on the other buttons for long enough , something else might happen.Or might not.If you get to the Code Select screen -LRB- the asterisk icon -RRB- , you see a list of codes in the top display and 6 icons plus a Start button in the bottom . The documentation does n't mention the Start button . It seems to have been added because people could n't figure out the icons , which include three navigation arrows , another asterisk , a box of some sort , and the icon that people could n't figure out was supposed to mean Start . I do n't know how to describe it.We never got any of the other icons from the main screen to do anything.Since we could n't get to the Update screen , we could never connect to the PC . I 'm sure that would have been a whole new adventure .
 My Nintendo DS Action Replay did n't work . The return policy is something I do n't get and have never had to use . I tried using it with every single one of my games and every time the title screen just said `` please insert game cart '' . Hopefully cart is short for cartridge or else whoever sold me this useless piece of junk did n't even try sending me something he knew would work . What a waste of $ 18 .
 i assume this an ` ok ' product , if you can get it to work.it didnt work in our ds lite game system . we are very dissapointedit was a waste of money .
 I bought this Action Replay for my son . The first one broke within the hour . Luckily I was able to get another one through the seller on Amazon . Shortly after we received the second Action Replay it also broke . It was a waste of money !!!!
 The product advertised here is a DS Lite Action Replay -LRB- ASIN
 i have had my action replay for about 2 years and i found it to be a a good thing for a bout 2 to 4 months if you do not update it i updated it all the time , but update it often enough so its not always behind . I started notcing it would take longer and longer to update and each time the AR would not work as well the codes would work but it mite freez your ds and that makes it run slower . So all it was not worth the money you pay for in my experence .
 One of the major reasons to have an action replay is to backup your save files and modify them -LRB- in programs such as pokesav -RRB- , sadly , this product is missing this feature , and it 's not advertised anywhere on this page.Another problem is this product only works on Windows XP and Vista -LRB- luckily I have a computer running XP , you might not be so lucky -RRB- ; No Mac support at all , and I 'm not sure about Windows 7 . The problem with the windows driver is that it regularly malfunctions . If you plug it into your computer one day , it may not recognize the computer . My AR started overheating when the computer did n't recognize it , but it luckily did n't damage my DS.If you want to use cheat codes , get the AR Media Edition or the DSi version if you 're using a DSi , they have better features .
 This action replay is more brittle then glass . It breaks easily , and is very hard to use if you have windows vista . The code manager only works for windows xp . Meh .
 I was soo happy when my action replay came in the mail.But as soon as I put the action replay in my ds and cut it on , it never worked . It froze every time .
 the cd is not inside the item le d&eacute;lais a &eacute;t&eacute; trop long et il manquait le cd pour intaler sur lordinateur
 Overall , I have to say that I 'm at least disappointed by this product . Sure , it comes in handy if you want to keep yourself from dying -LRB- or at least just give yourself a little more gold -RRB- , but the thing that sucks about it is that the device will cease to function within a month.I 've bought one of these three different times from three different vendors -LRB- once directly from Datel 's website -RRB- , and every time , it stopped working within a month or so of use . The DS would no longer detect the cartridge at all.And good luck trying to get customer support from Datel . The codejunkies help forums have been `` temporarily down '' for several years , and the customer support 's e-mail bounces . The only time I 've ever gotten any sort of response from Datel was when I attempted to make a scathing review on one of their products , elucidating on the issues I 've had with it .
 This has to be one of the worst non-licensed accessory products ever released to consumers . The documentation , such as it is , is poorly written , blatantly misleading , and of almost no help whatsoever . The `` FAQs '' on the codejunkies ' website are not very helpful either . Although I was able to get the device to work once , all attempts after that have either led to errors or simply no response at all despite following the instructions . I might as well be pouring a bottle of snake oil on the DS for all of the good it does . I 'm of the opinion that this device is a lemon . It 's also worth mentioning that I posted a negative review on the codejunkies website . It does n't appear . It seems they only display reviews with five stars . I know they 're in the business of selling cheats , but I think they 've taken it a step too far . If you like being cheated out of your money and time , by all means , buy this product . If however you prefer to retain your money and sanity , do n't bother . It 's a waste . The folks at codejunkies should all hang their heads in shame , and remove all references to `` hackers '' from their documentation . They do n't know the first thing about writing good code , or documenting it . This is the last product I 'd ever buy from * datel * !
 The software does what its suppose to do . I just do n't like pluggin it in the ds , then taking it out to put the game in , then putting the Action replay back in again , just to take it back out . But , like i said it does the job . I found that cheating makes the game boring though because there is no challenge .
 Bought it . Arrived fine . Worked fine for about 3 days . Then all the game cheat codes on the unit somehow erased themselves . Link to internet software installed fine , but did n't get a chance to use it . rh
 We had one of these we bought a few months ago . Very shortly after getting it , it stopped working . So , we ordered another one recently . It arrived today . Last time , we had Vista and it at least loaded correctly . Now , we have a new computer with Windows 7 and it wo n't work at all . Does n't recognize the driver . I have tried several different tricks to try to get it to work , but it wo n't . Waste of money and time . Do n't bother buying this .
 DO NOT BUY!The drivers for this device do not work with windows 7 so you can not correctly connect it to your pc . Many people gave workarounds to get the drivers to work and none do .
 This is my son 's 2nd game . It tends to fail , and then you need to buy a new one . He enjoys using it while it works ... I would like to see it last longer for him . We were warned by our local game shop that it can be faulty ... and does not have longevity .
 I purchased this DS Lite Action Replay so that I could make some slight changes to my Pokemon Platinum DS game . I will say that the disk that came with the set did install correctly , HOWEVER , when I attempted to load the DS to my PC via USB outlet , the DS would NOT connect to the PC . After just a few seconds to a minute of having this plugged into my computer I began to smell something burning . When I picked up my DS it was very hot to the touch . I pulled out the Action Replay instantly only to notice that it was melting ! The Action Replay case itself now has a giant melted hole on both sides of the cartridge . Im glad I noticed it before it melted into my DS . Please please DO NOT waste your money on this product ! It will not work , and do more harm than good to your DS and your games . If you still want an action replay , buy the newer version .
 Ok so bought this product for my niece read what others wrote but I decided to try it myself . Should of listened . Stopped recognizing her ds on the second day and I did everything I was told to do . Restarted the thing , which the first one erases all the codes , hundreds of times because errors kept popping up and was left with no codes and no way to put new ones in as all that came up was error . Very frustrating not recommended .
 Not quite sure how to rate this since purchasing we have n't actually figured out how to make this work .
 This item worked for maybe 2 weeks then did not do what it was suppose to do . I would not resommend this product .
 My 10 year old son was excited to get this and he was jumping for joy when it arrived . He immediately tried to use it but we quickly realized that it was very difficult to get the DS game carts fully inserted into the action replay socket . The socket is just too tight and the force required to push the cart in was so high that either 1 -RRB- the game cartridge would n't be recognized or 2 -RRB- the game would be recognized for a little while until the action replay device itself got bumped -LRB- since it sticks out so far -RRB- at which time the game would crash since it no longer made good contact.I returned it the next day and Amazon gave me a full refund .
 Got one for my kid.It hard to load in to DS system and down load new codes.Thown away when I have computer under Vista OS .
 I was starting to get bored on having to complete a whole game by itself so I got the action replay for DS . It was great except I had absolutely no idea how to download more codes -LRB- maybe in the instructions it 'll say -RRB- . Just when I was about to use my action replay again , it broke . All the codes were completely erased from the AR and I could n't download anymore codes -LRB- it did n't allow me to -RRB- . Overall , fun at the beginning but then turns into useless junk I just really want to rip in half!P.S . this product is a money waster !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 my first review of this product was very poor but , after a while I figured out that it was n't the AR that was the problem it was my game ; If it says `` unknown version '' chances are , like me , your game is a Japanese version.Most Japanese versions start with Y. AR does n't have the proper codes for Japanese versions so your better off hunting down a USA version of your game & reselling your old ones.If you change your game id it will recognize it but probably wo n't have any codes for it.So then it wo n't work.Once I figured it out it worked fine , took me a month but now well worth it!I thought it was defective but it was my game!Also www.codejunkies.com really helps with trouble shooting .
 As other people have encountered.My little 10 yr old brother had the whole list of the cheats wiped out.And it happened suddenly!What the hell ? I 'm very tech savy and no matter what the device or technology , I always naturally figure out how to make things work out.I read manuals . Trouble shoot alot on my own before contacting customer service . For me calling tech support is A LAST RESORT.So what do you know after spending a few hours of timeless trouble shoot I call these `` code junkies '' people and they 're automated voicemail keeps hanging up on me.This thing is useless . Customer service non existant.Throw this away and spend your money else where.Save your money . Forget this . Seriously .
 I did not know that the action replay was n't able to have a game inserted inside . I wish I knew so that I bought the right one .
 Although the Action Replay seemed like a good idea , we were extremely disappointed with the outcome . It ruined one of my son 's games . We decided to never use it again , just in case it would ruin more of our games . I do n't think this product is approved by Nintendo .
 I purchased 2 of these for my children -LRB- ages 9 & 10 -RRB- . One did not work at all , the other was disappointing . It did not provide cheats for many of the games the kids were expecting.I think there is another `` Action Replay '' model that if more reliable . Do n't bother with this one !
 We got this to work once . After that , the PC stopped recognizing the DS . Support from Code Junkies is all but non-existent . So we are basically stuck with an overpriced cable , cartridge , and CD that do not work any longer . If I hear from Code Junkies , I 'll be willing to amend my opnion , but for now we 're out of luck .
 I bought this product not too long ago -LRB- just got it today -RRB- and not only does my computer not detect it , I could n't even get the drivers to install . I uninstalled and reinstalled it , looked online for help , updated it ... it just would n't detect it at all.This would all be fine and dandy , but it actually broke because it 's so cheaply made . Yes , the place where you plug the USB cord in is broken , pretty much leaving me with nothing but a useless cord and card.I paid way too much for such a , well , crappy product . I expected something better for my $ 25 . I 'm so happy that it works for other people , but do n't bother with it if you have Windows 7 , or if you mind that it 's going to break insanely easily . I 'd send it back , but instead I am going to put it on my wall to remind me not to buy garbage like this again .
 This product from Datel suggests that you are able to download new codes and update the codes already within the cheater . This is not so , if you have a slow computer or have purchased this product after 2 years of it being on the market , you 're faced with a dilemma . Once you connect your USB to the free port on your pc and add the cord to the cheater , you will be brought to a screen where you may attempt to download new updates . The software with the USB cable , is installable on your pc ; the big shocker ?!?! When you do quick update , it deletes all your games then freezes . If you restart the product you will find all your other games have been deleted and you ca n't retrieve them.If you have an avid DS lite or DS player do not update your game Cheater , you will be sorely disappointed and can offer nothing but an empty Cheater . The tears of loss are too much to bear . Be prepared to buy a new one !
 This little cheating chip seemed good at first , but then it destroyed all my games . I followed the directions perfectly , and it worked fine for a while.It desroyed my Nintendogs and Pokemon Pearl . I am not happy with this at all .
 My son was enjoying this Action Replay until recently when suddenly all of the games listed were wiped out - it is now useless . A waste of money .
 My son rec ` vd this for Christmas and it worked ok for awhile . The problem he had was that the most of the games he has did n't have any codes available . So it only ended up working on 1 maybe 2 of his games . Then one day it just stopped working all together . He turns it on and it goes to a white screen . No warranty or support available at all ! `` Just buy another one ! '' I have read some of the other reviews here and people say that they are on their 3rd one , 5th one , etc. . How can you give more money to this company ? They know their product is defective and do n't care . Why should they when people just keep handing over money for the same defective peice of junk !
 This product is not a good buy . It worked for exactly one week before it inexplicably quit working . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!
 Datel did a horrible job at this AR mainly due to fast reproduction and distribution many of the AR DS disc do not have the driver for the NDS link and the AR is very fragile and can easily fall apart starting at the USB port insert . I have been through 2 of these already both have fallen apart and became unusable do to the poor manufacturing of this item . If you wan na waste your money go ahead but I would not buy this item and I doubt that the new AR DSi will be any better .
 I still remember when I bought my first DS AR -LRB- I have a DS lite -RRB- . I do n't remember the version but it was the version that was a bit longer than the ds games . I lost it :-LRB- . Second one was the same -LRB- I think -RRB- . I lost this one too :-LRB- . Third one defiantly had the hole for the ds games . It was AWESOME and I lost it somewhere in my house . I had some minor issues with the software , like the wires were broken -LRB- they did n't allow the AR to connect with my PC -RRB- , but my AR never lost its memory.AND NOW ... my fourth one ... the 1.60 . it looks like the one with the hole for the ds games in , but this one has no hole . Were did the hole go ? No one knows . When you insert the wire to connect to the PC it looks as if its sticking out too much . And if you push it too hard , then u break it and even connecting to the PC :-LRB- . You have to add codes manually -LRB- it 's very frustrating -RRB- . So I try to fix it and when I opened the plastic case I saw a little board . The rest was air , so it is a HALF EMPTY AR . WHY ?? This prompted me to look for my third AR . The 1.60 is cheap . The wires are the same but some might not work at all . If your little CD for the AR is not working go to -LSB- ... -RSB- , it has the downloads.My recommendation is to find the AR with the hole for the ds games or the shorter one . If you ca n't , then wait for someone to invent a less cheaper AR that is not half empty and more stable . But that is very unlikely because they are working on the one for DSi .
 When I bought this product , I was very happy . But while I was playing the game -LRB- I was using the run through anything cheat for pokemon diamond -RRB- the game suddenly went blank . When I reset it , the game worked , but I could no longer ride my bike , fly on my pokemon , catch pokemon , etc. . I could only run , trade and battle . Even my friends had their games ruined and wasted about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I wish I could go back in time and buy a new game instead . If you ask me about the product , I would say either buy a video game or burn your money because the action replay is a waste of money . After reading other reviews from other places , I would suggest to not plug it in your computer either because I heard one guy got their computer busted , which means they lost about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . To make it short and to the point , it is a waste of money . I would give this product a negative 1 billion if i could . Luckily , after ruining my pokemon game , I did ` nt put in any other games in the action replay . My rating is a big , fat ZERO !!!!!
 I purchased this Action Replay a few months ago . I have to say I am very dissatisfied with the product . First off because the advertising does n't really specify that yes , you need a computer to run the software to update the codes for various DS games . Nor does it say anywhere on the packaging of the product or in the advertisement just what computer specifications are necessary to perform this update . It turned out my computer was n't able to be used for this.And there is no way to enter codes in manually , to my knowledge . I say to my knowledge , because I was unable to get any replies from the company to my emails asking about this . They never once tried to contact and help me with their product.I recommend not buying this product , especially since the company making it does n't seem inclined to help their customers .
 I bought this game and just as said in all the other bad reviews it did not work properly . I could n't put in any of the codes off my pc . You could use the cheats that were already programmed in to it , but soon found it messed up the game . There was not a phone # to call , not in this country anyway.I spent hours trying to figure out this and it was useless . It was very frustrating and would advise against buying .
 Game never worked called company never was able to speak w/live person left messages no call backs . Also sent two e-mails no response . Junk
 My son loves this - as long as the game are already installed . I ca n't get the computer update to work for love or money and he is haveing a fit . Then I googled solutions and discovered everyone else has the same problem and there is no fix . What a waste .
 The reviews here are split between good and bad , and both are correct.If you just open the package , plug in the Action Replay to your DS , plug in your game cartridge , turn it on and play - yes , it seems the device works well . This is assuming your game 's codes were preloaded on the Action Replay . I ca n't speak for the device 's longevity , though it seems no more or less fragile than the game cartridges.Where many issues are reported is with trying to get the Action Replay device -LRB- ARDS -RRB- to successfully connect via USB to your computer and the included Code Manager software so that you can customize and update the codes on your Action Replay . My ARDS never connected to the computer . The included documentation is horrible . There is little information on the web , though thankfully other reviewers here have helped . If your Code Manager software is continually waiting for the DS , these are the sites you will need to read : This explains some of the possible issues , including the fact that if you have Action Replay DS firmware 1.60 or higher , you were shipped the incorrect drivers :[ ... -RSB- And this is the well-hidden faq on Datel 's site admitting to the driver issue - as well as a link to download new software -LRB- expand the question `` Q
 Okay Product , Cruddy Programming , And World 's Worst Technical Support ... Oh , did I mention they do not honor the Warranty ? The ARDS Erased the saves on my Castlevania
 Now i know this is a helpful machine for us cheaters/hackers . However this product is a disgrace to all cheating . First of it is not user friendly at all . Also the computer program half the time cant even recognize that you have the ds plugged in ... . In my opinion you should either not cheat or buy a different product cause this one will not work for you ...
 We were unable to get this device to work with the DS . It seems that all the data was removed . We would really like to simply return for a refund but suspect that because it is an electronic device that refunds are very limited .
 Daughter saved her own money to purchase this . It worked for 3 days . If it were available , I would give it 0 stars .
 The seller sent a bad product . The game and cord were different versions and would not fit , or work with other . The cartridge itself did not work . I contacted the seller and was told that I would be contacted when the correct product came in ... that was over a month ago and I 'm still waiting .
 I 'm 12 , i got this product to use on my pokemon diamond . I reseved this just a day ago , and I was soooo happy . Every this was great , until it crashed ! I was on it having a great time typing in codes . Then I pressed enter for a cheat to have x999 master balls , when it was done ... nothing ! ALL the cheats , all of the games gone . The data was earased ! I got on my windows XP and tryed to get back all the games . And it says too much data on the actoin replay ! WHEN IT DID N'T EVEN HAVE A SINGEL CODE OR GAME !!! So i tryed typing in a game manuly and it just went staticy and crashed ! IT WAS TOTALLY UNFAIR ! Somthing simmaler happend to my game shark , it crashed when I turned it on.Fun , 4 and a half starsOver all , ZERO !!!
 I love adventure games , especially those mixed with a little dark humor . I love any game that requires thought ; Feeble Files is a huge disappointment bc it JUST WO N'T RUN on my Mac . -LRB- I am running Snow Leopard -RRB- . : ^ p The copy I purchased was produced by MacPlay ; MacPlay 's no longer associated with the game . Ergo - they no longer support it . Adventuresoft holds the IP on the Windows version ; they could not help me . Personally , for what it 's worth , I 'd recommend avoiding this title if you have an Intel Mac . Perhaps it requires a PPC processor ?!?! DUH ! I should have realized ... I strongly urge trying a demo to be sure it will run on your rig . Good luck and -LRB- if it runs for you -RRB- enjoy ... : ^ p
 I have been searching for this keyboard for a decent price for a while ... It is the one I use at work and it is super soft to the touch making keying extremely easy . I use a LOT of different types of keyboards in my line of work so I say with confidence that this keyboard has the least amount of discomfort as far as keying and although I type maybe 75 % of my day , I 've only once in the past few years of keyboarding use have had some wrist strain -LRB- which eventually went away -RRB- . The best of the best in basic keyboards.Now , the reason for the low rating is because for a USB version of this keyboard -LRB- as pictured -RRB- , it is an amazing price . But ! That is not what I received . I received a PS/2 keyboard which rendered it useless since I needed it for my laptop . I kept it anyways as a backup -LRB- you can easily purchase a PS/2-USB adapter for $ 2 -RRB- . If I had known it would n't be the item pictured , I could have saved maybe $ 5 - $ 10 by buying it on eBay .
 I wanted a replacement keyboard for the one my daughter spilled something on . I wanted another PS/2 keyboard . The one I received is a USB key board . I looked for a long time to find the PS/2 keyboard . Also they show two different keyboards in the picture . Two of the one I wanted and one of the one I received .
 Product advertised as a `` universal '' item . It WAS NOT compatible to its intended host computer .
 There 's only one place you can still find this battery . Ebay sells it for about 12 bucks . Not bad for a psp battery that can be replaced by alkaline batteries right ? Wrong . When I first opened this product I installed the included triple A batteries , popped the cover on , and put it in my psp . But when I tried turning it on there was no response . After a few minutes of fiddling with the batteries I finally decide to replace the crappy included batteries with some quality Duracells . This time it worked , but my psp would constantally turn on and off . I once again took the battery out of the housing -LRB- which is somewhat difficult -RRB- and tried turning the AAA batteries to get a better connection with the springs . And once again I put the Go Max battery in and turned the psp on . This time it worked and I was able to test some music and video with the battery . The psp did n't shut off and spaz out this time , but I do n't know about in the future . All in all this battery is n't everything you 'd expect . Like you ca n't recharge it -LRB- even with rechargeable alkaline batteries -RRB- , you ca n't put the psp on standby mode -LRB- it 'll start back up at the main screen , not the last point in your game etc. . . -RRB- , and you ca n't tell how much battery is left by the psp battery meter . So if I were you , I 'd buy a car adapter and a second Sony brand battery . Even though I think i 'm going to keep this battery and use it as a last resort for an airplane or something , I 'm still not satisfied with Datel and their PSP Go Max battery .
 I have 3 gaming pc 's , -LRB- 2 with windows 7 -RRB- -- -LRB- 1 with XP -RRB- . I have not been able to run this on any system to even rate it.Save you money and get something that works this is not it.It will not run on any thing and my 2 windows 7 gaming rigs are new one with 2 evga gtx560 ti 's 2gb each in sli , and one with a evga gtx580 3gb video card in it.I have a amd phenome II X4 975 CPU in one and a amd phenome II X6 1100T in the other.I have 16 gig of hyperx DDR3 1600 ram in each pc.I have one pc with XP in it still just to run the old games that will not run right on windows 7 and it will not run on this pc at all.I have a amd phenome II X4 955 and 8 gigs of hyperx ddr3 ram in this pc.I run a evga gtx 560 2gb -LRB- non ti in this one -RRB- . If it would work I could run it.I have run alot of games over the years and I have found some that have issues but will run some on windows 7 or xp but this game will not run and I have more than one copy that I ordered from amazom .
 i install the game and tried to play but it did nothing at all . the hour glass stayed on and nothing ran . it would be a good game if i could get it to play .
 WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT THIS ISNT A FREAKIN GAME ITS A DVD THAT LETS YOU SEE MANY THINGS LIKE THE HALO 2 TRAILER ... . JESUS CANT YOU READ !!!! AND ITS NOT FUN CUS ITS NOT A FREAKIN GAME !!!!
 This is sort of like a special features bonus disc for `` Halo . '' It 's interesting to hear the comments of some of the people who made this great game . It is also interesting to sort of see the evolution of the game . Still , you should only spend money on this if you are a true `` Halo '' nut .
 Except for the XBOX demos , this DVD really is n't work the $ 20 price tag . The Halo
 Ok , I like this dvd , but it is not worth the price if you are not extremely interested in Halo . It 's nice seeing how they made Halo from the designers ' point of view , and it 's cool to see Halo demos that they came out with at E3 's , but other than that it is n't impressive . Really , if you 're not into Halo , you 'd be wasting hard-earned cash .
 I am happy to have this game I remember playing it before and now I have it again
 This game says it will play on Windows XP . What they dont tell you until you have and read the box , is that is will only play on XP with service pack 1 . If you have service pack 2 , it will not work . Save your money .
 Honestly I think this is pretty bad , and let me explain why.It says you can customize the opponents , the style of the tournament etc. . . This is all true . However other than the tournament settings , the changes seemed to have no effect . I wanted to simulate more of a real table with at least 1 bad player , an aggressive player , a tight player ... etc. . So I go in and change the parameters.However the opponents played the same way no matter what I did with them . I even changed the strength of each hand to total opposites of their defaults , and the opponents all played the same way . I do n't think changing anything has any effect.I tested this thoroughly , I went and changed each opponent at a full table with various settings , playing with them for hours and still ... they played just as they were playing before I altered them.It 's ok as a simulator to play somewhat competent opponents under any style of tournament you want , but since that 's all it is , and it does n't do as advertised , I give it a 1 .
 I received this a couple of days ago . Mine arrived in the mail very quickly , but without the booklet that contained the activation code , but if this happens and you get in touch with the Poker Academy customer support , they will quickly get it sorted out and supply you with a code.Without any doubt at all this is the best software package for Texas Hold 'em , either in this version , or in the more expensive Pro version , that there is out there . Hands down . By a mile . I have played a bit with one or two other programs , but this one is far superior in every respect , and the online Poker Academy site is also a very valuable resource.The design and layout of the tables is far superior to nearly all of the online poker rooms that I have seen , with all the information you need or want neatly displayed without clutter or visual distractions . The artificial intelligence powered players are terrific , and there is all kinds of extra statistical stuff to help you out.Quite frankly it is hard to see how anyone who really wants to develop Hold 'em skills can be without this tool . In the regular version -LRB- this one -RRB- you get an only slightly stripped down version of the rather expensive Pro version for a very reasonable price -- but without some of the more esoteric refinements that the average person would not want or need . Would make a great Xmas or birthday gift for any poker player in your family who does not have it already , or for anyone who has a laptop and would like to become a poker addict.The tables look great , especially in the online tournaments , on my widescreen monitor , which is perfect for the game . Or if you want to put together a dedicated machine for poker practice , it will run on a laptop with a 800 mhz chip speed , which you can now pick up these days for less than half the price of the latest laptops , and take it with you anywhere . -LRB- Of course , if you already have a laptop ignore this . -RRB- Just terrific . *** Please note that this review should have a five star rating , but for some reason Amazon will not allow corrections to a star rating when editing a review . Strange , but true .
 As far as poker games go , Poker Academy 2 is one-up with tracking of statistics and better than normal poker AL. . The problem with the game is one that many cite in other games such as Tournament Poker is the irritating tendency of the game to seemingly direct outcomes , particularly when it `` learns '' how to play you . Apparently the adaptation is that when it can not beat you , it will steer the winning cards to the heads-up bot . On too many occasions while playing the game I would be leading to the river when the program magically gives the bot the three or four out card to win . What rational player -LRB- and big stack such as yourself -RRB- with no danger of being eaten away by the blinds would call your preflop all-in of pocket kings with 2-5 offsuit and turn a wheel straight UNLESS you knew that an ace ,3 and 4 will come ? That happened along with hundreds of other incidents such as calling an all in with A-J with a board of 3-6-7-9 , me with pocket tens , no draw possibiliies , both of us with 200 grand , and the river magically bringing a jack ! This has happened so many times that I just laugh and I 've stopped recording them . Again , as far as games go , it is not pre-programmed as is World Class Poker but if you are seeking a fair and totally random game , play live poker .
 I was very excited when I ordered this game , as I am an avid Texas Hold em ' player . However , upon recieving it and playing it , I was very dissappointed . For being fairly new , the programmers should have randomly dealt the cards . I had the same hands repeatedly in all of the games . It got to the point where I could tell you the next hand I would be dealt , along with the winner and the hands they were dealt . The game would freeze repeatedly also , not worth the money !!
 BE ADVISED - When you install Poker Academy 2 Pro you have to be on-line and register , using its key , for it be verified and allowed to function . YOU ARE ALLOWED TO DO THIS ONLY TWO TIMES . PERIOD !!! If you install it on a desktop and a laptop , fine . But that is all ! If you want to install it again , because your computer hard drive crashed or you just wanted a new computer , forget trying to install PA2 Pro again , they wo n't let you . It happened to me and when I emailed support they just ignored me . Apparently you have to buy a new key at the going price to install PA2 Pro again . They said only 2 installs per key and THEY MEAN IT .
 This game will let down anyone playing it on the 360 - they threw this together in a few weeks and did n't take advantage of the 360 's processing power . The graphics are worse than would be expected for the older XBox , the gameplay is lacking , minor bugs hamper gameplay and the game is not much fun . I rented this and beat it in a few hours , picking up a few hundred achievement points in the process , but never found it to be challenging or fun . Rent it if you must , but do n't expect to spend more than 5 hours playing it.Overall - this is a huge letdown , just like most games that are tied into movies . The goal is n't to create a good game , but to have something extra to sell fans the moment the movie comes out . I wish there were some better games based off Marvel Comics ... is that so much , as a fan , to ask of the publisher ?
 Gameplay much like X-men or Marvel Ult . Alliance , except more repetitious and a lot less fun . Dialogue makes a few sorry attempts at humor , and characters are not drawn consistently -LRB- they actually look slightly different throughout the game -RRB- . Game will take approx . 4 hrs to beat on normal mode , did not bother playing advanced mode . This game is a dud that I am sure will soon be able to be picked up around $ 25 - $ 30 , and really may not be worth that .
 I mainly bought this game so I could play with my 3 kids . And I was excited that up to 4 people can play together at one time . I ca n't find many were all 3 of my kids can play with me.But the game is awful , you find yourself doing the same thing over and over . The characters die too easily , and you ended up start over at the begain every time you die ; instead of starting right where you die , which is very frustrating.Biggest problem , for the kids you have to hold down mutli buttons at one time to use special powers , which my 4 year old 's little hands ca n't do . At the end of level 1 we had to battle the big guy before going on to level 2 . We tried endlessly to defeat the big guy but just could n't together -LRB- my little one kept dieing to much -RRB- . I had to have all the kids drop out and had to battle the big guys by myself to defeat him or we would have never moved on . I found myself doing a lot of it on my own and the kids watching.This game is to difficult for kids under 6 they ca n't keep up and is to repeatative !! If your looking for a game for 4 kid-players try Ultimate Alliance , it 's easier and More FUN !!
 Enemy Territory
 Having made the mistake of ignoring reviews I rented this , luckily I used enough common sense to do so -LRB- and not buy it -RRB- . Quake Wars brings you into a lesser known Quake setting ... your own planet . Strongly departed from the old Quake experience it at least draws upon some old familiarities.The games pc counterpart delivered the goods , this once feels like faulty packaging . The online has many hiccups , and hideously poor graphics , but one can get a good game going . The single player experience on the other hand is pretty much the same as multiplayer , just without the whole social aspect tied in.Essentially you 'll be completing objectified missions , broken down into easily digested proportions . Objectives become very linear upon realizing the formula . Making this definitely not a single player title.To justify no real single player or compelling story the multiplayer had to be top notch . Unfortunately it is n't , but has a great experience tracking system -LRB- that 's not going to save you know buddy -RRB- . You can obtain upgrades briefly per match , while only temporary they focus and reward the player for doing good based upon what class they are . Matches very in length generally with a duration of about twenty minutes or so . Long enough to complete objectives , but on harder settings it 's a different story.One can easily maintain a good kill death ratio , have great accuracy , and a strong strategic plan ... but with dull A.I. you 're not going to get anywhere really . The timer runs out faster then you can defeat the enemy . Problem is it becomes a one sided war , more or less it 's only you doing all the fighting!The weapons lack variety , the classes are dull , and both the multiplayer/singleplayer are lacking . The graphics as mentioned are cruddy , but some decent lighting saves it a bit . The controls are decent , frame rate not too bad . Vehicles seem a bit unbalanced , yet too weak when one uses them . The maps offer a bit of variety but not enough to save the game . Given over the course of a week to play it grew on me a pinch , still not worth a purchase though . Desolation swept the online with a drought of players -LRB- matches taking a long time to assemble the few players -RRB- . Enemy Territory
 Well , I was looking forward to this game for months . I was hoping it would replace CoD4 with the added element of vehicles . Unfortunately , it falls way short . I felt the game 's graphics were dark and the sound was pitiful . The vehicles were less then impressive , and you ca n't change views which is disappointing . I disliked the game play so much I went back to the store and requested a refund two days later . Fortunately , I 'm a regular there and they gave me ful store credit .
 This game was cool for the first hour I played it . Then I traded it in when Bad Company came out a few weeks later . Graphics , gameplay , and controls are all 50 % of Battlefield . Do not waste your time with this game it is terrible .
 real paintballing is the best but you can not remake the thrill of it . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME@@!!!!!!!!!!
 I think if you are into paintball you would n't like it that much to me it is a waste of money . You would be better off playing .
 Coming from a man who has been playing paintball for 5 years , this game was a bitter disappointment . It was way to easy and there was n't anywhere near as many accessories you would expect from a paintball game . Please do n't waste your time or money on this product , borrow or rent first , and you will understand what I am saying .
 this game is a rather fun game !! i loved the version for gameboy advanced , i played that one for hours . i saw this and i was like , `` hey ! the hobbit for xbox !! this is awesome !! got ta be way better !! '' , i ordered it and everything , make sure i chose the xbox one ... . what did i get ? the hobbit for PC ... . how dissapointing ...
 I bought this game used , thank god , because it totally sucked . I fish a lot in real life and have played a lot of fishing video games over the years and this game just does n't measure up . There 's no way to customize the controls/buttons . Once you entice a fish to bite , The mechanism for hooking the fish sucks . The music is just plain annoying . The lure does n't track realistically in the water . There was no way to pre-set the drag on the reel before fishing , which resulted in more lost fish . There was no under water view like in a lot of fishing games . The only good thing about this game was the pretty graphics . One star was way to generous of a rating for this game . Do n't waste your money on it .
 I really do n't know how hard it is to make a battling engine fun . The creators installed bad camera angles . They also made the fighting bland . These 2 things combine to make the game a less-than-average expierience . The camera can affect you during platform jumps . If you want a platform game get `` Prince of Persia
 What a joke ! This is just as bad as The Fellowship of the Ring game . I really do n't see how this game is rated above 1 star . If you want to play a real LOTR game , get EA 's Two Towers and Return of the King . Vivendi just does n't know when to stop . Another useless game that will find its way into the discount bins.Hey it 's your money , I just like buying games that are worth the money I spent . Fair warning
 the resin i gave it a 2 is it was prety fun untill fleis and spiders i cant jump on that thing to get too that brach it is so frustrated i hate this game and i hate lotr the return of the king the two towers rocked buy that not this : -RRB-
 I have not played the game , but looking at the cooooooooool graphics and zelda type gameplay reminds me of chicken noodle soup . -LRB- yum , chicken noodle soup , yumy yumy yuuuuuuuuuuum -RRB-
 If you are a fan of Tolkien then you should not buy or even play this game . It ruins the vision of Middle-earth that we Tolkien fans have in our minds . `` The Hobbit '' is an incredible book but just is n't video game material .
 The controller is fair quality . It worked great for about 3 weeks , now I do n't even use it anymore . The buttons are n't very responsive . You really do have to push down on them harder than the microsoft controller . The other problem that i have with the controller is on the left joystick . I do n't even have to touch it and the person on the screen strafes to the right . I ca n't pay halo with that controller anymore cuz it 's just really annoying when you try to shoot someone .
 I had used this controller maybe ten times , then the analog sticks started sticking . It made gameplay literally impossible , it would stick in one direction and there was no getting it to go any other way . And the buttons are not very repsonsive , I recommend playing it safe and buying an official Xbox controller . I havent had any problems with that one .
 I got this as my second controller for Christmas . Stupidly , I tore open its packaging , assuming , given its cosmetic appearance of sturdiness , that it was a quality controller . Unfortunately , that is not so . The buttons ARE NOT RESPONSIVE . You really have to jam them down for them to work . Playing a game like NBA LIVE just SUCKED with it . I wish I could bring it back , but I 'm stuck with it . Also , the button arrangement stinks too -LRB- even worse than MS controller ... PLEASE , spread out the buttons so I do n't keep hitting the wrong ones by mistake !!! _
 first of all this controller -LSB- stinks -RSB- it would be worth the 10 dollars extra 2 buy the orginal or the new s type controllerthe buttons u have to mash in most of the time to get them to respond the left joystick thing u pretty much touch and ur charectar on halo will crouch the triggers are nice though but i didnt like the shape of it and if u play halo and have this controllers do not use a weapon that can zoom cause u barely touch the right stick and it zooms .
 I gave this controller two chances -LRB- the one that came with the xbox , and the one I got when I returned the old one -RRB- ... both times it failed miserably , buttons do n't always work , keeps getting ` disconnected ' without really disconnecting , etc. .
 I wouldnt recomend this controller to anyone . I paid thirty dollars for it about a year ago when the normal ones were 40 to save 10 dollars and im really kickin myself for it now . you have to push the buttons really hard and when you are in the middle of playing it says `` please reconnect the controller and press start '' . that is the most annoying part . you are in the middle of a race or getting ready to shoot someone and you get a message that says press start .
 Do not buy , this , for the same price you can get the XBOX controller or controller S -LRB- from microsoft -RRB- . I have had nothing but trouble from 3rd party accesories , especially interact .
 I bought this comtroller because they were out of the microsoft ones.IT STINKS . the buttons dont work . i 'm returning mine . repeat : IT STINKS , DO NOT BUY
 Back in the day the SNES controler was deemed perfect , its spiritual decendant the PS controler and then the Dual shock analog control is good , but a little small for my hands . Nintendo , in thier brilliance , has designed a control for GameCube that fits my hands perfectly . Microsoft , however , seems to have taken the awkward Dreamcast controler and made it even bigger and more akward . Singlhandedly the XBox controler is the most uncomfortable controler in the histroy of console gamming . I imagine that this control would be perfect for people with huge hands , but it is literally painful for my wrists to use this -LRB- I have Carpol Tunnel Syndrom , and controlers that agrrivate it are controlers I do n't like using . -RRB- Microsoft is putting out an `` S '' tyoe contoller that will be smaller , but that does n't look to be much better . I know that this is MS 's first outing as a console manufacturer , but controlers should never be this big , and this bad . They should stick with what works . The best controlers out ther look like modifed SNES controlers , that 's true of the PS 2 controler and the GCN contoler , both which do not agrivate my wrists . Buyer be ware , the XBox controllers hurt !
 Okay , I do n't know who is writing the reviews the good reviews on this controller , but whatever they are on , I want some . I have never used a controller before that was this unresponsive or big . I have had multiplayer sessions of Halo , and all the guys agree that you have to really work the buttons and analog sticks to get the controller to respond . This is not a good thing in a fast paced game . It is way too unresponsive , and the size is a tad bigger than the standard xbox controller , which for someone with small hands , is not a good thing . I donot recommend you wasting your money on a controller that should 've been designed better .
 Regardless of this controller 's layout or functionality , they are completely unreliable and break very easily . I bought three of them when I got my xbox because they were sold out of the ms controlers , but within one month , with very kind treatment and care , two of the three controlers had developed major flaws . On one of them , the right thumbstick broke , now it just kind of rattles around in its socket . THe other one constantly makes the xbox give me the `` controler has been disconected '' screen even though it was obviously still plugged in . All I have to do is hit start to make the screen go away , but it is very annoying and happens very often . So basically even if you really like the design of this controler , take my advice because it 's much better to pay a little more to get a controler that actually works .
 This controller is a piece of ... . It breaks right away , the buttons are n't very responsive and confortable and the whole thing is messy looking . Interact really ... this one up ... just like all the other 3rd party companies do . Go buy a regular controller or the S-controller , it may cost more but it lasts alot longer .
 The first thing i noticed about the pad is that it is a little bit smaller than the microsoft pad . This is a little bit weird since i was used to the microsoft one , but i am used to it now . The second thing i noticed was the buttons . They are slightly larger than micrsoft 's , but here is the bad part . The buttons must be pushed very firmly to work . This may be alright on some games , but on others it simply will not suffice . In Madden 2002 , what type of pass you throw depends on how hard you press the button . Achieving anything but a bullet pass was impossible for me . Also , on games like Halo where you have to be quick with the buttons , i repeatedly found myself dead because i could not fire quick enough . However , the controller isnt completely bad . I have found that if i give the controller to my friends when we play head-to-head , i nearly always win . Since they dont get to use the real x-box controller , they never know the difference .
 PowerPads are cheap ... and I mean cheap , not inexpensive . They cost less than the Microsoft controllers for a reason . They are poorly constructed . Myself and 3 of my friends have purchased these controllers , and in each case , the buttons have worn out quickly . Within days the `` A '' button on my controller began to malfunction , resulting in difficult play in games where the pressure-sensitivity is crucial -LRB- DOA 3 -RRB- . I took the controller back and got a real one . I suggest you save the time of returning this controller and just buy a quality one from the start .
 This controller is awfull . Sometimes it does n't even work or you automaticly move in one direction . It is impossible to shoot a weapon in halo because it is so sesitive and you always zoom in and zoom out . When ever I have to use that controller I just rush and try to mela because you have a better chance of killing them that way than actually shooting them . If you are going to get a knock off controller get the mad catz one because that one atleast works all the time even though it is kind of tough to shoot with . All I know is do n't buy this contoller ...
 These controllers I found were cheap . I thought it would be a perfect deal , but then I found myself -LSB- mad -RSB- when it fell of the bed , and the spring for the L trigger broke . So then I bought a new one . AND THE SAME EXACT THING HAPPENED !!!!!!! Right now I 'm searching for a good controller . If it 's cheaper it does not matter because all that means is that you 'll end up paying for another one when it keeps on breaking . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM !!!! DONT LET IT RUIN YOUR GAMING EXPERIENCE
 You ca n't say anything more than this controller is terrible.it just sucks . that explains it perfectly .
 I dont own this stupid third party controller , but why would I need to ? Third party controllers never hold up well and they are never near the quality of the first party controllers . It doesent even seem shaped as good as the offical Microsoft controller-s , and it may have that nasty feel that some third party controllers have . Want to know why this is cheap ? Its because its probably horrible . Every one I know who had to deal with a third party controller never liked it . So just dont buy it !
 I just felt that the graphics and action could be better in this game . I 've seen other racing games -LRB- for the X-box -RRB- where the instant replay almost looks real.There is a crash mode but once you resume the race , your car is back to normal again . After 20 minutes of playing I had mastered all 3 of the courses that it offers as far as racing . There are more levels in the crash mode but it 's almost the same thing over and over.I would suggest renting this game before buying it . If I had bought it first I would have taken it back and gotten a refund !!
 As a dedicated F1 fan , I was looking forward to seeing my name on then podium , as the game promised . But , here 's the big kicker , you have to pass a series of tests to be eligible to compete . And the game will NOT remember that you passed the next to last test -LRB- a series of S-turns in the rain -RRB- so you have to take it every time you open it . -LRB- It 'll take foreover to pass ... -RRB- The last test is a pit stop test over which you have no real control and it will NOT let you pass -LRB- I wasted 4 hours on this -RRB- . The quick race section is okay but the whole point of it - to mix it up with Schumi and the boys - is moot . The @ # % # $ @ gamers who designed it fixed it so that you wo n't pass the entry tests .
 Well what can I say ... It 's easy , it cheats it 's horrible.Im still waiting for a good F1 game .
 That kid who said this game is good . get the hell of the internet . The graphics are very poor . the F1 cars crash into you . Ea is the crappest games company ever . they never did anything bad on Burnout 3 whch WILL be released in september . F1 Challenge ' 99 - '02 is an excellent game . when i have it . i will stick to that . Just avoid
 I pre-ordered this game having read all the reviews of EA 's F1 2002 -LRB- which I do n't own -RRB- talking about the great graphics and depths of tuning you can do to the cars . So I ordered this game hoping for a great F1 simulator . Unfortunately , this game is very `` arcade '' in every respect . In Career mode , you can only tune downforce , gear ratio , and suspension I think , and that 's it . Not exactly real life F1 . And what 's strange , in the part of the game they call `` arcade '' you have more tuning options than in career mode.Another complaint is with the graphics . I do n't know what F1 2002 looks like , but the graphics in F1 Career Challenge really stink . Up close everything is clear , but from even a small distance , things get blurry and fuzzy . The braking markers are almost impossible to read at speed . I own Formula One 2001 -LRB- 989 Sports -RRB- , and Grand Prix Challenge , and both have far superior graphics.Also , the laps are preset in career mode -LRB- i.e. 6 laps for the Australian Grand Prix -RRB- , and as far as I can tell , you ca n't change it . Once again , far from being real life.On the plus side , the career thing is cool , in that you have to get a superlicense , then you get offers from different teams . As you either exceed or do n't meet the team 's expectations racing -LRB- i.e. `` We expect a 15th place finish '' and you finish 7th -RRB- , your `` driver reputation '' goes up or down . Nice touch ... Overall , I am disappointed though . If you want an ok arcade game -LRB- and there are better ones out there I think -RRB- , this may be ok . But if you want a good F1 simulation , you 'll probably be disappointed .
 I pre-ordered this game having read all the reviews of EA 's F1 2002 -LRB- which I do n't own -RRB- talking about the great graphics and depths of tuning you can do to the cars . So I ordered this game hoping for a great F1 simulator . Unfortunately , this game is very `` arcade '' in every respect . In Career mode , you can only tune downforce , gear ratio , and suspension I think , and that 's it . Not exactly real life F1 . And what 's strange , in the part of the game they call `` arcade '' you have more tuning options than in career mode.Another complaint is with the graphics . I do n't know what F1 2002 looks like , but the graphics in F1 Career Challenge really stink . Up close everything is clear , but from even a small distance , things get blurry and fuzzy . The braking markers are almost impossible to read at speed . I own Formula One 2001 -LRB- 989 Sports -RRB- , and Grand Prix Challenge , and both have far superior graphics.Also , the laps are preset in career mode -LRB- i.e. 6 laps for the Australian Grand Prix -RRB- , and as far as I can tell , you ca n't change it . Once again , far from being real life.On the plus side , the career thing is cool , in that you have to get a superlicense , then you get offers from different teams . As you either exceed or do n't meet the team 's expectations racing -LRB- i.e. `` We expect a 15th place finish '' and you finish 7th -RRB- , your `` driver repuation '' goes up or down . Nice touch ... Overall , I am disappointed though . If you want an ok arcade game -LRB- and there are better ones out there I think -RRB- , this may be ok . But if you want a good F1 simulation , you 'll probably be disappointed .
 This is one game that sucks . the controls are bad and the graphics really are not that great . it feels like you driveing a box with wheels but any way if you wan na buy go ahead I warned ya . So I give it one damn star
 It pains me . Only when all nine planets are in perfect alignment is it possible for me to hate a Square-Enix game . For the game to come from the much-loved Final Fantasy franchise , there has to be a lunar and solar eclipse at the same time . Anyone 's heard the story right ? Square was a struggling developer back in the eighties facing bankrupty . They made a RPG styled after Dragon Quest , Japan 's top-selling RPG , which turned into a mega-hit , saving the company and launching one of the most revered videogame series ever.It 's strange that I never played Final Fantasy when it first came out on NES . I know that my family owned the cartridge , but I 'd never played it . I figured that the first game would be something special . Final Fantasy to me has always been the epic stories , the memorable characters , and the solid gameplay mechanics . Those were the qualities that just enthralled me when I became hooked on Final Fantasy II -LRB- the 4th one really -RRB- for the SNES . Unfortunately , the story is barely there and the characterization is nil . You are a band of heroes that is plopped down in a medival fantasy world and given the task of restoring the four crystals which will save the world . That 's it . Most of the time you are wandering about aimlessly , trying to figure out where you are supposed to go . The method of exploration is go into cave , if monsters kill you in one hit , leave cave and find another . There are some towns you can visit and be treated to wonderful dialogue like `` Bless the Crystal ! '' only thing half the idiots in this world say.If that were n't frustrating enough , this is a really hard game . Unfortunately , the difficulty feels like it comes from poor game design than actually being meant to challenge you . Perpare to spend tons of time leveling up . You 'll be attacked often , after one or two steps sometimes , the monsters appear in droves , and your attacks will miss as much as they hit . In dungeons , there are no save points for you to save and restore your health with a tent . The healing items and magic is woefully inadequate most of the time . The magic system is also messed up . Instead of having magic points to use as you please , Magic is divided into 8 levels and you can buy 3 spells from each level . You can only use magic from each level a certain number of time . This annoying because by the time you reach level ten most of the low level spells are practically obsolete but you 'll have tons of them and few higher level spells . There are also no items to revive fallen party members , so you have to leave the dungeon , track back to town , and get a priest to revive you . This is really annoying when the town does n't have a priest and you have to go halfway around the world to find one.I managed to play for 10 hours before I could stand no more . Final Fantasy II is a little better . You play as a group of youths fighting for a rebel resistance movement . The characters have personalities and the game actually gives you missions to accomplish . However , I did n't like the leveling system . Depending on how you fight , your stats increase and decrease accordingly . You 'd think that would have the characters highly customizable ? Wrong ! The characters are still inclined towards certain jobs and weapon types . Maria has low HP and ca n't hit the broad side of a barn , so she has to be a mage . Give her a javeline instead of her bow and arrow and some animals will have gone extinct before she lands another hit . It takes forever to get the stats to increase.The presentation of the games are pretty good . The graphics and spell effects are bright and attractive . The music is still exceptional . If you loved Final Fantasy I when it first came out and have been itching to play it again , ignore this review and buy this right away . These games have never looked better and they come will a host of unlockable extras . For everyone else looking to play the RPGs are yesteryear , get Final Fantasy Chronicles or Anthology , as Square has perfected the formula for RPGs by then.Final Fantasy Origins is a relic of a long-ago era in gaming that has aged like Buddy Hackette . It 's a definitely a historic benchmark for the industry , but for me it 's only novelty is that it shows that `` You 've come along way , Baby ! ''
 Fans of the original 2 FFs might be angry to find that these true classics have been changed sooo much that you can barely see the similarities . Some are good and some are very bad . The good : - Improved graphics-Ability to play FF2 for the first time if you are unfamiliar with emulators or do n't have the Japanese version-umm , that 's it unless you want to count some small things such as added dialouge , ability to buy multiple items at once , and introductory movie scenes . The movie scenes are pretty cool , I must admit , but there are too few of them.The bad : - Music ! Square usually does good music with its games , but this enhanced music really stinks ! I 'd rather listen to the `` bips '' and `` beeps '' of the originals.-Monster stats and names have been changed , not staying true to the originals . This is a big problem with me . Normal mode on FF1 , in Origins , should really be the easy mode it has on it.-The `` improved graphics '' I mentioned should really be down here . Why ? They are sub-snes quality . I did n't expect 3d anything , but the graphics are horrible for a playstation . Both games also look like FF5 -LSB- imitations -RSB- . - Should have included FF3 if they were going to charge 30 bucks for it . I 'll tell you why they probably did n't in a sec.Well , as the title goes , `` is Square selling out ? '' I 'd say so . This is a truly mediocre title for Square and that 's being nice . If I were n't such a big fan of the series I 'd call up Squaresoft myself and demand my money back . The only reason I wo n't is because , as a FF fan , I think it should remain in the FF collection I have amassed.I 'm guessing Square released this title either prematurely or incomplete for 3 reasons . 1 for the money , 2 for the show -LRB- jk -RRB- - to hold us over until the next FF comes out and 3 for the money . I expect that they will re-release FF3 just as soon as they translate it . I hope they learn from their mistakes , make a quality game , and not just sell us the name recognition.You want to buy this game only if you have never played FF1 , FF2 or both . You should n't be too disappointed if thats the case . Even then , expect to be sent back a couple generations graphically . And do n't get me started on the music again ... Grrr ...
 * First of all I 'm not going to tell you what the game is about because there 's already a ton of review here that have that . * When I rented this game I was really excited , but once I played FFI I was really disappointed . I did n't care for FF2 either , but it was a little better than FFI . FFI 's story was pretty boring . The characters had no personality , or good dialogue.The bad graphics did n't bother me too much , because it 's the story line of a game that I 'm interested in . And both of these games failed in having a good one . The story for FF2 was a little better , but it was still boring.I liked the CG movies -LRB- I think that 's what they 're called -RRB- in the beginning of the games -LRB- especially FF1 's -RRB- . I guess that it was a good idea for squaresoft to come out with FF Origins . I 'm sure it brings back good memories to the older gamers -LRB- I would n't know they came out with it when i was a year old -RRB- . And if you enjoy having the whole seres to complete , then it would probably be good for only those reasons.I do n't recommend you purchase this game though . If you really do want to play it , rent it first . I always rent a game before I buy it .
 I have n't played this remake of FF1 but I played the port onto the Wii Classic Arcade and enjoyed it -LRB- with all its flaws -RRB- . So I 'm going to be talking exclusively about FF2 . Unlike FF1 it actually has characters and a story , which is good . But the story is a complete Star Wars rip-off -LRB- ironic in that Star Wars ' plot was heavily influenced by the films of Japanese director Kurosawa , so the ripping-off has now come full circle -RRB- . And what really ruins the game is its broken leveling system . It seems like an awesome idea in theory
 Back in the day games were difficult and these are no exception . Without some sort of guide to walk you through it , you could spend hours racking your head against the wall because the game is so vague about things that you do n't know where to go or what to do . Not the best story , either .
 maybe im just crazy , but i didnt like this game very much . i thought it was boring and tedious . but thats just me .
 Final Fantasy I & Final Fantasy II are nothing special to me . They are very primative , made in 2D . Final Fantasy II is a lot better in it 's origanal form on `` Super Nintendo '' . Also the story lines are different in those two versions . It , s for little kids .
 Okay , let me start by saying I 'm the biggest FF fan in the world . No question . But this game was like all old and -LCB- edited -RCB- and stuff . Nothing near the greatness that is FINAL FANTASY 7 . The graphics are all terrible , nothing like FF7 's . Did they think us super fans would n't notice how terrible this was if they just put two terrible games in the package ? Shame on you Square . I do n't know how I 'm ever going to forgive you ...
 I rented this game by accident , actually . But spent the weekend playing it , since I had it , and here 's my two cents ' worth.Graphics
 IGN sums up this game about right
 This game was probly the worst game iv ever played ... the grafics sucked and so did every thing eles ... it wasnt even realistic ... THIS WAS THE WORST GAME ALL YEAR !!!!!!
 Do not waste your money kids . This game is terrible , not fun to play and ugly at best . Ok so the visuals are quite nice at times but that is about all . The game is very slow , the whole story line is a joke . Bad game design through and through . There are far better games out to buy for your game cube.The girls rate among the most hideous creatures ever to feature in a game , they look like men !
 IGN sums up this game about right
 I really wish I had read these reviews before I purchased this game . Lesson learned the hard way . This game WILL NOT SAVE . DO NOT RECOMMEND .
 I am a huge rugrat fan but this is just horrible.Try a monkey ball game or frogger i love tak and the power of juju.DONT GET RUGRATS GO WILD.UNLESS YOUR 8 or under !!!!! writen by an eleven year old
 i hate this game it is very boring when i played this game i turned it off 5 minuts after i started . i strongly disapprove of this game
 Waste of Money . i bought it , played it for about 30 min. , then went to a game store to sell it . the cover makes it look so good . the graphics suck , i was expecting something kinda close to NFS -LRB- need for speed -RRB- , but i did n't come anywhere near it in graphics or gameplay . if you are new to racing games , stay away from this one and get either one of the NFS titles or midnight club .
 The worse game with the most problems . You can grind forever . The graphics are n't good compared to an N64 game made in 96 . Once I fell and got like stuck and the screen jittered . When they fall they make the stupidest pain sound like they had the producer do it . THE WORST LEVEL DESIGN FOR ANY EXTREME SPORTS GAME and we play games for the level design .
 This game just plain sucks . Midway tried to rush it out , and they just destroyed it . The glitches are just endless . You can go right through walls . You can grind until time runs out . Gravity games are an odd name for this title because that 's one of the forces of nature that is n't in great supply here . Save your money , and get matt Hoffman pro BMX .
 This has been declared worst game of the year by many web sites and game reviewers . Avoid this one , and get Dave Mirra 2 instead .
 i normally like bikeing games but the first time i played this game i got so frustrated because it was more difficult than most other bikeing games i havent played it since the first time i played it .
 this game is just bad ... nothing more to say
 When I first got this game , I thought I made a mistake . The controls were extremely sluggish making it impossible to control objects and complete any of the timed puzzles . I met the minimum specs for playing the game , so why did n't it work ? Answer
 I think this game would be a lot of fun if the controls did n't lag so much . Like a few of the other reviewers , I have a brand new computer that far surpasses the requirements for this game , and still it runs slow . I have even turned the graphic settings all the way down , and that did n't help either . For now I have given up on the game , beause it is too hard to play , but hopefully the company will release a patch one day . I was really looking forward to playing this game , as I have enjoyed the other Broken Sword games , but I am sorely disappointed . As I said before , it would probably be a lot of fun , if it was n't so hard to control .
 I 'm a huge fan of the Broken Sword series and was very excited to hear that they were making a fourth installment . But it seems that the developers have created a ` broken ' product . Out of the box the game was totally unplayable . I 'd start a game up and it was snail pace slow frame rates . I thought at first my computer was not up to the task of running it but then i saw the system requirements which are : Minimum : * OS
 What a disappointment ! On my old computer , which met all of the specs asked for , this thing crawled along and was unplayable . I was very excited when I got my new computer , so I could finally play the sequel to one of my favorite computer games . I installed it , only to discover this does not support Nvidia GeForce 8800 video cards , among others . I did some internet searching , and discovered this is a common problem for people . There is a patch for the European version of the game that corrects this problem , but no patch for this version . It is the same game with a different title , but you still ca n't use the Angel of Death -LRB- European version of this game -RRB- patch to fix this . It 's frustrating , because you would think The Adventure Company itself would care enough about its own product to put out a patch , but apparently not .
 This game loads properly on only one out of every three attempts . When it does load properly , the main character sometimes goes someplace completely different than where I click . If I do n't do things in exactly the proper order , I ca n't get to the next clue . For example , at one point I had to go from a hotel desk to another building , talk to a guard , and come back to the hotel desk to find a clue . But when I came back , I did other things first and by then the clue was not there . Thanks to a walk-thru , I returned to talk to the guard about the same thing , and then came back and went directly to the clue . Not my idea of fun . I gave up .
 I was excited to play this game . . and its terrible . . the movement is Slow . . tons of BUGS . . its like pulling teeth to play . . and its a shame . . cause this could have been a great game . . THUMBS Down
 Unfortunately this substandard game will go down in history as the piece of software that killed the brokensword franchise . Listing its defects is describing most adventure games these days
 Having recently discovered the Broken Sword games , and gone through three of them already , I was really excited to play the 4th one , especially hearing that it was an improvement over the disappointing 3rd run . However , like a previous customer , I was unable to get this game to run . It 's completely unplayable . I have a brand new PC , and even the 3 year old low res movie files at the beginning stutter , even after applying the `` fix '' that the game suggests in case they are slow . The framerate in the game and on the menus is so slow , that it was near impossible for me to even click EXIT to quit the game !
 I am a sucker for flashy boxes and screen shots . I bought this game last week and was pumped to spend a number of mindless hours blasting things away . I spent about 20 minutes on it and got so upset , it triggered a seizure . So not only did I not like the game , but I spent 20 more minutes flopping around on the floor and making a drool puddle on the carpet . Do not buy this game as it is terrible . SNooks to the makers !
 if you do n't want to get past the 3ed level buy fire blade it 's to hard .
 Nice try , but this game is just plain annoying , punctuated with frequent boredom . The AI is stupid , and keeps repeating irrelevant commands . Like another reviewer said , it 's simple one minute , and difficult the next , for no logical reason , leaving me to believe that more effort was put into marketing than into creating a decent game . If you still want to try it , I recommend renting it first -LRB- Family Video had it for a mere $ 2.50 for 7 days -- now I know why ! -RRB-
 I was so stoked to get a PS2 helicopter and the review on another website was quite good . Unfortunately , reality set in when I started playing and I realized just how poor this game is . The graphics are lame . The flight simulation is even lamer ... I mean the helicopter physics in GTAVC are even better . Spend your money on a solid game .
 ... I usually dont get -LSB- mad -RSB- off at games , but i almost threw it out the window . There was no logic to the game . If you like flying around with minimal arms and getting shot at from all directions by tanks that take all your firepower to kill , buy this game . anyone remember games like `` nuclear strike '' . That was the last good choper game .
 I found this game to be incredibly boring . I did not like it . It gets 2 stars for effort , but that 's it .
 Graphics are good , controls are good except the sniper needs to be redesinged.I too had the game freeze up on me after completing a difficult mission and had to rerun it.Swarmer missiles , great if you ever got to use 'em . This is a definate rental.Like 90 % of games today they look good but the gameplay lacks heavily.This game is no different .
 I 'm a huge Wipeout fan ever since it was one of the first true 3D hardware-enabled titled for the PC . Besides the PC , I 've played versions for the PS2 and Nintendo 64 . Upon seeing this for the Mac , I just about went nuts and ordered a copy . Nothing but disappointment since . I 've tried running it on my older PPC Mac -LRB- OS 9.1 -RRB- , but it does n't like my 3DFX card very much , the frame rate studders quite a bit , and the graphics have a washed-out look . Moving over to my more modern G4 Cube and OSX , the frame rate problem goes away , but the graphics are still very washed out with a ` gray ' tone to them along with bad visual effects , like the explosions and hovercraft vapour trails . Network playability also only appears to work under OS 9.1 , I have n't figured out how to get the option enabled under OSX . This is not the same quality game I remember from my earlier PC and console gaming days , so far just a big letdown .
 This is a game about pirates and you play a swashbuckling hero on both land and sea missions , + shuttle craft Galleo -LRB- lol = dingy -RRB- it is very fun and exillerating until one dampening element , an `` instant mission failure '' when you try and take the Hawkwind from Blackbeard and are forced back on your `` dingy '' after a difficult battle aboard the Hawkwind -LRB- and on Captain or Admiral difficulty , you can understand my frustration -RRB- you are awarded no save except an `` autosave '' that states `` mission failure '' -LRB- chapter 3-3 -RRB- the instant you set out on your dingy after getting the boot from Captain Blackbeard . Supposed to be `` Blackbeard betrayed you and you must avoid his ship before it heads full mast to gun you down '' instead -LRB- sometimes , quite frequent -RRB- you will get `` mission failure '' five seconds after the `` mission '' starts . W.A.B. !!! J.F.C. !!! W.T.F. !!! B.S.L. !!!
 Short answer
 This product is terrible . It does n't work 95 % of the time . The rest of the time , it locks up the computer after about 3 minutes . My son wanted a police game . I figured this one might avoid all of the socially unacceptable ascpects of the more adult police games . Sadly , it just left him dissapointed .
 This game is pure crap . Now where should I begin with what is wrong with this game ... 1 -RRB- The turning and physics are terrible .2 -RRB- The police can not actually stop you or arrest you . That is right , after a while of playing this I decided to stop and all the police did was ram into me and yell , `` PULL OVER '' I waited and waited , nothing . In my opionion if there are going to be police in a game , it needs to be possible for them to arrest you .3 -RRB- You can only be the cop in 2 player mod and even then it is just like a normal race . You can not turn a siren on or bust the other player.I could go on , but I will be breif , Dont buy this game !
 this plays more like a beta than a full version ... the controls are weak ... game play is horrible ... rent it first
 This game -LSB- stinks -RSB- !!! I was waiting for it for months , thinking itwas going to be the bomb . It turned out to be a dud . The controlsare horrible , and the cut scenes could be from super nes . I thinkhowever the game could have been good , the overall atmospheres are nice , but to little concentration had been placed in the control ... rainbow six ... hasthe same contol scheme . In Rainbow six you could change thecontrols and their functions , urban warfare you ca n't . The voiceacting is horrible . Stay away from this game !! ...
 I bought this game on the basis of it 's strong family backbround -LRB- I have Delta Force 1 & 2 for the PC -RRB- . I was n't expecting much for -LSB- price -RSB- and because it 's on the PSone , and I was n't disappointed in that respect . The graphics are better then the Spec Ops series , but not as good as say , Metal Gear Solid for the same system . The game play is ok and takes a little getting used to . But after playing the original Delta Force on the PC and Soldier of Fortune and Medal of Honor Frontline for the PS2 , this game should 've been -LSB- price -RSB- . I suggest renting it first . One cool part is the thermal googles ... ala Predator or the sniper from the Navy Seals movie .
 ce jeu est une vraie farce , on ne peut meme pas charger de lanceur comme on veut , meme chose pour les frappeurs . pas du tout comme le vrai baseball . je ne le recommande pas du tout .
 It 's gameplay is okay , its graphics rule , and all the punching and kicking is okay . That is all I could say
 I was truly not impressed with this game at all . I am a long time avid gameplayer , I 've owned every single system ever made and played a baseball game on almost every one as well . This one , well , it 's just a bomb if you ask me . I can see where this game would appeal to the 12 year old crowd simply because it has a bevy of bosom boasting babes scattered throughout . But mainly , the game really let me down.Gameplay ? Where ? It 's so easy to pitch , no need to aim . Incredibly easy to whack home runs because the ball is pitched so incredibly slow in relation to scale . Now come on , a LEFT FIELD PLAYER can throw a batter out at FIRST ??? Graphically it was n't horrid , which accounts for the TWO stars . It was nice having normal teams . The load up time was incredibly long for this game , however , which was a royal turn off . Having players smoke and then flame was neat -LRB- A take off of NHL Hitz ? -RRB- but used.Overall , I wish I did not buy this game . I wish I had rented it first so the only thing I would regret was spending the -LSB- few dollars -RSB- on a rental instead of the cost of the game . I ca n't even say `` Nice Try '' to the creators because it simply was n't . Please , think before you release something of this caliber because it will make me think twice about purchasing anything else from you again .
 I have never seen a product this aweful ... a baseball game where the players fight on the bases ? Ridiculous . A game where it is virtually impossible to hit the ball , and any hit you get goes stright into the fielders glove ? Unbelievable . This is the worst game I have ever played . Thank god I rented this , because if I had purchased it I would have to shoot myself .
 my mommom ordered slug fest for my birthday but the guy never sent it to her and i really love baseball so much . -LRB- ROBERT -RRB- MARIE CIAFRE PHILADELPHIA , PA.ORDERED GAME FROM AMAZONJOE212 , NO ANSWER FROM E-MAIL AND NO GAME REC 'D ...
 Not the best Mlb gAme un the GaMECUBE
 I am yet to receive this game . I have not received MLB slugfest 2003 . Please reply on the status of this order .
 Ok I write this review to be helpful to people . I LOVE baseball but when I got this game I was pretty dissapointed . I wanted to beat people up and all that great stuff , but when i got the game I found out that it wasnt all that brutal . Not only that it is WAY TO EASY . Also its not all that oriented with baseball , for example no free angents , no create a player , no tradeing , no farm system all you can do is e a team and play a season and thats it . I got the game then about two months later i brought it back and im happy i did .
 I really did n't like this game . I do n't know , I just do n't like the idea behind a fake as hell sports game . Do n't get me wrong I love the action , graphics , sound and easy gameplay but beyond that , I just did n't enjoy it like others would . This is fantasy sports to the max . Where on Earth can you see someone slide into second and give the 2nd baseman a ... whooping?I guess I just like a little realism to my sports games . I 'd have to say rent this one first otherwise , you 're wasting your money . Have fun and Happy gaming !
 If you enjoyed Hitz and Blitz , you will enjoy this game . If you are looking for a good Baseball game , i would suggest All Star BAseball . The game play is terrible , and you can do things that you would be kicked out of the league for . Unrealistic and boring .
 The game has too many controls . It feels slow and gets boring after 2 innings . The pitching is awful , you either throw a ball , or the pitch over the middle of the plate . The fielding is bad , it is auto fielding .
 This is one of the worst baseball games I have ever played . It is the blitz of baseball -LRB- i hate blitz with a passion -RRB- . The pitching is terrible because you can not tell where the ball is going or how much speed you can put on it as in Triple play 2002 . Also the batting is etrocious and the fielding is even worse . I dont know how someone could give this game a good rating , and all the people i played it with said it -LSB- stinks -RCB- too . Some of the things in the game might be fun like having your bat on fire and hitting people , but I like a realistic baseball game and if you do to go for something else . I have played almost every good baseball game except for high heat if it is good . And the best one is triple play 2002 . I say go for that or all star baseball 2003 , both great games . But slugfest should be called -LSB- stink -RSB- fest 2003 .
 This game is the dumbest game ever made for sports . It is so unrealistic and none of it could happen . It 's like the blitz video games and is not worth the money . The fighting is the best thing about it , but it 's still really fake . I mean , the players catch on fire and the pitching is weird . Overall dont buy the game unless you like blitz games .
 its not real its too easy never buy it . buy world seires baseball its way beeter .
 I agree with what the reviewer said about sterotypes . He must be an old head like me who remembers when rap had a positive message and sought to break down sterotypes . I dont think you would have seen PRT or BDP Brand Nubian in this type of game . Seems now those same foundation layers are turning those sterotypes into profit . Using your own wife as a `` girlfriend '' Come on Russell , I knew you had a lisp but are you that against women ? I guess this type of ignorance is ok if it puts money in your pocket ... but if you perpetuate them , dont be mad when you are called on them . If you got ta keep up the `` thug/bling bling '' image , at the end of the day , you havent done much to motivate and change the game.On the flip side , if you take it strictly as entertainment , it looks like it will be a blast to play . Maybe not game of the year , but I got ta see flavor flav take on rollins ! Im too old to be swayed by marketing anyway . And in my opinion , hip hop culture has been partially destroyed years ago.The problem is the effect this has on kids ... or anybody who listens to rap . Im slightly offended , but Ive been upset with hip hop cultures decay for years now , so I guess this is par for the course . Kids , just dont try this at home ... and parents , watch what your kids are playing . . nuff saidPeace
 I am not offended by this game in the least . I am , however , dissapointed that some people will actually BUY this ! A game where the object is to get in fights , acquire `` bling '' , and acquire women . -LRB- And yes I do mean acquire , same as the other objects -RRB- Nice move putting your wife in the game as one of the girls -LRB- prizes -RRB- also , taht is among the classiest things I have seen in a while . I do n't have a problem with violence in games or other things of the like as long as it is all in good fun . But give me a break , what kind of moron do you and your agent have to be to allow yourself to be represented in this manner ? No wonder so many rappers are actors , most of them live an act .
 Do you remember those incredibly cheap fighting game characters that would cause you to blow a gasket as they unleashed a 28-hit combo which you could n't block or recover from ? Remember how M. Bison in Street Fighter 2 or Heihachi in Tekken 1 were so incredibly cheap and would barely let you get a hit in ? If that sounds like fun , then by all means buy Def Jam Fight for NY ! This game is actually fun for a while , and it looks and sounds great , but it 's too bad that the control is so cheesy and unbalanced that it basically ruined the game for me.PROS
 This game was half fun and half frustration . The controls are kind of clumsy , your attacks are too limited , and the gameplay does n't have the depth of Tekken 4 . There 's some awesome special moves you can buy but you can only use them at a certain time . You have to wait for a guage to fill up , then you have to wait for your opponent to give you an opportunity before the guage goes down . The camera angle can be difficult at times , it 's hard to tell what your doing when it 's to you 're back and the background -LRB- spectators , posts , etc. -RRB- blocks your view . The fighting is repetitive and you ca n't use combinations and special moves like most games . The defense can be difficult too . The game 's unique with some good features , it just needs more work . I 'm more of a Tekken and Bloody Roar fan . If you 've been spoiled by Tekken , this one might be disappointing . I can tell you that it will not tear communities apart any more than assualt weapons flooded the streets on September 14 . Gim me a break .
 I have not played the game and refuse to do so . The African American community have very few positive role models and the ones we do have tend to be athletes or muscians . This games promotes violence in the African American community and romanticizes the horror of death . I am very displeased with the concept of the game , and wish that it be taken off the shelf .
 I bought this Windows XP version of Creator hoping that it would be updated and have some of the bugs worked out over the Windows 98 version I got a while back . Well , it does work better , but it still has much of the needless limitations the older version did . There 's still a lack of the full range of pieces that you need to make anything of decent complexity including a complete lack of cornering pieces , the variety of turntables and hinges is a left wanting , and some of the pieces that need to be turned sideways to snap into place just plain ca n't , -LRB- though that last one maybe something I myself am overlooking -RRB- . But worst of all , and absolutely the most aggravating , is the program 's tendency to freeze and lock-up when your project gets too large . And I do n't mean `` large '' as in a Lego-man-scale model of the USS Missouri -LRB- which I tried -RRB- but even with much more reasonably sized , but still large , ones . And even when the software does cooperate on the big projects , after you save and later try to bet back to it , it will error-out and not let you back in . After spending a few days on something , it 's beyond frustration to have the program freeze up or not let you access it ever again.My only wish is that the people of LEGO would make a Creator program that has all the myriad parts and can handle a sizable number of pieces without malfunction .
 This does not work on XP at all . You can see what is on the disk , but you can not open anything . I have tried on several computers , bought at different times , and it does n't work . My son was really looking forward to playing this after Christmas .
 This product was advertised as working on XP but we could never get it to run . Needless to say my 6 year old was quite disappointed . Me too , cuz it looks fun .
 I am Very disappointed with this game !!!!! I got a really bad copy ! the game is a greated game but i bought a used copy and the sound was off , the story mode does n't work . . i dont not trust the seller ... i wasted my money when i could of bought one from game stop of something
 This game sucks , only because the animation is choppy . The idea is great , the fighting styles are great , everythings great about this game accept the animation . This would be the best game , but for instance , they show a lot of video clips in between fights , or after fights or something , and there always choppy . So the pictures will freez , but the words will keep going , so the words wont match the characters . or sometimes the videoclips will just freez for like , 1 minute . Also sometimes the picture will keep going , but the words will stop . Also , keep in mind im playing this game on my new ps2 , and the games brand new too . Also it happens with all my friends game also . So i am very dissapointed in the choppy animation . it makes the game not fun to play . So i think you should spend your $ on another game .
 This game rocks my underwear . You first have to buy panty hose . Then u go and have fun with the ladies . U go fishing and get a fish then u make the fish drunk . It starts talking to u . This is a fun game . U walk around naked also walking in circles in the middle of downtown . All the `` men '' cheer u on . U can play as spongebob with a code . U have to find it at the theworstgamesever.com . His special is he punches his face 3 times and then pees on a car he sees . Bye Bye i am goin to play Def Jam ya baby . This game reminds me of Barney the dinosaur .
 The concept was great
 I got this nd played all the way thru until the end it wont let , me finish the game hopefully they send me a good one
 This game seems to have compromised my system files making it impossible to boot up . I 've had to FDISK my hard drive and reinstall Windows . How 's the game , you ask ? Was it worth it ? The game never worked , I 'm sad to say . It refused to start , complaining that it was missing a DLL file . In other words , it was shipped as an unexcutable program . I plan to avoid all Cosmi titles from now on . I advise you to do the same . This company should be ashamed of themselves .
 There is no way to save your game , you only get 3 lives and an extra one every 4 levels or so . With 30 levels being advertised , you got ta be really good to get there ... very discouraging/boring to always have to start back at 1st level
 Overall
 I bought this in Jan of 05 , wanting a cheap steering wheel for my son -LRB- age 2 -RRB- to play with on the new slim PS/2 . For $ 20 it seemed fine.However , I took it home set it all up , and the first time I got it working the car -LRB- Crazy Taxi -RRB- just kept going left . The Accelerator/Brake paddles were not the correct buttons , and that old of a game doesnt let you remap the buttons.I unplugged the whole thing , and started again . This time I couldnt get the wheel and the reciever to connect.At this time I went to their internet site , where I found that this wheel is over 2 years old AND NO LONGER SUPPORTED . You wont even find this wheel on thier products page.I took it back for the Intec Wireless -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- . Havent been able to hook it up yet , but all the keys are remapable on the Intec .
 The 64MB Memory card wo n't work with alot of games , only a few !!!
 I bought two of these at my local Wal-Mart about a year or two ago thinking I was getting the best for my buck . I looked at the 8 MBs , which were about 24.99 / ea . Then I saw these . They had more than twice the space and only cost me about 8.99 / ea ! I thought to myself , wow , what a great deal . Now just a few weeks ago both of them simultaneously reformated for absolutely no reason . All my data was either corrupted , deleted , or fragmented . I had save files for over fifty games on both of these , with lots of space to spare . It just so happens after they reformated they still have the same amount of space left . Like all my data disappeared , but was still there . A few days afterwards , my friend , who bought himself one of these memory cards about the same time I did had his reformat too ! I 'm not sure if this was just a factory defect or a conspiracy to make you buy more of them when your old ones died , like the way soda companies do with adding salts so you drink more . Either way , I would recommend that no one buy one of these unless you have the money to get separate memory cards for backup or do n't care about losing data .
 The card works in my PS2 , which is at least better than the others here . The problem is that because I 've saved more than 10mb to the card , it no longer allows me to save . This means creating new files or updating old ones . I 'm leaving the PS2 on until tomorrow just so I can save the progress I made tonight.I have n't gotten to the point of corrupt save files yet , as far as I know . Then again , I have n't tried to load EVERYTHING on the card yet , so there may be things that are corrupted . At this point , I would n't be surprised.Don ' t buy this card , it 's a waste of your money . You 're better off with a Sony or a Nyko . I have two Nyko cards and have never had a problem with either of them .
 For my FW friends
 I spent 34.00 dollars for this card at Target . I stupidly threw out the wrapping and slip.I simultaneously purchased ` Kingdom of Hearts II ' along with the card . Playing that perfect game and then not being able to save was the most frustrating experience.This card simply does not work . Why it is being sold is beyond me . This item should have never been allowed on the market to begin with .
 It seems like a good deal - for ten bucks more than you pay for Sony 's card you get eight times the memory . What 's the catch ? The dang thing does n't work , that 's the catch ! It 'll do a pretty good imitation of a memory card . It LOOKS a lot like a memory card . It fits into the slot pretty nicely , too , but there the resemblance ends . It will work with SOME games , but once you 've used it to save games with which it 's incompatible , such as Resident Evil 4 and others , you 'll get corrupted save files -LRB- not that you 'll know this until you try to load them later , as the games APPEAR to save successfully -RRB- and your system will freeze when you try to delete or otherwise manage your saved games . Stick with the Sony 8MB card - the third-party cards are often garbage , and Datel 's MAX is the worst THIS old gamer 's seen yet .
 I had this Playstation 2 memory card for 4 months . Our family played and saved approximately 50 different PS2 games on this card , and it did n't run out of memory . All of a sudden we can not load our game saves from this card . We can not format nor reset this memory card . This card is now useless .
 The card worked just fine for several months , then could n't be read by my system as I went to save a game . My system -LRB- PS2 -RRB- still ca n't read , and I 'm afraid my data is lost . I 'm extremely disappointed with this product and would not buy one of this company 's products again .
 Where 's the option to give this product a zero ? It only goes as low as one . So a `` one rating '' is what this product will get.It 's horrible . It will save your gaming progress for only a few months and then suddenly , all the data will disappear and all the hours of work you put into your games will be gone in an instant.After that happens , you will no longer be able to save your game again . ANY Playstation 2 game . The memory card just DIES out of nowhere . Junk .
 I thought the large storage would be good for my son when I purchased a slim-line PS2 , but it does n't work . The poor quality of construction does not allow it to fit into the console . A total piece of junk .
 This card works fine up until the 10 mb mark , then it corrupts any data you put on it . If you delete some space then it works again . This is basically a 10mb card posing as a 64mb card . Stay far away , I even emailed datel -LRB- twice -RRB- with my problem and I have n't gotten a response . This is memory card is completely worthless . I 'm very shocked retailers sale this card as I 'm guessing more than half of them are returned .
 Features like 64MB of memory at a low price for the playstation 2 - It sold me . DO NOT BUY THIS CARD ! Until 4 months later it DIED ! All my progress on games like God of War , Resident Evil 4 , Black and many others got corrupted ! This memory card lost all my progress , now I will have to start all over again ! I will be trying sony 's 8MB `` name brand '' memory card . Hopefully using the `` name brand '' will be more dependable and a better quality product .
 Ok this card sucks ral hard it wo n't save new data and it wo n't allow data to be transferd from card to card please do not buy this card of you will be out some money ...
 Seemed to work ok . But two years after I bought it , it suddenly no longer works . And it 's not like I use it alot -- I do n't . I used the card to play only 4 different games and once I got bored of those , I stopped playing games on the ps2 . Ie I used it on and off for 6 months then have n't really played at all besides that -- and now the card is worthless . The ps2 says `` not formatted . format now ? '' but it had previously been formatted and had save games on it . I lost my saves ! Do n't buy this .
 Bought this for my son for Xmas . What a piece of junk . It says that there are `` 0 mb available '' on this memory card . We tried it in several different versions of PS2 's -LRB- his friends -RRB- , all did the same thing , or just did not recognize it at all . I 'm glad I bought mine from Amazon - no hassle return . They should trash it !
 This card did n't let me put ANY MEMORY AT ALL on it !!! When i go into the card sellecter that card said `` 0 MB avalable '' . The card is worthless .
 This card filled up with only 12MB saved to it and corrupted my save file . Completely worthless .
 I got this years ago and I tried using it and it caused corrupt data in some games , I contacted Sony and this brand is illegal and will have your warranty voided if you tell them this brand was used .
 Dont buy this card it only holds 6 games for a 64MB card . . ?? No matter what game it is . Choose something else .
 I purchased this card -LRB- at another retailer -RRB- after having reasonable success with the 16 MB Max Memory card that I bought a few months ago . I thought , `` great , I can use this card to back up my other save games . `` Unfortunately , I was only able to copy about 10 save games to the card and then any other save games I tried to copy would fail and a corrupted memory block would show up on the 64 MB card . After trying this a few times I gave up and drove back to the store to return the card.I decided that the Sony memory cards were too expensive -LRB- given that I 'd need several to backup all my data properly -RRB- , so I looked for an alternative solution for my backup needs.If you 're looking for a better way of backing up PS2 save data , then you may consider using the latest Action Replay Max . The Evo edition includes a flash card that can be used with the Memory Manager software to backup your save data . Alternately , you can try your luck by buying the non-Evo version plus your own flash drive . I use a Sony Micro Vault Tiny 256MB flash drive and it works great.Flash drive compatibility varies with AR , but other than the one I use , I hear that Lexar flash drives are typically compatible . Just make sure the drive is formatted with FAT and not FAT32 and stick with drives that are 256MB or smaller -LRB- generally , but some report 2GB flash drives working as well -RRB- . The best part about this is that you 'll only ever need one memory card if you do the `` AR + flash drive '' route , since the flash drive can be used to copy an `` unlimited '' number of game saves to a computer or other storage device . Just make sure you back up your data periodically and you 're set !
 You 're basically asking for all of your vital saved game data to become corrupted . I lost a vital 1300 KB file for my Warship Gunner 2 , Soul Caliber III , Air Force Delta Strike , Lethal Skies II , and so many more of my favorite games!Steer very clear of this ; it must be nice for the manufacturer to get away with selling you plastic incapable of anything useful at a price like that.In a nutshell , this is JUNK !
 I bought this card for about 8 bucks elsewhere and I have found it is selective in what game data it corrupts and what it does n't ... I 've played both Japanese and American games on it and about 75 % of the time it works perfectly . It 's good if you have way too many games and never enough space and do n't mind taking a test run of the save feature to see if it will pull through for you or not .
 this memory card wont work with kingdom hearts 2 . i dont know why.it works with my others games -LRB- dragon quest 8 , gran turismo , x-men legends -RRB- . it always says insuffient memory when im trying to save to kingdom hearts 2 . dont buy this memory card ever !!!!
 How can retailers sell this product ? It does not work with tons of games on the slim PS2s . They should be sued for not warning consumers that their product does not work with most games . Stick to the Sony 8MB cards . This is a waste of time and money , I assure you .
 The card does not function ! The PS2 keeps looking for a Sony 8MB card . Go figure .
 Picked up a PStwo , a couple of games and this memory card . Get it all home , and I ca n't save . A quick internet search finds I 'm not alone . Loads of people having all sorts of problems . DO NOT BUY THIS MEMORY CARD !
 Well , I got this memory card to go with my PS2 slim about 3 years ago . It gets 2 stars for having lasted so long . When I bought this I did n't know about all these negative reviews here , so when I tried to load my game save today and it said `` corrupted data '' , it came as a bit of a shock . `` Corrupted data ? But I was just playing this yesterday and it worked fine '' , I thought to myself . Then , a second game save became corrupted . So then I went to Amazon to see if others had experienced this problem , and , lo and behold , they had . Personally , I consider myself lucky that mine lasted so long at all . Still , the knowledge that any game save that you are working on could suddenly corrupt at any time for no apparent reason is unsettling . I ca n't really recommend this item since there 's no guarantee at all that your copy of the memory card would even last as long as mine did . In this case , it seems best to shell out the extra money to get the Sony memory card instead .
 I bought a couple of these for my kids to save space and $ from having to buy multiple 8MGB cards . What a mistake ! If seems the card and included CD adds software code that overwrites and modifies the software for the console can damage your machine . Eventually our machine would not work at all so we had to send it back to Sony . They informed us that the problem was indeed the way the Max Card Software changed the machine , which had caused it to lock up . They strongly recommended we no longer use it as this is rather common according to Sony.Avoid !!! Do not buy or use this as it can ruin your machine . It WILL modify the code which can cause the console to lock up and no longer function .
 I bought one of these cards and it died and took all my data with it ! This has happened to myself and many people I know , do n't waste the money ! These memory cards are by no means reliable or a good investment.It will most likely take an Action Replay or a codebreaker to get your data off of it if it dies like mine did . Even with that I could n't get all the data back . .
 This is not a game but a memory card . I bought this product brand new from Wal-mart with my brand new PS2 and it did n't work at all . Just as life happens I lost the receipt and just threw it away . What an embarrasment as it was a gift for my husband .
 Over the past 2 years i have bought a 32mb and 2 64 megabyte memory cards from the max memory company . Each one has either had all files corrupted or is not able to be saved to . Tonight i went to turn on my guitar hero 2 game and for the 3rd time the memory was corrupted and i have every song which took me about 2 months to get and it was all gone and you can not get it back .
 I 've not yet received the item I ordered , even though it is past the delivery window . A simple inquiry as to its whereabouts was greeted by an extremely rude and unprofessional reply from Safeshopping . What you read in their feedback section is not necessarily the reply sent to the customer . They also violated Amazon 's rules by demanding I remove negative feedback . Steer clear of this seller if you want to avoid problems .
 This thing was a complete waste of money . I 've had good luck with 3rd party memory cards on other consoles , but with both the PS and PS2 , 3rd party memory seems to be garbage.So far with the Max Memory device , I 've only gotten two PS2 games to successfully save . Every other game I 've tried fails to save and tells me that the device is corrupted . Bottom line , do not waste your money on this unreliable piece of junk . They 're more expensive , but you 'll be better off sticking with Sony memory cards .
 I have bought this product a total of three times in my life . I bought one for me and my brother about 18 months ago . It worked fine for about 3 months until it just stopped working altogether . I cursed lots because I had a lot of saves . 8 months ago it was the the only PS2 memory card they had so i bought it . YET AGAIN . 4 months later it stopped working .
 Dont waste your money of this piece of garbage , I would not take another one of these or anything else made by Datel even if you paid me . If you want a card that may or may not be recognized by your game , corupts the saves it does acept , and just randomly decides to reformat then this is the memory card for you otherwise stick with the sony brand card .
 One of the most annoying games ever , made all the worse because when you die the words `` GAME OVER '' appear in giant letters and a voice shouts them into your ear in case you ca n't read the 82 point font .
 I have ordered this game for my son since the day before black friday and have not gotten it yet I called amazon and they told me to contact him , so I did i have not gotten a reply yet.today is january 5th 2012 and i have not gotten the game .
 this game is really bad the game play sucklike 30 people thats a lie more like 15well just go rent it and seeoverall .1 / 10lets hope the psp one dont come out bad tooi think it is
 I wanted this game very badly , I remember it being very good , The game i received was a totally different game .
 How this game got released I do n't know . The animation is slow and choppy , the graphics are cruddy , and the game itself just seems like a big joke . I played this for about 10 seconds before realizing what a horrible mistake I 'd made purchasing it . It 's sad , too , because I was really looking forward to a good motorcycle racing game on the Dreamcast . Buyer beware !
 This game I thought would be cool because the fact that it involves ducati 's . I was wrong the worst graphic cliping I have seen on dreamcast bad graphic 's , bad frame rate , horrible physic 's and bad sound effects as well as music . I took it back the next day and echanged it for the best racing game I have seen on dreamcast . That was Test Drive Le Mans it is great I highly recomend it I was happy that Ducati was so bad and I had to exchange it after the first five minutes of test drive le mans I was hooked , that 's a five star game not to mention it is only $ ... so run out and get it . Stay far far away from ducati if you enjoy quality games .
 I totally agree with the other reviews . The physics in Puke-kati are lame . I 'm surprised that Acclaim put their name on this one . Re-volt , another Acclaim game , is one of the best racing games I 've played . Buy that one .
 This was absolutely the most frustrating game I have ever played . The graphics are great , do n't get me wrong , but the controls and the silly things that your players will do with consistently were so aggravating . For one , every time a shot goes up , defensive rebounding is way too hard . Half the time your players will stand around dumbfounded and then maybe reach down and pick the ball up off the ground . On offense , players will occasionally just wander out of bounds if you are anywhere near the sidelines or baseline . And certainly do n't assume that there is any realism to your players abilities . I was playing a friend , and Eric Snow of all people could drive and dunk every time he touched the ball , while Reggie Miller ca n't seem to be able to make a three to save his life . You tell me , is that realistic ? Please rent this before you go out and buy it .
 First off the players hunch like someone dropped a piano on them . Running out for the tip off looks like the old man 100 meter race . The announcer repeating the same thing until i turned his voice off . This being a game where you buy it thinking it is going to be a good game , when in reality it -LSB- is not -RSB- . A game where Mugsy Boges is throwing them down and Matt Geiger is draining the 3 's . Playing on a harder difficulty and beating the computer is like beating games like NFL blitz . Just do n't buy this game !
 I got sick after playing it for 1 hour i tried to like it and was excited when it finally arrived but i uninstalled it on the same day and never played it again ... buy Warlords Battlecry 3 if you want a good game .
 I never rated anything lower than a 3 star , so when I do it must be really bad . And NHL07 is bad.There are less options when it comes to player creation than previous versions -LRB- NHL04 was the last one I owned and I like it a lot -RRB- . Graphics is n't much of an improvement . There are some additional modes of play but nothing really interesting . There are bugs like if you press ESC key to get the menu in game , you can only use the keyboard to move the cursor and select options , gamepad and mouse are both disabled . Those are all minor problems compare to the degradation of AI from before.Some highlights -LRB- or lowlights -RRB- : - goalies ignores the puck if it 's a pass . If you have a player going behind the net , pass to him and see the goalie do nothing . - When I turn the difficulty level up from normal to difficult , what I found was that instead of making the AI smarter , EA simply decided to make AI invincible on offense . Defenders would just bounce off the AI player carrying the puck . I would have surround the AI player with 3-4 players of my own , all checking/hooking/grabbing the jersey/chopping at his stick . No matter , the AI player would just spin free from everyone , wind up the slapshot and scores from 20ft away from the net . That does n't make game difficult , just frustrating ! - Besides the invincibility upgrade AI received on offense , absolute nothing was different between the normal and higher difficulty levels . AI defense is still weak and if you have no trouble scoring at normal , you wo n't have any problem at difficult.On the bright side , you do get the updated roster . Yay .
 the gameplay is what it is , it 's the same as its been since back in 91 for the oldschool sega genesis . you can still swoop down to the faceoff circle and then cut across the goal line to score on a wrister/backhand , and you can still burn around everyone with the speedboost button . the computer opponents still seem to not have the same laws of physics that the player controlled figures have
 The most frustrating aspect of this game is moving from medium to difficult level . If you read any of the previous reviews , it is EXACTLY what they said . The hockey does n't get any better or any smarter . It simply puts the computer opponent into invinicible mode . Your no longer able to poke check or body check the opponent , they just bounce off you and eventually get the pass off in front of your goalie and the opponent 1 times the puck into the net . -LRB- Especially since your goalies suck , they only get about 10-15 shots per game and let in 7 or 8 goals -RRB- Also the opponent needs only skate in your direction to knock the puck away from you when your on offense.But medium difficulty is easy and boring because you win every game 10-1 . So , I uninstalled after I won the Stanley Cup as the Rangers on medium rating.Weak . Super ... Super . . Weak .
 EA games are great but EA support when things go wrong -- as they do occasionally -- is miserable . its impossible to get useful online help -LRB- only stock answers to routine problems -RRB- ... there is no useful telephone support . In this case , a faulty disk took weeks to replace . If EA wants to keep repeat customers it needs to treat them much better .
 EA Sports forgot to include the code required for installation of the game onto my pc . Amazon was nice enough to send me a second copy asap . Again , no code . EA sports made me jump through hoops to get a code emailed to me . They wanted me to pay for shipping to return the game for a replacement . Despite tons of delays and frustration , my son loves the game .
 I purchased this game for my little boy for Christmas . He opened it up and was excited as could be . I went to install the game and found no installation code on the back of the game manual . I looked everywhere else and we were provided no code . I tried to call EA and they have no toll free number to call for help . The only option I see for help on their website is to send an email , and you ca n't do that until after you `` register '' with them . I registered to send an email asking for the code so I can install the game . It 's been more than 24 hrs and we have not heard back . I emailed again today . My little boy is so very disappointed and EA 's support sucks really bad . What support?This problem remains unresolved.One more note-I ordered this game because of our love of hockey . If you are a major hockey fan like us , do n't bother with this . It hurts to say that , but I see no value in this and all I will remember about this is how disappointed my son was on Christmas Day . I am certain EA will not offer us any kind of apology or compensation . So I say , boycott EA until they start taking action to make-up for these terrible mishaps .
 I bought this as one of my first Nintendo games and I must say , it was a very bad buy . I played it once and it was just no fun at all . Maybe I 'm too old for it but I would n't buy it again .
 Maybe I got a bad copy or something but after awhile my city would stall no matter how hard I tried booting quality of life or lowering pollution . Really lacking in memory and nothing like the PC version of yesteryear . I ended up selling it after a while .
 I have to say , the game 's graphics are nothing short of cheap . But besides that fact , the game is cool and all , except you have limited creativity . I got stuck many times trying to figure out what to do , or how to do things . The tutorial was of limited help when it came to the real gameplay . I struggled and eventually just gave up , never to play again . I hope to sell it soon .
 this game was so boring and it took forever to get anywhere . you have to start off building a city and then you have to wait for that city to grow . and wait and wait and wait and thaeres not much you can do to speed up the time you pretty much can jsut set the game down and run a couple miles and come back and see if anything happend . not a very fun game
 I should have done my homework before I purchased this game . It was very complicated and did not have the `` fun factor '' that other DSi game possess . The instructions for this game did not clearly guide you through the process of the game . I do not recommend this game at all .
 I am sure the game does exactly what it is supposed to do . But I bought it for my sons birthday and he lost interest after 1 day . I tried it out and it is kind of boring plus you can hardly see what you are trying to create .
 My daughter and I were so excited to get this game on the DS . We play Sims City 4 all the time on our PC . Unfortunately , we were really disappointed with the DS version , probably since we are so used to the interface and features of SC 4 . I understand this is more like playing Sim City 3000 , which I did n't play.We found it hard to make the city and the city is hard to see on the screen . You ca n't cut through the zones to make new roads - at least I have n't figured out how . I also do n't like that you can only make one city at a time . You have to erase the city to start a different one . We are used to making 5 or more cities at one time on the SC4 - I guess we got spoiled . But if you are trying to share the game with another person , you would really need 2 games since you would probably each want your own city . At least that is what I was hoping for . I know the DS limits the options , but I was really disappointed with this game .
 I did n't think the game was much fun at all . In fact , I tried to return it the next day and ended up having to take a cheap trade-in on it because I wanted to get rid of it so badly . The back of the case made it sound exciting -LRB- `` save your city from fire ! '' turned out to mean , `` rebuild the city afterwards '' etc -RRB- and i was really disappointed . I also had a lot of trouble figuring out how to do anything . I guess i was expecting it to be more like other games I 'd played in the past , such as Sim Hospital and Sim Theme Park .
 This is not what the cover says it is . There are only 19 games on this product . Very disappointed with this software .
 The mahjongg games are playable and work pretty well , although a lot of the tile selections are useless -LRB- e.g. , the tiles are so similar it 's difficult to differentiate them -RRB- . However , the solitaire games are nearly unplayable , both from a visual standpoint and in the way the games themselves work . It 's so bad that at one point , I had to reinstall the game , and I left out the solitaire module .
 I read some reviews about this game , and decided to get it -LRB- only ten bucks , so not too big of a loss -RRB- . The game is exciting and fun-until you finish the first couple of quests . After that , the novelty of the game -LRB- it was my first RPG -RRB- wears off . You soon begin to realize that it is EXTREMELY repetitive , and far too easy -LRB- I completed the campaign mode , and only died about three times -RRB- . While they do all have specific weapons and armor , the classes are all very similiar , with almost every class relying almost entirely on melee combat -LRB- they all have a ranged weapon , but it is hard to aim and not very effective , so I used special powerups , such as flaming shots , to eliminate ranged enemies , not a very effective method -RRB- the `` magic '' class , the disciple , starts off with one spell , and his melee weapon is awful , though he does have a shotgun , even if it does n't make much sense in a mideival game . The graphics are terrible , and the bird 's eye view makes it impossible to make out anything about yourself or any of the enemies , besides the giant ones . While you can get different armor and weapons throughout the game , there are basically three to five -LRB- maybe six -RRB- armor and weapon models for each armor piece and weapon for each class , and the game just adds different colors , names , and effects to the existing models , and calls it a new item . The gems that you can add to your weapons and armor work the same way , with there being about five or six of them , and they start off as `` fractured '' Ex . `` fractured bloodstone '' , then they move on to plain gems Ex . `` bloodstone '' , then superior Ex . `` superior bloodstone '' . Most of the gems are fantastical gem names anyway , Ex . Sun Pearl , Blootstone , etc. . Another testimony to the ridiculous ease of this game is the `` rare '' items ' ability to be a LOT more common than they should be , in fact there are probably more rare items than there are normal ones . The game has somewhat long load times , especially when loading your character -LRB- the items can take up to ten seconds to all appear on your character card -RRB- . Though this is n't too big of a problem , because of the bird 's eye view , the character customization is very limited , basically you select your skin tone , hair style and hair color in the beginning , and that 's it . There are few hair styles anyway , and most of them are n't attractive . The musice all sounds about the same , and it gets annoying . The online mode is boring , hardly anyone is ever on anyway , and there is no way to talk in game , only in the lobby . This can get annoying when playing a co-op online game , since you ca n't communicate with your partner . The game does have a few good things going for it , though . There is a long storyline , with one or two unexpected twists . There is a wide range of characters , and some of the enemies are ingenious ideas -LRB- even if a bit gnarly , Ex . a creature with it 's arms sewn and chained to it 's sides and a giant head that sucks up your power and then explodes , hurting you in the process -RRB- . All in all , this is a very repetative , boring game that I would not recommend at all .
 I 'm not a very serious gamer , having not played many video games since the NES -LRB- until I recently got a Wii and a PSP -RRB- . So , understand that I am far from an expert hand at video games . Yet , even as a casual gamer , I can say that Untold Legends
 This game does not worth $ 39.99 . It plays like Diablo . Boring and boring and boring .
 I bought this ... at a local store , just wanting a basic chess game to play around with . Boy , am I sorry I bought it . The graphics are terrible , and there is an annoying intro to the game that you ca n't avoid . It looks like it was made in about 1990 .
 Just a terrible game . I was looking for a cheap chess game as well . The graphics are absolutely awful . However , the game itself has no depth . Nice waste of $ 10 .
 I bought it at the discount table . I know why now it was at the discount table.All the `` features '' on the packaging were absent . Annoying music . And it plays terrible chess.The only good point is that I did n't spend much for it .
 I am sure that I will enjoy the games , if IO can get them installed , But They Are Not Compatible with Windows 7 . Please tell me how to install the program . Thank you .
 One of the fears of game-developers is that people will copy their game , and they wo n't receive profits . However , one of the fears of game-player is that the systems will no longer support their games . Hence the gigantic move to the console , and the shut down of the PC game market -LRB- unless it 's an obscene amount of revenue like the on-line pay to play games -RRB- . Here , cDilla and/or SecuROM have locked down the CD 's distributed by Broderbund/SmartSaver . This is very , very , very unlike Broderbund . They have been an avid compter software manufacturer since the mid 80 's . What happened to them ? -LRB- Rumor has it that the evil MindScape company bought them up . -RRB- No one knows . Here , if you did ever buy this game , you 'll need the box top , receipt , UPC , and CD . Then , in the spirit of what use to be Broderbund , they 'll give you a credit . You ca n't play this game . They do n't want you to . A number of hacking/backup software programs will illegaly take down the `` Please insert the correct CD '' dialog box that you 'll get after you install patch 3.22 , but none of the companies involved want anything to do with you after you buy this game . I see greed . They see protecting profits . Mel Gibson , Parmont , 20th Century Fox , ICON , Eidos , cDilla , and SecuROM sure have let us down . They only wanted you to play it for a couple years and throw it away , so you could buy more things that do n't work from them . Ha ! ****** WARNING THIS GAME WILL NOT WORK ****** . You 'll have more fun if you throw $ 10 out your car window and see who fights over it . Mel 's already got mine .
 This video game should only be owned by the most hardcore PC gamers who MUST have every horrible PC game if only to make fun of it later on or w/e . This game is in the same vein as ` Dr. Jekel and Mr. Hyde ' for the NES , or E.T. for Atari 2600 , and other such turd-toppers . Its good as a coaster , not much else.I find it absurdly hilarious that anyone would be stupid enough to offer this game for anything more then a cent.I honestly believe if you 're desperate enough to pirate this game , you should be shot for utter stupidity.This game is bad , avoid . : P
 A fraud , if you will . Loved all the previous Myst games . This was made by a different group with much lesser standards , talent and budget . The last hurrah cash in . Sad for all those looking forward to it . Sad for the people who made the previous versions
 If you enjoyed MYST , you will not enjoy this installment . nothing like the other adventures at all . More like tomb raider . I tried it out for a day or so and ended up throwing it away . Really sad , maby they 'll remake it in the style of the first four . i mean really how do you go from a solid series then change the whole format ?! really disapointing
 Amazon forces you to put stars on a review , but this game deserves less than zero . I know I 'm not saying anything that the other reviews have n't said , but this game actually hurt.I 've played all of the Myst games except URU which wo n't run on a Mac . Then I had a kid ; he 's four , and he sits next to me and plays them too , so playing Myst has become an intergenerational meaningful experience ... which Myst V completely destroyed . It is SO bad that I feel like Cyan has robbed me of the enjoyment of doing something fun with my kid . It is a betrayal of everything that the earlier games excelled at . I 'm heartbroken , truly pained .
 I should preface this by saying that Myst and Riven are , in my opinion and for a host of reasons , * the * two best PC adventure games ever made , and both have unquestionably defined and revolutionized the PC adventure game genre . The backstory behind Myst was also something that I found intriguing ; the Book of Ti'Ana is simply brilliant - part adventure , part romance , empires collapsing , disease , death , destruction , etc - and is essential reading for anyone even remotely interested in learning more about the Myst backstory . Riven was , in my mind , the peak of Cyan 's achievement that was exceeded only by the `` Ahnonay '' Age of PotS , which I think was , conceptually , the most brilliant idea in the entire Myst series -LRB- although the entire Uru experience was marred by a poor interface , poor character animation , and ... well , Yeesha 's dialogue -RRB- That being said , it pains me to admit this , but the grand finale to the Myst saga in the form of Myst V is simply poor . As others have pointed out , the Ages are small . The puzzles seem arbitrary , illogical , and there for no apparent reason . There is no sense of unity among the puzzles in an Age ; you simply proceed from point A to point B -LRB- quite literally -RRB- , solving puzzles along the way . If you 're not too good at drawing with the mouse , you 're going to have problems too , as this is a fundamental requirement in the game.I was also disappointed that my computer -LRB- admittedly 4 years old -RRB- that had no problems running Myst 1-4 + Uru seemed to screech to a halt when running Myst V ; in the large Age with the canal , for instance , I was getting a frame rate of about 3 frames per second while moving along the beach , even at the lowest graphics settings.The graphics are good , but they did n't blow me away . As another reviewer pointed out , the environments were bland and boring , full of grays and browns . Many of the Ages bore striking similarities to Earth . Where are the exotic locations that we were given in the earlier games ? The character animations -LRB- Esher , Yeesha , Bahro -RRB- were also awkward and unattractive.The rewards in Myst V are almost non-existent . In earlier games in the series , if you solved a difficult puzzle , you would get to take a scenic ride , travel to an exotic Age -LRB- like Tay -RRB- , get a nice scenic view , or at least watch a really cool animation . Not here . When you reach the end of an Age , that 's it . You click on a stone , it slides back , and you link out.It 's not all bad news though ; there were a few nice in Myst V . The game breaks with the standard nature Age / mechanical Age formula that we saw in Exile and Revelation ; the Ages here all have a little bit of both . You also get to explore the Great Shaft and descend all the way to the bottom , which I thought was really nice -LRB- I was annoyed that you could n't do anything more than a swan dive down the shaft in Uru -RRB- . We finally get a snowy Age , which is something different . I ca n't comment on the ending because I have n't gotten there yet.In summary
 A BAD , SAD end to a great series ! Myst V is the absoulte worst of the bunch . The game seems as if it was built in a rush by third stringers using leftovers from URU and Myst 1 . The puzzles are lame and the graphics poor with detail , clickable or otherwise , minimal and no interactive video . Worst of all seems to be the poor quality control
 This was such a let down . How sad that the MYST era ended like this . This is one of the worst games I have ever played . My advice do n't spend the money to get this . It is that bad !
 Needless to say I am extremely disappointed in this game . I was really looking forward to it having played all the others . I have n't even finished it - have gotten to Noloben - it 's so boring . All you do is walk around & look at the scenery , which is not much in my opinion & work a few puzzles here & there . There is no neat stuff like previous Myst games , no opening drawers or making things move , no cool rides on trams , etc. . The story line also sucks . You do n't care about any of characters or rather only two !! At least Sirrus & Achenar kept you wondering what they 'd get up to next . The Yeesha character is ugly - after being such a cute , wonderful little girl in Myst IV - she 's now an ugly woman . Esher is boring & ugly too !! I 'm getting tired of him being the only character I talk to . The Dinebo resting land is stupid , nothing to do except open gates , the other ages are either cold & forbidding or have palm trees - big whoop ! Nothing really to explore like in other games . This series has gone out with a whimper not a bang ! Maybe that 's what they wanted so we would n't bug them to make another one . If they were all like this one I would have quit playing years ago . However , they should redeem themselves and make another to make up for this one ! Someone said they lost money on URU , well , this one sure wo n't help them any !
 I have been an avid follower of the Myst series since being blown away by Riven at the time of its release . Exploring the complex realistic worlds with their beautiful graphics and textures was one of the major things that put these games in a league of their own . When URU was released I was shocked to find that the makers had decided to abandon this aspect of the game replacing it with the same old boring cartoon looking graphical style that is found in so many games these days . Despite this I persevered and was relieved to find Myst 4 returning close to the original graphical style . Having just purchased Myst 5 I am completely shocked and bemused but mostly very disapointed that Cyan have decided to apply the same awful graphical style of URU to the final game in the series . Nothing about this game has the flair and beautiful graphical style of its predecessors . The makers have completely missed the point . They simply do not appear to have any idea what was special about these games . Myst V is simply awful and a great disapointment at the end of what was a classic and landmark series of computer games .
 I 'll start off by saying I 'm only halfway done this game as of writing this review . I have been a HUGE Myst fan since the beginning with the original Myst game . Over the years I 've enjoyed where the games have gone , exploring the darker sides of Sirrus and Achenar , trapsing back into Atrus ' past and so on . Myst 5 just seems to take a big step away from the core foundation of this series . The general story line and plot of this game are understandable -LRB- if you 've played Uru and its expansions , otherwise you 'll be lost -RRB- . However , the actual code itself behind the graphics and essential gaming structure is seriously flawed . My main frustration lies with the slates and how the player draws symbols on them to get the Bahro to do things necessary to move the plot along and solve the various puzzles . Obviously , interfacing user input with a puzzle game setting is challenging and my fears were confirmed after I played the game for a little while . There are too many variations that can be input onto the slates for the computer to handle . Twice so far I 've been allowed access to areas I should n't have just because my symbols were read wrong . I got through Todelmer because the Bahro thought I had entered the final symbol , but in actuality I had just explored the first area of the game and was just getting used to the method of using the slate . In Tagira , I managed to get out of the entry ice cave by writing symbols from other Ages onto the slate . The computer got confused and essentially gave me a link out of the cave . Also , the guidelines for solving the puzzles are near-to-non existent . Esher does n't provide much help and Yeesha 's journal entries have nothing to do with the main gameplay itself . The `` motion '' scenes , primarily with Esher , are also flawed . The sound will sometimes cut-out , leaving you clueless as to how Esher is feeling or emphasizing the words he is speaking -LRB- which may be important to the next puzzle -RRB- . Also , the camera jerks rapidly when transitioning from `` play-mode '' to `` movie-mode '' . Overall , Myst V just feels slipshod and poorly made . Its almost as if they did n't go through all of the product testing before selling the game . Its unfortunate because the game truly suffers because of this.Despite all of this , I will try to finish the game on my own steam . However , the experience itself has already been marred . If you are looking for a truly entertaining and in-depth experience with the Myst universe , I would recommend Myst , Riven , Exile and Revelation . All of these follow the same tried and true formula for excellent puzzle gaming . Uru was a failed experiment by Cyan that they tried to save by selling as an expansion set game . In general , its not that great either ; but that 's another review .
 I am a huge fan of Myst , having played and loved all of the games in the series . However , this chapter of the Myst series sucks ! There is no logic to the puzzles and you have to rely on drawing on a stone tablet in the game to do anything . Plus , Escher is the most annoying character in the world . Every time you think you are getting somewhere in the game , he pops up and talks about pretty much nothing , except to give away what the next puzzle is . He completely breaks up the flow of the game . The whole concept of having to draw on the stone slate so that the animals help you is idiotic . Half the time , the computer thought I was drawing a different symbol than the one I was trying to draw and it allowed me access to parts of the game I should n't have been in at that time . Since I was not actually using logic to complete any of the puzzles , I did n't feel like I was accomplishing anything . Also , I kept reading that the ending was supposed to be spectacular , but it was a huge let down and the same ending basically used before in the series . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!
 I have loved the Myst series since the beginning . I bought this one , hoping for another good installment . I did n't get it . In fact , I have yet to go back and finish this game.Not for the puzzles , though the ones with the timers were VERY annoying since it always takes me a while to do those . Not even for the graphics , which were not up to previous standards . I mean , I spent hours just wandering around in Myst IV because I was so taken with the graphics , but I do n't need fancy graphics to enjoy a game.The main turn-off for me was the lack of connection to the characters . One of the main reasons I enjoyed the previous Myst games was because you get involved with the Atrus and his family . You 've become his friend -LRB- well , in a way -RRB- and I personally liked the characters enough to want something good to happen to them . I even got a little choaked up at the ending of Myst IV . EoA abruptly ended that . You 're left with a single depressing letter from Atrus and occasional contact with a grown-up Yeesha . All you 're left with is the puzzles . Now , if all you 're looking for is challenging puzzles , then I 'd suggest picking it up . But part of the enjoyment of a game , book , or movie for me is caring about the characters in it , and EoA just lost that for me .
 I have played all of the Myst games . And loved them all . I spent countless hours exploring and studying and solving . I loved the beauty of the worlds and realistic characters . Then Myst V came along and sent the series out on a whimper . The graphics quality has decreased a lot . The polygons are more visible than ever , textures are flat in some places , and it does n't have the `` feel '' of past Myst games -LRB- and I am playing with a great video card , so that is not the issue -RRB- . I would have loved if they kept the environments at the same level as revelaiton or Exile
 I am sorry the final chapter is not on Mac platform as well . I have enjoyed the series to be left out in the end .
 I ordered this item - twice - for Windows . Twice Amazon shipped me the MAC version , and refuses to believe that I did n't order the wrong thing . The picture and the description said Windows version when I ordered it . They ca n't get it right , so I ca n't say how good the game is or not . Just a warning , if you want to purchase this game and think you 're getting what the picture shows .
 I returned to this game because I ca n't remember why I stopped playing it at the time , was it too many other commitments ? Then I remembered - it is awful . I loved the rest of the Myst series and really looked forward to playing them . I used a few hints here and there but managed pretty well , this game just seems nonsensical . I agree with whoever said that scope was small enough to be a demo and therefore they seem to have crammed a lot of daft , intricate tasks into it . I 'm not even going to play it any more with a walkthrough , where is the fun in that ? Really disappointed . Will see if the older games will play on my new PC .
 Never was able to play this game , it caused stack errors while trying to start it . Problem was it will not work with Direct X 10 . Ubisoft provided no resolution . Thus if you have Vista or Direct X 10 , do no purchase this game , it will not work , and Ubisoft does not support any updates or patches to help it work . . it is basically a ripoff as they do n't tell you this . I am out the funds it cost for this game and am writting this to help others not waste their money buying something that causes stack errors and the maker of the game could care less .
 Basically I agree with the previous detractors . This installment was a complete and utter let down . I was expecting a grand finale , but it was a soggy firework instead . Way to easy , not really puzzle based at all -LRB- or at least too few and too simple -RRB- , and visually disappointing also . Stick with the first 4 games and give this a miss unless you are a real fan and really care what happens in the end .
 This game was terrable . It 's not worth any amount of money . Maybe if it cost one cent with free shipping and you are extremly bored , it will help you pass the hour , but if you played and liked the first 4 Mysts , you will hate this game . Characters were badly anemated , to much talking , to confusing , half the time there were no clues to tell you where you should go and what you should do next and the other half it was like they thought you were to stupid to be alive because they told you step by step by step what to do , when to do it and how to do it . Very , very bad game . on a scale of 0 to 10 this game is a 1 only because the most entertaining part is telling all my family and friends how bad it is and seeing the look of shock that the makers of Myst put out a bad game .
 As _ Myst V , End of Ages _ opens , you find yourself in the K'Veer section of D'Ni , in the room where Atrus was trapped all those years ago . Nearby , you find a strange device . You approach the device and ZAP ! Yeesha , Atrus 's daughter appears . She tells you of a tablet with mysterious powers . She once was the keeper , but failed to use it properly . Now it is your destiny -- as a friend of the family you * do * keep getting involved -- to release the tablet and put it to its proper purpose.Sounds like the set up for a pretty good game , does n't it ? Unfortunately , EoA takes a that concept and falls flat on its face when it comes to execution . This game is boring at best , annoying at worst and to get through it I had to resort to a technique I 'd never before used
 I wanted to like this game . Really , I did . I mean , it 's the first one by Cyan since Riven , and I wanted to let the original creators have the final word . But compared to all the previous games , End of Ages is a huge letdown.Okay , first things first . The game engine . I understand that Cyan was desperate to conclude the series . Their Uru endeavor failed and they were in financial trouble , so they had to use the real-time 3D engine made for Uru because they could n't afford to make Myst 5 from scratch . I can get past that . I wanted to get past that.I have played Uru , and I did n't like it at all . That game centered on journey cloths , jumping puzzles , and kicking objects around with your feet . -LRB- All that attention to photorealistic detail , and yet the player ca n't pick objects up or climb low ledges . -RRB- No sense of mystery , no story to discover . Just a long-winded D'ni history lesson as you move through linear ages by solving blatantly artificial -LRB- and often illogical -RRB- puzzles.The fun of Myst-the whole point ! - is to believe that this is happening to you right now . It is an alternate reality and you are part of the story . You are Atrus ' friend and have earned the privilege to be part of the family . Uru made all of that false . It separated the player from this beloved viewpoint . Someone in the distant past helped Atrus and now you are really exploring the ruins of a long dead civilization . It was way more fun when we were part of the story instead of just witnessing the ruins of its end . Cyan destroyed their own world by taking it out of the context Myst established.On a more intangible level , the DNRC 's presence ruined the atmosphere . I felt like I was exploring ages that had already been charted . Everything had already been discovered and I was n't doing anything new . Esher 's presence in Myst 5 creates this same feeling . Many have been on this quest before , so you are not doing anything special . -LRB- I wonder how the others failed . It was n't * that * difficult . -RRB- In all these ways Myst 5 suffers from Uru 's engine . The graphics , while fluid and faster-loading , are lifeless compared to the beautiful pre-rendered landscapes of all the previous installments . The ages are tiny and horribly linear -- there 's no free choice in how you explore each age . You must stay on the path to move the slates and there 's no room to look elsewhere . Like the journey cloths in Uru , the slates and pedestals are just inconsequential object hunting . Instead of discovering a story through exploration and problem-solving , moving slates is the goal . It does n't feel like a Myst game at all.Puzzles in Myst have always been part of the environment and story . They have logical reasons to be there , and when solved they mean something . And even if a few are artificial , they still serve some sort of purpose to the story . That 's what makes Myst games so unique . The puzzles are not there just to delay the player , but to enhance the story . Not here . Puzzles are dropped in your path * only * to keep you from carrying the slates to the other side of the age and finishing the game in ten minutes . It 's probably an attempt to recapture the feel of page-hunting from the original Myst , but even that rewarded you with another piece of the story and made you want to explore more , find out what happened . Moving slates is the goal of Myst 5 , and it 's a goal unto itself . It does n't accomplish anything , so it 's unsatisfying when you finally achieve it . If anyone wanted to make croquet into a puzzle game this is how to do it.But there is some good here . With the exception of the elevator outside the arena in Laki'ahn , the puzzles are logical -LRB- even if arbitrary -RRB- . In all fairness , the observatory age is the best of the four with gorgeous scenery and a brilliant set of puzzles that are satisfying to solve . The power of the Bahro is used for an impressive task in that age.Elsewhere the Bahro are used to help you solve one puzzle in each age , which is obviously contrived so that it can only be solved in this way . It 's an awkward use of the power because it all feels like a setup . This setup feel worked in Exile because it was there for a reason -LRB- you were forced to jump through the hoops the villain set up for you -RRB- . But here it 's not called for . This is supposed to be an epic quest , not a staged game of `` Let 's Move the Slate . '' Did the D'ni have to wait for a hurricane every time they wanted to use the winch in the last age ? How contrived and pointless can a puzzle get?About that elevator ... it 's just plain stupid that you ca n't run off it as it lowers . There 's no barrier that holds you back , so running to the platform while the elevator lowers seems natural because you do something similar in a previous puzzle . Why stop us from doing it here ? Alas , an invisible barrier keeps the player from doing something that by all visual cues is quite logical . I hate it when games use methods like this to make puzzles.But I think all the above is nitpicking . The story is the real problem . Since my first day playing Myst , I was under the impression that the D'ni wrote all these things into existence . Every game -LRB- including Uru -RRB- has presented and underscored the breathtaking power of the Art to create anything by writing it . So where did the Bahro come from ? Why did the D'ni need an enslaved race to do their building when they had the Art ? They were never mentioned in the previous games and no back story is given to explain or give weight to their purpose . Even if they 're mentioned in the Myst novels it does no good because it contradicts everything we 've come to know and love about the D'ni . Again , Cyan spoiled their own world by putting this in there.Without a solid story to discover , there 's no Myst game . I could 've overlooked all the puzzle and graphical shortcomings if the story had been good . But the journey is not worth it and the ending ca n't save it.In Myst , Riven , Exile and Revelation , the endings leave you with a deep sense of achievement . You not only solved the puzzles and got to the ending , you earned the privilege to understand the story . Do n't expect End of Ages to have this feeling . It 'll leave you scratching your head and rolling your eyes.The ending is supposed to be dramatic , but the unnatural , jerky movements make it impossible to take seriously . Cyan did the best they could with what they had , but these computer animated characters just ca n't replace live action actors . The CGI Atrus is especially laughable . Speaking of that , you better have a fast computer or the voices will be out of synch , making it even more awkward . At least live action is in synch no matter how fast or slow your system is.Cyan destroyed not only Myst 5 but the whole concept of the D'ni when they made Uru . It destroyed Cyan itself as well . I weep for the loss of an otherwise wonderful series .
 I ca n't believe after buying the Limited Edition which came with the Prima strategy guide I still ca n't get the slate drawings to work . You have to have them absolutely perfect or you 'll spend hours redrawing them . This is the most frustrating game I 've ever played . I finished all the other Myst games in a few days . And enjoyed them mostly . I 've spent 3 days and numerous game guide sites trying to figure out how to draw a symbol in Todelmer good enough to move along . If it was n't for the startegy guide I would have assumed I was on the wrong path . I was able to get the first few slate drawings to work only after multiple tries . Never did see the difference from one that worked and ones that did n't . Any one want to buy this before I throw it the trash ? I would n't even take your money . It 's that bad . Also emailed Help at Ubi and they were absolutely no help . But of course , what did I expect .
 I was so thrilled when I loaded this game and was immediately started off in D'ni on K'veer island . I was finally going to be able to explore the room and building that had first appeared in Myst 1 and was such a teaser back then . I though wow , this game is going to pick right up from where Uru left off , more D'ni exploration , right ? As in , the doors that would n't open , the vast expanse of D'ni seen from balconies and harbors . I might see more of that , right ? Wrong.You get a brief taste of D'ni on K'veer and then comes the rest of the game . As soon as Yeesha shows up , you know right away that something has gone wrong . I mean , what the heck happened to her ?! Admittedly she was weird and all , but she had a spark that made you sort of like her , anyway . Not this bitter faced old hag . After having seen Atrus ' letter at the beginning , coupled with Yeesha as an scary old woman , you begin to feel like maybe you had better get off this train NOW . Take my advice before it gets worse , because it does indeed , get worse.After seeing Yeesha , it was downhill from there . It 's best to stop playing after the Great Shaft and K'veer . That was supposed to be in Uru and does n't even fit in with the rest of the game anyway . After the Shaft leads nowhere and you 've solved two puzzles to get there - you get the idea . The rest of it is slapped together from parts of Uru Live that never saw the light of day . Andnever should have.To clarify , the game is a pastiched mess of leftover parts that were meant to be used in Uru Live , the godlike online gaming experience that was supposed to end world hunger , pain , sadness - perhaps even take away death ! Okay , maybe not that , but this was their God-project that completely wrecked the Myst franchise . Cyan ruined themselves financially with the attempt to make a totally online game and Uru came out all right , but incomplete . The fragments that were leftover became this game . Myst 5 . And I really wanted to likeit . Until they brought in the Bahro and completely ruined the stunning mystery and depth that surrounded the D'ni and the entire Myst universe.Spoiler alert
 The game froze my harddrive ; I reformtted , only to have my PC ffreeze again when I tried the second time . I bought two Cyan games , and ca n't play . What a waste of money !
 As a science-fiction and fantasy worlds lover , I tried a few of the myst games in the past . Though I never really enjoyed any of them , I did make some efforts , solved a few puzzles , trying to find some interest in the game , even wondering if I was in the least normal NOT to enjoy what others apparently found so exciting.I remembered that landscapes and sceneries had always been visually pleasant despite a somewhat stifling quality -LRB- very small worlds -RRB- , and I also recalled that the gameplay used to drive me mad sometimes
 This is by far the LAMEST ending of all times !! Totally anticlimactic , completely lame ... DO N'T BUY THIS PILE OF MUNG !!
 For one thing this game is not even a real Final Fantasy -LRB- The way you can tell if an FF is real or not is if it has a number after the name , i.e. FFX , FFVII , FFVI , etc. . -RRB- another thing is that it is way to childish ! Yeah I know the GCN was made for `` kids '' and all but Square-Enix could 've gave them something better , I guess they just wanted to keep all the good FFs on PS2 , lol . Also the characters look really stupid ! What is with that thing with the long neck ? I know they were `` trying '' to do something original and all but that thing just looked stupid ! The only reason I am giving this game 1 star is because the multiplayer part of the game , that is something I have been wanting to do for years in FFs -LRB- besides wanting to battle party vs. party in Chrono Cross -RRB- .
 Sorry , I 'll stick with my Playstation FF titles . What you may NOT know is that the developer of Crystal Chronicles is the mind behind the , err , `` interesting '' Playstation title `` Unlimited Saga '' as well as FF2 -LRB- which many of the playstation owners abhor -RRB- . Power is great but sometimes you just ca n't judge a book by its cover . Indeed , the preview spots have been impressive -LRB- I saw mine during LOTR
 How long have video games been in existence now ?! Heres a RPG with no chalenge , very few enemy types , mind numbing music , towns with buldings you cant even go into , shops that sell worthless items , equipment your character cant equip , etc.Horrible stuff.Good graphics though!Thats what sells it , how cares about the other stuff , right game designers?Gameplay is basically slash away at enemies/bosses or you can use your endless magic or cure.Its almost like playing a regular game with a code that makes it too easy!Worst RPG I have ever played .
 Not what I expected from the reviews and all the ads . I was hoping for the traditional FF type game , but got a very simple level by level game . I 'm not saying its bad but I did not get anything out of it and have already sold it back for store credit . I would rent first then buy based on what you think .
 ok , so this game itself is fun , but is not for everyone . that is not the key point of this review , however . this did not come with the link cable . the cable is not part of a separate order , it is supposed to be a package deal . this is not the case . if you want the game , order it somewhere else as you will find a better price . same goes for the cable .
 This game seems like it 's a bit of a marketing ploy . Sure , if you and 3 friends have a GBA with adapters , then I guess it 's no big thing . But if everyone invests in a GBA , they might be disappointed by the multiplayer aspects . The game itself is n't all that fun as the plot is rather thin and the gameplay is annoying . I will say that the sound and graphics are all decent , which is to be expected from Square .
 As a man with very little time to spend on video games , I tend to be very picky with my purchases . The Final Fantasy series has been a reliable buy and a constant source of fun since the first one back in 1989 . At first glance , I was stunned by the graphics . There 's no denying that they 're well done . However after about 5 minutes when the shock of that wore off , I started realizing what a weak game this is.The music is bland . This may not matter to some people . But to me , game music sets the mood of the experience , and helps draw you in.There 's barely any story to speak of , at least not that I can tell so far . I have only played the game for about 30 minutes , and that is about all I can stomach.The gameplay is mediocre . Final Fantasy has never really been about that innovative gameplay , however.What it has been about , however , is an entertaining , thoughtful experience . That element is almost completely missing in this superficial , goofy , childish travesty.Basically , the makers put together a nintendofied pseudo-RPG , and slapped the Final Fantasy name on it so that Square loyalists like me would buy it.As I said , my time is valuable and this game does n't inspire me to waste any more time playing it.Do any of you recall FF Mystic Quest ? This game is way worse than that . Save your money and buy a Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen game . Maybe if noone buys this game , SquareEnix will get their collective A ** in gear and start making some quality games again .
 The other day I was bored of playing on the computer and since I am a Final Fantasy fan , I decided to get FF CC for my GBA to do somethign diferent for a while . Guess what . It did n't take long before I actualyl got bored of this game . Graphics are not that great , musics/sounds only so so , and the storyline , the empties of any Final Fantasy game I have seen so far . Multiplayer is nothing so special that you can not actually do with any games for computers . Geez , even freeware games such as Astroseries and Freija are better than FF CC . My opinion ? Look for another Final Fantasy . Most -LRB- if not all -RRB- are better than FF CC .
 Usually when a game comes out I wait and read reviews from other gamers before I buy . But as with most people when it comes to the newest final fantasy game there is no point in waiting cause we all know its gon na be good . Well , not this time . Though I was throw off for the first 30 min . with the new set-up -LRB- which includes a non-traditional style of rpg playing -RRB- i must admit it was interesting and kinda fun . But then it just never went anywhere.There is no real storyline , or sense of purpose for this game . Its also a pain when you ca n't rotate the camera view and you have enemies attacking from the edge of the screen , you have to walk into them to see them . Now granted if I wanted to play multi-player it might be interesting but if I wanted that I would have bought `` gauntlet '' instead.Is this the new way for final fantasy ? If so , sorry I want nothing to do with it.Good have been a good game but like most games its crap . It only got two stars for the graphics . Which I think is where the programers put most of their time into .
 1 . I 'm a FINAL FANTASY fan , probably the biggest in America , not some Gauntlet copy that looks more imaginary .2 . This game sucks .3 . Costs too much .4 . Boring all the way .5 . Story sucks .6 . ALL SYSTEMS -LRB- Like magics and equipment and BATTLE -LSB- GOD !!! -RSB- -RRB- either average or crappy .7 . No real storyline , just that you keep doing the same thing in different dungeons back to back .8 . Multiplayer player mode fun for a while , but it 's not worth 4 GBAs , 4 Gamecube < - > GBA link and this stupid gamedisk -LRB- not to mention the gamecube on which every single new installment to an older series , like Zelda , Mario Kart , Mario Sunshine , etc , all SUCKED including this game .9 . Just do n't buy it . Forget it .10 . Remove that FF title from the game . It 's not one , Kingdom Hearts on Ps2 was more of an FF game than this .11 . If you really want it , RENT IT FIRST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope this was helpful . If you really are rich or just spoiled and you want to waste your money buying all the stuff , I would still say forget this game . Pay all that money for FF11 on PS2 , TRUST ME !!!
 No true FF fan should get this game . Bad graphics and no point of playing this is game because their is no end to it in the bad way .
 This game SUCKS . See , I thought that when Nintendo released FFCC ... that it would be GOOD . WELL GUESS WHAT !!?!?!? IT WASNT ! Yet again , nintendo killed another great series . In this game you collect myrrh -LRB- or however its spelled -RRB- to restore the tree and protect you yadda yadda yada . Sounds good ... NO ! You have to pretty much replay the game OVER AND OVER AGAIN . I replayed it 5 times since once u restore the trees power you have to go out and do it again -LRB- I got up to year 5 -RRB- and i said to myself ... you know what ?!!? **** this game . IT SUCKS !! A LOT ! DO N'T buy this game , DO N'T rent it , if you see it in a store window TURN AWAY AS AFAST AS YOU CAN AND RUN THE OTHER WAY !!!! Nintendo is going downhill . SNES was great it had awsome games ... after N64 came out ... in my opinion ... Nintendo will go the way of the Dreamcast ...
 When I got this game , I was excited . It was the next Final Fantasy , so it was gon na be good . I 've never had a bad experience with ANY FF game . I saw good reviews everywhere , but , the problems started when I entered the first field . It is impossible on Single Player . The spells take alot of time to power up , and in that time , I 'm dead . SO , I have to restart the field , and go through again . And , also the lack of weapon/armor shops REALLY help in the first villiage . You might enjoy this game if youm play multiplayer , but not if it is single player . Do n't even bother to rent it .
 I would n't know if it 's fun since it does n't work and I got screwed on the purchase .
 The game looks beautiful , at least to start . It has a great , authentic soundtrack and an excellent premise . But the gameplay is very awkward.It relies on a technology that I first saw at least six years ago , the clicking of the mouse to advance one picture frame at a time . No sense of realism at all . Sorry guys , but in the age of games like Thief and even Quake , this is just dull.The commands do n't always seem to work . Right at the beginning , I had to try one move at least six or seven times to get it to work -LRB- involving clicking the mouse in the correct area onscreen -RRB- , and I 'm not an inexperienced video game player.Plus , the installation CD is also the first CD to insert to play -LRB- there are four CDs as the game progresses -RRB- , so everytime I insert it to play , it wants to automatically install the game ! I can not figure out how to stop it from doing this , other than to cancel out of everything . There 's no explanation for this in the booklet.So , save your money . It looks good on the surface , but there 's some real problems with it , and the mechanics of it make it feel like a game from the early 90s .
 as a warning -- this is an arxel tribe product . dreamcatcher hides this fact by placing his logo -LRB- a very small logo -RRB- on the bottom of the box , where most people never look . if you like games by him , enjoy . the vast majority of people who i 've talked to do n't like his games and wo n't buy them . usually , you can spot the designer logo on the front of a box . the fact that they put it on the bottom indicates that maybe publisher is trying to hide it ?????
 I bought this game 2 days before its release.That by itself should have rung a bell , but I had n't researched it . I simply bought it for its cover . Yeah , it has a great cover . Futuristic racing , a shooter , even multiplayer.One problem it does n't work.I have a great pc system all my games work . I looked at the min . system requirements and I had all of them . Ok . So I install it , ... Then I get to the game and it wants me to enter my name so I type it and nothing comes up . I press enter then type it , nada . I try everthing , nothing . So I get online and try the patch , ziltch . I e-mail dreamcatcher and they run me through the whole turn off everthing and then try it . So I try it , still , you guessed it , nothing.Maybe I got a defective game , but I returned it to the gaming store I got it from and I asked the salesman to look into it , ... so , you decide .
 I bought this game for 19.99 , so I 'm not so unhappy about the game as I might be . I loaded this game up on my laptop , which is far above the requirements for the game -LRB- 1.6 GHz , 512 MB RAM -RRB- . Independent of the graphical settings and with all the latest drivers and patches , the game crashes to desktop every 15-30 minutes without fail . I have yet to exit the game normally . Anything else about the game is unimportant if it does n't work.The part of the game that I did slog through by using the quicksave repeatedly was well done , but nothing new . The first few quests were interesting , but once I began delving into the catacombs it became monotonous in the extreme . Level after level of killing the same creatures with the one offensive magic spell I had and a knife -LRB- which was better than any of the axes , swords , or staves I found -RRB- . Summoning magic does n't appear helpful as whatever you summon will simply wonder off into the distance and do nothing.In conclusion , if you can get it to work reliably , you will find nothing new from Diablo II .
 Divine Divinity is yet another example of a fun and solid gaming system spoiled by yet more juvenille , cliche fantasy . The plot , characters , dialogues , etc , are all very embarrassing , as are most of the voiceovers . It 's a shame too , because I really wanted to like this game , and did for a couple of days . After that , the afforementioned problems become so bad you ca n't ignore them , unless you 're the sort that likes goofy lightweight fantasy filled with every bad adolescent cliche , cornball elves , absurd dialogue , lame jokes , stupid quests , and hackneyed `` save the world from the big evil bad guy '' plots that were getting old 15 or 20 years ago . I think the visuals are beautiful but the characters and setting are just too stupid to swallow for someone who likes more mature fantasy . Say what you want about a game like Diablo II -- at least it had a lot of art , style , awesome voiceovers , and writing that was much more sophisticated than the usual kiddie crap found in most fantasy games.All in all , Divine Divinity is yet another example of why programmers should stick to game engines and why good writers need to be hired to resurrect these dismal fantasy RPGs .
 This game is horrible , I played this for about 3 hours and was extermily bored . If you want to get a good game look at Diablo or Icewind Dale 2 , they 're alot better .
 All I get are CRC errors when I try to install on my laptop , a HP I purchased last year . The drivers are updated and I have DirectX 9 installed , so there should n't be any problems . I tried contacting tech support several days ago , but they still have n't gotten back to me . I really want my money back but I know that 's not going to happen . Just avoid this game if you have a HP laptop , because it will probably not work .
 I do agree that Sudden Strike and Sudden Strike Forever are very hard games . But I do like them both . Once you got a hold of the game , it 's fun . However , Sudden Strike 2 is a mess.Well , first of all , the sound effect is not as good as Sudden Strike or Sudden Strike Forever . It sounds strange , not nearly a sound of battle.They did change the level of diffulty from almost impossible to manageable , but players now have to worry about other tedious details . For example , a new control enable the player to move the tanks and the infantry at the same speed and there by eliminate the frustrating situation where the tanks out-run the infantry and get killed . However , say the player 's tanks shoot and kill the enemy tanks , they are burning up into flames and the palyer 's infantry just go bindly into those flames and get themselves killed.Loading troops into boats and airplanes is frustrating , so is unload . The troops just wo n't get into the boats or the airplanes unless either the boats or the airplanes being oriented in the ` right ' directions which depend on the terrains.Great care must be taken before ordering an airplane to take off , for it will plow into a group of infantry and kill all those who are in its way . The number can be of hundreds . The airplanes are said to be controllable by players . That 's not true . It 's possible to set the waypoints that the airplanes should take , which adds tedious works.Also players now have to manage all vehicle crew including not letting them got killed and assign them to vehicles , including heavy armored tanks , whose crews have been killed by enemy 's rifle men ... many other bad thingsAnyway , if you are someone like me who only have a couple of hours to play a week , you are not gon na enjoy it .
 When I recently bought sudden strike 2 I was a little disapointed . In comparison to some games such as Talonsofts west front , the player does not seem to have much control over the battle . I also thought that the units were rather small and hard to see . The Editors also seem complicated and hard to understand . However the game does have good graphics and effects . If you are a real WW2 buff you might enjoy it .
 WWII strategy games are my favorite thing , but this one left me unsatisfied . The game model has sacrificed a lot of historical accuaracy - not surprising in a RTS game . If this translated into a fun , playable game it would be an acceptable trade-off , but I find the playability to be rather poor . My least favorite aspect is that all in-game tactics revolve around LOS -LRB- line of sight -RRB- to potential targets . But the LOS model is ludicrous suffering from a very Borg-like situation where if one of your units can see a target then magically all of your units can see the target . A reluctant negative review from me .
 When I usually buy games I look at the package and when I see reviews on it that give the game praise it usually helps . This box has two good reviews , but this game is just terrible . It involves no strategy whatsoever . You just gather your group of `` ants '' together and make the walk to an area , if they see the enemy first , they 'll kill them , but if not , your guys die . You ca n't set up flanks or any kind of strategy . Avoid this game and stick with the Close Combat trilogy .
 I warn you . If you get addicted easily do not buy this game . I played for over a year and I was never happy with the game but I kept playing ? Why you ask ? well you work so hard to get better , but once you get better you feel like you 've accomplished nothing , so you keep working hard to get better but you keep getting no where . This game is terribly addicting , you 'll find yourself playing for hours and hours every day . You 'll probly get on right when you get off of work and wont get off unless you absolutely have to , its that bad . I 've heard of people killing themselves because they somehow lose all their equipment . They even have addiction groups to join -LRB- think AA but for EQ -RRB- to try and stop playing . How sad is that ? I knew this game was consuming my life so I deleted my Characters , my account and I havent ever played since . Save yourself the trouble , enjor your life -LRB- your own , not your characters -RRB- and dont get this game .
 Beautiful graphics -LRB- but if you have tech issues - forget it ! -LRB- Sony loves to play the ` it 's someone else 's fault ' game -RRB- , some interesting features - but its the players that make this truly bad ... Imagine a world of wizards and warriors all played by pushy , obnoxious 11 years olds , and you get a taste of EQ -LRB- or Ever Crack as some call it -RRB- . Odd thing ... Found the game very frustrating.Staring at a wall might be a better use of time ...
 I bought this game 1 month ago because I got sick of Diablo II . Finding out it has the same faults as Diablo . The makers are changing things constantly -LRB- usually for the worse -RRB- & the value per time played is just too low . These makers need to realize there is a line in escapist fun between realism & ultra-realism . If a game is `` too realistic '' , i.e. dying really screws you up -LRB- EQ -RRB- , uber-equipment is next to impossible to find even after playing for 2 years -LRB- DII -RRB- , then where is the `` escape '' element ? People play these games because the time & effort to receive pleasure from the work involved is so low compared to trw . After playing for 1 month I realize the fun received has not been worth the effort . 40 + hours of camping & corpse recovery = level 8 druid wood elf . And reading the other reviews here I see it is only going to get worse . I just got Age of Empires the Conquerers & I am playing awesome entire camaigns in less time it takes in EQ to make 1 level . And I find the company 's treatment of customer feedback just plain offensive . Well I have just ordered Silent Hunter II & my vibes are its going to have a high play value also so I am canceling my EQ account . Companies that rebuke their customers should be boycotted . I only hope these companies learn their lesson for Star Wars Galaxies and World of Warcraft . I and a lot of people will not be playing these MMORPGs anymore until these shortcomings are addressed .
 The idea of the size of the game is very cool . The Gameplay is ok , but Verant stopped there . The user interface is not very well put together , not user friendly . The ability to navigate around the interface is somewhat difficult and I have played a lot of RPG 's . It is your call , but I would save my money .
 It 's amazing me to find a lot of 5 or 4 star reviews , it makes me wonder if people enjoy being pushed around . Though it is also interesting to note that Everquest gets more 1 and 2 star reviews on a consistent basis than almost any other game.Simply put , the game designers had them making money in mind when making this game , not your fun in mind . It seems everything set in place is there to keep you from reaching your goal , and thus , spending more time with the game than should be legally allowed . To top it off , the game developers have put in some ridiculous rules in place so the ` gms ' -LRB- aka , ops -RRB- could harass you . So you pretty much are paying 40 bucks , then 10 bucks a month , so that the game can bully you . What Fun!This game is fun to about level 10 , then forget about it , and ask anyone , the higher the level , the better it do n't get . You basically keep playing because you assume things will get better , but they never do . Plus the emphasis on socializing with the other players means the game makes sure you CA N'T go further in the game without ` grouping ' . The game , in short , takes great thrill in annoying you , rather than having a fun game , where you can level up and gain weapons quickly -LRB- ala Phantasy Star Online -RRB- that keeps you coming back because it 's FUN , you instead come back because you have this sick desire to spend a few weeks to go up ONE LEVEL , so that you can start the mundane process all over again . And I would still be playing PSO if not for the unfortunate loss of my key code . So please please please game developers , do n't do as Everquest do ! Do n't make rpgs the realm of monotany !! We 'll keep coming back if you focus on making a game fun ! HONEST ! : -LRB-
 I bought this game because my friends recommended it to me ... I wish they had n't . You have to pay 10 bucks a month for something that is just not worth it . I 'd enjoy it more if maybe they 'd have put in a 1 player off-line version , but I still would have given this review 1 star . The gameplay is bad , and it 's always the same old thing -- hit the monster with a stick , and keep moving . The worlds are vast , but with no challenge at all . No challenges , no mazes , the lands were slapped together all in about two minutes for each area/zone . The monsters are too simple to beat , the quests are easy , and there 's no end to this game . For you parents out there , this game absorbs your children 's lives . Basically , their grades in school will drop , they will never do what they 're told , and if there are online restrictions in your house , they will play as much as possible behind your backs . One of my friends even waits until his parents to fall asleep to sneak downstairs and play Everquest . The game makers made a big mistake in making this game , and they should 've quit while they were ahead.The bottom line is
 Buying this was the worst mistake I ever made in my entire life . If you think this is fun , think again.I was at level 20 for over two weeks , and when I did level up , I was hardly any stronger than I was before ...
 READ THIS REVIEW IT IS VERY HELPFULMy friend got this game and he was saying stuff `` you got ta get it , its so cool '' I was so exited to get EQ trilogy . Finally I saved up enough money to pay for it for a few months . By the way thats a badthing , you have to pay $ 13 a monthly fee to play . Finally I started to play it and that weeks I played it every day . day 1 , awesome . . day 2 , awesome . . day 3 , awesome , day 4 5 and 6 , awesome ... day 7 , SUCKED ! after a few days of playing it , not only it gets old , but you learn your way around the game and figure out that its really dissapointing . The graphics are pretty good . but thats about the only good part . its impossible to gain levels , it takes so long . After 5 days of gameplay , 3 hours each of nothing but fighting , training , fighting , training I was level 4 . I didnt take one break , not a lunch break , NOTHING . Thats how hard it is . I didnt die once either . It is hard to find your way around . the 7th day before I got rid of it , it took me an hour to find the magic shop where you buy new spells to use . it is hard to use some spells , like hide . it never works . not many people are friendly . I only joined a group 1 time and that was with a friend my friend who I knew in real life . Even in the daytime , it seems kind of like it is still dark . It just barely lightens up . It is still about the same . You need a torch which doesnt help much . you can turn up your gamma and it will be easy to see but it will be like that the whole time even at night so it takes away the fun . It takes forever to get enough money to buy stuff unless you do a trade skill which is hard . It is nothing like the commercials , they say you go on challenging quests , fight dragons and other monsters , go on an adventure of a lifetime ! YOUR KIDDING RIGHT ? For crying out loud You have to stay in the same town until you are like level 20 which takes about a year , if youll leave in half a minute some monster will kill you . I can go on and on but I am getting tired.SO ... DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS HORRIBLE !!!!! WAIST OF MONEY !!!!!!! WAIST OF TIME !!!!!!
 Some people are worried that the computer game EverQuest is more than a hobby . Instead , it 's being described as an addiction . One counsellor has even nicknamed the game `` EverCrack . `` There are more than 400,000 EverQuest players in North America , and twenty-five to thirty hours a week of playing appears common . A recent study of 2,000 EverQuest players shows 45 percent of them admit to being addicted.In Hudson , Wisconsin , Liz Woolley has already seen the down side of EverQuest . She says her 21-year-old son Shawn became addicted to the game . He was diagnosed with depression and eventually killed himself with EverQuest still flickering on his screen . Woolley says the maker of EverQuest , Sony On-Line , has made a game so powerful , it 's addictive , and she wants Sony to put warning labels on the game.To learn more about this story , tune in to Marketplace Tuesday , October 15th at 8:30 pm -LRB- 9:00 Nfld . and Labrador -RRB- on CBC ` smain network .
 This game is really annoying and can remind you of not the cool fantasy with adventure , but the little pink fairy magic that you see in the forest . Gosh , why do people like this game so much?Im not even giving a review , because If you get it , youll cancel the subscription the next month like I did . Look at screenshots and itll tell you.The pictures lie , its a trick , dont listen to them ! If you want adventure like that , youll have to be playing till your an old man . Get Final fantasy XI , or Dark age of camelot or something .
 Compared to other games in the genre , Everquest graphics and graphical user interface -LRB- GUI -RRB- are outstanding . The texture of the landscape , characters and city scapes add to the sense of grandness and realism that one would like to see in an interactive role-playing game.Why , then , a rating of 2 stars ? Well , first off , their customer service ... As a business owner , one of the first lessons a person learns is that the business succeeds or fails one customer at a time . Verant -LRB- and/or Sony -RRB- seems to fail to realize this when training their customer service representatives . Unresponsive is the best way to describe their in-game and out-of-game customer service ; and slow , one must not forget that descriptor.Secondly , game play design is horrible . One can spend literal months developing a character to find out that the class which one picked is totally unessential in the higher end game . Not only unessential , but can not advance due to gaming restrictions , making the time investment not worth the effort . Had this information been made available before hand , people could make proper choices based upon what they wanted to accomplish in the game ... which , for most people , is to eventually be the best they can be . Another component of this is the fact that game design makes for LONG wait periods . Waiting for corpse retrievals -LRB- this writer has experienced 6 hour + corpse retrievals after death in-game -RRB- , waiting for transportation around the huge continent and waiting -LRB- and never finding -RRB- groups with which to join which , in turn , is to relieve the boredom of running around solo . It 's the waiting that kills people 's interest in the game , and quickly.Good customer service can easily overcome several design flaws ; good game design can overcome poor customer service . However , a combination of deplorable customer service and horrendous game design makes for a very frustrating -LRB- if somewhat addictive -RRB- experience.If you buy this game , do so with the understanding that you may advance to only a certain level and become extremely frustrated during and after that process . It can be a fun game , if one enters this world understanding the limitations put upon certain aspects of the game .
 EverquestPros : Great graphicsLarge game worldIntensive amount of detail to be learnedcons : Large time sink doing the same thing over and overLarge time spend in non-productive activities -LRB- waiting for stuff , like boats , monsters , etc. -RRB- . ummm ... alot of detail to be learned . A lot . You have to read a website to find out what spells do/maps/quests / monsters etc -- or be prepared for an even larger time sink and many more deaths . On reason i did n't switch to Da0C was I already was familar with EQ 's world and did n't wan na blow all this information away and start over.At its best , everquest can be a challenging game that can while away eight hours easily . At its worst , its a terribly frustrating game with horrific customer service designed by a team that does n't appear to play the game.Unlike some games like Diablo where your character is more powerful than the monsters , in Everquest , your character is at a big disadvantage compared to monsters . Monsters can chain cast , cast while being hit , be resistant to spells , and just generally be able to beat you into a pulp -LRB- at least at times -RRB- . This is because Verant wants players to group , but the problem lies it can take a long period of time to find a group of players . With so many zone regions now in EQ , most zones may only have a handful of players and if you 're not one of Verant 's priviledged classes , your class may not be wanted even if there 's an opening in a group . To make matters worse , even as tough as it is for players , Verant will `` nerf '' classes -LRB- like monks -RRB- that destroy their grouping ability and make them less desirable for groups -- although Verant received criticism and tons of email from monks about this , they arrogantly stick to wrong decisions for several years before attempting any fixes . Do n't waste your time with Everquest . Wait for Everquest two or maybe Star Wars Galaxies . Or even better a game designed and supported by another company .
 Verant Interactive has worked for quite some time to fix problems in the game . They have been largely unsuccessful . That 's not to say that the original content and ideas were bad . On the contrary , in the beginning it was groundbreaking . But , sadly it went all downhill from there.This downward trend has been fostered by many things . Pathetic , unresponsive , and difficult customer service for one . They rarely listen to the players , and as a result that are STILL attempting to balance the classes more than two years after the release . It was just recently announced that they would be adding triple attack to the Rangers , and rebalancing all the melee classes . They continue to struggle with modifications to casters of all types , while the casters grow more and more frustrated with a system that leans toward the melees , giving the melees more and more power as the casters -LRB- excluding clerics -RRB- are less and less effective thanks to extremely high resistance rates and in some cases unbelievable hit points.Below 45 to 50th level , the game can be enjoyable . But not always . At times it may take you more than 2 hours JUST TO RETRIEVE YOUR CORPSE after a bad death . Post 50 , the game is a farce . Only the `` Holy Trinity '' of Warrior , Cleric , and Enchanter are neccesary post 50 . The only other class that can add much in the post 50 game are theives , because of the number of `` locked doors '' requiring Pick locks skill and the backstab multiplier . So you could spent hundreds of hours getting a class up past 50 , only to find you have very little to do unless you are able to mobilize LARGE groups of people -LRB- 30 to 50 or more -RRB- to accomplish the really high end encounters . Organizing that many people is a full time job in itself . This game can quickly turn into something that feels like a JOB versus a game to have fun in . DO N'T BUY IT ! There are better games coming .
 if you buy this game used be sur eyou find out if the CD key can be used . When I tried to play the game it told me the cd key was in use , no other options available . watch out .
 Make no mistake , EverQuest IS EverCrack . Friends of mine have been so addicted that they 've been sent cross-country to residential treatment facilities . But there is one problem that most people do n't see , just like drugs , until they 're addicted
 I Have played Everquest since a few months after release . In the beginning it was fun , it was a new world to explore . After 40 levels or so you finally learn that is just turns into either a constant hassle looking for xp or You end up fighting with someone over the Rare loot in the game . Then you decide to turn to Trade skills . Another nice concept if you have alot of spare cash sitting around and do n't want to ever make a profit from it unless you are of a few special classes Shaman and Enchanter come to mind . If you ever want to be able to do anything fun in this game get used to getting almost no sleep and having no life.The first 20 levels are fun but after that it becomes a job that you pay to work at = -RRB-
 Yeah , this game is fun . Sure its fun when you start out . You think its a whole new world ahead of you ... but its not . I cancelled the subscription to this game after about a month . You can have up to 8 characters , and they can be any class and race you wish . There are ogres , humans , elves , etc. . And their classes are things like wizards , warriors , rogues , and that . It will really remind you of mythology because of their spells and stuff.Its what people always do , they train and gain a few levels and get some cash from their enemy . Then they go buy some new weapons/armour/potions . They train till a certain level so they know they will be good enough to go out far through the everquest world . Sure , they are strong enough but they expected more . Tons of cool abilities and/or spells and items that makes it look cool like you see on trailers . But they dont get it . They train and train and accomplish nothing just like some other people are saying . Thats why I got rid of it.If you want a good fun , action/adventure online RPG that is way more fun , then I 'd suggest / / Dark Age of Camelot \ \ I have that game and it is what I expected . Its what I call * fun * . _ .
 As the newest expansion pack came out , SOL -LRB- shadows of lucin or Sh!t outa luck -RRB- , Verant inc forgot 1 thing . They forgot to put it through QA . If you have an `` older '' computer ... forget EQ . Not only do the people who spent hundreds of dollars upgrading their computers to play EverQuest , but also the people with high end machines are all having much difficulties logging into the game . And if you are lucky enough to enter `` Their World '' after a 10 + hour patch which seems to happen on a daily basis , most likely you will lock up within 30 mins into the game.If you survive all that a new set of problems occur . Frame rate issues are at the top of the list and lag issues come in a close 2nd . Most of the new spells in game do not work . The graphics and textures are bugged . To zone from place to place takes 5 or more mins . To log out of the game takes about 15 mins or you can reset your machine . Simply put , you need a computer that can handle world war 3 to play EQ without any problems.Verant inc is trying a new product stratagy . They make YOU pay to beta test the game . Cool huh?If you dont believe me then goto their own public tech support message boards . -LRB- ... -RRB- Sad sad game . I do not recommend you getting stucked into their world ... If you still end up buying the game , good luck . May the EQ gods grant you the power to never need Customer Service . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Played it for about 3 months , made it to lvl 31 , had a monk , pally , wizard . -LRB- I tried SO HARD to get any sort of `` fun '' -RRB- Game is horribly BORING AND A WASTE OF TIME.All you do is slap on the auto attack an sit an watch with nothing else to do , or sit in 10 minute intervals staring at the screen refilling mana ... not very exciting ... Ever played RPGs ? thats what Everquest is , but everything made so ridiculously longer from getting the next `` better weapon '' to the next `` level '' . Any RPG fan that played Final Fantasy or any GOOD RPG knows that Everquest is such a waste of time with absolutly no fun or any sort of action . What a piece of trash , buying it with the additional 10 $ a month is NOT WORTH IT . -LRB- I wouldnt even play it for free -RRB-
 I have played this game for a period of time , and my review of this package is not good . Actually , it is down right awful . When the package was first released it had promise . Please note , I said ` had ' . Playing solo in the world is not possible without hooks , crooks , gouges , and the like . The premiss of the game is to kill , PERIOD !! You can do anything really interesting without killing . Meaning , if you want to make a character that is an armorsmith , you would have to go out into the world and kill untill to made enough exp to level and then take enough time and spend enough Gold pieces to make an item that is for a character 5-15 levels below you , THEN the item can be sold back to a vendor at a 10 % -50 % loss -LRB- What a plus ! -RRB- . Not only that , but the best items in the game ca n't be made , they are found on the bodies of the huge creatures I mentioned earlier.Verant 's idea with this game is to keep you online as long as possible . Long medding times , ubber creatures that ca n't be killed by small groups , lack of a real economy , broken quests , ect. , ect. , ect . In some places the world itself is broken -LRB- I actually ended in a room with a cat 's face on all the walls * this was not a part of the player world * -RRB- . If you like MMORPG 's , STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE !!! Look at Dark Ages of Camelot.If short , this WAS a good game that went HORRIBLY WRONG !!! Thanks Verant !!! Next time just give us a paper cut , and pour Gasoline in it ... then light it .
 yes this game can be fun , but it is VERY addictive , i am a player of a year and a half , and am finally quitting . As far as the actual game goes , it seems very high-level focused , making it hard to start out . As well , combat can seem very redundant after a while .
 I bought Everquest under the delusion that I would be connected to a wonderful world . Well it was real looking and some of the people were really nice , but ... THERE IS NOTHING TO DO . You spend all of your time running around killing bats , and pumas . If you even manage to get to level 13 , you have to wait till level 25 to do a quest . Anyone who knows anything will tell you that takes a long time . I have a pretty good attention span but even I ca n't take just killing creatures for months . I needed a plot or a goal . I wanted quests for God 's sake , quests . Anyway , I do not recomend this game . May God have mercy on those who are stuck with this game .
 I have been playing these types of games for about two years now . It started with Everquest . Everquest was slow moving , boring but soooooooo addictive ... Now I 'm playing Lineage . It takes everything Everquest did makes it 100x better and also throws in some great new ideas . Lineage has this thing called bloodpledges which are groups of warriors led by a prince or princess . These bloodpledges are always trying to capture castles that other bloodpledges control and its a great thing to do after you get to a high level unlike in Everquest when you stand around waiting for teh next expansion pack when you get to a high enough level.Speaking of expansion packs Lineage releases a new episode every month -LRB- its now on epiode 9 -RRB- and a new continent 4 times a year . It 's like getting 4 free expansion packs a year !!! And trust me these continents are HUGE ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I order this produt over a month ago and I still am waiting on it and I am very disapointed it the service at amazon.com What I would sugest is that you find an item on amazon and the go to the site of the company yourself and order it without the middle man
 I fear this product is highly misleading.Most Action Replay devices actually give you the ability to manipulate in-game conditions ; offering unusual circumstances like infinite life , massive experience point rewards after battle , lots of money , item upgrades , etc. . In such cases you can choose to start a game anew with the data manipulation or actually use the device to alter an already-existing game.Not So With the PSP Action Replay!This device is basically an overpriced way of putting someone else 's data onto your PSP . With it , you can take `` game saves '' from Datel 's website or directly from other players and upload them to your PSP 's memory card , basically putting onto your PSP the ability to play someone else 's game . In most cases , these game saves are already at the end of the game . Now it can be somewhat interesting to play through a game ignoring some of the more cumbersome mechanics of the game , but what is the point of taking someone else 's data and skipping the game entirely?In addition , there are multiple OTHER ways of acquiring game saves and putting them onto your PSP , for cheaper and with better manipuation possibilities . I recommendPSP Media Manager . With this software , you can go to various websites and download game saves and upload them to your PSP , but it also has video/photo/music etc. support as well . It 's cheaper , does pretty much the same thing and has more options to offer.I love my AR Max items for my other systems , but in this case , this AR Max missed the mark .
 The people at datel have been very mixed with the uses of the action Replay for each of their systems . They 've had ones with great codes like the Gamecube and Playstation 2 , and there are ones that have n't delivered with the promise of great games . That can definitely be declared as a dissapointment with the PSP edition . This one you can go to the codejunkies.com website , and download saves that make it too easy to beat the game , rather than codes that just enhance and deliver the excitement on the game . That is the sad part . Other than it doubling as a memory card , it does n't actually work as something that makes it fun to play games like Daxter , or Lumines . Although I would normally suggest this as a must buy , this one does n't hit the mark at all.Price
 upon receiving this item i was n't impressed at all ... . it 's nothing more than a memory management program , and not your typical cheat device like the other AR Replay items are . I am disappointed in this product . I would n't suggest this if you are looking for a cheat device for your games .
 This problem happened before with the Xbox , and now it has moved to the PSP . `` Power '' saves are nothing more than just the game already beat for you.Codes involved with the Cube , DS , and PS2 Action Replays were able to alter a wide variety of game parameters to your advantage while still allowing you to experience the game.Power saves allow you to skip playing the game altogether because someone already played it for you.To Datels defense , some of their `` Power '' saves do in fact give you advantages such as tons of money and 0 % completion . The package claims `` thousands '' of these saves are avaliable . Upon installing the software and checking for official Datel saves , I found only around 100 , and possibly 500 more user -LRB- played it for you -RRB- saves.To top it off I emailed customer support at Datel about the lack of codes and received no response .
 If you got this product when PSP first came around then this would actually be a worthwhile cheat device . While I was able to cheat one game in the past , I updated my PSP and the AR Max no longer worked . In fact the instructions on getting it to work did nothing . I tried contacting the site about this problem but recieved no reply . There are far better things you can use than this paper weight .
 I bought this several months ago , and upgraded my firmware to 6.30 the same day . Well , the Action Replay for PSP does n't work with the new update so it 's useless . I 've been checking the action replay site for PSP to see if it 's compatible with it yet and still nothing . I sent them an e-mail requesting my money back and still have n't heard anything back , other than `` we are working on it '' . Do n't waste your time or money on something the company seems to have given up on .
 i was looking forward to getting this action replay i have had some in the past for older systems and they all worked great then i came to this one and thought ok lets give this a try and i am completely disappoint with the out come of it all i can really say is do n't waste your money
 First of all you 'll need a video card that supports pixel shader 2.0 or higher or you wo n't see many of the eye popping graphics featured in the screenshots , such as water , weather , your `` good '' alignment effects , sun and moon , ants , the list goes on.That being said , thats all this game really is - eye candy.It only resembles the 1st game on the surface . Once you get into it you find out that its been `` dumbed '' down - ALOT.The first map will have a tutorial on how to move your mouse left . Then it will teach you how to move your mouse right . Then Up . Then down . And thats just getting started on moving the mouse . You 'll spend parts of the following 2 maps on tutorials as well that you ca n't bypass.As for gameplay , the creature has lost all personality . Its now more robotic in nature as your training involves petting -LRB- or slapping -RRB- it to move a slider bar which determines to what degree it will or wont do something . Its basically `` set it and forget it '' You can not teach it miracles anymore . You simply purchase them . You can not control it in fights with other creatures like the first game . They duke it out on their own while you just watch.The entire belief system is gone and your influence ring is now determined by your most outer edge buildings.You either spend all your time building cities to impress nearby towns to join you or building an army to take them over by force.Neither method is challenging and gets boring very quickly . There are only 3 unit types for armies and they are limited to move , attack , defend , get on walls , and disband . There was some strategy in the first game but you wont find it here . The enemy AI is horrible . It simply sends out wave after wave of platoons to your city walls whether it had the resources for them or not . It will also ignore you when you attack their towns unless you get close enough to the actual platoon itself . The enemy will also constantly taunt you endlessly . Many of the features that were promised did n't make it into the game and there is no multiplayer . I waited for this game for 4 years and its a huge disappointment and a step backwards . Unless you enjoy a game for its graphical presentation well over its gameplay , length , and replay value , save your money and avoid this title .
 Alright , I never played the first Black and White , though I hear it was amazing . I never finished this one , though I did get to the 4th island , I lost interest after that.it gets repetative , and does n't stray much from your typical RTS . I found my creature rather annoying , until I figuered out he can really only do one thing very well . if you train him to be a gatherer , and only that , and train him to eat and sleep and such , he will do it and take care of himself , however if you also tell him to entertain the people and fight , well at least in my case , he over worked himself and was constantly exhausted until I would force him to sleep.It was fun for a while but island after island had very little new content . I found unlocking things to be quite difficult . If you like RTS 's ALOT , perhaps are a big fan of the Civilazation series or the Age of Titans game , then you might enjoy this , but I dont recomend it otherwise . it was alright while it lasted , but it just took too long to get anywhere exciting , if it goes anywhere exciting at all.The graphics are pretty unimpressive for a game of is stature , it took so long for them to release this , you would think it would be stunning . the new Age of Empires is beautiful , this leaves alot to be desired , some of the graphics are down right pixilated and pointy where they should n't be at all . The game looks older then it is , it 's disapointing.Ofcourse you can decide whether to be benevolent or evil , I went with being good , it was easy to win if I just concentrated on building a very good city . I tried being more evil on another character , I also found that pretty easy . Its a huge time sucker.the impressive thing about it is how many people there are on the screen . there are alot of people on the screen at one time allowing for huge battles , but , that did n't really make up for the other short comings for me , personally . It could have been much better I feel .
 This game has the potential to be fun . Unlike others who say this is `` dumbed down '' from the first one , I thought the the original B&W ; spent too much time forcing the player to set up cities and play the game with limited resources . This does correct some of the imbalance and allows for a more direct way to conquer other cities -LRB- namely , armies -RRB- . The problem is this sequel was designed like an after-thought . It , quite simply , does n't work . My specs exceed what is needed - however , the game -LRB- and this is from forums dedicated to it -RRB- was not designed to be compatible with Windows XP , let alone Windows XP 64 Pro -LRB- which is what I run -RRB- . The result is that every time the game gets interested it crashes . Not to a blue screen , not directly to windows , but instead freezes , takes forever to get to the Windows Error screen , and then forces you to restart and go through the entire intro again.So , no matter how much fun and pretty the game may look , it 's unplayable .
 nothing more really needs to be said.I 'm running a 3GHz P4 ; 256Mb ATI Radeon 9000 series PCI express video card and 2Gb of RAM and the game still hangs , lags and locks up on my computer . I tried uninstalling & reinstalling-same effect.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
 This game did n't really impress me . It could have been a lot better if the designers would have the patience . The graphics are good , but the gameplay is no fun . If you want a strategy game , do n't buy this .
 I recently purchased this game for my new computer . What a let down ! I played the first Black and White and really enjoyed it . I spent most of my time zooming in and out , tilting the view , and trying to select people/items involved in the game play . The tutorial part of the game is WAY too long , and the conscience characters are extremely obnoxious . You are not able to interact with the character nearly as much as I would have liked too . The game also runs very slowely , and I had serious problems with the graphics -LRB- during movies , especially -RRB- . I would recommend sticking to the original version .
 I bought this game about 2 weeks ago . I 've tried everything I could to just install this game and ... . failed miserably ... : -LRB- I looked up the help manual they provided with the game box and also went to EA website and Lionhead website to try to fix this problem , but they did n't even have this problem on their support website . I tried to download video , sound , CD-ROM , and motherboard drivers and checked all my hard drives which took almost 4 days !! : -LRB- and ~ ~ closed all my background programs ... . But !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Still having problem ... My system is celeron 2.93 G with Asus motherboard + 768 ram + windows XP service pack 2 + Geforce FX 5500 256 mb + sound blaster live 5.1 + 350 W powerWhat pisses me off is I just upgraded my system to play this XXXX game ... : -LRB- This is what I have when I try to install.Installation failedBlack and white 2 has failed to install . Your system has not been modified . Please re-run the installer to try again.Error
 Very disappointing ! I bought the first Black and White for $ 50.00 . There was no way for me to know that it was not compatible with Windows XP . I was so ecstatic to find the new Black & White 2 on sale . I popped it in and started with a sense of wonder . It was frustrating and took some time to get used to the controls , but I got past that after reviewing the tutorial . As I progress into the game I have become more disillusioned . It seems that the `` evil devil '' guy talks a lot more than the `` guru monk good guy '' . Often the little stupid guru guy just kinda shrugs , while the devil guy tells you all kinds of things about warfare and exploration . Because I came into this with no experience , I thought it would be an equal thing between them . Obviously the little devil guy has most of the understanding , and so you end up doing his will . I really wanted to build a beautiful city of peaceful people , but so far , no matter how hard I try to be good , little messages show up saying `` evil '' when I do something . What a disappointment . I would not recommend this game to anyone who has children . The intent seems to be that no matter what you do , you are inertly evil . When children continually get that message , they will start to think of themselves as evil , and then fulfill that . Very BAD , single minded guys who created this bullsh_t . Also , even when you are working as hard as you can , you will get messages that the people are very unhappy . Very soon everything goes downhill . If you really want to make this work out for good , you have to continually save the game before you are damned to be evil . If you want a game that will easily make you an `` EVIL GOD '' , you have the right one !
 At First is cool to play with it but then it get anoying because yout people are always hungry and then they will say that you are a bad god i just dont like it
 The two stars are for the game itself . Such an amazing game and really set the bar for `` god gaming '' . But the copy I received -LRB- even after paying the extra money to buy it from an `` Amazon Approved '' source -RRB- was of DISMAL quality . So many scratches on the game I 'm surprised it works , though luckily I 've not had any problems yet , and the game case was practically shattered . None of the disks stay put in the case they just slide around , which contributes to more scratching .
 Check the system requirements before you buy this game . -LRB- What ever happend to listing them on the page where the game is sold ? -RRB- B&W 2 ; does not run on my Dell , which is only three years old . I have XP , a P4 2.0 GHz , and a 64 MB GeForce video card -LRB- but the card does not support pixel shading ! -RRB- EA says the minimum system configuration for installing and running the game are : `` Windows XP or 2000 operating systems .1.6 GHz or faster processor .512 MB or more RAM .3.5 GB or more free hard disk space.Supported DirectX 8 or higher based 64 MB video card which supports pixel shading.Supported Video Card Chipsets -LRB- these cards are tested to work with the game under normal setup with the most recent manufacturer drivers -RRB- : ATI Radeon 8500 , 9100 , 9200 , 9250 , 9500 , 9550 , 9600 , 9700 , 9800 , X300 , X600 , X700 , X800 , and X850.NVIDIA GeForce 6200 , 6600 , 6800 , FX 5200 , FX 5500 , FX 5600 , FX 5700 , FX 5800 , FX 5900 , FX 5950 , PCX 5900 , Ti 4200 , Ti 4600 , and Ti 4800 . `` You will have to spend some time finding the requirements on the EA website . -LRB- Why make it easy for consumers to know what they are buying ? They might not buy something that wo n't work ! -RRB-
 The overall impression is that of a game made on the rush.Assuming the `` good '' alignment , you win simply by building expensive buildings at the edge of your influence zone and burning the enemy 's platoons sent by a very unintelligent AI . Since winning requires no strategy , the game is n't challenging ; you can do basically the same on all levels.The races against which one fights are pretty much the same except for their `` skins '' and the building 's aspect . Defeating them all takes you at most 8 hours of gameplay.Unlike the previous version of B&W ; , there are no custom campaigns nor multiplayer features . Cinematics and creature apart , it looks like a very primitive first version of `` Age of Empires '' .
 I never could get this game to run reliably on any of the computers I own . Not on the one I had when it came out , a 1.3 ghz Pentium and a geforce II ultra and windows XP , not on a modern one with a geforce gtx 680 , 4 gigs of ram and a Pentium quad core processor running windows 7 . The game always crashes before I can really start playing and no update has ever fixed it .
 It comes down to this-will you conquer your foes through being kind or cruel ... well , not exactly.The first Black and White game focused very much on creature development impressing neighbors , and magical spells . You really did feel like you had a lot of power , though the micromanagement and lack on information left you feeling less than omnipotent.In Black and White 2 , game designers help you get more information about your settlements and of your opponents . Additionally , parenting has never been so easy due to a new meter system that lets you fine tune your creature training . In fact , you can easily go back and change all of the knowledge your creature has acquired throughout the game.Another addition to the game is the use of military units now , which is one of the biggest selling points for the game . Imagine epic battles being fought with your creature leading the way , destroying legions of soldiers with a single kick!The aspect of good vs evil all comes down to how you wish to conquer your foe-through proper city management and becoming `` a beacon on the hill '' or through armed conflict and forceful seizure.Unfortunately , all of these new additions lead to little improvement in the `` fun factor '' of Black and White 2 . The first disappointment in the game is your creature . While considerable time and effort was used with the creature in the previous title , in Black and White 2 , you will find at times that he is completely unnecessary and even distracting to the game depending on what your goals are for the game . If you are playing in the `` good '' side , your creature will be necessary to help defend your settlements or even to collect resources . While the defense is valuable , the collection is not always . At times , you have to carefully manage your resources , including trees , and you might find that your creature interferes with this . On the evil side , you might find him very useful in destroying armies and leading troops . Finally , Lionhead studios shows off the creatures as being VERY massive , however you might not even notice much of a difference from the beginning of the game to later.The second major disappointment is the military action . At times , it can be very difficult to raise an army unless you are fully dedicated to being evil . Instead of gripping battles being fought , troops simply meet each other on the field and whoever has the greater strength wins . At times , it is worth not having any army at all to take a simpler/easier way of winning , however this does not add to the fun of the game.Third , as a god , you are fairly limited in your influential abilities . In the previous title , the use of magic was frequently executed in order to impress neighbors and even small things such as rocks being made magical were useful in order to achieve your goal . Now , when you want to influence others by `` good means '' , the only way you can do it is by playing a sort of godly Sim City game where you micromanage all aspects of the city and its development . One would think that as a god , you might be able to practice some hands-off work and let your people have some free-will , after all , you can give this to your creature.In sum , if there is any development at all between the two titles concerning you as a god , it is that you have gained the ability to make great cities and send disposable soldiers out.The question is if the game is worth playing . The game does boast some fun moments such as the improved graphics and cool effects from the wonders you build -LRB- I never get tired of seeing the siren miracle go off ! -RRB- . However at times you will find yourself either sitting and waiting for events to take place , watering trees , or just wishing the level was over with already . As much as I hate to say it , I would have to recommend holding off on purchasing this title . Another game created around the same time is `` Overlord '' where you can exercise more good vs. evil fun.My only hope is that a Black and White 3 is in the works that makes you more god-like , your creature more useful and impressive , and lets you take a more hands off approach ... unless you want to use your hands for magic !
 This game was not at all what I was expecting . The building menus are poorly designed . Early in the game , when there are few buildings available , it 's not a factor . Once you start upgrading , though , you have to click through long , unorganized lists to find what you 're looking for . Meanwhile , things are happening you need to be paying attention to in the world . The dialogue with your conscience angel and devil are excessively long winded , and you ca n't skip them . If you ever restart a game , you get to listen to the same unbypassable tutorial every time . Also , on windows 7 , the screen will randomly go black and shut off , requiring a reboot . Oh , and creatures are more annoying than useful.Complete waste of time .
 I have always like EA games in the pass but this is one I should of skipped over . My main issue is this game is too much trouble to play with a mouse and just setting it up was a waste of time . I read trhe reviews before I purchased it and this is not the 1st time I bought something that had postives reviews but turn out to be a waste of both my time and money . If I though I could return it and use my money onsomething more to my liking them I would - an example of a great game is Dragon Age .
 black and white 2 has a lot going for it . . fairly unique ideas -LRB- at least more unique than the rest of the crap the gaming industry is putting out , though probably not as unique as , say , katamari damacy -RRB- , a great sense of humor , wonderful graphics . . uh oh , what are we missing here ? OH YEAH ! great controls and gameplay ! two of the most important things in a game ! oops ! see , black & white 2 is a very `` 3d '' game , and while this looks great , unfortunately it makes it a huge pain to move around between the 10 million camera views . now , other games have been 3d and have been easy to move around in with a default camera view , such as dawn of war . but you wo n't find that here . here , instead of moving to the sides of the screen to scroll view -LRB- DUH , every game has this feature , it 's the most obviously easy way to get around an RTS game for years and years -RRB- , you have to right click and then scroll the screen up , down , left or right . annoying ! if you want to click a villager , good luck because with 10 million camera views and depths to choose from , all in 3d , it 's hard to target your hand on to the villager.it 's not that i hate this game . . if it had a more simplified camera and controls , i 'd probably like it a lot . but i 'm not going to spend all my time & energy in a game trying to get to the right camera depth so i can see what 's going on and trying to grab things . heck , it makes me want to go grab some console game , where i do n't have to deal with this annoying crap .
 First off your creature selection is next to ZIP ! There are only 5 choices in this game.In the first game there were 18 . 0/5 StarsYour influence is now determined by building outward on your influence ring . So rather then being nice to your people just start building . I usally build all way to the enemy city then threw fireballs at them . 0/5 StarsComputer AI is terrible . Kill the first few waves with Fireballs then they quit attacking . You can usally just walk into their city and take it over . 0/5 StarsTrides :-LRB- In the orginal game there were 8 tribes . Now there are only 4 . The tribes have different look but they are really all the same . In first game every tribe had a different bonus unique to it.Overall the game play is just bad . You are no longer even competing against other gods . Ends up being pretty boring . Only reason I 'd give them 1 star is for the graphics . They are pretty good . This is just a bad bad game . I do n't remember the last time a company took an awesome game and made it so horrible . Do n't bother even buying this till it 's on the $ 10 rack .
 I bought this game the day it came . I was expecting it to be really awesome . Yes the graphics are more intense but that 's mainly it . There 's tons of bugs not even the patch fixes all of it . The AI will taunt you with the same lines until you conquer him or win him over . In the last mission my influence ring would not expand beyond my walls so I was stuck without soldiers , barely any walls , and barely able to survive the first waves . I eventually gave up and uninstalled the game .
 I got this game years ago and for some reason I could n't play it . I lost a couple of the discs for the installation and gave it up as a bad deal.Bought it off of Amazon about a week ago , got it and it all loaded . But it wo n't go past the initial tutorial . It not only freezes , it locks up my whole computer . All background tasks freeze . I had to hardboot my computer twice just to make sure it was the game that did it.I really wish I could play this game ; I have heard great things about it . But I am not about to put my computer at risk again .
 I was so excited to receive Black and White 2 in the mail . I used to play the original when I was younger and I am a big fan of PC Games . But THIS GAME did not work on a single computer in my house -LRB- I tried three different ones and there were different problems on different computers . -RRB- I was unable to return it for another game , so I decided to sell it at my own accord . I am so upset that I am unable to play it . I do n't know what the main problem is but this is the first purchase gone wrong on Amazon and I hope it does n't happen again .
 Just a note about two technical problems I had with this game . First , during installation , it locked up my computer -LRB- XP Pro , fully-updated -RRB- twice -LRB- big red button time -RRB- . The first time was on the 4th -LRB- out of 4 -RRB- CDs . To work around that , I copied all four CDs to my hard drive and installed from there . That led to my second lockup . While merely copying the files to my hard drive , XP locked up again . After that hard boot , I was able to get all the files copied and installed . But , that second lockup leads me to suspect the problem was with the CDs themselves.My second problem was an incompatibility with my Microsoft Wireless Laser Mouse 6000 . During the initial tutorial , the game goes through a section on panning the view using the middle mouse button . The tutorial simply would n't recognize my mouse 's middle button clicks . After searching the web , I found that people with the Logitech MX 1000 -LRB- amongst others -RRB- had the same problem . The solution was to use their mouse software to change the default middle mouse button to Autoscroll or middle-click . For some reason , doing the same with my Microsoft Wireless Laser Mouse 6000 software did n't work . At that point , I just said `` to heck -LRB- hah -RRB- with it '' and uninstalled the game . My son tells me that when he played the game , he had the same problem with his Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer . He worked around it by changing the options in the game to use the SHIFT key instead of the middle mouse button.It 's not much of a review , but hopefully , it might help others who are running into similar problems and are willing to fight with the game more than I was . I rate this game at 1 star out of 5 .
 The graphics are outstanding but in reading the forums you do need an outstanding computer set-up to enjoy ... my ran beautifully graphic-wise on a 6800 GT video card.But ... I could only play thru the 4th level , the ever-constant clicking on things , trying to move around and resource gathering , troop building made it sooooo tedious I had to uninstall it rather than waste my precious free time.The first BW was much better .
 Although I did n't play it much , I really did enjoy the first game . And this is not that game at all . The graphics have been slightly improved , but have created a much worse problem than bad graphics
 Just a warning
 I 've loved playing Risk for decades . It 's one of my favorite game-playing memories from my `` formative years '' . This particular game looks good , has some interesting options , and has n't crashed on me yet . That being said , I will never play it again.It 's absolutely infuriating to play this game because the AI is so , SO godawful . Utilizing `` strategy '' that calls for habitually stopping short of the border of another player 's continent when the other opponent has only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- army on the border , the upshot is that some players are allowed to hold continents and continue to build extra armies , all for lack of one simple die roll . After a few repetitions of this beginner 's mistake , very quickly this game descends into a contest of which opponent plays more stupidly than the other.It 's almost as if the players had an ongoing silent peace treaty - such treaties are part of the game , of course , but when such passivity occurs every single time then after a while it becomes clear that this is just a programming shortcoming . In the several games I 've played so far , I 've entered into several treaties and the average length of time that transpires before the other player breaks the treaty is 2 turns . So it seems unlikely that one can blame the passive approach on `` contractual agreements '' . Also , armies are left in small groups of 3 or 4 on countries in the interior of continents - countries that will never see any action - instead of being concentrated on the borders where they 're needed . This is a mistake typical of a 9-year-old , and players who make decisions like this are easy to beat in a game with a small number of opponents . But when multiple players are in action they make so many bad decisions that the effect is that they may as well be teaming up against you.Nothing that a smart player can do can overcome the collective stupidity of the other players . By failing to make common sense moves they give so much advantage to everyone else that they make it virtually impossible for the reasonably skilled player to win.I appreciate that this is n't chess , but there 's very little reward competing in a game that 's so poorly designed.Anyone want my copy of Risk 2 ? I 'll let it go for 49 cents .
 I have a dell with an i5 core and the game will not play on my computer . a waste of 20 bucks
 I love this game in any version , on the board it takes too long though , so got the PC version which is great on a big screen with some friends or family . Now when nobody is home and you try to play against computer players - just forget it , there is no AI involved there , you 'll be the only one thinking about strategy . Although they post that the generals have different strategies and behaviors - they just blindly fight towards their own missions with little aim and sense and no care for the rest of the board . Most of the games you will win within 5 turns or so , it 's just boring , even maddening how stupid the AI players behave . Had the first PC version of the game back in the 90s - that was much better ...
 I waited almost 4 months for this game and come to find out the missions suck and the so called `` true war '' experiance was about the most `` untrue war '' experiance I have had from any game . The only mission that was any good was the forth where you have to rescue the POW 's . They also say that `` Each mission should range from 45 to 65min in length '' . 10 mins on each mission is more like it ! and on the subject of missions 11 only i thought it was going to be 14 ? terrible game , if you want to get it try renting it first you will save a few bucks !
 This appear to be a good game until you reach the level where you have to rescue the journalist . Once you have to rescue that person , the sequence is stupid . It tells a comrade to interrogate the villagers but they shoot them all up and everyone look stupid , not knowing where the journalist at , leaving you stuck.I tried doing a search on the Internet and found other people wanting to know the same thing but no real answer . I 'm trading in this garbage for something that was at least went through QA
 this has to be the worst third person shooter on the ps2.the graphics are horrible for what the ps2 could produce , and the controls -LRB- ie aim/targeting -RRB- are the worst ever , sloppy jerky targeting . no matter how youadjust the sensitivty settings in the options menu the analog targeting sucks.its frustrating at best to try and aim and hit your target , i can only hope for amouse/keyboard smart joy frag adapter to fix this . or buy the pc version with truemouse/keyboard control for accurate aiming control.the developers of this game failed to deliver proper analog thumbstick targeting control , like socom us navy seals did.the only thing this game is good for is the blood and gore .
 If you are looking for something that realistically portrays being in Vietnam , then get Conflict
 If you are looking for something that realistically portrays being in Vietnam , then get Conflict
 There are swamp , rice pattys , villages . The missions are poorly conceived pieces of stuff , it is also very , very , very linear to the point that they do n't hide it like in any other video game . The enemy is not changeling -LRB- the NVA would hide and not have big hats -RRB- . The enemies come in two flavors those that just stand there oblivious that they have to move to avoid your shoots and those that run towards you.There 's an interactive Base Camp where you can talk go around and do a whole lot of nothing , except boom-boom , get some illegal drugs , shot your weapons , and the `` boom-boom '' is stupid and has no gameplay/fun/replay value.The Graphics are realistic graphics they have a grainy texture to them , This is cool some of the time and if it were a better game -LRB- aka open ended with brighter/more hidden enemies this would be cool . The death animations are so unbelievable you 'll laugh at them -LRB- not that I admire the death scenes in any video game -RRB- . And the cutscenes are vile and pointless -LRB- due to the pointless violence -RRB- I would say that the controls are easy to learn and that there 's a easy learning curve , but then again -LRB- no bragging/pun / ` I 'm better that you ' , because were all equal :-RRB- I have played a lot of games and know how to easily learn all the control schematics of the games that I play.ShellShock has one of the least realistic damage to the main character than from any game that I 've played . Your health bar regenerates over time , so all you have to do is go to a safe point and wait for 10 seconds.This game is a best a $ 10.00 - $ 5.00 meant to be picked up in the bargain bins . You probably should Rent or buying at the price I mentioned in the last sentience anything more is a waste of money .
 Like many of you I could n't wait for this game to come out . After I started playing I got very frustrated . This game seemed as if though it was terribly rushed . I have never understood why game designers would rush a project and produce a product like this and lose creditabilty for future products instead of just continuing to delay the game until they completely finish it . Like Delta force blackhawk down , at least i hope the designers will finish Delta force blackhawk down completely or scrape it!Anyway back to this game . The graphics and environments are really exceptional . The only problem is it makes absolutely no sense for the designers to make such lush environments and not make them fully interactive . In other words you can not always hide behind a tree as the design engine does not always allow you to . A lot of times you are confined to a narrow pathway . The designers should have taken a page from US SOCOM
 This game lacked many realistic details , for example
 this game is boring ... you 're not in the action at all , you 're kind of just walking around it . Aiming is horrible , control over crosshairs very poor . I compare every first person war shooter to the GUI of MOH : frontline , compared to that this game is horrendous . Save your money .
 This game looks good . it sounds good . does it play good ? NO ! This game is al l about volence and bad languge . I agree with Jeff Rogers . The game is comepletely filled with retarded gameplay . ur teamates ca n't die no matter what . There are many games better than this one .
 The game is rich in concept . However , in our experience , portions of the game are essentially unplayable because of severe inconsistencies with motion detection during short game and especially putting . Consequently , it 's impossible learn the right way to do some things because the exact same motion will be interpreted differently -LRB- or wo n't be interpreted at all -RRB- by the system each time you do it . Our Wii works great with Wii Sports and Wii Play . No problems with the remote -LRB- s -RRB- with those games . So our conclusion is that the experience is subpar -LRB- but not under par -RRB- with Tiger Woods 07 for the Wii .
 I am going to keep it short and sweet . It should be easy to make a good golf game with the wii remote . Here is where EA went wrong I think .1 . Graphics are lacking even for the wii .2 . No left handed option . You can swing left handed , but your ball will slice right a lot . I mean a lot .3 . You need to watch the screen to hit the ball . very counter-intuitive for real golfers .4 . the menu system is very unintuitive.That game is not unplayable . Its actually kind of fun once you get to the course and your able to hit with the power that you want to hit with and everything registers okay . unfortuatly the other half of the time it is very frustrating .
 I 've had this game for about a week now . At first I was really thinking I kept hooking my shots to the right because I was n't swinging accurately . So i was really excited about being able to improve with time and practice . But after many hours of concentrating , and watching the remote swing perfectly , still , 9 times out of 10 it hooks to the right . At this point it 's much more common for me to be hitting from the rough on my second shot than it is from the fairway . So that 's my first BIG complaint - I ca n't hit a straight shot for a life of me , and when I finally do it seems completely random and without reason . This last game I started only holding the remote with one hand , and as I bring it down to swing , I twist it in towards my body like I 'm bowling , and then it hits straight . There 's something very wrong with the controls here.My second HUUUUGE complaint is that about 25 % of the time when I 'm putting , the game will think I 'm swinging forward when I 'm still bringing my club backward !! AHH !!!! I 've lost the same event two times in a row against a computer controlled character because of this . I just got so frustrated about 5 minutes ago I almost threw my controller at the TV.The other thing that really bugs me about this game are the graphics . I understand it 's the Wii and not the 360 or PS3 . But they put gratuitous things in the game like animals running around in the background , and they took seemingly NO care with them to make them look anything beyond terrible . Why put a deer in the background if it 's going to make the game look bad ? Add it if it 'll enhance the atmosphere , but if you ca n't make it look good , take the stupid things out . The golf characters all look pretty good , and the grass and trees all look pretty good . I bought the Wii for gameplay though , not graphics . For that I have a nice PC.I LOVED Wii Sports Golf . But it was really short and way too easy . So I was excited about the prospect of a content-rich golf game using the Wii remote . But this game makes me want to throw it out my window and put in Wii sports ... at least that 's fun !
 But something needs to be said . The reason I 'm writing this review is that Tiger Woods uses deception to trick people into voting against things that they , in fact , support . Before examining the present situation , however , it is important that I tell it like it is . Lest you think that I 'm talking out of my hat here , I should point out that he twists every argument into some sort of `` struggle '' between two parties . Tiger unvaryingly constitutes the underdog party , which is what he claims gives him the right to promote the total destruction of individuality in favor of an all-powerful group . Now that I 've said what I had to say , I should remark that this review may not endear me to some people . Indeed , it may even cost me a friend or two . However , friends do not let friends get trampled by batty tightwads like Tiger Woods . The truth is the truth and we pay a steep price whenever we ignore it .
 A detailed game of golf played with the Wii Remote ; it sounds like a winner , does n't it ? For the first hour or so it really is -- then the problems start to become more and more apparent . First of all , the game is very , very hard . That 's not necessarily a problem . I 'm a big fan of hard games . However , a lot of the things that make it so hard just should n't exist.The biggest of these is the `` phantom '' or `` ghost '' swing as most people call it . You 're in the process of drawing back the Wii remote , getting ready to clobber the ball , when suddenly the game decides that you 've followed through already and you end up hitting it far right for a measly 65 % . There is nothing like already having committed 40 minutes to a tournament only to have it all go straight down the drain because of one fluke swing . There are plenty of `` fixes '' out there for that problem , but like cures for hiccups , none of them work for everyone.The second is the way the game chooses the difficulty level for tournaments . If you do well in the first round , you 'd better play perfect in all the rest because the CPU golfers certainly will . It 's very unforgiving and the solution seems to be to intentionally play horribly the first round , but honestly , where 's the fun in that ? How do you make sure you do n't overdo it so the AI gets too easy and you just end up cheating?Another problem is the actual power on your swing can be seemingly inconsistent with what the game tells you . I wish I could tell you exactly what the problem is , but I honestly do n't know . It does n't seem to have to do with accuracy , the rough , the wind , or the extra 10 % on the power meter . Sometimes the ball just wants to go a lot farther than it should . Also , with putting , it seems to automatically limit how much power you can actually use based on the distance to the hole . This can make long puts impossible if they 're uphill at all , because the game will often refuse to let you go over the required distance.Other complications include the incredibly short and useless manual , the annoying commentators that have absolutely nothing useful to say , and the inexcusably bad menus that are an absolute pain to navigate through . All of this adds up to an incredibly frustrating experience that makes me want to recreate my remote throwing days from when I was eight years old . If they end up doing Tiger Woods 08 for the Wii the way they should have done 07 , I 'll buy it in a heartbeat . Here 's hoping , but I 'm not holding my breath .
 Being a software developer , I understand a thing or two about how hard it 's going to be to make a really good golf game for the Wii . This game has obvious bugs that can not be ignored , and if EA was n't so interested in rushing it out the door for an ` on time ' delivery they could have done a really good job.The Good : The game -LRB- when the controls work -RRB- is so much more fun than any other console golf game.The Technical Bug : The widely talked about controller glitch . Even setting the swing difficulty to ` easy ' does not completely alleviate this . The best way to avoid this is to take a fast backswing . The slower your backswing the more likely this annoying ` feature ' is to show itself.The Annoying things that EA could have , and should have fixed : The menu is maddenly frustrating to navigate because they decided that the Wii-mote pointing should trigger the scrolling of the menu . . this results in your menus scrolling out of control because you moved your wii-mote to the wrong area of the screen.I 've yet to find a way to set the power on my putting guage . Similar to other golf games , you have short , medium and long putts . In TW , I think they forgot to give you control over which one you 're using . It 's unsanely frustrating when you have a 55ft flat putt and can only make the ball go 50ft -LRB- tip
 I 'm a low handicapper and avid golfer . I bought a Wii for this game . All I have now is disappointment . It just is n't fun . Bottom line , I leave frustrated after every round.I 'm mad at Tiger Woods . He did that ad . He 's played the game . It 's his name and he let his good name be tied to a crappy product . EA ported this onto the Wii without putting enough effort into it . Wii Sports golf has better play control than this.What 's wrong ? 1 -RRB- the play control is just plain terrible . I 've got a good golf swing and I have to abandon it to contort myself out of it to play the game .2 -RRB- putting is a joke . If you actually take a real putting stoke , most of the time it does n't even register .3 -RRB- the B button is a bad choice for the button to hold to swing . The A button -LRB- like Wii sports -RRB- allows you to press the button more easily without messing up your swing4 -RRB- graphics are n't great but I can live with that.Wii sports golf is better . Perhaps the EA monopoly on golf games can be broken by someone actually making a serious golf game that is actually fun to play -LRB- Golden Tee guys where are you ? -RRB- . Testing notes ... the game only really seems to register the angle of the Wii remote but not the position . I get the best results by not swinging at all and instead just swiveling my wrist alone . Moving the Wii side to side while keeping it vertical does n't seem to do anything.Seriously , Tiger , if you ever read this , let 's talk . You need someone to do some QA on anything that has your name on it . The majority of your earnings come from your brand and you 're polluting it by letting products like this get released .
 Unless $ 50 is pocket change to you and you are a video golf nut , pass on Tiger Woods ' 07 . I bought this game after playing the Wii Golf -LRB- in the Wii Sports package -RRB- and really enjoying it . Of course , Tiger Woods is great in the way that you can outfit your character , play real courses , play different modes , etc. . But the main reason for the Wii to exist -- swinging the Wii remote `` like a golf club '' needs IMMENSE improvement.I have had the game for almost a week and have played quite a bit . It is still EXTREMELY difficult to hit a good , solid , straight shot . It can be done , but I find myself having to swing my arm so hard in such a herky-jerky manner that my arm is literally in pain . I do n't know about you , but I do n't really want to have my right arm sore because of a stupid video game . I should say that I am a reasonably athletic 30 year of man and a decent golfer . I 'm not some total pansy , but swinging the Wii remote for Tiger Woods is MUCH more difficult than swinging a real golf club.Second and worse are the horrible glitches in the game . It takes quite a while to get the hang of the swing -LRB- you have to be COMPLETELY still before you start your backswing or else the remote will read it as a swing and hit is about 50 % -RRB- . This obviously screws you if you are playing in a PGA event . Even with lots of practice , I still get the glitch quite often on my putting . So if I play a round of 18 for a PGA event , I lose probably 5-6 shots because of glitches in the program -- not cool.I think that golf for Wii has a ton of potential and I am very hopeful that EA will sort out the problems with this game -- make it glitch free and less physically demanding . Again , unless $ 50 is nothing to you , pass this one up and hope for either A -RRB- improvements to the '08 game or B -RRB- Nintendo to produce a game similar to the Wii Golf but with more courses , types of games , etc. . Either that or just stick with the Wii Golf ! I probably should have spent my money on the `` Super Swing Golf '' which looks silly , but at least I would n't have myself headed to a Tommy John surgery with the stupid Tiger Woods ' 07 .
 For some odd reason the golfer will randomly swing at the ball -LRB- duffing it way off couse -RRB- while the Wiimote is pointed straight at the sky with the B button FIRMLY pressed . Highly frustated !!!! The controls in the menu screens are really hard to use as well . This game had potential to be freakin sweet , but it fell short .
 I assumed this game would have the same controls as the golf in Wii Sports , maybe even better , and that 's what broke my heart . Everything else about this game is great , but the controls just kill it .
 The Tiger Woods Golf is one of the worst things to happen to me this week . After playing and loving the Wii Sports golf , I was pretty excited to buy this one , but would now like my money back.The graphics are awful and make everyone look like a hideous monster.The controls are touchy , erratic , and sometimes possessed.The game is unnecessarily complicated.You ca n't choose your course.You can only use one Wii remote.You ca n't opt to do a shorter game.The remote somehow would be hitting the ball before I finished my backswing.We put the game away , forever .
 If you 've played Wii Tennis , you know how accurate & sensitive -LRB- hitting the ball left / right , topspin / backspin -RRB- the Wiimote can be . Why could n't they have put -LRB- at least some of -RRB- the same technology into this game ? If you are an avid golfer , you will be disappointed . Save your money & play Wii golf ...
 ... and I 'm usually not very critical but they controls were awful . I 'm a huge fan of the past offerings of this game . This one just did n't cut it . Using the nunchuk is tons better than using the wiimote but it still lacks considerably compared to say the 2004 ps2 edition . Putting , OMG , and hitting a half-swing shot is impossible with the wiimote . I 'll give it a two because it 's there first offering with the wii and honestly I 'm glad that they released this game for the wii but I ca n't deny that I was dissappointed . Like and earlier post , I was worried that I 'd mess up my real golf swing trying to adapt to this game and it 's inaccurate controls . I have n't sliced a ball in God knows how long but I was a regular `` hack '' on this game . My advise would be to rent first even if your a long standing fan of the series . Approach with caution ...
 Graphics are real grainny , poor quality gets old real quick . Needs work should be really cool in a couple of Versions . But now my guys dont even bother with it .
 Terrible game play as usual from EA.Poorly implemented conroller action .
 The controls of this game are broken.When you start to swing and take the Wiimote back , even just a few inches , your game character already does a full backswing.Sometimes the game character swings on it 's own , specially when putting.I 'm sticking to Wii Sports Golf .
 I was VERY excited when this game was released for the Wii , so I ran out and bought it immediately . Madden for the Wii was such a great , new interpretation that I thought this , my favorite PC game for years , would be a gaming breakthrough . After several hours of attempted gameplay , I have been severely underwhelmed . I applaud the effort to take advantage of Wii 's novel interface , but the control algorithms and utilization of the Wii control 's sensors for this game are very buggy . Many times during a normal swing the system registers a swing either starting during my backswing -LRB- resulting in 50 % - ish strength shot in some random direction -RRB- , does n't register my swing at all , or is quite erratic in how it registers my swing when it picks it up as you would normally expect.I will be trying the old-style controls with the nunchuk controller , but this takes away the game play advantage of the Wii - I would much rather play this on a game system with better graphics if forced to use old-style controls.Save yourself the $ $ and frustration and buy the Tiger Woods version for your PC , Xbox , or PS3 and enjoy endless hours of gaming - the Wii version is a poor effort . It makes me very , very sad to say this as I was looking forward to this being the `` coolest thing ever ! ''
 This game is absolute garbage . I have nothing good to say about it . The controls are so messed up it seems like they spent about 4 minutes writing that part of the game . It finishes your full swing about half way through your back swing over half the time and gives really , really low power.When you do manage to do well in a tournament , it 's all over if that was your first day . You ca n't win it . If you 're in first place after the first day , the other golfers start having insanely good scores -LRB- usually around -16 to -18 -RRB- . If you get lucky and have a good first day , you are better off not saving the game - you 'll never be able to beat those -16 to -18 scores the game thinks it needs to give your opponents.As everyone else has said , the graphics suck . Not just how poor they look at any given time , but the frame rates are terrible too most of the time.The sound is also horrid . I 'm amazed they could get that wrong , but it seems that every golf course in the world is completely surrounded by hundreds of air ports and dogs . The commentators are equally annoying . If I made a mediocre shot -LRB- like getting within inches of the hole after a 55 foot putt -RRB- I doubt it 's the `` worst putt '' you 've ever seen . Good thing these morons can be turned off.I think it 's clear that this game was rushed and that EA did n't bother to do ANY play testing at all before shipping this out the door -LRB- having the developers play-test does n't count - I mean real testing with real gamers that do n't know the game already -RRB- . The tournament scoring thing is about the worst bug of them all . It 's clearly intentional and it completely prevents winning first place if you do well on day one . No one finishes -18 . The people in this game are finishing with 53 , 54 , or 55 as the norm . This makes Wayne Meyers ' 57 at Southern Oaks look like a joke .
 This game at first looks seems amazing , but as you play it , you bump into the swing bug . If you want to play the game where you actually use the controller as a golf club , you `` lose '' swings . Occasionally , -LRB- about 4 times in a 9 hole round for me -RRB- , the game misses your swing . You take your backswing as normal , but when you bring it around for the hit , the game jumps the gun and hits it too early . This results in a weak , off target shot.I ca n't think of anything more frustrating than to play a good hole right up to the short shot and then have the game mess up in this way , causing you to lose the hole and possibly the match.In short , this game is bugged . Do n't buy it !
 This game was not very good . I heard it was the most GTA-like game on the Wii , and since I had so much fun playing The Godfather , I thought I 'd try it out . It was really boring and disappointing .
 Now , it 's true that this game is awesome , just like eeryone else has said , but there is a fatal flaw.While porting this game over to the Wii , they made tweaks here and there and did a fabulous job adapting the Wiimote and nunchuk.The problem lies in the 3rd level of South Beach . The job on the old version was so easy that they decided to beef up the difficulty and ruined their game by doing so . The level is now unpassable and therefore you can not progress into the final level of North Beach . Just to let you know I 'm not whining , Scarface will let you play the 4th level of South Beach and it fit in w / the difficulty of the whole game.It had taken me 2 weeks to get to the 3rd level of South Beach , and now I 've been playing the same level for 2 weeks.This is a perfect example of how to ruin a great game . Avoid buying this at all costs , unless you enjoy repetition .
 I love fantasy games and this was probably the worst one I 've encountered . Boring ... Traded in at GameStop
 I was hoping to have some fun on this game , I gave it two evenings and then gave up on it . The control system is rubbish , the boundaries on the game are rubbish . You basically walk around and control a swarm of minions to do predictable things like smash pots and chop up flowers . Woo.It should have been called Disneys Overlord . Or Fisher-Price , my first Overlord . The other reviewer is right . Your evil tasks include freeing human slaves from other evil creatures and getting food for them . After the 5 hours of tiresome play I took it back to the shop.Everyone 's got their own opinions but the rubbish voice acting , rubbish `` humourous '' comments and complete lack of diversity in play -LRB- run here , point minions at fallen bridge , onto next room , point minions at bad guys -RRB- made sure that I fell asleep not once , but twice while playing.Cack with a capital C.
 Game
 Clunky and confusing controls . Controls that do n't work as prescribed . Hack-n-slash sorta game with no hack-n-slash . Steer clear of this debacle . I got a good hour of game play and only did the first part of the tutorial ... If the tutorial is longer than an hour or if the tutorial confuses the player then that should be a clear signal to the developers to just stop . It definitely got this player to stop .
 I have been a crazy fan of the of the fallout series from it 's quite start from a Game called Wasteland by EA . I own both Fallout 1 & 2 and still play them even after all these years . This being said I tried Brotherhood of Steel and was Immediately sorry I did . I am only giveing this pice of trash 1 star because there in no option for negative stars . If this is the level of work that Interplay puts into the Fallout series in the future then Maybe it is a good thing that they are not making Fallout 3 . Gone is the Immense Character Development that was one of the best parts of the first two game . In its place is a mindless clone of a O.K. but not Great PS2 game This is why PCs are better for most RPGs . I manges to solve the game in three day is was so short , that was good becuase after the first 30mins I was hateing life . I only finished the game hopeing for some Redeeming qualities which were completely absent . If you need a post-nuke fix play fallout 2 , and avoid this game like the Radioactive crap that it is .
 Its all sad really . Fallout 1 and 2 were two of the best games ever made , IMO . This new game FO : BOS , has none of the humor , creativity , good plot lines , different choices , etc. . . It is so linear , characters are flat and game play gets sooooo old . It is instead plays like a hastily thrown together game , on top of a pre-existing -LRB- playstation Dark Alliance -RRB- game engine , which it is . It is crude , boring , uninspired and repetitive . After 10 + hrs playing I am burned out with it and want it to be over . Although the fan sites dismissed the game before released , they were definately right . Your better off with many other titles.It 's only not consisent with nor anywhere as good as its predecessors , it is n't a very good game at all , even based on its merrit as a console type action game rather than RPG . That combined with the horrible PR job Interplay did , managing to offend and insult their fan base , makes this bungle even more remarkable . I bought both the game and guide book pre-order because I loved the series but I certainly wo n't make that mistake in the future .
 I am a HUGE fan of the Fallout series -LRB- And yes , we should have slit Chucky 's throat before he made this game . -RRB- and thusly , this game is a HUGE dissapointment . If you want to play a Fallout game , this is NOT the one to get , it is a bastardization of the series . This game is nothing like the others , and does not deserve to be called by the same name as those classic pieces of art.However , if you ignore the fact that they are trying to pass this off as Fallout and try not to get pissed off about it , you might have a bit of fun . I thought the game was alright when I was n't steaming about all the changes in the storyline that make it a piece of crap.Then I played it co-operativly with a friend . We had fun , mostly from making jokes as we did stupid things . I remember the final battle in this arena , telling my friend `` Follow me , I have a plan ! '' , a second before being roasted by a continous fire laser . So , yes , you can have some fun with this one.Keep in mind , this game is not a deep RPG like it 's predecessors on the PC , it is an action game and should be approached as such . So the bottom line on this one is
 Ever since Baldur 's Gate Dark Alliance came out for the PS-2 it spawned many similar action/rpg hybrid clones . For example there is the Champions of Norrath series and even Hunter the Reckoning . These games attempt to take the themes we enjoyed about Ever Quest , Baldur 's Gate , and the world of darkness and make them into entertaining hack n slash co-op fests . In that regard Brother-Hood is more of the same . While it may wear a cheap Vault dweller uniform you can tell it is more '' loot n shoot '' than it is Fall Out 1-2 or Fall-out tactics.I understand why the Fall-out fans were peeved about Brother-Hood of steel . It was at a time Fall Out 3 had been promised many times only to let us down . Of course Bethesda FINALLY answered our prayers so bitterness and skepticism are things of the past.The main thing you should know is this is NOT going to stand up to Fall-Out 3 . Fall out 3 has a great series of plots . Brother Hood of steel does n't . Fall out 3 has interesting non player characters to interact with in myriad ways . Brother-hood of Steel 's NPCs are a cliche nasty bar tender , a prostitute , a cowardly mayor , and an old gnarled military vet missing an arm . Yup , I 'd say Carbon has about 6 NPCs to talk to and that 's it.However keep in mind Brother-hood of steel was not even trying to be Fall-Out 3 to begin with . It simply wanted to provide a fun 2-player destruction fest in a post apocalyptic world setting which is interesting . On that level it does succeed . Assuming you have a friend over it can pass the time . However I imagine playing it alone is a drab task of monotony.Each brother hood of steel initiate has different strengths and weaknesses . The girl is fast and agile , the tribal male is the proverbial slower power-house , and Kain the cool ghoul can actually walk through radiation without it harming him . When he upgrades certain attributes rads even heal him.I 'd elaborate more but that 's it . None of these characters have profound connections to their world . There is no stellar story line on the horizon . You accept a mission , kill raiders , ghouls , mutants , scorpions , rats , and death claws , upgrade equipment , and repeat that in tedium about 50 more times.While this game is supposed to follow the formula of a Fall-out Diablo a little innovation would have been nice . For example it would be better if some missions were personal to certain characters or that you could actually make pivotal choices instead of just being given the illusion of choices through giving those you talk to varied responses.I believe even 2-player action RPGs can have lovable protagonists and deep plots but apparently those in charge rather crank out the same dull uninspired engine over and over again.If you have a friend over all the shooting and smashing is fun , then again the same can be said of almost any game using this same premise.If you find this game in a bargain bin or for dirt cheap pick it up but if someone is asking for a high price laugh at them , extend your middle digit , and proceed to getting FallOut 3 . -LRB- Aka how Fall-Out SHOULD be done ! -RRB- Pros + A decent 2 player hack n slash fest.Cons - Nothing to offer a single player and lack luster in almost every regard . Cussing , profanity , and kinky clad raider girls does not automatically make a game worthy of the name `` Fall-Out '' .
 Not fallout . Not fun . You want it , I 'll give it to you . Never mind I have a conscious . If your looking for that old Fallout click and fun thing , it 's gone . Different sequences for your hero 's path is not in here . Visiting towns ... it sucks ! It 's Gauntlet in Fallout world .
 Repetitive , simplistic gameplay consists of running along linear levels surrounded by invisible walls , and repeatedly pushing the kick button to eliminate countless enemies running towards you . Luckily the game has only six levels , so the pain will soon go away .
 I 'm a native of Indianapolis and am a fan of Indianapolis Motor Speedway -LRB- IMS -RRB- and like PS2 racing games . I enjoy racing around IMS in my PS2 Nascar Thunder and Formula 1 games , so I was very excited about IndyCar Series when it came out and I could race the 230 + MPH vehicles I watched many times in person over the years on the track that I know so well.But , as other reviewers have noted , there is no steering wheel support for this game -LRB- I have the Logitech wheel , which is essentailly the standard for PS2 -RRB- , but I do n't think that you would know that from the information on the box for the game . I can imagine the look on my face when I plugged in my wheel and ... nothing.The game plays OK with the standard controller and the graphics and sound are decent , but it just is n't the same as driving with a well-calibrated wheel in your hand . I 'll make sure I research my next racing-related product first .
 Unless someone can figure out a way to use a PS2 steering wheel with this game , I would NOT recommend it at all . The graphics are ok -LRB- 6 on a scale of 1 to 10 -RRB- , but without the use of a steering wheel this game is useless . You 'd be better off playing F1 2002 . The graphics are much better and you can use a steering wheel .
 Okay I love Indy racing and I was upset with this game . The graphics on this game just sucks ! I have played Formula One games and Nascar games that have more detail that this game has . I would have enjoyed this game a little bit more if they had a camera view on top the car like they do in real Indycar Racing . . why that was n't put in is a mystery . The camera views are so crazy . . you have four . the rear . . further in the rear , the nose and the cockpit . . Someone please explain to me why the heck we need two rear views ? Are you trying to tell me that you got all the drivers and cars but could n't get a camera view with over the head shot . . okay . When your looking back to see who 's racing from the rear its the same view in all of them . Oh in the cockpit . . no freaking mirrors ?? The crashes are awesome I love the fact that you have to stay in your line before you start and the pace car comes out like the actual race thats pretty cool . The spotter I love that he always give you information on where you are . Other than that . . rent . . rent ... rent !!
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !! You can not use the Logitech steering wheel on this game . Why ? I have absolutely no idea , but to me , it makes the game worthless . I own many racing games -LRB- Gran Turismo , Pro Race Driver , Formula One , etc. -RRB- and they ALL support the steering wheel . Why Codemasters would go through all the trouble to develop and market this game to people interested in racing and driving , but not have it support a steering wheel is beyond me .
 I think I could have a more exciting game of chess if I played myself in a game .
 I was told by reviews that it was like a mario kart version for the Xbox , but it doesnt relate . It 's slow moving and not that exciting . It would be a blast I 'm sure to a kid , but not for a teenager
 This is a polygonal beat-em-up game along the lines of Fighting Force and Hidden Invasion . And like those two , it 's a horrible game.The camera is sloppy . Not as bad as Hidden Invasion , but it can sometimes get stuck at inappropriate places -LRB- I ai n't talkin ' in a good way either ! -RRB- , and you have no control over it.The gameplay is monotonous . You knock thugs around and then follow an arrow to where you beat more people up . At some point in the stage , you press the A button to activate a switch or call another Angel.The controls are awkward . Once again , the analog shoulder buttons are used at full disadvantage
 I rented this game from blockbuster to test it out . I had just seen the 2nd movie , which also sucks , but I thought since the movies are all about fighting , it can probably like an arcade game . But no , I was wrong . Maybe they could have made it better if they did not cram the game together to release it with the movie . I reccomend to rent it first if you are interested in it but please , DO NOT GO BUY IT !
 What happend to this game it tis horrendous ! Every level is repetitive and boring here is a mini review -LRB- BASED ON A SCALE OF 1-5 -RRB- ! Sound :1 - All Music Sounds The SameGraphics :3 - Good only when the movies come on or else awful!I dont even have to tell you the rest to persuade you not to buy this right ... This game is awful so when you see this game to a cry at how bad it is . Do a Charlies Angel Formation and chop this game up into shreds!Please STOP making this game for the bettter of the world !
 I got this game thinking that there would be some major ass kicking going on as there is in the movies . It seemed okay at first , but then as I advanced through the game I realized how unbelievably repetetive and boring it was . It never got any better . This was one of the worst games I 've ever played .
 This game is so stupid , i mean dont get me wrong ... i love both the charlies angels movies but this game doesnt do them any justice . Bassically you do the same thing in evey level , fight the bad guys and then call another angel do the exact same thing.The only reason anyone should get this game is because of the animated movies they show once u finnish the level , but trust me , even they arent good enough to keep your attention .
 This is the worst game out for Gamecube . It even beat Mystic Heros for worst voice acting of all time . The action is clunky and the camera control is non-existent . All you do is fight clone armies of the same guy . If you plan on maintaining your sanity stay AWAY from this game .
 Totally useless game . All you do is fight the same bad guys over and over and over in different scenery . It is totally and completly monotonous . Do n't bother buying .
 Go 15 years behind to get an idea of the graphic quality , The game itself is boring , deadly boring.waste of money if you want to have fun .
 This game is n't realisitic at all . When the cars crash no significant damage takes place just some small pieces fly off but that 's about all.The spotters voice is so dull and does n't even sound human . It sounds like a robot . If you are looking for a good open wheel sim then do n't get this game . If you are looking for an arcade style game then you 'll probably like it.If you want a realistic and fun race car game and you like turning left then NASCAR Thunder is a good game to get . Heck they even throw in a couple of road courses to make it interesting . This game ca n't even make that claim.I just wish they would come out more open wheel racing games for The X-Box like some Formula One games . Unfortanately Sony has exlusive rights to featuring F1 games on PS 2 . The one thing that is realistic
 The graphics are unquestionably better for Nitro , but besides that I was rather unhappy with it.The first thing I noticed were the GLITCHES . I was shocked - the first one I came accross was in the Adventure mode , where when I accidentally landed in the center of the vertical metal `` island , '' I was stuck ! Then , after I 'd plummeted into the abyss and tried again , I could n't get back to the `` main '' land - it would simply drop me when I was on the ramp . I was very puzzled and astonished that this managed to make it through testing , but figured it was just one glitchy area.Nope . While on a track -LRB- Assembly Lane - which reminds me of N.Gin labs ... -RRB- I fell INTO the track -LRB- those who have played - that part where you 're on a thinner , roundish `` pipe '' track -RRB- and started going in circles without any player input , unable to get out . The game finally solved the problem by `` killing '' me and putting me back on the track , but that was only after a good 10 seconds of being stuck!Perhaps I just got a bad game , but the glitches were a huge shock to me - a commercial game of a popular character line is not where I 'd expect to run into these sorts of errors.Aside from that , I found the tracks to be a bit overwhelming - it is n't so much that the tracks themselves are complex , but that the surroundings are distracting . For some reason the colors and objects interact in a way that makes it hard to focus on the race . The graphics are very well done , do n't get me wrong , but when you 're running into walls because you 're having trouble keeping track of the course - well , something 's wrong.The sound is kitschy . The music is more intrusive and childish -LRB- that 's the only word I can think for it -RRB- than in CTR , which is also distracting . The taunts are repeated over and over , and they are less subtle -LRB- or more obnoxious -RRB- to boot . The voices have been changed , and though this is personal preference , I miss the old voices.You start off with VERY few characters , even for multiplayer . You get Coco , Crash , Crunch , Cortex , N.Gin , Tiny , Nitrous Oxide , and N.Trance . No Polar or Pura ! In addition , Coco bandicoot and her taunts have edged further into the `` ditz '' category -LRB- she used to be a favorite character for me as a girl geek , until they played up her blonde factor more -RRB- . The controls seem a bit unresponsive - there 's too much `` give . '' I 'm not sure how else to explain it.I was a huge CTR fan , even if it was sometimes a bit kitschy . I was hoping Nitro might be less kitschy and serve as a PS version of Mariokart , -LRB- I 'm a college girl , so multiplayer games that my friends will enjoy are a biggie -RRB- but no dice . The storyline is standard , the courses -LRB- for the most part -RRB- not very new , the weapons not nearly as much fun as in CTR ... I really think they could have done better on this game.If you 're buying it for a non-gamer 10-year old , it might fly , but besides that I 'd say give this a pass .
 This game is a ripoff of the mario kart series . This game has items that you throw at your opponenents . mario kart has better items you throw at your opponents . this game has sharp turns mario kart has better sharp turns that you do not go flying everywhere . Like in this game.this game has lacky controls -LRB- for the ps2 verision -RRB-
 No matter how cool this game looks like , do n't ever buy it . When I first looked at it , I first thought it would be like the classic , fun Crash Team Racing , little did I know I would be ripped off . The gameplay is boring , the controls are unresponsive , and there are not as many tracks.The sound is BAD . The characters repeat the same taunts over and over again . -LRB- especialy Coco -RRB- To sum it up , -LRB- you 'd get bored to death if I told you everything I hate . -RRB- if you are a huge Crash fan , and you love kart racing , get Crash Team Racing -LRB- PS -RRB- . If you 're still a Crash fan , but you do n't really like kart racing , get Crash Tag Team Racing -LRB- PS2 -RRB- . And if you do n't like Crash , but like kart racing , get Mario Kart Double Dash !! -LRB- GC -RRB- Like I said , do n't go near this game !
 This is the second game we 've bought that Vivendi Universal has taken over from the original creators and they 've ruined this one , too . First , they brought down Spyro , and now they 're after Crash Team Racing . The cars are n't easily controlled , the graphics got blurry going around some of the corners making it hard to tell where you were on the course , and worst of all - as soon as the first place racer crosses the finish line , the race is over . Whatever place you 're in when they cross , that 's where you end up . It was so much better when everyone was allowed to finish . I paid full price for this game so I 'll muddle through it , but I 'm never buying one of their games again .
 i really did n't like the game . . i thought it was going to be more like a crash badicoot level game . . instead it was racing a go kart i guess i did n't think about that when i read the title . oops my fault .
 Do not be fooled by the words `` Fallout '' and `` 50 's sci-fi '' , they have absolutely nothing to do with this game . `` Fallout
 Ugh!What a useless waste of $ 50 ! There I was , hoping for a cool co-op action game and ended up with a buggy piece of crap ! The controls are basically mashing the buttons around , it 's offensive and embarassing and most importantly
 The makers of this game should have either NOT named this Fallout OR added a disclaimer that this game is NOT apart of the Fallout CanonThis game should be considered a lame ` ode ' to Fallout rather than an actual FO game.Gameplay sucks , graphics suck , over-use of foul language and lame inappropriate jokes -LRB- -LRB- all the time , left and right -RRB- -RRB- Instead of Nuka-Cola , Bawls soda appears in the game *** huge annoying distraction outside of the FO canon ; and many weapons are named for modern guns -LRB- example
 Wow , I never walk out of a movie , and I hate to give up on a game half way thru , but I came very close here . The original Fallout was the first RPG I 'd ever owned , and I still love it , its sequel , and tactics ; I really wanted to like this one to , but I just could n't wait for it to end . I almost bought it the day it came out for full price , thank goodness I held off and and just picked it up for under ten . As it is , rumor has it an open ended Morrowind style RPG is being worked for the next Gen consoles a couple years from now , which I am sure will be great ... but just incase , I 'll be waiting before picking it up . Sorry Interplay , but this long time fan just does n't trust you anymore -LRB- but wants to be won back -RRB-
 Graphics were bland compared to other similar titles , profanity was too extreme , auto-targeting did n't really seem functional.Yawwwn.Don ' t waste your money . Better games out for less cash .
 I 'm revising my review here , as I recently bought an X-Box and picked this game up as well with it.I 'll admit , I joined the bandwagon of fellow fallout fans denouncing this game , and alot of reasons were still in the right.The gripes I still have with this game are the camera angle view they use is horrible and the combat is a bit difficult.But as for the look and feel of the Fallout world ? They pinned it down faily nicely.I 'd edit the stars to maybe 3 instead of 1 ...
 I picked this up used and couldnt have been more disappointed . It has none of the feel of the original fallout titles . As some examples , the action isnt turn based , which really ruined this for me right off from the start . Half the fun and originality of fallout was the turn based action . The backing music doesnt have the same feel at all . Rather than the grim ambience of the first to set the mood , they use ` rock and roll ' tracks from bands like ` slipknot ' . Seriously , there was so much wrong with this game i couldnt even complete it . If you are a big fan of the originals , then stay away from this .
 What a waste , its like playing dark alliance , with fallout smacked on the cover . The things you fight are the same form dark alliance with futuristic names . The game is a disaapointment compared to fallout 1 and 2 which where the best games ever made
 If you 're looking for an experience similar to that of Fallout 1 , Fallout 2 , or even : : shudders :
 Very poor game . It seems as if this is a Baldur 's Gate
 Wow . There 's not really any words to describe this game . I got it thinking it would be cool since I love the post-apocalyptic genre , but the game turned out to be really bad . The plot was ridiculous , and all the quests were boring , repetitive things like `` find the key and bring it back to me '' . The fighting was probably the worst part of the game , which is pathetic , since the fighting plays the biggest role in the game . You just run around with your fingers mashing the auto-aim button and the fire button . There 's no strategy or skill involved , it was just boring . The graphics suck also , compared to most X-Box games.This game is a disgrace , do yourself a favor and do n't rent or buy it .
 Fallout
 This game is average to slightly hard level . Spyro 's moves are ice breath , super ice breath , fire breath , fire ball , wind , super wind-electric breath , glide , and charge . His objective is to collect items and gems and trade them for hearts needed to complete the game . The game is relatively boring , especially whenever your constantly going back and forth between two worlds to open chest or return items you you 've found . There is almost no storyline , as with most Spyro games .
 This is a good game but it was not the one that works with win sys. . It only works with older versions of win . Not advertised as such .
 I played Myst when it first came out . It was a great game . I wanted to give it to a friend . After it arrived it would not install . No help on line . Most posts from help lines say that Myst will NOT run on windows 7 . what good is it ?
 This game is impossible ! There is no way to capture characters in two rooms , so you can not progress to the next level . The manufacturer has no service established to help with these problems
 PC version.So many bugs in this game its untrue . Waited 2 months for the patch - and now the game does n't even run.Good going EA - I have played NBA live since ' 95 . I will never buy another again.Pathetic .
 Repackaged NBA Live ' 06 , new with bugs ! - Frustrating gameplay -LRB- get too close to a defender and you are `` locked '' into a move with virtually no control over your player - forget about the `` freestyle control '' -RRB- - Unresponsive controls-Unstable , buggy menu UI - '06 graphics-False advertising about features that were only available on the XBox 360 version-Primacy issue in dynasty mode that appeared in '06 is STILL not fixed-Unrealistic dynasty mode - you can still trade 3 average players -LRB- that can easily be signed with minimum contracts -RRB- for a superstar-TERRIBLE support/updatesPLEASE give us NBA 2K7 on the PC !
 First - this game is -LRB- almost -RRB- a tremendous game . Much better than previous versions of NBA Live . The player physics and movements on the court are great . Season mode , Dynasty mode , All Star Weekend , all the goodies are there . The vusuals are good and there are many new animations . The game looks and feels great.However ... because of the bug where the CPU will never sub for a starter -LRB- unless they get into foul trouble - but never come back in -RRB- the CPU starters play all game until exhaused - and keep playing . The CPU never uses any bnech players making playing against the CPU very unrealistic and virtually ruining the experience.ALso , the CPU 's point guard takes most of the shots and drive to the basket for easy layups way too often . Below average PGs will dominate the game scoring 30-40 points a game , while the team 's true stars take few shots.Until EA releases a patch , I would strongly advise to stay clear of NBA Live 07 . EA must fix these 2 problems . If they do , this game will be great . If not it is almost unplyable .
 Amazing how a company can continue to make live after live and somehow never get it right . Live 07 is incredible in features , and for a stat junkie such as myself the dynasty mode was vastly improved with team chemistry , and other goodies making multiple seasons worth playing through.The rumor mill especially in dynasty was a great addition , and although pointless in many ways , the espn integration is still a cool presentation nod.However ... There are several things missing in Live 07 , that was FINE in previous versions . So once again , they add new stuff , while taking out features that worked perfectly well in the others.Where the heck is the menu to choose how many games you want to play in dynasty mode ? Unless I am mistaken , and the copy I purchased is incomplete , why is there no option to choose a 29 game season in dynasty ? It is clearly available in seasons ... but missing from Dynasty mode ! Granted there are people who do n't really care for this , but for those of us who do that is a huge missing part.That almost triples the normal season length , and for those who play 12 minute quarters , makes playing a full season an adventurous couple of months . Not worth it , not ever.Still no back down/face up button , you have to press down on the analog stick-I have a logitech controller , so I can always program it in-but it is a pain in the monkey to have to do something to your hardware that should have already been included in the games programming.Pressing down on the left analog stick makes it nearly impossible to guard players , especially since the ` superstar ' shooters can get off a shot in half a nanosecond , making it impossible to contest them !! Put the entire control scheme together on offense , and you will feel more like you are playing Marvel vs. Capcom 2 than a basketball sim . The pro hop buttons are moved to analog , a LOT of the cooler superstar moves have been moved to analog , with weird half circles and dragonpunch combos and whatnot . I do n't know anyone who has this many fingers . There is no way to completely enjoy the features of this game , because I do n't think it is possible to play a competitive game against the computer with your fingers so far from important buttons.Trying to combine necessary buttons with the new scheme is frustrating-and it should n't be.The ai still sucks spaceballs , but thankfully I witnessed my ai controlled center actually jumping and blocking shots for once . That is a HUGE improvement over them standing around and doing nothing.But ending this short
 The Windows XP version says it comes on a CD ... Wrong ! It comes on a DVD ... I would also like to add that the System requirements for this game seem to be Top Secret ?? Amazon does n't list them as of this writing and a visit to the EA SPORTS NBA Live 07 website does n't either.My Grandson received one of these for his 9th birthday and the only place you find the System requirements is on the smudged cellophane wrapper and it is written so small you practically need a magnifier to read it . Even though my Grandson has a pretty new Dell computer with plenty of CPU and Memory and DVD drive , it would not install because it does n't have the right Video Card . What 's with keeping this information so secret EA ?? Do you like returns and wasting people 's time?How about joining the Information Age and getting your act together !! It 's NO FUN if you ca n't even install it and after all of the above it wo n't get installed but returned for a refund .
 Just a porous effort on every level . Not much has changed from the 2006 version except that the game play is evermore lop-sided and ridiculous . Interface options are convoluted , the website for patches is a joke and the actions on the court seemed to have been programmed , animated and mo-capped by Stevie Wonder.Glad I received it as a gift and I did n't spend the cake on this junk . I know EA lost its way a long time ago -LRB- they actually DID make great games about 10 years ago -RRB- and is simply in it for the bottom line at this point . My ban on buying EA products continues and we -LRB- the wise consumers -RRB- will be left standing when the last EA studio closes .
 I purchased the download version of this game and I when I play season mode , franchise mode , or playoff mode , after the game is over I can not get to the screen to save the game . It is ridiculous !!!! I checked for a patch but the game is still doing the same thing . Do not buy this game !!!!! The game play was good , I enjoyed it but I cant enjoy it if I can not save my progress .
 EA lost it . NBA LIVE is the WORST NBA game now , no questions asked . Buy NBA 2K7 . Much much better.Too many bugs . Too many bugs that I cant write it all down here.Worst of all , the game crashes everytime , EVERY SINGLE TIME I play.This has happened to numerous players , and even the bug fix EA came up with after a month did nothing to fix it.The laugh is that EA was so stupid they had to release a fix of the bug fix , as the first bug fix could even be installed by anyone.This game is not worth anything at all . Its a total JOKE.I can probably make a better game myself , at least a game that works !! Do me a favor , lets not buy any more EA products and push the retarted and disrepectfull company to bankruptcy .
 Too bad this only works if you have a DVD drive on your PC . I 've played the NBA Live games every year for the past few years , but this year I ca n't even try it out , as my PC only has CD-ROM drives . Sure , that might not be an issue for a lot of the people who game regularly , but I have no use for DVDs on my PC -- sorry EA , would love to have given you my money , but you wo n't let me .
 before you buy this game make sure have the color chips and all that stuff needed . it doesnt say what are the requirements on the page but you have to have something like an ati radeon chip and nvidia something like that
 The battery itself is OK , but replacement is terrible , practically difficult . Controller PS3 shows cheap and poor design.Why this controller enclosure do not allow the user to open a back door and replace the battery ? Once I open it , all tiny parts fall apart ? . The battery is holding by piece of foam , instead of formed plastic edges as a firm compartment . Hard to align the battery in order to close properly the back cover for controller.I do not recommend to open and replace the battery inside of PS3 siz axis controller !
 I 've tried everything from patches to updating all the drivers on my comp . My Dell is n't even a year old and this game keeps erroring up upon loading . This is the only game that has done this and now it looks like I wasted my money on this poor attempt of a game . It says that my video card software is not suppoted and it looks like there are only a couple that this game does support . Next time this company makes a game I suggest that they make one that supports all or at least most video cards so hard working people like me can actually play them . Do n't waste your money like I did , this game may not work with your computer .
 I couldnt say anything on behalf of this game , installation and everything went smoothly and then I dont know what happened , every time I go to play the game a strange french warning shows up , mind you my PC 's in english . Havent been able to play it and every time I do nothing damn strange french warning appears . Waste of damn money .
 I love the timely shipping and ease of the website . The product however did not come with a CD Key to activate the game . luckily I have still had the CD Key from my old game which has been lost . Also there was no booklet for the game in the package . No big deal though . Just would have liked the original CD Key that came with that game . Over all I 'm happy with it .
 ... in order for the game to run properly . My original AOW works fine but this new game needs a patch . I had trouble installing it . In single player mode you CAN NOT use the NAVAL UNITS . If it were not for the need of a patch I would like to play the game . I recieved the package fine just as advertised . Thanks you did a great job in getting me my game . It 's up to Atarti to fix this game now !
 Well I guess my rating and title should tell the whole story ... , unfortunately it gets way worse . First off this thing barely even fits inside my ps3 input . . it just kinda flopped around like a dying fish -LRB- and they sent the `` special modified version -RRB- . Second it barely worked ! The colors were distorted and there was NO SOUND for the first 3 days , but finally after plugging my cable wire into the adapter I finally got sound and a pretty decent picture , but that was only after some heavy rearrangements . And finally the 3rd spark that ignited the fuse attached to a big bomb of hatred I now have for this waste of landfill space came when I went to untwist the cable wire off my adapter ... IT POPPED OFF !!!!!!! So needless to say this product is nowhere near worth the price and/or hassle . In fact I would n't accept this even if Amazon gave it to me for free and gave me 50 $ .
 Well , I wasted $ 10.11 + shipping on this POS . The video signal was awful and there was no sound when I connected an Xbox 360 to my TV using this MadCatz product . It reminded me of the days of rabbit ears when you would ask your sister to stand there holding the antenna so you could try watching a signal from an out of state TV station . Either I got a defective product or it just does n't work . I would strongly suggest getting a generic RF modulator instead of one that is product specific like this one is .
 Amazon did get this to me pretty quickly , but it is not the correct item . The one they sent has the XBOX , GAMECUBE , and PS2 plugs molded together and the XBOX 360 plug on a separate cord . The one pictured has all 4 on separate cords . This is no big deal if you are plugging in only one of the first 3 systems , but if you are planning to leave it set up so you can play any game system without unplugging cords , this wo n't work . It says it has automatic switching . There is no way this thing is going to unplug itself from Gamecube and plug itself in to PS2 . I am still waiting to hear from customer service to see if they can actually send me what I bought .
 I 've seen and had one of these hook ups back in the day but this one was just eh . needs work and all the universal hook up such as 360 , PS3 , and Will connect .
 I should preface this by saying that the version I purchased did not have the xbox 360 adapter and I sent it back . The seller reported that this was noted in the seller description that pops up after the universal description you see on the Amazon product page ... and it probably was . I only read those if I am purchasing something that needs to be in a certain `` condition '' -LRB- games , books , etc. -RRB- I figured that a cable -LRB- which is what this is , for the most part -RRB- either works or does n't , and that it would n't be for sale if it did n't work ... but I was wrong . Just a note
 the most obvious problem with this product is the size and placement of the plugs -LRB- i cant think of the correct terminology -RRB- . i had to saw the xbox plug completely off in order to fit it to my ps2 -LRB- slim -RRB- . luckily all i had to do was snip the wires off and wrap it in electrical tape to be safe . but really when u spend $ 10 + on a product u dont want to be doing surgery u want to plug it in and play .
 I received the product today and when I opened it , I realized that it definitely is not as pictured . I was hoping it would be that exact one with the multiple cords so that I could plug it into my PS2 Slim and my XB360 without having to worry about unplugging anytime I wan na switch consoles.It works fine with the XB360 . As far as with the PS2 Slim , I can not connect the power cord to my system because the XB360 part of the cable blocks the port for the power cord . That means that they both can not be connected to my system at the same time , meaning I can not play my PS2 Slim with this RF adapter . The main purpose of my purchasing this cable was for my PS2 Slim.I am dissatisfied .
 Does NOT work with the Nintendo Wii as stated !! ONLY compatible with PS2 , PS3 , XBOX , XBOX 360 , N64 and Gamecube .
 We bought this as it advertised it would work with a Wii , Xbox 360 , PS3 as well as the PS2 . I dont know about the old model PS2 's but with the more common `` slim '' PS2 's the 360 adaptor sticks out in such a way that you can not plug in the power cable to the back of the PS2 . So unless you have a very old PS2 its useless if your looking to hook it up . Very disappointing as now we must buy a second adaptor due to misleading info . This may be my last straw as far as MadCatz peripherals ...
 according to my child , 9 years , the game is not very interactive - more like watching short film clips .
 I loved Fallout . Once armed and with even leather armor you could strike out in any direction in search of adventure . There was a storyline , but it was still possible to get a job or gamble your way through for a good while , building up experience in the process . Fallout 2 , on the other hand , is very difficult . Creatures are so tough at first that survival becomes a challenge unto itself . Guns or body armor would be helpful , but there are none to be found . The storyline , and character survival , are so intertwined that striking off in any direction , alone , is certain death . Experience points come very , very slowly . Crippling injuries are common . Because it 's part of the Fallout genre I give it 2 stars , but it really deserves only one star .
 Its graphics and sound are lackluster . Its manual is overly long and poorly written . The gameplay is far from fun or enjoyable . I would have to guess that those who really liked this game have not played other truly good games on the Macintosh . There are plenty of other similar games for the Mac that are much better than this one . I got it on sale for only $ 4 , yet consider it a regrettable waste of money .
 this game dos not run properly on os x 10.5.3 or later . video drivers are messed up so unless u like playing in half a screen and can deal with what could best be described as really low resolution predator heat vision i would pass on this one . besides fallout 3 will be out in a few months
 I 'm not surprised when an older game like this fails to run on a the newest hardware or OS versions.Just because it 's `` Mac OS X '' ready does n't mean that it works.More likely than not , it 's designed for Mac OS 9 , not `` X '' . For $ 20 , I was willing to try it . If installed OK , but after the first screen splash , there was no picture.That alone would not warrant me writing a review.What got my attention is that there is no more support for the distributor -LRB- MacPlay or Mumbo Jumbo -RRB- . I expected to find a patch or fix on a web site , but instead , the support people wrote back with : `` Unfortunately , we no longer support MacPlay titles . `` That is very unfortunate.I 've enjoyed a number of MacPlay titles and now , I wo n't buy another one.I recommend ASPIRE games instead -LRB- the `` Call of Duty '' series are great , still supported , and have patches or workaround available -RRB- . For these obsolete games , I pass them on to my nephew , who is still running an older Mac with Classic -LRB- Mac OS 9 -RRB- . I had to wait a while until he was old enough for these Mature games.I ONLY WISH AMAZON WAS MORE EXPLICIT AN CAREFUL ABOUT LISTING GAMES THAT ARE TECHNICALLY OBSOLETE .
 If this game had been released for the Mac 2 - 3 years ago then I might be in a position to recommend it . I think the game is terribly dated in terms of looks and game play . As far as a RPG it is pretty good , there is lots of story and character development and the turn based attack system works well . However that does n't make up for its shortcomings . My biggest complaints are the graphics and the interface . On my computer -LRB- G4 533 w/GeForce2 MX card -RRB- the graphics are very grainy and pixilated . This may not bother some people , but to me it made game play very unpleasant . The interface makes it hard to move your character and interact with the environment , such as picking up objects . I wanted to like this game because the original was a trendsetter , but I feel that this release is too dated given the quality of games available now .
 I had so hoped this would work with Windows 7 , but it does n't . Do n't buy it unless you have a dinosaur of a computer still around . Sad , because my son loved this game and wanted to play it again .
 Our family loves this game , but due to the computer differences since this game was produced , we are unable to use it
 I recently purchased Where In The USA is Carmen Sandiego -LRB- Broderbund -RRB- and it will run for a short time on my Windows XP and then it freezes up . I installed , uninstalled and reinstalled the game several times . I tried using the full install and the partial install . I tried it with my D drive and my E drive . I tried leaving the disc in the drive , and not leaving the disc in the drive when I was trying to play the game . It still wo n't work.Where in the USA is Carmen Sandiego ?
 I 'll start this review by addressing the point that is near the top of almost every gamers list
 I was hoping Soldier Of Fortune 2 would be as great as Return to Castle Wolfenstein or Medal of Honor
 I had ENORMOUS expectations for this game . I 've played EVERY RPG now that you can think of , even planescape and divinity as well as bigger names like Baldur 's Gate . I have to be honest , if you 're going to buy a game for a Mac , I 'd buy Baldur 's Gate.Here 's What I Liked : Fallout is definitely the first of its kind , groundbreaking , really , and respect should be given where it 's due . It really birthed a great generation of game making . There are many places with many different outcomes . I personally enjoy the gameplay graphics , although some might consider them antiquated . Fighting is relatively fun , more towards the end especially . This game also runs WAY better on a mac now than it does on XP and Vista . Oh and do n't forget if you have the Leopard OS you need to download the 256-bit color driver which was recently deleted for being obsolete.What I Did n't Like : The user interface is terrible ! It 's clunky and makes the flow of the game very slow . Turn-based fighting in THIS game is REALLY slow ; you can run during combat , but your enemies walk ... slowly ... Come on Temple of Elemental Evil and Arcanum both had great quick turn based fighting systems . Another thing , a LOT of skills are just plain useless and are unbalanced . For instance , you can use your repair , science , first aid , and other skills with almost NO skill points in them and most skills have books you can buy to increase them -LRB- you end up accumulating an obscene amount of wealth with nothing to spend it on -RRB- . The bugs in this game are numerous and widespread and many times -LRB- for side quests -RRB- you 're left with little to no information about what to do . Your journal -LRB- `` Pip Boy '' -RRB- contains very little information , with quest descriptions like `` Kill gang member . '' Profound and unhelpful , when I 'm trying to figure out who in town I 'm trying to kill . Also , the world is just small compared to other similar games like Baldur 's Gate . And do n't get me started on side quest bugs , they have very strange triggers and can cause strange problems with dialogues and quest completion if you wind up completing certain quests without receiving them on accident . There are very few `` Oh you already did that ? '' dialogue lines . And opening doors is not a quick animation . You have to fiddle with the door to open it.Overall , the game was a pioneer and was is the key word there . The games that came just after it were worlds better go check out Baldur 's Gate , Planescape
 I was so excited to get this four pack of games for my 3 year old son . We have the Reader Rabbit Toddler game and he has outgrown it , so i was excited to give him something new to challenge him and move him closer to being able to read . Unfortunately , we ended up returning this item for a full refund on the same day that we received it.We have Windows 7 ... these games were created a long time ago and are not compatible with our current operating system . My husband is extremely computer savvy , builds our computers from parts and does some programming . He could not even get two of these games run properly.The one game that we WERE able to install and run was the Reader Rabbit game . I played Reader Rabbit as a kid myself , and as i 've mentioned , my son already has played the Toddler version and loved it . So i was shocked at how awful this Reade Rabbit is . The interface is horrible , it takes a LOT of clicking and waiting , clicking and waiting to even get to the games , and the `` paths '' to the games are not intuitive enough for my son to do on his own , meaning i have to stand over his shoulder the whole time . Once you DO get to the games most of them are either not fun or too difficult to figure out . I was sitting right there with him and i had trouble understanding some of the games , so how is my 3-year-old supposed to ?? I actually have several other complaints about this product , but i think i 've made my point . DO NOT waste your time or money on this package deal - you get what you pay for , so if $ 12 for 4 games seems too good to be true ... . IT IS !
 The game fails to meet the mark on multiple levels
 Unfortunately , this game does not offer `` Total Immersion '' , or what the box says.First off , I 'm still trying to figure out how to get 24 cars on the track at the same time -LRB- I 've only managed 18 -RRB- , perhaps that is something I need to unlock.To me , `` immersion '' indicates simulation . Why ? It means something that makes you feel like you are actually there , to immerse yourself into the virtual world.There are really no crashes , no car damage -LRB- That i 've managed to find yet ???? -RRB- , and the graphics really are n't really all that pretty compared to some other games.I suppose if you are a fan of Sports Car GT , or Test Drive Lemans/24 Hours of Lemans , then this game should fit the next step up in gaming.But if you are like me , and in desperate want of an actual immersed racing experience , walk away ... quickly .
 Thius game is very unrealistic . If you are a serious racing simulation fan , it is a waste of your money!Graphics are ok , control is awful , car response is unrealistic . Sick with Grand Prix III .
 I am disappointed that the description never once mentions that you need the old Mac OS9 for this in order to play it . This games does not work with modern operating systems . If you have something at least 15 years old , you can play this . Other than that , you will waste your money .
 All I can say about this game is that it literally put me to sleep .
 First of all , it 's by Dreamcatcher , your first clue its going to suck ! Secondly it sucks ! Thankfully , I saw this in the $ 1.99 bin which is about all the enjoyment you 'll find here . The game is also impossible without a walkthrough , it really that bad ! Wait until someone gives it away
 This CD-Rom really stinks . the only thing that I tolerate is the Soduku puzzles , other than that the other games are cheap , graphically or otherwise .
 The same story gets boring after awhile reapeating itself over and over again . That 's excatly what what Pokemon is . Just a simple reapeat of itself . When they came out with Gold and Silver they had a whole new world . Now just besides better Graphics and A tiny new twist this is just a boring game . : -LRB-
 For somebody who enjoyed Y , I found this game pretty dull . Being male , the new female character did n't affect me at all , so that addition ... . The slight animation was n't that amazing , but a nice little extra . Y was considerably better since it was more different from R and B than Crystal is from G and S . At least in Y the Gym Leaders were different . Being a major Pokefan I must give this game some credit . If you really , really love Pokemon you 'll probably be pleased with the little add-ons . Happy Gaming !
 Pok&eacute;mon Crystal is basically just Gold and Silver with new features . If you played Gold or Silver before , I reccomend that you do n't get it . But if you have n't owned Gold or Silver , buy it . Nintendo also took out good features that are in the Japanese version -LRB- ex . catching a LV . 30 Celebi at the forest after Azelea Town -RRB- . Besides , after you beat it , it will start to get boring , and eventually you will stop for a while.To sum it up
 I purchased this game thinking it would be the best purchase ever . but the day i got it i tried it out , had my fun and I saved and turned off my Gameboy . Then the next day i turn it back on to find that i had no save file . then i looked at the game cartridge and it had no save battery . i expected a save battery . i regret buying this $ 30 game , that i would 've got for cheaper somewhere else and with a save battery .
 Come on people how many pokemon games have we been through aleready . Besides It 's almost the same as pokemon gold and silver . My advice to you is to rent it before you buy it . The graphics are good but the sound is n't so good . If you have pokemon gold and silver it 's almost the same as that so just do n't buy it it stinks .
 man , let me tell you something . For all those pokemon nuts who have 10 posters of Pikachu or 3 Jiggleypuff plush dolls , u should get this . If you already own Gold or Silver , do n't bother . I 'll admit , u can be either a boy or girl , they made each pokemon move once during a battle , the color 's better and the pokemon Tower was added . Other then that , it 's not really worth it . It 's just the same . Do not buy it if you own Silver or Gold .
 If you want to throw away thirty dollars heres the anwser . No new pokemon at all ? Thats super -LSB- bad -RSB- right there .
 This game does n't save . And my worst purchase on here . Someone should n't sell something that does n't work . My son was upset ...
 THis game is -LSB- junk -RSB- you do n't get anything new just being a boy or a girl.The plot is the same as before and no new pokemon just the same 250 ! Buying this game is a waste of money , but if you want lugia or houhou just buy gold or silver.Both games are the same and being a master neither game tells a new tail ... . Thats my opinion so if your a master do n't be fooled it 's a waste of time ! thanks , Deathsythe06
 Pokemon Crystal is wasting your money . I do n't have this game but I do n't even want to buy it . I mean iv ' e already gotten Pokemon Gold . I already beat Pokemon Gold and it 's where it came from -LRB- The Box with instructions and everything ! -RRB- . Pokemon Crystal is the same Pokemon Gold game with a different name and some little changes . The only thing changed about Crystal is that there 's a female character , a new intro , different pokemon locations , and new animations . So why bother buying this piece of ... when youv ' e already got Gold -LRB- or Silver -RRB- and probably got tired of it . If you get tired of Gold or Silver then this is going to tire you out quicker ! Why ca n't they make a better Pokemon game even if Pokemon sucks already . They should make a better Pokemon game where you would n't be able to beat it that quick and that would be harder . They should make one like Yellow where Pikachu would be following Ash around all the time but when you would beat Misty and Brock they would also follow you and at least help you with Team Rocket or something . This game might impress younger kids quicker but does n't impress me . Then they also come out with the Game Boy Color bundle that comes with this stupid ... game . Why if we already have a Game Boy Color huh ? . I 'd rather buy the other Game boy Color Bundle 's that Iv ' e seen come with two games ... . Or buy a Game boy Advance which is better . Lots of kids are gon na want one of those this christmas !
 Where in the is my order ???????????????????
 pokemon is old and this stinks what is the point of having it anyway stupid pokemon delayed and cancelled EarthBound 64 ! now doesent that stink yes no . is you said no you have no taste
 Well the reason for 1 star is because I have n't played it before.But I heard that It 's a must buy !
 The original game cartridge purchased would not save the progress . It was returned and replaced by seller -LRB- Lukie Games , Inc. -RRB- . Replacement game cartridge also would not save game progress . This game cartridge has faulty or dead save battery .
 my son hates it . i got it for him a couple of days ago and he got bored with it the first day !
 This game ... it has the same stuff as gold and silver it 's not worth buying !
 it totally suxz if u have gold or silver games
 Oddly enough , this game seemed like a great big advertisement for itself . Why it would advertise for itself , I do n't know , but that 's what it was doing . I 'm amazed that people , even small children , would be so receptive to self-love on this level , but , then again , I 've been amazed before.I 'm sorry for those who think that this game is the height of entertainment . I assure you that there is more out there .
 I really hate it when i spend 40 bucks on a game that says has a working internal battery that dosnt have a working internal battery . Not just that but repairing it was a bitch and the new battery will fall out of place sometimes and erase my game again . Waste of money .
 The game has a battery inside , if you buy a used one and the seller did n't replace battery inside , it 's very hard to open it and change the battery .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old son , who loves to watch Pokemon on T.V. . After about a week of him not showing much interest in the game , I tried to play it myself . This game requires the child to know how to read . I had no idea the game required reading . I bought him a new game that does not require reading , and he plays with his gameboy advance daily . It may be a great game , but he wo n't know until after he learns to read sometime in the next year or so .
 i got this game hoping it would be like the board game / card game I played as a child but i found it actually very dull and boring the board/card game is much more enjoyable to play , i suggjest you either sell it or trade it for another game , it 's just not worth owning if you have it .
 I ended up having to buy the `` long distance '' Wii wireless sensor bar even though my TV is only 7 ' -8 ' from the TV . This thing only worked well inside 5 ' . Boo .
 Though not completely useless , this item has done little to improve my cooking . I like how the technology allows you to change the proportion of your measurements . However , I do n't like the recipes and the look and feel of the product is quite dated .
 EA should take the Cinematic cameras in Return of the King , and shove them up their ??? . They only succeed in hindering game play . This is purely a ` reflex ' fighting game , with strategy thrown out the window . Nothing more.Forget the so-called ` Combos ' and special moves ... they are not only frustrating to use , but totally worthless in combat.The only reason I award it the score I did was for the excellent graphics , soundtrack and cinematics . The rest of the game is worthless.Fortunately for me , I bought the game as a ` pre-owned ' title at a local store , at a drastically discounted price . I 'm sure glad I did n't buy it new at full price.Save your money for The Third Age .
 The program installed easily and had nice graphics . But I felt the games were too focused upon earning `` points '' and pushed the child to finish one task and go onto the next . Make sure your child has advanced mouse skills because some of the games are quite difficult , even at level 1 .
 Wish I had looked more closely at the product specs . The PC version requires Quicktime 5 installation which , in turn , requires web access -LRB- control -RRB- . There was no getting past the last installation screen that requires ALL of Quicktime or none at all . I do n't want or need more bloat on my computer . I 've had no end of conflicts and trouble with Quicktime in the past and not willing to risk it now .
 We bought the game before the new computer , and it will not load . This was a big dissapointment for our little one because he wanted to play games .
 I will be returning this controller because there is a problem with it . It quits working in the middle of playing with it . It works for a while then it quits and works agian for a while then quits . I bought three different ones and this is the only one I am having trouble with .
 This has got to be one of the most boring movies ever made . It was pointless and stupid . Not only that , but it ripped off other movies.The virus gets out . How ? Some people let the animals out and it begins infecting people . Remind us of something ? cough *** Resident Evil *** cough . Not only that , but Jim wakes up in a hospital all by himself . What does that remind us of ? cough *** Resident Evil Movie *** cough . Then the rest of the movie rips off Day of the Dead28 Days Later-1 . -RRB- Jim shouting `` Hello . '' to the in the empty city .2 . -RRB- Tough chick .3 . -RRB- Crazy Military Men .4 . -RRB- Military men wanting sex with women .5 . -RRB- 3 survivors .6 . -RRB- Weak Man .7 . -RRB- Happy ending .8 . -RRB- Using infected to teach people about infected .9 . -RRB- Jim escaping .10 . -RRB- Jim letting infected in .11 . -RRB- Leader of military getting killed by infected being used to teach people about infected while survivors leave .12 . -RRB- Bad dream .13 . -RRB- Talks about god and mankind.Day of the Dead-1 . -RRB- Miguel shouting , `` Hello . '' in the city .2 . -RRB- Tough chick .3 . -RRB- Crazy Military Men .4 . -RRB- Military men wanting sex with Sarah .5 . -RRB- 3 survivors .6 . -RRB- Weak soldier .7 . -RRB- Happy ending .8 . -RRB- Using zombies to learn about the zombies .9 . -RRB- Miguel escaping .10 . -RRB- Miguel letting zombies in .11 . -RRB- Leader of military getting shot by Bub while survivors escape .12 . -RRB- Bad dreams .13 . -RRB- Talks about god and mankind.Hmmm ... Now some people did n't know this and decided to back it up by saying it was inspired . cough *** Matt P. *** cough . But it is not inspired . It is a complete rip off.There are people who say this is better than the remake of Dawn . How ? This was crap . The remake of Dawn and this movie hardly had anthing in common . Name 13 things that Dawn of the Dead 2004 , and 28 Days Later had in common , and they better be good.So this movie is crap . Shaun of the Dead is the U.K. 's next big thing , and that looks stupid too .
 I wish I read the reviews before I bought this , The blu ray quality is worse than most dvd quality movies I 've seen . I thought it was an issue with my TV but I tried on 3 different set ups and all looked horrible . Do not buy the blu ray version !!!!
 Do not buy the Blu-Ray version of this movie ! The film quality is so terrible you gain nothing from having the blu-ray ... save your money and get the DVD of this movie
 I wonder why `` 28 Days Later '' is proclaimed a groundbreaking take on zombie horror . Could it be because it offers neither zombies nor much horror ? Granted , the rage infected living are the closest equivalent to real zombies . Unfortunately , they play just a minor role.The movie has only a few scenes that are moderately scary , but short-lived and all over before something truly frightening would ever happen.More often the film is tedious.And contrary to what you might have heard there is nothing new here.After the main characters meet the soldiers it 's getting worse , much worse . It 's as though that second part belongs to a totally different film -LRB- one I definitely would n't want to see -RRB- . Oh , and regarding the social commentary ... blah , blah , blah ... I 'm not impressed - it 's nothing new under the sun , either.You may think a 1 star rating a bit harsh , but it equals my huge disappointment with this so-called `` horror '' movie .
 How uninspiringly unoriginal . So , the movie dares you to imagine - what if there was a gloabal epidemic -LRB- and spread by apes , to boot -RRB- ? I 'm floored . Such genius ! What a diabolically ingeneous directorial concoction ! -LRB- Oh , btw , any coincidence to the decades-long AIDS pandemic supposedly spread by human contact with Rhesus monkeys is purely coincindental . -RRB- That 's pretty much what the movie is about . England is hit by monkey fever . Cities sprawl citizenless . Dead line the gutters . Everybody is evacuated . Wherever to ? How ? Which other country rolled out the red carpet for this seething mass with its baggage of potential human extinction ? Ah , these are but minutiae , utterly trivial and irrelevant beneath the grandly sweeping brush of our director.The infected undead -LRB- aka zombies -RRB- run amuck . You would do well to hack them to bits , because that is all this movie has got going for it . But pray tell , how do I tell a zombie from a good guy , before I merrily bludgeon him to a pulp ? By their penchant for bulging red contact lenses , that 's how . What 's the matter with you ? Never seen a real zombie movie before?And so it meanders on . After the ape-holocaust , Jim meets Selena . Jim and Selena meet little girl and dad . Dad does n't have his red contact lenses yet , and so the merry band wanders around looking for zombies to chop to bits . They run into bunch of soldiers . Soldiers are horny , and want women . Women do n't want soldiers . Women only want to kill more zombies . Dad finally finds his contacts and tries them on , and would do a zombie proud . Hack , Hack , hack . Not any more.Let 's see . . hack , hack , hack some more , and presto - the convoy of soldiers is history . Hack , hack , hack , and liberating airplane flies directly overhead . Wave , wave , wave , and make arrangements for helicopter airlift.The end.The tag line on the DVD says `` Scariest movie since The Exorcist '' . `` Truly terrifying '' . `` Chilling '' . Etc. . If I were a zombie , I 'd agree . I 'd be truly chilled , terrified , horrified and apalled that my lot had been so completely trivialized by such dire lack of imagination . Zombies all over the world would hang their collective heads in shame , and realize that something more horrifying than the walking undead was on the loose - movie directors possessed of just one buttock .
 First let me state that I 'm not a zombie horror fan , I just thought this movie looked scary and decided to check it out . Much to my disappointment , I am sorry I bought it !! What a waste . From what I can remember -LRB- it was so boring to me it 's hard to -RRB- , it starts out eerie , which was cool , but it becomes so dull and loses all point half way through the movie . It 's hard to stay interested in what happens to the people involved . One thing I liked about it was that the zombies were fast , but instead of looking scary , I just thought they looked funny . This movie was also way too long . I fell asleep in both sittings of trying to watch it . So take my advice , do not buy this movie UNLESS you KNOW you will like it . Maybe I just do n't like this kind of movie , but either way , I would not watch it again if you payed me .
 Where can I begin to describe how awful this movie really is ? First let me state that I am a HUGE fan of zombie movies . Day Of The Dead ? Great movie ! Dawn of the Dead ? Great movie ... both versions ! This movie ... . well , suffice to say that Danny Boyle apparently is n't so much as a pimple on the ass of the great George Romero , or Sam Raimi , or any other great horror director for that matter . While the initial idea of the movie is scary and the previews made it out to look terrifying , the plot is so disjointed , drawn out , chatty , and utterly stupid that any potential shown in the first ten minutes is quickly shot to hell . Did I hate this movie ? Yes . Would I rather snort shards of glass than to ever watch it again ? Maybe not , but it was still an utter waste of my time . I feel stupider for having seen it .
 A terrible , terrible movie . Honestly , the only thing this movie has going for it is the cool cover art . I admit the plot is kinda interesting , but the dull characters , unconvincing zombies -LRB- the `` Infected '' -RRB- and utter lack of fright factor bury this movie . The only scary part is in the beginning , and it has NOTHING to do with zombies , or the movie . Its a random thing that happens . Overall , the storyline was hard to follow , the characters were dull and uninteresting , and it was basically one of those movies you watch just because you 're interested to know how the director/writer decided to end this piece of garbage . Avoid at all costs , unless you 're a rabid zombie/horror movie fan , in that case rent it nothing more .
 The blu-ray look exactly like it did in theaters . I bought this for $ 6 at Safeway -LRB- improperly tagged -RRB- or I would not have picked it up . I was filmed on SD Camcorder with no HD or way to upgrade it whatsoever . It might as well have been filmed with the same gear used in the '50s . It looks like the DVD , not better no worse . Buy the DVD unless you are an audiophile .
 Well , I thought the movie had a great and original storyline but I was not to fond with the acting and filming . In all honesty , the only good thing about this DVD is the movie 's storyline and that is it , I just ca n't say more . You may want to give it a look . . but do n't expect much .
 In the beginning of the film , the audience finds out that the infection in the laboratory monkeys is caused by rage . This leads the audience to believe that the movie will convey rage and its effects on human beings , thus making people compare the movie 's reality to that of their own . -LRB- Basically , people will be forced to look at their own lives and see how they need to change in order to make this world a better place . You would think this is another one of those `` wake up and smell the coffee movies '' that would try to get people to change their destructive behavoior . -RRB- This movie does NOT deliver this message however . Even if it tried to , the movie was just too violent and gruesome . Realities of the world can be shown in a smart , non-violent manner as well .28 Days Later delivers no strong message -LRB- s -RRB- to the audience and is just another waste of film and money .
 I give this `` 1 '' star , if I could give it less I would , one of the most boring movies I 've seen . And on top of that the DVD quality is very poor , I would compare it to watching a VHS tape.Watching this movie was a waste of time .
 This is not a zombie movie for those of you that think it is . It is about a monkey infected with rage being set free by some green peace type activists . First of all , if there is nudity in a movie it should not be a man ! Through out this entire movie people ran from infected people who can now run faster than a speeding train , and leap small buildings in a single bound . The killings where awefull ! It was that type of stobe light type death . I actually walked out of this movie . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME . THIS IS NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE ! subtract one star from my rating .
 It started out pretty good , but quickly went downhill . By the time it ended , this movie truly sucked . Do not waste your time on this . If you rent it I 'll guarantee you 'll shut it off half way through . If you buy it , you 'll sit and suffer as you watch the whole thing through . I mean you bought it so you HAVE to watch it right ? The story sucked , the soldiers sucked , and the ending REALLY sucked.Check out the special features . The alternative ending is a hoot . It 's not an alternative ending , it 's an alternative movie . They had no idea where the hell they were going with this . Just a bad bad bad movie . Terrible in every way .
 whoever decided to make a low budget movie and thought it would make alot of movie quick , was very correct ... this movie was promoted to be , scarier than the ring . It dindt even come close . This movie sucked so much , i left the theatre and demanded my money back , before i got a hour in to the movie ... i think the producer and director should never make a movie again ... if i could give this movie no stars on this review , i would give it negotive 10 stars ...
 28 days later is without a doubt the worst movie ever made , evenin britain or america . it is a libelious rip of the '' night of the living dead , dawn of the dead , and day of the dead '' trilogy that i am surprised george romero did n't sue for copyright infringement . but then again '' 28 days later '' was such an awful film beyond anyone 's comprehension that he did n't have to sue . no this film pretty much speaks for it 's awful . horrible scripting , horrible acting , slowpacing self.The film 's plot is that virus -LRB- yes like night of the living dead and romero 's flick '' the crazies '' -RRB- has infected many area of the uk . jim -LRB- cillian murphy -RRB- is apparently the only dumb smuck not infected along with a girl named selena -LRB- naomi harris -RRB- . well from here on out these two dimwits and their friend mark now fight of zombies i mean rage people with bats and a machete . lolIn order for the idiotic danny boyle to not appear as he is copying romero -LRB- which he does anyway -RRB- , he invents a new plot in middle . see the virus infects people and takes over within 30 seconds , whereas romero 's zombies start reacting after an hour or so of being dead.we get some shots of london and manchester but those shots didnt matter as the film is a mess . not even an entertaining mess , its just plain doggy doo.There is another rip of '' dawn of the dawn '' when jim , selena and their new friends frank and hannah , scourged and plunger an abandonded supermarket to their hearts contents . this is reminiscent of the abandonded shopping plaza where the '' survivors '' exploit the plaza while the zombies on the outside are trying to get in . what a rip . another scenes that rips of romero is where boyle for shock value has a young boy who has the disease attack jim . the scene ends with jim getting a baseball bat and killing the boy . this wasa bit of copy of the dead films like the first one where we see the first zombie girl in a zombie movie -LRB- the girl kills her mothers , then girl is killed herself -RRB- . Well the copying of Romero does n't end there because Jim and others find a military complex which is really an abandonded plaza where Major West -LRB- Christopher Eccleston -RRB- , an arrogant military commander attacks the rage people.Well the rip here is that West like Dr. Logan -LRB- from Day -RRB- has a zombie , I mean rage person on a leach trying to the dead thing new tricks . LOL My god as you can very well see '' 28 Days Later '' is a such rip of the great Romero it ai n't funny . However , it 's such a poor ripoff of the work of Romero that the movie fails at every level.There is hardly any suspense , until the last 10 minutes , the characters are horrible including Jim who by God is one of the ugliest actors I 've seen . The ending is cheesy and dumb.Mr . Cillian Murphy and others do such a poor job of acting that it 's hard to fathom that this guy will play a big lead in the next Batman movie -LRB- '' Batman Begins '' -RRB- .
 Okay . . all the folks who panned the original Blair Witch Project now have a new , and in my opinion , far worthier target for their disdain . To its credit -LRB- whether you liked it or not -RRB- BWP does n't try to be any more than it is ... a low budget film with no real script and pretty much unknown actors.Sadly , 28 Days Later is exactly the same thing , only it was promoted as the scariest movie since Exorcist and , otherwise , a `` brilliant and visionary '' film . . Visionary ? I think not.Here 's what I saw : A plot that , as correctly mentioned in other reviews , has been done before , many times and much better . As a side note , a friend told me that 28 Days Later is `` what Resident Evil , the movie , should have been . '' After seeing both , I can say that I disagree 120 % with that analysis . I do n't consider Resident Evil to be the pinnacle of horror movies ... but it 's * much * better done than 28DL ... atleast the zombies actually acted like * zombies * ... but I 'll get to that . Suffice it to say . . 28 Days Later is , in my opinion , nothing more than another `` me-too '' zombie horror flick with the whole , obligatory `` this is what happens when you mess with Mother Nature '' moral built in.Scary . Ha!If a bunch of people wearing orange/red contacts , doused with fake blood who are running around screaming and vomiting up mouths full of more fake blood on their victims , who then - only seconds later - turn into exactly the same blood-spitting screaming and raving lunatic is what you consider scary . . then this movie is for you.Suspenseful or Disturbing?The only part that got any kind of an emotional response out of me is when one of the survivors is brutally hacked down by one their own ... I chuckled at that.There were a couple other parts that I could * tell * were engineered to yield an emotional reaction . . they just did n't . All in all ... this is a very weak piece of movie-making that , for me anyway , failed to live up to any of what it promised .
 ZOMBIES , stupor letdown , -LSB- horror by COMITEE -RSB- -LSB- MAKE A BUCK -LSB- , film CONSULTANTS , despair ... -LSB- FROM ONCE cutting edge ; QUIRKY -RSB- directorANOMONOUS , . . TURNEDhollywood b movie BLAND , BOTTOM LINE THIS FILM LACKS FOCUS , ITS RARE MOMENTS OF QUIRKINESS ARE DESTROYED , EVERYWHERE . . false PHONY COMMITEE turns , -LSB- TREADS THE TIRED THE WELL WORN -RSB- , TOO safe , familar , . . HEAVENS forbid , into FORMULA . . they could of made an original DARK DEPRESSING SCARY MOVIE HERE fitting the subject , ever notice , how the novelty of being alone , HERE IS TREATED AS A shallow GIMmICK , A QUIET NO ONE IS HOME CITY grave ANYMORE , SCARY TURNS PREDICtABLE , -LSB- THE HERO SHAVES -RSB- and HES PRENTABLE , and hes got beautiful clear blueLENSES FOR EYES , the ARMY BAD GUYS ... DumB men without women . . ; soon -LSB- PREMISE -RSB- TURN BESTIAL -LSB- CARNIVOROUS RABID UGLY HORNY \ , KINDA LIKE A METAPHOR , MORAL INFRINGEMENT -LSB- ON GORE AND VIOLENCE , TOO OBVIOUS WHOSE WORSE THEM OR US ? 28 DAYS LATTER YOU MIGHT JUST WAKE UP DeaD IN LOVE -LSB- DEJA VU -RSB- BUT WITH A HAPPY SAPPY , MAYBE its a DATE MOVIE , NO FEEDING
 28 days later is without a doubt the worst movie ever made , evenin britain or america . it is a libelious rip of the `` night of the living dead , dawn of the dead , and day of the dead '' trilogy that i am surprised george romero did n't sue for copyright infringement . but then again `` 28 days later '' was such an awful film beyond anyone 's comprehension that he did n't have to sue . no this film pretty much speaks for it 's awful . horrible scripting , horrible acting , slowpacing self.Its no wonder why most of the people who give this filmthumbs up are British . British people definitely arehard to figure out . Usually they have good taste butI cant fathom why would they praise garbage like thisespecially when it 's as unoriginal as a Friday the 13th sequel.Yet some of these film critics praise `` The Football Factory `` a violent look inside Football in the UK through a bunchof dsyfunctional fans.The film 's plot is that virus -LRB- yes like night of the living dead and romero 's flick `` the crazies '' -RRB- has infected many area of the uk . jim -LRB- cillian murphy -RRB- is apparently the only dumb smuck not infected along with a girl named selena -LRB- naomi harris -RRB- . well from here on out these two dimwits and their friend mark now fight of zombies i mean rage people with bats and a machete . lolIn order for the idiotic danny boyle to not appear as he is copying romero -LRB- which he does anyway -RRB- , he invents a new plot in middle . see the virus infects people and takes over within 30 seconds , whereas romero 's zombies start reacting after an hour or so of being dead.We get some shots of london and manchester but those shots didnt matter as the film is a mess . not even an entertaining mess , its just plain doggy doo.There is another rip of `` dawn of the dawn '' when jim , selena and their new friends frank and hannah , scourged and plunger an abandonded supermarket to their hearts contents . this is reminiscent of the abandonded shopping plaza where the `` survivors '' exploit the plaza while the zombies on the outside are trying to get in . what a rip . another scenes that rips of romero is where boyle for shock value has a young boy who has the disease attack jim . the scene ends with jim getting a baseball bat and killing the boy . this wasa bit of copy of the dead films like the first one where we see the first zombie girl in a zombie movie -LRB- the girl kills her mothers , then girl is killed herself -RRB- . Well the copying of Romero does n't end there because Jim and others find a military complex which is really an abandonded plaza where Major West -LRB- Christopher Eccleston -RRB- , an arrogant military commander attacks the rage people.Well the rip here is that West like Dr. Logan -LRB- from Day -RRB- has a zombie , I mean rage person on a leach trying to the dead thing new tricks . LOL My god as you can very well see `` 28 Days Later '' is a such rip of the great Romero it ai n't funny . However , it 's such a poor ripoff of the work of Romero that the movie fails at every level.There is hardly any suspense , until the last 10 minutes , the characters are horrible including Jim who by God is one of the ugliest actors I 've seen . The ending is cheesy and dumb.Mr . Cillian Murphy and others do such a poor job of acting that it 's hard to fathom that this guy will play a big lead in the next Batman movie -LRB- `` Batman Begins '' -RRB- . Do n't fall for the lies of the critics that say 28 Days Later is a good movie , it 's not , it 's horrible.I went to see this horrible ripoff with low expectations and I came away still in awe that such a bad movie could be made.There is no more to say or add to this review of `` 28 Days Later '' than to say it 's horrible , horribly done by a European director , and poses a black eye to any future horror directors from the UK.At least George Romero can still rest comfortably that his great work of the `` Dead '' trilogy will not be eclipsed by any wannabee horror directors anytime soon.I didnt mind the copying so much if the movie had a greatpayoff sadly it never does some people may bash this opinionbut it doesnt change the fact that its an awful film unworthyor your energy .
 *** POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD *** I remember when 28 DAYS LATER was in theaters . After about a month or so , the television ads were up to a full minute to a minute and a half long . They were packed with sterling reviews , thrilling speedy zombie cut scenes , and the promise of three possible endings ! A few friends of mine went to see the movie five times so that they could see all three . They were n't the only ones , either . A ton of my friends were quick to say things like , `` You , of all people , will love this movie ! '' Hype hype hype . If there is one thing I ca n't stand is every one and their grandmother telling me I have to see one particular movie . Given , hyped movies are either as good as or ruined by the hype and that ratio is hovering around 50 % . However , this movie falls into the latter . It was n't the worst movie ever -LRB- close , but at least it had a budget -RRB- , though right from the start I had issues . Now , I 'm down with the idea that some hippie , animal liberation bozos would end up destroying society , but the whole first scene was laughably bad . I will admit , the movie did started becoming promising , but only to rot away and FAST ! I personally do n't see how this movie is any different than DAWN OF THE DEAD other than the fact that DAWN was a criticism on consumerism and 28 DAYS was a commentary on ... sex ? ... I think . `` Soldiers are horny '' seems to be this movie 's overall message , or at least `` the apocalypse will make men do morally ambiguous things to satisfy their libido . '' Thanks . I think all of us zombie fanatics could have figured that one out on our own . In the end , this is just the arrogant sods that brought us that sterling example of cinema THE BEACH -LRB- and the director who , in my opinion , butchered Irvine Welch 's novel TRAINSPOTTING -RRB- exposing a trite taboo . I 've seen some trashy zombie films in my day , but at least none of them took themselves so horrendously serious.I 've been reading the glowing reviews of this movie , and I 'm a bit perplexed by some of them . I 've read that it plainly deals with the hopelessness of the situation ... as if DAWN or even RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD did n't . There 's nothing particularly special about this movie.Talking about RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD , I think it 's total bull to declare 28 DAYS as the introduction of the `` Fast Zombie . '' There were plenty of zombies running around in RETURN and ROTLD PART 2 . How about the scene when all the zombies bum rush the cops ? There are two separate scenes of zombies bum rushing cops in ROTLD , and another one when they take out the paramedics ! So what , we should give credit to 28 DAYS because some of the zombies were superhumanly fast ? We should give it full marks for making them faster ? Please.Also , I 've read that the movie 's landmark because it does n't rely on violence . Instead it relies on changing a tire really really quickly so the stampeding herd of zombies do n't infect you . Come on ! This is supposed to be tension ? It was like watching NASCAR ! I did n't hate this movie because it lacked gunfire or bombs . I hated this movie because it was a boring , watered down rip-off with the moral rudder of a prudish eighth grade girl . Besides lacking action , it also lacked any semblance of suspense , drama , or intrigue . Oh , and how about calling the disease `` Rage ? '' How hokey can you possibly get?I will say that the sequel looks interesting , not that I 'm going to pay theater prices to see it , but I will definitely give it a try on DVD . As for the predecessor , I 'll just leave it for the monkeys .
 I 'm not sure why this movie did so well in theaters . Perhaps this was more of an indication of a hunger for movies that are not remakes of older movies/comic books/tv shows than of this movie 's quality . But this movie has nothing new to offer and is a typical doomsday flick with a little zombie action thrown in for thrills . It is based on the silly premise that the `` rage '' virus is transmitted through body fluids and within 10-20 seconds turns the infected person into a violent maniac . Of course , the infected are not so violent that they ca n't act together in chasing down and killing the noninfected . Its funny how they never attack each other-how convenient . Many others have stated that this movie is scary , but it is not . In fact it is quite boring and the cheap scares are entirely predictable and cliched . There is really not enough substance to justify a full-length movie . Really , how long does it take to tell us about a few people driving across England to meet up with other survivors ? The story is stretched out and seems like it was written while shooting , which is further confirmed by the 3 different endings presented on the DVD . Much like the Blair Witch Project , this movie is unpolished , and rather dull . The only positive is that the acting was well done . I would not bother seeing this flick .
 Je vien de terminer ce supposer film de Zombie hyperactif . Moi jai pas super acrocher comme pour la plupart d'entre vous , l'id &eacute; de d&eacute;part me semblais bien mais pas tres original quand on compare a Romero . Le film semble nous mener nul part , discourt inutil par si par , la music est foutrement mauvaise ce qui tourne le film quasi ridicule et quand au effets gore aucune ne sont r&eacute;ussi , ca ce passe trop vite on a pas le temp de rien voir . Quelques id&eacute;es on &eacute;t&eacute; emprunter a Romero , je dirait meme copier comme quand on peut voir la scene du pillage dans l' &eacute;picerie . qui me fait rappeller une scene culte de Dawn of the dead dans le Mall . je m ` attendais a voir du Zombie ce fesant flinguer ce qui est tres rar . On peut voir une fin alternative ou Jim meurt apres l'operation . Apart ca rien de bon dans ce film , &Agrave; conseiller au fan de film r&eacute;cent peut-etre , rien a voir avec les bon vieux classic de Zombie , Pr&eacute;f&eacute;r&eacute; le remake de Dawn of the dead pour du cinema r&eacute;cent .
 My 11 year old son kept bugging me to see this movie . I belong to netflix , so told him it was in the line up . He just could n't wait . Now , as a mom , I find it hard to keep up on ALL the movies `` big boys '' think they want to see . I am usually good at weeding them out . So , I figured , `` well , if he does n't like it , me & my husband might '' NOT !! WRONG !! This was not only visually & emotionally disturbing , but looked like high school drama majors filmed it . Most of the time , movies dont show acts of violence aimed at children , being loaded with zombie viruses or not ! I wont give it away , some people go for this , but the opening scences were so dang creepy - I was like `` Only the British could show that & not be offended ''
 OKAY , IF I COULD I 'D GIVE THIS MOVIE 0 STARS ! THIS MOVIE SUCKED , AND I HATED IT ! The storyline was stupid , and the actors sucked . The movie was BORING with a capital B. Nothing made sense , and it was stupid .
 I really enjoyed this film and recommend it . However , the plot has one major , glaring flaw which pretty much flies in the face of what it means to be human.I ca n't believe the women did n't go along with the soldiers ' plan . They would have been protected , fed , sheltered and guaranteed to have offspring . If they had just a bit of smarts they could have spun that situation so that they enjoyed a somewhat powerful , comfortable position in a world gone to hell . Instead they chose to face the continued , exhausting threat of being eaten by pseudo-zombies . In general , people will do anything to survive and Selena says as much early on . Even if it means having servicing someone they do n't particularly like . Carnal , unromantic , and harsh but a biological reality none the less . We would n't be here now if it were n't . Other than this annoyance it is beautifully shot , the soundtrack suits it well and it is a fun watch .
 Folks , I am a huge horror / Zombie Movie Fan.However , This film seriosuly miss the bus on that one.I am not sure where to start .1 . Plot
 The movie begins in an animal testing lab where a group of animal rights activists attempt to free the monkeys that are imprisoned there . Just as they are about to release one , they are caught by a scientist who tells them that the monkeys have been infected with something called ` rage ' . The activists scoff at the scientist and set on monkey free . The minute that happens , the monkey immediately attacks a woman , infecting her with rage.Fast forward 28 days , and a man -LRB- Jim -RRB- wakes up in a hospital only to find himself completely alone . He leaves the hospital and sees that the streets are deserted as well . After a frantic search , he meets to survivors . Occasionally , they come across one of the undead and must kill them or else they stand to become infected themselves.This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The storyline was really slow and confusing . I 'm just thankful that I rented it and did n't shell out money to see it in the theatre .
 Do not bother . This movie has nothing to offer .
 The back of the DVD says the most horrifying movie since the Exorcist !!! 3 alternate endings that will haunt you !! I had to make sure I had the right movie . I 've seen scarier episodes of Scooby Doo !! The producers and directors of this must have paid off the reviewers for this film . There was not a SINGLE scary moment in this entire film . Save your time and money . If you do watch this , believe me , you 'll be sitting in awe wondering what the heck all of the hype was surrounding this overblown waste of time .
 Okay , to start this off , this movie was so boring it is not even funny . There were some -LRB- emphasis on the some -RRB- O.K. parts , but overall , it bored me to death . I could n't wait for it to end !!! And the ending was also horrible ! There was also absolutely no need to show Cillian Murphy naked ... . The zombies RAN , which zombies are supposed to not be able to do , and the people turn into zombies in ten seconds !!! Also not supposed to happen ! And the virus was spread by monkeys !!!! The movie was also very poorly filmed , like the movies Killjoy -LRB- another terrible movie -RRB- , Pumpkinhead -LRB- which was good -RRB- , and hellraiser . It was filmed as if it was directed and made in the 70 's ! Take my advice , if you want to go see a zombie flick , see Resident Evil 2 when it hits theaters ...
 I agree that the premise was great , and there were really good visual effects -LRB- e.g. , the empty English cities -RRB- , but I was expecting a movie that was going to SCARE me -LRB- that WAS the claim , remember ? -RRB- , or , at the least , be chock full of zombies and gore . On both of these it failed . This is the reason I think the movie stunk like rotting cheese you forgot at the bottom right corner of your refrigerator from seven months back.Bottom line
 This is the first review i write here , and i thought i must warn you buyers not to even rent this movie , it is the most boring movie ever !! it doese n't have any suspense or intelligent plot.Don ' t buy it please ...
 Based on a lot of great reviews , we rented this movie thinking we were in for a good old fashioned horror movie . Not ! It was a very boring movie , and actually quite silly . Not worth the time .
 The plot lies somewhere between `` Night of ther Living Dead '' and `` The Omega Man '' . ... except that `` Night of the Living Dead '' is a scary cult classic and this movie is n't scary and simply makes no sense . It is n't surprising they filmed two endings because this movie has no idea where it is going . Save your money .
 If you were looking for a HD experience keep looking . This bluray disc looks like it was created with a hazy motion blur version of flood fill in MS Paint.The movie is good , but it is truly hard to get past the terrible picture quality .
 This is a great movie , but it is irresponsible to market this at 1080 lines of resolution when it looks so terrible at that resolution . It 's okay if you watch it at , say , twice or more of the optimal viewing distance from your set . That is about eleven feet for a 42 '' - diagonal set , at 1080 lines . If you ca n't get that far away , you could incur permanent psychological damage from the bad video on this thing , you 'll hate the film if you have n't seen it before , and you 'll probably want to - and should - burn the disc so it ca n't hurt anyone else .
 This is awful . the bluray version no way near matches my other collection . . At first , i thought it was the blu ray player or the tv but those components are perfect . i am thinking the BD is defective , maybe i shall return it and get another one . DONT BUY THE BD VERSION ... Luckily i purchased it for 10.00 . . i think its worth only 5.00 .
 This might be the WORST blu ray release ever . Oh great and merciful Poseidon , please do n't let anyone buy this .
 28 Days later has a very cool and some what copycat way of how people are turned into zombies from the Resident Evil movies . If an uninfected person gets a drop of infected blood anywhere near a mucus membrane -LRB- eyes , mouth -RRB- . they will turn . this was about all I liked about this movie . for the most part this movie takes a long time to get to what I personally consider any thing good . the best part of this movie is at the end when the capture zombie is set loose and kills all of the army men who were acting like total jerks to the survivors . the way this movie was advertised I though there would have been more blood and gore and something that would keep my interest and instead what i got was a movie that took to long to get any non dark photos of the zombies .
 I bought this movie and its sequel ; both were highly recommended as `` really scary zombie flicks . '' The terms `` disappointed , '' `` bewildered , '' and `` angry at where my money went '' ca n't begin to say how much I hate this movie . It 's much too dark - ca n't see anything that 's going on . I 'm pretty good with accents , but I could n't understand what was being said . The infected were barely there , and when they were , it was fleeting and boring . The plotline was missing in non-action . I think that when the apocalypse comes , it will be in the form of having to survive watching this movie over and over and over ...
 This may not be a popular opinion , but this clearly is an over hyped , and disappointingly underwhelming movie . I mistakenly watched this because I love zombie movies and thought this was the newer `` 28 months later '' - a better movie compared to this turkey ... There are many reviews here that will go into the `` plot '' , which is simplistic even by zombie movie standards , so I 'll spare everyone the agony of reviewing that again , and simply say that if you really want to waste some time , have very low standards , and do n't mind bad acting with boring `` action '' , then rent this movie . On the other hand , if you 're interested in better , as in night and day , almost incomparably better , zombie movies , watch the Resident Evil movies , Night of the Living Dead -LRB- gritty -RRB- , and Shawn of the Dead which is a great parody of all zombie movies.We could n't get through it -LRB- some actually got up and left the room -RRB- . I was more stubborn and used the remote 's FF button to get through it faster . Two stars only because it was n't the worst movie I 've seen , but it is close , and I ca n't leave 1.5 stars ...
 The title of this review pretty much sums it up ... but lets not stop there . Never before have I seen a film where at the end of it I was actually ANGRY that I had sat through this uninspired pile of fesces . No joke ... I hope that the director of this movie gets dragged away by wolves or savagly murdered in front of all the horror fans in the world . Quite possibly the worst movie ever ... . EVER !!! i would rather sit down with every movie that Whoopi Goldberg has ever starred in and watch them in a 48 hour marathon than subject my poor eyes to this trivial garbage again . shame shame .
 THe premise of this film made me think that it would be interesting . Clearly , I was wrong . Animal activists , contagious virus , and end of the world scenario was not enough to save this film from ruin . While I ca n't pinpoint anything specifically that made this film wreak , I can say for one thing that I was bored pretty much throughout . It seemed to me that this film was simply a showcase for gore , violence , and red eyed zombie freaks , unless I 'm missing some deeper point . I certainly do n't think that there was a lesson to be learned . This film was also problematic in many respects , and unrealistic to say the least . I doubt there would truly be a happy ending as positioned in the film if there were an unstoppable global contagion . This film conveniently leaves too many questions unanswered . How did the fighter jet pilot survive ? Did a government organize itself to look for remaining survivors ? How come some infected died and others remained zombies ? If this film was positioned as a fantasy film it might be more understandable . But I do n't think that 28 Days Later is a fantasy film . In all , this film was terribly disappointing .
 Why did this movie rate such good reviews ? Not scary , just mundane .
 That is if you are scared of watching Scooby do , then you should definitely avoid this , Avoid this movie if you suffer from the following : - Faint HeartLoss of breathHallucinationsWeak StomachHigh Blood PressureLow Blood PressureGood TasteExpecting something GoodSuffer from disappointmentsHey get this was in the top 20 from 100 scariest moments . If you want to watch a real good movie then AVOID THIS -LRB- YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED -RRB-
 28 days is more of a psychological mish-mash of a suspense as oppossed to real horror , the so called zombies are nothing more than red eyed crazies , who barf and beat up their victims . -LRB- `` ooh scary , yeah right -RRB- days borrows heavly off of stephen king 's the stand , the omega man and even a scene from escape from ny where a cab crases over a pile of cars.the alternate endings and some deleted scenes were much scarier , especially the radical ending . how cool was that?compared to night of the living dead , lucio fulci 's spaghetti thriller ; ZOMBIE or even sony 's resident evil flick which had scarier zombies 28 days fails to impress .
 This movie was nothing but a vehicle to show Cillian Murphy nude . You 've read the other reviews and know the tired old over-used plot-line . The acting was incredulously bad . Cillian is actually smirking on camera when he 's supposed to be acting wildly crazed and lost and fearful . Jim -LRB- Ciliam Murphy -RRB- has a totally unbelievable reaction to deserted London . Patrons were walking out of the cinema before the movie had run 30 minutes . The slow , agonizing start to the movie blended into a boring , boring , tedious job , not an entertaining stunner . The only reason that I did n't join the patrons walking out was to sneak into the Terminator afterward . The supposed surprise ending -LRB- Jim sees something in the sky as he 's being stalked -RRB- is as anti-climactic as they get . The effects could n't be discerned because of the way they were shot so fast -- a symptom of a low budget flick trying to look like a block buster . The trailer is the most decieveing trailer I 've ever seen . Go see the Terminator instead if you want real entertainment !
 I bought this movie because i love zombie movies , and this one got great reviews . Dont be fooled , this is by far the worst movie ive seen in a VERY long time . The worst part is i probably never got past the first hour , even though it felt like i had been sitting there for an eternity . I just kept wondering when it was going to either pick up and turn into the amazing movie everyone claimed it was or finally come to an end . The characters -LRB- i cant remember their names , thats how bad of a movie this is -RRB- were badly under-developed -LRB- but perhaps they got more into that later im not sure -RRB- , and the dialogue was just awful . Nothing about this movie was the least bit surprising nor frightening . And the story moved along rather slowly . This movie is just a waste of money , i really regret buying it , so if you must see it , just rent it -LRB- although i dont even recomend that -RRB- . If its a decent zombie movie you want , watch resident evil , dont even bother with this one .
 This movie was n't scary at all ! I was so bored . Nobody I saw it with found it scary in any way either , so skip this load of crud . It is senseless gore and violence that does n't scare , disturb , or gross out people . Big waste of time and money .
 This movie was so pathetic I left the theatre after half the movie . It 's about monkey 's infected with `` rage '' by watching violence on television . Are we going to see a violent barney movie next ??
 I went to see this movie because I heard what most reviewers were saying . BIIIIIIG , HUUUUGE MISTAKE !!! Sometimes recycling classic themes is a great idea , so in theory Boyle 's interpretaion of a zombie movie would make a great example of recycling ... Not.Where is the tension ? Where is the suspense ? We know who is going to survive and who is going to get it from the first 15 minutes of the movie.Yes , we have , as we have in all movies made by Boyle , a great cinematographic composition but it doesnt stand out.This is suposed to be a scary movie ... And it might have been should Boyle had managed to put you in the players shoes , but that just doesnt happen.Since the plott is pretty obvious , you just dont care about the characters of the movie , you dont get simpathetic and you dont get scared.And I am not going to talk about history 's plausability here .
 Bro , seriously , how can anyone give this movie higher than one star ? The only reason it got one star from me is that i ca n't give it negative 2 stars . I wont bore you with details like this movie bored me but i will say just save your money . Do n't even rent this , if you really want to see it try to download it you will be glad you saved your money . To this very day this is still the absolutely worst movie i have ever seen in my life , not just horror movie the worst movie period .
 As I said in the title Harmful . Not very stimulating , fun and if you were expecting to hide behind the sofa just through that idea out of the window . Basically one man wakes up from hospital ` unharmed ' after a bomb has wiped out the everyone in England . Or so it seems . A few survivors are there to help but the rest are all mutants trying to eat their skin and so on.No plot.No stars.No good scenes.No sense.Don ' t waste good money . Try ` The Shining ' .
 Put it into kinder words . 28 Days Later makes the Blair Witch Project worthy of an oscar . Do n't even bother
 It was not good nor palatable.It 's something to be disregarded.Watch the original `` Resident Evil '' instead .
 I was deeply saddened and apalled that this director would have adult men attempting to rape and impregnate a child , you should be ashamed of yourself for featuring rape in your movie , I 'd like to drop a load on this dvd for having such shocking content
 This movie stinx ! I hated it so much . People were laughing at this flick . I was n't scared and neither was anybody else that saw this movie with me . They all said they thought it was boring , and I agree with that . Skip this .
 28 Days Later is not a bad film . Indeed , considering that rotten zombie movies are nearly as numerous as the shambling hordes themself , this movie could be considered somewhat of a gem when held in comparison to Return of the Living Dead III , Zombie Planet , or Chopper Chicks in Zombietown . Is it , as advertised , a groundbreaking zombie film that will reinvigorate the genre ? No . Not at all , and possibly quite the opposite . So far we have two truly groundbreaking films in the zombie genre
 Perhaps I have been spoiled on flicks like Dawn of the Dead , Dead Alive , and Evil Dead , which are all great zombie fare . I expected 28 Days Later to be of the same ilk ; but it was a `` grave '' diaappointment . This movie played out more like a melodrama than a hardcore zombie flick . You would n't even know if the creatures were supposed to be zombies unless you had read the DVD cover . This movie was way to slow-paced and did not live up to the billing that the critics claimed . If you are a REAL zombie fan , do n't get this trash .
 This has the potential to be an awesome film , except director Danny Boyle -LRB- `` Trainspotting '' , `` The Beach '' -RRB- decided to let his knee-jerk liberalism infect the rest of his body
 Much as I love zombie flicks and apocalypse flicks , this one just does n't work on an American audience . Why ? Because we have guns.The virus that decimates England -LRB- and presumably all the populations on contiguous land masses -RRB- , is a disease that could n't travel globally . It takes 20 seconds for an exposed person to become violently symptomatic , and the virus is spread only through direct contact into the bloostream , so it 's not like an infected person could board a plane and fly over to another continent . So , while the decimation of Europe would doubtless put a cramp in the global economy , the plot that is offered could never become the end of the world . -LRB- A point which is implied by the absence of global support `` sending in the troops '' or , at least , sending helicopters over to drop off food , medicine , weapons , and other supplies . -RRB- As I watch these handful of survivors try to flee London and find other survivors in the English countryside , I wonder why they do n't have any effective means of defending themselves . I mean , I know England is anti-gun , but they do have rifles , do n't they ? Are n't their police armed ? Would n't there be an armory somewhere ? True , a few guns wo n't fend off a swarm of thousands of `` zombies , '' but it would provide a better means of protecting oneself against smaller zombie attacks , which are a constant risk to the survivors . Instead , they rely on machetes , baseball bats , and running away.I guess that 's why this movie was set in England ... set in America , the plot would end 5 minutes into the movie once Americans descended upon the zombies , fighting back with millions of armed private citizens . -LRB- Until the lawyers get a judge to issue an injunction against zombie destruction . -RRB-
 I got this movie to watch on Halloween because it was reputedly a very scary movie . I do n't think I felt frightened even once in the entire movie . There is no aching suspense , no sudden jumping out.The lead actor Cillian Murphy is almost impossibly handsome . The camera often takes time out from the mountains of gore to lovingly caress his face and body which sometimes seems so jarringly immaculate it looks as if he just walked off a fashion runway.There is lots of slime and blood and festering , hours of it . There is also what felt like like 10 hours of footage of people bashing each others ' brains out in the dark . I could not tell who was bashing who or why.I have never watched a movie where I had less sympathy for any of the characters . Even the `` heroes '' were totally selfish opportunists.The rape scenes were supposed to be terrifying , but I could not help but laugh . Why would anyone give a thought to rape when they knew they were about be pounced on at any second by rabid plague victims?The mayhem wore thin very quickly . The villains were as distinctive as the white plastic-coated soldiers in Star Wars.By far the most interesting parts of the movie were about the gritty practicalities of living without electricity , running water , grocery stores or other people.As metaphor , the movie had its moments . It showed how money really is just a token in a social game . Money becomes meaningless in the apocalyptic world . There was one bit of philosophising when a soldier noted that for most of earth 's history it had no people , and now with this megaplague , earth was returning to normal . The plague itself is symbolic of the rage that spreads from person to person in modern urban society , erupting in mass violence like the Iraq war.The special effects went on for what seemed like an eternity too , namely wandering through British cities without seeing a even a single car or pedestrian . I suppose these might be more interesting to people familiar with the landmarks with their normal bustle . The effect was supposed to be eerie , but for me , it came across much like visiting a resort town out of tourist season . It has been done too many times before and director Danny Boyle belaboured it . He went on for what felt like hours of it with nothing happening.P.S . I was not on drugs . The time dilation effect comes purely through repetition of the exact same thing over and over and over .
 I love zombie movies , and I dont know why it took me so long to see this one . The reviews hailed it as original and scary , so I was stoked . But , at the end , I was scratching my head wondering if I got the edited for tv version or something because it wasnt very scary . I made me jump a few times , but theres a difference between being scared and being startled . Plus , to call it original is a slap in the face to the zombie movies of the sixties and seventies . I mean , it was more intelligent than most horror movies , but what fan base are the filmmakers trying to appeal to ? When I go to see a horror film , I expect either to be genuinely disturbed -LRB- The Ring , Blair Witch -RRB- , or to laugh heartily at the cheesy villians and storyline -LRB- Freddy v. Jason -RRB- . Either way , I expect a good time . However , with this one , I just felt disappointed . If you like zombie films , you wont like this one , guaranteed .
 Horror buffs need to take `` 28 Days Later '' into muchly needed inconsideration . This had to be the slowest moving horror flick on the planet . While this British box-office smash was commended for chills and thrills . . it is truly a fiasco . It had two moments of terror ... 222 moments of predictable JELLO . I spent $ 20 on this DVD . It 's worth maybe $ 5.99 . The soundtrack completely sucks ... the acting is average ... and the editing is the highlight . Unfortunately , when you edit one bad scene to the next , you simply ca n't win.This British loser must have been made by someone who ventured through WW2 . It has the nauseating military twist to it that simply does n't fit today . Why is it the British always want to embellish their hatred for the Germans ? Move on !!!! Get a life !!!! Make a horror film and get away from those silly military fatigues . This one is simply billed as a horror film . That 's right ... it is simply horrible !!! It gets a 2 !!! And that 's being nice .
 The premise of 28 DAYS LATER is excellent -- too bad it 's not original . Borrowing heavy from such horror classics as THE NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD and Stephen King 's THE STAND , this movie only succeeds in retelling an old story . A deadly monkey virus named The Rage is accidentally released into the public and only a few individuals survive . While the structure of human society is virtually destroyed the survivors must fight against the remaining infected that aim to kill . As the survivors fight for their lives they travel from London to Manchester in hopes of joining a military group who promises an end to the virus . But upon arrival the group realizes that things are not what they seem . Unfortunately , the unfolding of the plot left little to the imagination . I was especially troubled during the scene when the survivors tried to drive through the underground tunnel on their way to Manchester . Anyone who has read THE STAND should well remember the scene of the Lincoln Tunnel in NYC and learn the obvious lesson to not travel in tunnels after an apocalypse , as bodies , vehicles , and unknown creepy things exist in the dark . The remainder of 28 DAYS LATER movie left little to the imagination and was uninteresting . I really wanted to enjoy this movie , but I rather felt disappointed .
 Ok , think with me
 1 - A virus that infects it 's host and manifests all its symptoms in 20 seconds `` 20 seconds2 - The virus is spread by contact with the blood and saliva of the infected . So guess what are survivors weapons of choice are . Machetes and Clubs .3 - Hacking up the Infected with there Clubs and Machetes , never seems to leave are survivors dripping in there victims Blood and becoming Infected themselves .4 - If the Infected are mindless and full of rage , why do n't they attack each other ? 5 - Society has fallen , cant they manage to pick up a few firearms , from all of those over run military blockades and dump the clubs and swords ? 6 - If the Virus makes it 's victims into raged filled killing machines where are the bodies in the streets . ? where are the fires in the Cities ? why are n't the street clogged with abandoned vehicles ? 7-The blatant theft of all of George Romero 's work from the Crazies to his Dead series of movies .8 - The constant use of scenes from George Romero 's movies used add nauseam.Here are some examples the shopping spree in the food store , the chained up infected soldier , just like Bub in day of the dead.The stop for gas by the cheese burger stand scene , just like the airport scene in Dawn where the children zombies attack then are killed , just like Jim does to the infected boy . Even happens in the same way Jim off by himself away from the group in a small structure.The fact there is a band of soldiers hold up , stemming the tide of Anarchy . Just like in day of the Dead.also how the soldiers turn out to be almost as much of a threat as the infected , Just like in day of the Dead , Also the ending is quite similar to Day , with the soldiers strong hold being overrun . And there are countless other borrowed ideas and scenes .9 - The fact that these men have lost all they know and love and hold dear to them , there wife 's there Children , Fathers Mothers friends , the social fabric is gone . and the only thing that will seem to ease the pain for these men , is some young ass .10 - 28 days without a women in a mans bed , turns him into sex crazed deviant.So it goes like this . 28 days from devoted husbands and loving fathers to child rapists .11 - Why would soldiers choose a stronghold with windows the size of pool tables throughout12-If the Infected do not eat or drink , why are they always vomiting ? Why would you have to wait for Starvation to kill the Infected ? Dehydration would do it to them , long before starvation ? And the way those people were barfing it 's not going to take very long .13 - what 's up with that silly blowing up the gas station scene that are survivors did in the beginning of the movie , what was the point other then to show a big exsplosion ? And whats up with flinging Molotov cocktails ? Why would they even have been out at night ? they had a stronghold with food and other provisions in it . So they were breaking one of there own Cardinal rules they were telling Jim , never to break under any circumstance..14-Jim wakes up from a Coma or other serious head injury , and other then being a little disoriented , and a nasty headache , which by the way was cured with a Tango , he 's just fine and ready for some real urban hand to hand combat.And as long as we are on the topic of the the Infected shriveling up and dying why dint Jim die of dehydration himself ? After all he was laying in a bed for 28 days , unattended in a Coma.15-How did the unarmed infected over run military blockades with soldiers heavily armed with automatic weapons air support and tanks ? And if the infected were mindless bloodthirsty killing machines why would they even attack a blockade.Doesn ' t attacking in mass show intellect .16 - When Jim awakes in the hospital , why are there no bodies or blood stains ? . Other then some tipped over furniture and some spilled soda , looks in pretty good shape for a hospital that has been going through a health emergency of epic proportions . .17 - A movie has to work in it 's own logic , there are holes so big in the story you could drive a 18 wheeler through them .18 - I liked the use of video , not film it did give the production a very gritty quality.In the end it 's just a B horror movie , but Even after all my complaints , about the lack of logic in the script , I had fun with the movie and dont regret watching it nor having bought it used for 5 bucks .
 I ca n't believe people are actually giving this Movie 5 stars ? I guess it 's one of those Love it or hate it things . I liked the Storyline but after that ... mostly boring . It was just interesting enough to get me through the whole thing . If you want a really entertaining Spookie movie get House of a 1000 Corpses .
 I ca n't believe the hype surrounding this flick . What starts out a great update of the ` zombie ' idea with some end of the world flavor one eighties into something about as terrrifying and engaging as the undead dance sequence from THRILLER . It 's dissapointing really , the film has an darkened look and feel that would 've been great given a better script . A great modern day , realistic survival/zombie film has yet to be made , because this is not it . Unsympathetic characters are half of the blame and we 've seen them before in dozens of genere films . I hate watching a movie where the players act in a fashion that no human being would behave . The old cliche where the lone person goes into the dark , creepy room just to look around has been over-overdone . I understand a film such as this is already stretching the bounds of reality , however ca n't one be made that 's somewhat realistic ? There a plot points-a-plenty that go unexplained , as well as twists that just did n't work , making for a strangely unexpected second half . On par with RESIDENT EVIL -LRB- the movie , not the video game , which is a far better apocalyptic zombie experience than this -RRB- , which is n't that good itself . I might have been expecting too much here , but the end result could have been so much more than horror retreads filmed with flair .
 I really enjoyed this film when it came out and subsequently bought it on DVD . Having recently upgraded to Blu Ray I 've been going through my DVD collection and picking out the ones to buy again on Blu Ray . I really wish I 'd looked online for reviews before buying this . I will from now on always check online reviews for picture quality before purchasing.The picture quality on this Blu Ray is beyond bad . I do n't know how they could release it on Blu Ray with a clear conscience . It is a pure rip off to ask you to spend more money and get what looks like poorer image quality than I had on the DVD version ! It really is that bad . I 've since read that it was filmed on some low quality equipment -LRB- Canon XL1s Mini DV Camcorder of all things -RRB- and so the picture quality just is n't possible as it is on real film.To summarise : *** DO NOT BUY THIS FILM ON BLU RAY ! ***
 It 's not even about zombies . It 's more about crazy people . I was really looking forward in seeing this movie ... what a big let down ! The best part of this movie should of been what happened in those 28 days . I recommend not even wasting your time and money on this one !
 Before I get into this review i want everyone to know that I never hate movies for no apparent reason . The problem with this movie is that it was overhyped as the `` Scariest movie since The Exorcist ! `` WOW !! There is No way anyone can ever compare this movie to The exorcist . Anyway I went to see this movie with a neutral state of Mind . I was n't expecting the best movie ever and I was n't expecting the worst.So the movie begins and for the first 5 - 10 minutes the movie is off to a good start . -LRB- Except for the music being played while he walks down the empty streets -RRB- and also , -LCB- all the camera shots are done on a tripod it gets really annoying and believe this , it is n't original or innovative !!! So everthing is going pretty well until ... he meets the fellow survivors . From here the movie goes into a downward spiral in which nothing helps it ascend.Every scene after this is awfully drawn out -LRB- think Matrix reloaded party/sex scene , except with dialogue and no sex or dancing -RRB- The more characters they bring on , the worse the movie gets . And then if things could n't get worse we are introduced to some soldiers who instead of helping the main characters they become their enemies.So the story all of sudden moves from being about an emptyand dead `` world '' to being about `` bad soldiers `` Such a good premise thrown into the trash , what a SHAME . . But I still had hope ... hope in that the ending had to be good . . And of course it was , quite possibly , the worst ending to a movie I have ever seen . And if you do n't believe me then why did they come out with a new ending only weeks after it 's release ?? This of course angered me even more , because they could n't get it right the first time!I was n't the only one who hated this movie ... This was the first movie in which HALF the people in the theatre walked out HALF WAY through the Movie !! With all the hype , this movie was very dissapointing . The Blair witch was hyped like crazy too , but that was an innovative movie and a lot scarier . TRUST ME !! But anyway ... you guys out there have two choices : ; You can either buy or rent this movie , which you will regret or you can take my word and save your money .
 If you are like me , and you are wondering what all the hype is about , I have some money and time saving advice for you . Skip this film at all costs . If you are looking for something original and scary , watch `` The Ring '' , and `` Signs '' . Now those are brilliant films . `` 28 days later '' , however , is a heaping pile of ... . I did n't think this film was scary in the least , mainly because the `` zombies '' -LRB- humans infected by the rage virus -RRB- are sad looking , and were easily killed off . This movie also lacks any kind of plot or character development . It seemed more like a documentary . With the exception of the young girl and her father , are we actually supposed to care about the other characters ? Then there is that awful frenetic camera movement , reminiscent of `` the blair witch project '' , whenever something violent happens ... particularly when the `` zombies '' attack . Take my word for it , this gets very irritating after a while.I know that it may sound like I 'm really bashing this movie -LRB- which I am LOL -RRB- , but I 'm only telling you the truth behind my initial reaction to it -LRB- I saw it yesterday -RRB- . This is yet another movie that was blatantly mis-marketed by the producers . Most people , like I did , went into this movie expecting a brilliant horror film , as the deceitful trailers and critics hinted it to be . Instead it turned out to be an agonizingly boring , time and money wasting mess !!!
 For the most part , I love a zombie movie . I also like horror movies . However , something made me leave the theatre unsatisfied with this movie . Although 28 Days Later tries to be a movie with both a conscience and gore , it seems to fall flat with little explanation of it 's own plot.For one thing , we do not really get much in way of the background . Within the first 5 minutes of the film , the virus and everything are just kind of thrown at us without being explained in the way of a violent attack at some sort of laboratory for testing . Perhaps the makers of this movie could have just spent a little time not rushing this part ; for one thing , the `` rage '' virus that people suffer from is the main premise of the movie . The next thing is , of course , the caption that says 28 days later and some guy is naked in a hospital ... 28 Days Later should be credited for doing several things well . This is at least a movie that takes itself seriously ; the characters are not your average horror movie stereotypes and there is some build up of character development . There is a sense of eeriness about the city when the main character is walking about trying to find out what has happened.However , very little is explained , which leads to more questions than answers . Where are the people in other cities , countries , etc ? What is exactly `` rage '' ? Why are the zombies constantly vomiting ? Why do the zombies `` sleep '' ? Why in the world did they use that ending for the movie?The movie was a tad on the violent side , which , I suppose , should be expected . But it was n't really a `` violent '' type of violent , but more of a `` loud '' violent . For instance , when someone is about to be attacked then they crank up this loud music from the soundtrack and keep getting it louder and louder until the attack scene is over . There are also many times when the camera shakes around and you rarely can tell what is actually happening.It seemed as though they spent too much time dragging out things and not making clear connections as to what exactly these people were suppose to be doing to survive from the breed of zombies . I think they could have cut some of the scenes to fit in a little more background . Overall , not bad , but I would n't watch it again for the price of a show .
 THIS FILM COULD HAVE BEEN A GREAT THRILLER/HORROR FILM , BUT IT WAS N'T . THERE WAS A DUMB PLOT AND -LSB- BAD -RSB- ACTING.IT HAD ORIGINALITY AND THE CINEMATOGRAPHY WAS QUITE IMPRESSIVE , BUT THIS WAS ONE OF THE WORST FILMS THAT I HAVE SEEN IN QUITE SOME TIME !! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND SEE SOMETHING ELSE !!
 Ok so this review will be short and sweet . The movie rocks - however if you are looking for HD quality - 1080p do n't buy this product . There was significant artifacts , pixelation , and sound quality was sub-par . It almost looked like was encoded originally for VHS and transfered to full screen to fit the 1080p full screen mode . I ordered from an Amazon Prime dealer so it very well could of been a knock-off . I do n't recommend this format for this movie . Sorry folks . Your better off getting the DVD rather than spending the money on a Blu-ray .
 Im not sure what happend in the blu ray transfer of this movie , but the picture is absolutely horrible . Dont buy this edition .
 This was the most awful picture quality I have ever seen on a blu ray OR even on most DVDs . I have n't been able to tell online whether it is because of the poor quality of the cameras that were originally used , or if it was because of a wretchedly poor transfer onto blu ray . I tend to believe it 's the former . If so , that 's unfortunate . If it 's because of the transfer , that 's downright inexcusable . In any event , this is not worth buying on blu ray . Skip it .
 i will admit the zombies were pretty good but the storyline was just horrible i was about to leave the cinema before it ended take my word for it waste of valuable Time !!!!! the only scary and horrible thing about this movie was ... . the movie itself
 Do n't waste your time buying/renting/watching this movie.This is NOT a zombie movie as they have advertised.You see more human than zombies in this movie.And the main leading male character just plain stupid . Being a total wimpy coward and trouble maker in most part of the movie and all of a sudden at the end of the movie able to defeat a whole squad of British army and saved everybody.If you want to watch a good zombie movie , go watch Dawn of the Dead . Even the poorly made Resident Evil is much better than this one . Avoid at all cost !
 First of all , I have to say that the movie itself gets 5 stars.This review is of the actual Blu-ray version of 28 Days Later.This was probably the worst up-conversion I have ever seen . The movie somehow seemed blurrier than the DVD version -LRB- which I also own -RRB- . I thought that High Definition meant that the video clarity was supposed to improve . Maybe I was wrong . However , I will concede that at the very end of the film -LRB- when the characters are outdoors on the countryside -RRB- it does appear to be 1080p High Definition for that one section of the movie . Maybe the creators wanted to keep a gritty feel throughout the first 98 % of the movie to express the negativity of the infection , but as a fan of High Definition , I was supremely disappointed to see such a blurry , pixelated mess.Another negative thing about this was that I was able to see more things on screen -LRB- even though they were blurry -RRB- and I saw an irritating blooper early on in the film that I had never noticed on the DVD version . When Jim is wandering around the city `` alone '' there is a wide shot in which I could see a vehicle traveling in the background . It really ruined the tone of the film at that point because as a viewer I was supposed to feel the intense isolation that Jim was experiencing and instead I felt annoyed.Please remember that I absolutely LOVE this movie , but buying the Blu-ray was a waste of money . If you already own the DVD , DO NOT BUY THE BLU-RAY .
 dont see this movie ! its a pile of rubbish!when i saw the trailer for 28 days later i thought how awesome it looked ! i loved the look of the poster with the eyes ! but when i watched it ... what a disappointment ! im 14 and i wasnt scared once . it didnt shock me . it didnt make me think ` omg civilization culd crumble ' . i adored the scenes of him wandering around dead london , but when he found all those bodies in the church i was tempted to just turn off the tv ... i could tell it was goning to get worse . and i was right ! it just falls apart . i mean , what are the chances of someone getting a drop of blood in their eye ? _ dont see it . please . its just a waste of time !!!
 28 Days Later was one I skipped in theaters because I wo n't see any more videos badly blown up onto 35mm because some director 's convinced himself it looks better than film while the studio saves a few bucks on processing . I 'm glad I did , because judging from how bad it looks on DVD it must have been nigh on unwatchable on the big screen . Close-ups are fine , but anything more than a two shot and the lack of depth and detail -LRB- not to mention the problems with any straight lines that are anything other than perfectly vertical or horizontal -RRB- is a major irritation . The major casualty is any sense of scale - with the long shots looking so horribly flat and lifeless , most of the film is played in medium shots , which means in effect you 're watching a TV show with worse picture quality than you 'd get on a game show . Rather than the sense of immediacy the makers claim , you 're just left at a distance from much of the film because you 're too busy squinting to try to work out the background detail.The film itself is utterly predictable in every way - you know who 'll die , what the plot twists will be and exactly where and when they 'll happen - but aside from the substandard visual quality and the fact that it 's basically ` No Blade of Grass ' with zombies , it 's actually pretty good until the finale , when Cillian Murphy goes all Rambo on squaddies and ` infected ' alike . Despite the horrible miscasting of David Schneider in the opening scene , the performances are very good , especially the erratic Brendan Gleeson as a London cabbie , which helps raise the bar . It 's just a shame that the videography has such a deadening effect on the film.If you want to see a really good British horror movie , however , track down Neil Marshal 's The Descent instead .
 With the exception of the opening 10 minutes , 28 Days Later fails completely . The scenes of the Jim -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- walking around an abandoned , completely deserted London are creepy and un-nerving . The scenes that hint at mystery and unknown danger are far more intriguing than the rest of the movie.As soon as Jim hooks up with other survivors the scares are lost . Danny Boyle stupidly telegraphs every jump to the point of disqualification . When the survivors leave London and are ` rescued ' by a bunch of thuggish army louts it degenerates into extremely cruddy sub-straight-to-video nonsense . I 've never seen a film lose its way so badly as this . What could have been really exciting and scary ends up being too cheap and confused.There are hardly any ` zombies ' in this movie . Any action or thrills are over within seconds and the complete lack of logical thinking -LRB- even within the morally bankrupt army -RRB- becomes annoying.It did appreciate the raw-looking photography , it gave the movie a realistic edge but it 's soon ruined as the plot meanders and does n't know what to do . Cillian Murphy was quite good as the hero but the woman playing Selena was too brutish and hostile to be sympathetic . I did like Brendan Gleeson 's character but he was n't in it long enough.Mainly , 28 Days Later suffers badly from minimal plotting , awkward characters , a distinct lack of scares and a corny ending that 's out of sync with everything that preceded it . Danny Boyle should NOT attempt horror again.The DVD is in 1.78:1 anamorphic widescreen with Dolby 5.1 sound . Extras include a commentary , documentary and deleted scenes . The cut scenes -LRB- and alternate ending -RRB- are worthless and not interesting.For a superior and more exciting zombie movie wait for the new Dawn of the Dead to hit DVD . In the meantime , rent this one .
 A major , major disappointment derived from a clever but thin premise
 28 Days , a good attempt at a plot thats been done a million times . The movie begins to lag when the main character spends 20 minutes of the movie , -LRB- not literally -RRB- walking around the streets of London screaming `` Hello ! '' Its a decent movie if you are into zombie movies , but it 's not DVD worthy . I would n't pay to own it .
 Man , I 'm having a rough streak lately ! Another bomb . You would think that the director of `` Trainspotting '' would put out another original piece of work . You 'd be wrong in this case . And then the box has the nerve to say this is the scariest film since the Exorcist ? Please - it was neither scary or even comparable to that true classic . Last movie made that claim was `` The Ring '' , and that box lied , too . That 's it , no more buying movies with the word `` Exorcist '' on it . I should know better . Boring , overlong zombie film .
 This movie was not good at all , it sucked big time nobody get this i hate it .
 I love horror and sci fi pictures and , going by the adds and hype , made the mistake of buying this on DVD before actually seeing it . I strongly recommend you rent this movie before wasting $ 20.00 on it . This is my opinion and judging from some of these other reviews , I either saw a completely different movie or I am too critical -LRB- which I doubt since I usually like crappy movies most others do n't -RRB- . The only thing I enjoyed about this horribly filmed and acted movie was when the damn thing ended . I can not tell anyone what to think nor do I imagine my opinion matters . I just strongly advise anyone to borrow or rent it before spending good money on it ! In parting here is a thought , I own over 1000 + DVDs that I have bought over the last 5 years.I feel so strongly about how terrible this movie was that this is the only movie I ever felt I needed to write something about and , the only movie I have EVER gotten rid of immediately after seeing it , HONESTLY !
 I love this movie and was excited when I finally got my Blu-Ray copy ... What garbage ... this transfer to Blu-ray is HORRIBLE ... I surely wished I checked the reviews before I purchased this ... Stick with the DVD ...
 No SPOILERS-Saw this movie back in 2002 and left very disappointed . My daughter brought it home this weekend because she knows I like Zombie movies -LRB- she did n't know that I had already seen it -RRB- and after giving it a second viewing - nope , still bad . It starts out like it 's going to be really good with the atmosphere of the deserted streets but it soon just turns into one of those movies were you keep waiting for something to happen , but never does . It unfortunately was just boring and not scary at all for me and my daughter -LRB- and it did n't help this movie that we watched The Return of the Living Dead two weeks previous which was great fun-no comparison -RRB- so I certainly would n't recommend someone purchasing this .
 Spending money for the Bluray version is very foolish . However much you like the movie , and I did like it , the Bluray is awful . Grainy , soft , loaded with halo artifacts from the transfer 's effort to increase sharpness , and it 's a disaster from start to finish . Buy the DVD if you must own it , but go cheap .
 As has been pointed out by some others this is NOT a BluRay disc that even comes close to anything approaching HD quality.On my 55 '' HD it looked like an SD TV broadcast ; This is an excellent movie but I would n't have wasted my money on this low quality BD if I had known how disappointing the image quality was going to be .
 When I first heard about 28 Days Later , it was made out to be a zombie flick . IT IS NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE !!! The so-called zombies are people infected with a virus known as RAGE ... The `` Zombies '' run around screaming like idiots , kill their victims and run away screaming again ... Most zombies eat their victims after killing them , they do n't run away screaming ! If you are looking for a zombie movie , this is the wrong place to start ! A friend of mine seen that I was going to buy the movie and said do n't do it and I wish that I listened to him !
 I saw previews for this and thought it looked awesome . I was badly mistaken . It is slow , boring , and unscary . Less than halfway through it I was ready to leave . I kept expecting something scary to happen but it never did . Horrible film ! Do n't waste your time . I would n't have given it any stars if that was a choice .
 I really wanted to like this movie , it had a good concept , -LRB- albeit stolen from ` The Stand ' -RRB- . The thing that threw me off the most aside from the horribly put together script , was the fact that the ` infected ' never once attacked each other . They were practically lobotomy victims , how did theyknow that they wanted to infect others?TOTAL CRAP !!!
 ... I 've never watched a movie and actually felt that it was soooooo bad that I wasted an hour and 45 minutes until this one ! I sat there waiting for a movie to break out , but it never did . This has to be THE worst movie I 've ever seen . It is SO bad that to tell you not to see it would be a mistake . You 've GOT TO SEE THIS MOVIE to appeciate how bad it is . But , watch it on cable or watch someone else 's copy ... do n't waste your money on it . ... P.S. I recently picked this up for $ 4.00 because it was packaged with another movie I was already going to buy . It 's still a rip off , but now I can show people how bad this movie was -LRB- yes , it was that bad -RRB- .
 This movie is NOT 1080p . When you watch it , you 'll notice in the first minute that this is a re-mastered SD version . Total waste of money for those that actually care . I loved 28 Days Later when I first saw it in SD some years ago . Amazing movie . I was so excited to see this in beautiful HD on my 46 '' Samsung LED ... only to be angrily disappointed by the video quality . This is a hoax -- do not buy it .
 Great movie , terrible transfer to blu-ray . I bought this when it originally came out on dvd and loved it . Picked it up when it was released on BR hoping to have a brand new experience but I was wrong . I 've seen better quality video on VCR recordings left over from the early nineties . It 's absolutely disgusting that the blu-ray community keeps paying high dollar for trash transfers like this . DO NOT BUY ON BLU-RAY !!
 What a stinker of a movie . Comparing this waste of good DVD media to the `` Exorcist '' has to make one laugh . Without a doubt , the most frightening part of this movie was the fact that I paid $ 10.00 for it.If they really wanted to make it more interesting , a fourth ending might show the cast , crew , and writers searching for a better scripe for there next movie .
 This is simply a nonsensical and unneeded remake of `` Day of the Triffids '' with zombie humans replacing alien plants . What else is there to say but
 I purchased this movie on Blu-ray assuming it would be 1080p , but I was mistaken . It is simply DVD quality . Save yourself the trouble and purchase it on DVD . I do however , love the movie content which is why I purchased it in the first place !
 Lousy premise , lousy acting , lousy filming techniques , lousy color and hues that did n't do anything to change the feeling of the movie . It was n't scary , it was n't thrilling . Tedious does n't even begin to describe this movie . Was the director asleep ? Did he just let the actors improvise all the scenes ?
 I must say , this has to be one of the worst films I have ever seen and I absolutely love movies , especially horror films . I found it to be very slow with an all-too-familiar plot . Unless you have a couple of hours to kill and are deperate , do n't bother with this movie .
 Supreme waste of my time . Was this supposed to be original ?
 28 minutes ago
 I have only five words for this movie , DUMBEST ZOMBIE MOVIE EVER MADE !!!! ` Nuff said .
 This was a horrible zombie movie , and I love zombie movies . The remake of Dawn of the Dead is much better
 Dare I say it ? Bordello of Blood was a better movie than this . The director has some talent for camera angles and scenery , but it stops there . Even a supporting actor from Braveheart ca n't save this steaming pile . The virus is never explained . You only see a snippet of its origins , then the rest is supposed to be 28 days later , after the virus wipes out most of the population . What 's not explained is how a person can instantly be turned into a zombie that vomits blood and has red eyes . Nor does it explain what exactly the infected do to their victims . You never see the zombies eat anyone , only attacking and vomiting . So I ask you , what 's the whole purpose of this movie ? The plot is thinner than a dime . Then there 's the European angle on the movie . The musical choices are odd . In the end it 's a B movie hyped up to be the scariest movie you 've ever seen . It 's not scary at all . The virus concept just has no depth or explanation , therefore it 's just plain mindless . It 's sad these actors wasted their talents on this movie . Maybe this passes for horror in Europe , but here in the US it 's subpar .
 Probably the worst this genre has to offer . Hard to believe the critical raves for this when you look at what was to follow
 Dis movie wuz da most retarded movie ever . I thought dis movie wuz goin ' to be scary . I fell asleep watchin ' this movie . All you horror fans do n't waste your money .
 This had to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . What ever happend to this being `` The scariest movie of the summer '' ? All I have to say is that I was utterly disappointed , thank God that I rented it first .
 With the reviews , I thought this would be a scary movie . But it is n't . It 's based on military experimentation with a virus.The acting is not too great . There really is no `` scare '' in it.A lot of people dying , zombie type undead but even they are not scary . It was a waste of my money .
 `` 28 days later '' was a badley made movie . It contained no plot and you could never tell what was going on . Granted the Stars in the movie were fantastic . The overall movie not worth buying . It was a little too unrealistic . It is highly unlikely to even amagine a virus controlling people in a matter of 15 seconds . I personally thaught it was a terrible movie .
 After seeing the previews i was really wanting to see this . I was disappointed . I dont think it is scary in the least . This entire plot has been done before . It totally ripped of an old 80 's horror moive -LRB- think it was called year of the comet -RRB- where most the world is killed looking at a comet , a few people are left , they pick up a radio transmission , and follow it to its source to find out it wanst what the expected , sound familiar ? Anyways , very slow movie , boring in alot of spots , not enough creatures in the film , and they arnt even the focus of the movie . Deffinitly not enough gore . This is as good as a twighlight zone flick , but not movie material .
 This movie is horrible . It drug out so bad . It had a great storyline and had so much potential but it just did n't come through . Those brits got awfully annoying after a while too . Not enough action either ... I ca n't stand these new directors that think whnever a gory scene comes that the camera should get eal shaky and jump around showing quick dark images so that we ca n't even see whats going on . Horror is losing it , besides House of 1000 Corpses I ca n't think of very many good horror movies that have come out lately . True horror was made in the 70 's and 80 's with Evil Dead , Zombie , and Friday the 13th movies . Those movies you can at least see whats going on . There 's nothing scary about what you ca n't see in a movie , making the screen too dark to know whats going on is n't scary , these directors need to go back to film school or something ... They need to sit down and watch some Lucio Fulci movies and Wes Craven movies , then they might realize what classic horror is , and what it means for a movie to last generations in time because it 's so damn good . These directors from 28 Days Later and Wrong Turn do n't know what the hell I 'm even talking about .
 It 's amazing how crappy movies are being made nowadays . This movie was SO predictable , i watched it with a friend -LRB- a zombie fan -RRB- and he thought it was awesome and bought it right away . And it sucked . This goes on the worst movies list of 2003 with Dreamcatcher , They , and feardotcom . Do n't Waste your time !
 I 've seen this movie before , in several different versions . It starts out as `` 12 Monkeys '' then transforms into `` The Quiet Earth '' and finally ends as `` Day of the Dead . '' In fact , the entire movie is a patchwork of previous , more coherent reflections on the apocalypse . The stroylines , scenes , even characters are lifted directly from other apoacalyptic movies . Even the use of unknown actors has been done previously to achieve the illusion of ordinariness/reality . Presumably , when you do n't see celebrities you think `` gee , this could be me and this could really happen ! '' `` 28 Days Later '' is another example of patent forgery , or should I say `` homage , '' to hit the screens and lift our hard-earned money . The marketing strategy warrants praise for boldly inflating the movie into a phenomenon , transforming a sampled set of imagery into `` the scariest movie since the Exorcist . '' The storyline , pitting survivors against the `` infected '' as well as against one another , is the basis of virtually every zombie movie out there , beginning with `` Night of the Living Dead . '' In fact , if it was n't for George Romero 's Dead series , this and other movie of its ilk would never have been imagined . Even the exploration of sociopolitical issues , such as the global economy , medical ethics , and race relations have been plumbed in other movies repeatedly and more effectively . That goes for the attempts at humor as well . None of the scenes , characters , plot points , or themes in `` 28 Days '' have any original essence . In fact , the filmmakers hardly tried to veil their rehashed version of others ' works . Their use of digital film is about the only new twist in an old drink . It does n't help.The DVD has `` alternate endings '' further validating the sampled -LRB- aka plagiarized -RRB- origins of this movie . The hero is killed ala `` Omega Man . '' The hero survives to lead a bittersweet existence ala `` Planet of the Apes . '' But we could place our own endings in also
 I just rented this movie because I remembered reviews saying that it was really scary and I LOVE scary movies . Let me tell you , there is NOTHING scary about this movie . I think there was one part when I jumped but that was simply from shock not because I was scared . Everything about this movie was predictable and silly . I knew who would die before they did , I pretty much knew the ending before it came . When it was over , i said to myself `` I want the last hour and half of my life back . '' It was pretty bad . So bad that I had to come down here and see how others were rating it . I was shocked to see the number of good reviews . Perplexing !!! Well , to each their own , but I would have to caution anyone who is thinking of getting this vid . It will be time poorly spent . Just my .02 .
 I am a huge fan of zombie movies and apocolyptic films . I love all the old originals - Night of the Living Dead , Return of the Living Dead , Army of Darkness , Evil Dead , Resident Evil , Omega Man etc. . There is n't one made I have n't seen . These movies have redeeming features , either due to macbre humor psychological suspense , or just plain fright . 28 days has NONE of these qualities.The most enjoyable part of the film is the first 20 minutes which sets a fairly believable scene of destruction in England . After that - it goes downhill quickly . If you get this movie expecting a George Romero clone you will be very dissapointed.There is n't even a scene where someone is assaulted or chased by a huge shambling mob . The biggest might be 10 people vs. 4 . What kind of zombie movie does n't have 100 's to 1,000 's of shambling hoardes running through it ??? What 's worse , the majority of deleted scences and even the `` radical alternative ending '' would have made the movie better , but none were included as the director thought they would n't have helped tell the story . And the `` infected '' ? Hey lem me see a few of them up close foaming at the mouth . Instead one is left with the desire to slap the camerman around so he 'll hold still long enough to get a good look at the infected.Believe me when I tell you the most redeeming feature this movie has is as a drink coaster for your coffee table so you can watch a decent horror film.Despite that many reviewers indicate that some of us ca n't appreciate the artistic quality of the film because we `` just do n't get it '' , supposedly due to a lapse in intelligence - I would say `` Poppycock !!! '' The film is mindless drivel , the plot predictable , the acting terrible , and character development worse.Save your money - watch Omega Man or a George Romero marathon .
 The film opens on lab monkeys infected with a virus called `` Rage '' which becomes the predictable end of humans . By the film 's end -LRB- should you make it that far , many in my theater did not -RRB- you may or may not feel like a lab monkey , but you will certainly be infected with `` Rage , '' having just witnessed one of the single worst cinematic endeavors of all time . Rent `` Night of the Living Dead '' if you 're into zombies or `` Night of the Comet '' if you want to think about it being cool on earth without people . Do not see this . If you liked `` Shallow Grave '' or `` Trainspotting '' and you think Danny Boyle can recover from `` The Beach , '' you 're wrong . So was I.
 I truly wanted this movie to be good , I really really did . There have been so few good scary movies in the past 10 + years -LRB- and please do n't say Blair Witch or Scream - those do n't equal scary -RRB- . I had the feeling this movie was named `` 28 days later '' because that 's how long it felt to watch it!But , alas , it 's not scary in the least , and in fact , it simply is n't even good . It 's yet another movie which concentrates on cheap noise or things jumping out at you with loud crashes and screams to voice its `` scares . `` As for original , umm no . It steals many concepts and just changes them a touch . Such as the `` zombies '' . Clearly they are `` zombies '' , but they are n't called that ... rather just people infected with the `` rage '' running around killing everything in sight . But come on ! A good portion of the plot is taken straight from `` Night of the living dead '' and other parts are taken straight from other zombie movies.And man , I 'm so sick of movies where you notice the director more than the show . * wink wink * any one every think the reason behind that is because if the director did n't scream `` HEY LOOK AT ME '' every shot than people would see how flawed the movie is ? Ohhh look how artsy my camera work is ... ummm sorry Mr Director but all I was noticing was poor character development , boring dialogue , and very predictable `` scare-speech-run-scare-speech-run '' pattern mixed around supposedly clever camera tricks ... bah humbug.I believe this will be yet another movie where the `` hype '' will eventually die out and people will see it for just how bad it is . Blair Witch and The Ring are two other movies which are tarnished , or are starting to tarnish now that time is past ... 28 days will soon follow .
 First off this film was NOT A ZOMBIE FILM . It was a film about an infection that made the carrier turn into a homicidal bezerker . They did not eat their victims they just tried to infect them by bleeding on them . Nothing zombie about that . The film was passable for what it was , a cutesy little horror film . I will forever be haunted by that idiot main caracter walking through the deserted streets yelling hello . I watched this saying to myself please kill him . I have never wanted the main character of a film to be killed faster than this guy . I just did n't like this poor attampt at horror movie making . P.S. 28 weeks later was even lamer than this film .
 Lets just start the review here.These monkeys in a research lab are being tested and some animal activists break in . The researcher warns them but they let the monkeys out anyway . Then the movie starts with a guy naked . Kinda weird , but alright . Anyways , the creepiness starts when noone is around except him . We know why , he does n't . Anyways , once Jim meets the other 2 survivors , they go to this house . The house lets Jim remember things , and then BOOYAKA the jump point comes . Yea , you probably will jump because the sound kicks up alot when this zombie comes ! Thats it . The movie had a great thing going . I was getting ready to jump whenever I saw bodies and such , but never . The movie could of had you jumping at every turn , but it does n't . The characters are nice , but again ... This movie is n't scary at all . I jumped once at the beggining . We basically see these few people travel far to a military compound where these soldiers are apparently saying . Of course , the main character kicks some ... -LRB- against 1 zombie in the whole film and like 10 guys -RRB- , but its almost as if the director forgot about the zombies , because they become useless . I am going to be honest ... You will probably completely forget about the zombies and such about 30 minutes into this 1 hour 40 minute film , and you should . Theres like 1 or 2 zombies after that . Honestly , it turns into an action movie . Mostly because Jim kills these guys , and does n't care about the zombies as you will see -LRB- neither will you -RRB- . There is no vicious killer , and the movie is n't scary . I hate to say it , but the alternate endings are worthless . I watched 2 of them -LRB- there are like 3 -RRB- and I was done . They are retarted . Then there is the actual ending . The movie basically starts creepy , then for about 45 minutes -LRB- im not exaggerating -RRB- you will witness no zombies -LRB- except a little mob of them but you know they are coming a mile away -RRB- but they wo n't matter . Honestly , the movie has you kinda creeped for 15 minutes , then it 's 45 minutes of no action except shopping in a supermarket and replacing a tire ... . Not scary , and if this movie won so many awards in another country , I do n't know what kind of movies they are watching over there .
 i will admit the zombies were pretty good but the storyline was just horrible i was about to leave the cinema before it ended take my word for it waste of valuable Time !!!!!
 I just spent the first 15 minutes to know thw movie was stupid , boring and with the worst plot ever planned . Has a good beginning , but goes down until the end . It 's the mix of the movies of George A. Romero and Resident Evil , but in England . The dialogues are made by a child , the characters are annoying , the music is disturbing and the movement of the camera , seem to made a man with Parkinson . Do n't waste your time and money with this .
 To the people who are trying to make themselves sound smart by writing about how everyone `` do n't get it '' get over yourselves , this is not a movie that makes you think , and if you feel intelligent by watching this movie then you need to question who the real moron is . Pick up a book and read , you 'll find plenty of books like this that are much better than this movie . The beginning is great , I do have to give the writer and director credit cause it really sets up the tone of the movie , your almost on edge waiting for something to happen . But then as it goes along all it does is get more and more disappointing , and that 's a shame cause it had so much potential . This film is no ` Night of the living Dead ' and you almost wish it was cause at least you 'd actually be scared instead of sighing and waiting for another flash of the zombies , and that 's all you really get are flashes , there 's no real interaction with the infected and uninfected . The movie would have been much better if it were ` Night of the living dead apocalypse style ' maybe if they had them fighting the zombies more and did n't have that whole `` Military '' thing going on half way in it would have been an improvement . The alternative endings were okay but I doubt it could have improved the movie , face it the trailers were more scarier than this film . The whole movie just started to plain suck after the beginning to be honest and I wondered if the real title of this movie was 28 days of boredom cause after watching it you feel as if 28 days have been sucked out of your life.You want a good scary zombie flick watch the original `` Night of the living Dead '' instead .
 First of I would like to say that I had some high hopes for this movie . The idea of the film still seems good to me , but has been done so much better by Romero . What we get here is 2 hours of complete boredom . Not once during this movie was I `` scared as hell '' like the cover said I should be . The only reason I kept watching this -LSB- ... -RSB- was that I had some hope of the movie redeeming itself . It never did . NEVER SEE THIS MOVIE . EVER !!!!! EDIT
 this is the most god awful movie I have ever seen in my entire life . Boring as all get out . Nothing interesting . Dawn of the dead without the humor . its HORRIBLE.I was looking forward to this movie and I am so sorry to have to say it was probably the worst film I 've ever seen in my life .
 A not very scary or thought provoking movie . The movie is bereft of people and zombies ! The zombies live indoors and only come out at night . This is because they were infected by a virus . Stupid . That whole Dracula thing is best left in a Vampire movie anyhow . How the first two survivors survived -LRB- or any of them for that matter -RRB- is beyond a mystery . The first encounter with a zombie kills one of them off in half a second and this guy was supposed to be a survivor ? The Nazi like camp they encounter iswhere everyone gets their highbrow ideas about this movie . It did n't bring me to any revelations . I already know people suck without a movie sucking to tell me bout it . How about some makeup for those dracu-ombies ? The living people looked as much like zombies as the others . Please just rent the classic or even the remake of Night of the Living Dead . Otherwise its a horror suspense movie for poeple who do n't usually like that sort of thing .
 Before you go see the sequel better hope they improved upon this films ' special effects . Writing Characters that behave credibly would have been good too . !!! I 'll leave it up to you
 This is an absolutely pathetic movie that is neither scary or interesting . The characters are boring and they leave you at the end of the movie hoping they get killed . It is such a low-budget movie that its no wonder it only lasted in the movie theaters for a few weeks . That should tell you all you need to know about it . The actions of the main characters in the movie make no sense at all . I 'm upset that I even wasted the $ 4.00 to rent this piece of crap .
 I felt like the movie kept me entertained in the beginning , when it was all about the zombie-things and all . But there was that totally unnecessary shot of the main actor 's nether regions . What was up with that ? Anyway , I was mildly entertained through the whole beginning , but then all the sudden , the zombies were n't important anymore . What was important was that the two girls escaped being raped by the army guys . YEAH , RIGHT . We entirely shifted focus , and I found it terribly stupid . And the ending was the stupidest thing I 've ever seen . It was a terrible disappointment when I had been wanting to see it for so long .
 As an avid movie critic , I found this movie to be dull and the least bit original . To begin with this must have been written years before the world became technological . Also if you want a good scary movie do n't purchase this , it is n't at all . It has not ultimate climax , if anything the introduction is the highlight of the movie and from that point it begins to go downhill . The `` zombies '' or `` infected '' look so fake and were so poorly developed that they ended up looking like psychotic nutcases . I was attracted to this movie because it is british , and british film makers have a unique way of capturing their audience . This movie failed to do anything to me at all except make me feel like i should n't rented Buffy the Vampire Slayer which would have given me more thrills.If you want a movie with no climax and a bunch of talk then buy this , if you want a good movie , i would suggest looking around some more .
 I rented this movie expecting one heck of a good horror movie and in return , I ended up watching one of the worst , stupidest films I have ever seen . I wo n't even go into the details of this film for it 's simply too awful . Can we say Boring ???? Can we say What A Waste of Money ??????????? I wanted my money back !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Unless you have a gun to your head , I would n't suggest anyone renting this movie !!!!!!!!!!!!
 28 Days Later begins when some foolish environmental activists/terrorists manage to unleash a plague of `` Rage '' upon England -LRB- and possibly the world -RRB- . The story then picks up 28 days later when a young man wakes up from a coma in his hospital bed that goes back to just prior to the outbreak . As he , and by extension we , attempt to find out what 's going on he wanders around London calling out `` hello '' repeatedly with no one answering . While he ultimately manages to find other people as well as some infected unfortunates , it is striking how empty the entire city of London is . Where did all those millions of people disappear to ? We never learn the answer to that question . As the movie continues and we see the rest of England , we find it is similarly depopulated . There are nowhere near enough corpses to believe everyone is dead and nowhere near enough infected to believe that everyone has turned.I would gladly set aside an empty country if there were only something interesting happening in the movie to push it from my mind . Sadly , the plot is almost nonexistent in this movie . Very little actually happens . Our small band of characters wander an empty UK and are very occasionally attacked but there is surprisingly little real menace . When they finally find an organized band of military men , we find that man 's inhumanity to man is alive and well as these `` saviors '' are arguably worse than the Rage infected maniacs . This theme has been done in virtually every movie of this type sinceNight of the Living Dead -LRB- Millennium Edition -RRB- and almost always in a far more interesting way.The director of this film clearly has no idea how to build suspense , develop characters , or even shoot interesting action scenes . I ca n't say that any aspect of this film was strong , or even mediocre , and would urge any and all people who have n't seen this yet to avoid it .
 This movie is well made and the first half is pretty exciting , however , midway through the film , it is simply ruined by the pathetic politically correct story line which shows evil white men taking advantage of chaos to create a rape camp . Simply pathetic . The `` heros '' in this film serve the current multi-cultural PC agenda as do the `` villans '' , with the not so subtle message that most white men would turn into violent monsters without the leviathon superstate to keep them in line . But really what can you expect from a film made in Britain , which is a real horrifying PC dystopia , much more scary than this film . To conclude , this film is even more sad because the potential for the story could have been so much more and so much more believable than this thin little fairy tale they concocted . Especially ridiculous is the transformation of the male `` hero '' from a whimpering pasty metro-sexual crying for the female `` hero '' not to leave him behind , `` help , help , do n't leave me '' , into an eye gouging super-hero when confronting evil . This is just another example of why most modern films simply suck . Unrealistic PC drivel . The zombies were cool though .
 What the heck happened ? After a dramatic start that sets the table for pending doom and fatalism , 28 DAYS LATER devolves into a trite and lackluster military bash . It was much more interesting watching Cillian Murphy and Naomie Harris doing battle with hordes of infected humans rather than a platoon of nimrods , but apparently director Danny Boyle decided a jarhead in fatigues was scarier than a snarling pack of red-eyed demons . I know I 'm shaking in my sandals.Again , the entire premise of this film is fascinating
 This movie was terrible . Ugly cinematography , bad direction , poor storyline and run of the mill FX . If you want to see something in the same vein , although much better , try 1971 's `` The Omega Man '' , starring Charlton Heston .
 My partner was very curious to see `` 28 Days Later '' , which , as the ballyhoo went , was this `` ultra-scary '' film that critics and audiences were praising to the skies . Doubting Thomas that I am , was skeptical . So , off we went and rented the DVD . And were we surprised ! What would you get if you took `` On the Beach '' , `` The World , the Flesh and the Devil '' , all of George Romero 's `` Dead '' films , `` Rambo '' , and even `` The Crying Game '' , threw them all together in an editing room , and what would you come up with ? This film ! The film did hold our interest about halfway through the film , though we felt the `` music video '' - style music extremely distracting and annoying , reminding us that we were `` watching a movie '' . We did express interest in the characters , though they were , of course , `` horror/action '' movie characters , i.e. 2-dimensional . And yes , characters that we began to identify with were brutally killed off well into the film , ala Hitchcock 's `` Psycho '' , but then the film just went berserk and fell apart . A maniac British army officer and his goons in a mansion-turned military compound begin to brutalize the -LRB- now 3 -RRB- survivors of a deadly rage-inducing plague to sexist views of womanhood and such . Dressing a `` strong '' black woman and a 14 year old white girl in red prom dresses with the intention of using them for `` man 's pleasure '' , now really ! And the soft-spoken , sensitive hero turns into an avenging Rambo to save them ! And the ending ? Do n't ask ! My partner and I both felt like we 'd been `` had '' . But , courageous souls that we were , watched the extra features on the DVD . The alternative ending -LRB- which is n't an ending , really , it 's more like the second half of the film -RRB- shown in story-board with voice-overs , would certainly have been a much more interesting choice than the wayward direction that this film took . And director Boyle and company 's pontificating about the `` threat of deadly viruses and their possibility '' is all fine and lofty stuff , but that does n't excuse nor validate this misbegotten , bloody mess . The end product should speak for itself . Alfred Hitchcock did n't film presumptuous , preachy explanations following the endings of `` Psycho '' or `` The Birds '' , did he ? Have audiences forgotten the criteria that justify a `` well-made '' and `` entertaining '' film , such as structure , character development , and coherency ? `` 28 Days Later '' is yet another example of `` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' , ladled out to a very complacent , naive , uneducated audience . If you are 20 years old and have been raised solely on MTV , then this is a `` great '' film . To quote a friend 's mother , `` They did n't have ME in mind when they made this '' . Bleccchhhhhhh !
 No . This movie was not very good . Tried to be artsy , but stunk . I would not recommend it to anyone . Ever . But if you like movies that are mediocre , than this may be okay .
 Other than that ... uncreative and juvenile . Skip it if you want to be scared or entertained .
 If I was a member of the British military , I would be disgusted and humiliated by this film . Why did they make the Army charecters at the stronghold a bunch of raping whack jobs ? These people should have been portrayed as civilians gone wrong , not soldiers . Just a terrible plot device , and I feel dumber for having watched it .
 I have never , and I repeat , have never seen a movie that I completely disliked . I have seen a lot of movies in my day , and had yet to be entirely disappointed by a movie until now . I was so excited to see this movie because of all the critical acclaim , but just had n't gotten around to renting it.I think the fact that I was anticipating this movie so much may have led to my utter dissatisfaction . I thought the movie was terrible . For one , there is no sense of time in the movie . Morning turns to night in less than what the movie is depicting as 5 or 10 minutes . I think this flaw was the deciding factor in my final judgement of the movie , though there were many others . I do n't think the characters were as developed as I 'd like . I do n't mean that I want to know everything about them , but I would like to at least have a general sense of personality.Another thing that I did n't like was the ending -LRB- s -RRB- . I 'm not going to give any details out in my review , but after seeing all the endings , I really wish they would have just ended the movie after they left the compound . They ruined it even further by writing the cheezy ending -LRB- s -RRB- that they did.Overall , the only reason I gave the movie 2 stars rather than 1 is out of pity . I do n't have the heart to give an F. I guess I could n't be a teacher .
 It was the worst movle that I have ever seen . The movle never went anywere , Just the movle veiwers leaving the theater place have through .
 As a fan of any kind of movie that is loosely similiar to Zombies I had high hopes for this movie.No such luck.Despite the obvious homage to Omega Man and George Romero , this falls horribly short.From characters you do not care about , to plot holes to the choppy erratic cinematography that is in vogue now as a way to try and introduce tension , this movie fails on all counts.Can ' t understand what people find intriguing with this dissapointing use of celluloid.Save you money and watch Romero 's classics or even Omega Man .
 Unimaginative , much hyped sci-fi/horror time filler about small group of survivors of a disease ravaged London , where the infected turn into rage-filled `` monsters '' . Stark film making from talented director of `` Trainspotters '' and `` Shallow Grave '' has its moments , but as a whole it does n't add up to much . Owes much from similar films such as `` The Omega Man '' , `` Dawn of the Dead '' , and `` The Crazies '' , just to name a few . Energetic -LRB- at times frantic -RRB- camera work , appropriate lighting , music and sound , take away from the fact that we 've seen all this before . A few good scares here and there and some truly riveting scenes may keep some fans of the genre from cutting this one loose , but inconsistencies in the story , unintelligable dialouge and one-dimensional characterizations will quickly disappoint others . Clearly not for all tastes , but for those who are game , you 'll have a good time .
 I watched this movie thinking that it was really freakin scary . Wrong . Some parts may be somewhat startling but not at all scary . In this movie as the suspense would be building up there would be some stupid joke or they would cut to another , more quiet scene . The plot in this movie is not bad , and neither is the acting , but the actual story line was a waste of time . Along with poor cinematography and crummy picture quality made it a real waste . I ca n't believe i wasted money on seeing this movie .
 There is absolutely no reason to get this on Blu-Ray , in fact I found it looks at least as good in standard def . Over all I enjoyed the movie , but it really looks bad , almost like it was shot with an old consumer video camera . So much so , that it had me messing around with the settings on my player and TV , and I even put another disc in to make sure it was n't something I did . For reference , I also have 28 Weeks Later and its worlds better in visual quality , it actually looks high def . Unfortunately that ca n't be said for this movie -LRB- but for the last few minutes -RRB- . I almost started to wonder at one point if it was done that way on purpose for artistic reasons ... then the contrast of the clarity at the end to show that things are improving in the world ?? Anyway SD is fine for this one ... and would have got a 4 stars rating .
 Good special effects and an ambitious Apocalypse virus scenario grip you for the first part of the film . Animal rights activists let out monkeys with a virus that 's so aggressive it wipes out the population of England in 28 days . The DVD contains interviews with scientists saying , yes , viral pandemics are dangerous . So this film pretends to be realistic while wallowing in mindless gore . Pretty much a cross between Night of the Living Dead and 12 Monkeys -LRB- without the time travel -RRB- , a group of survivors travel to Manchester to find salvation in a radio broadcast of army troops . The scenes of a deserted London are well done -LRB- looks like London on Sunday morning 6AM -RRB- . All the while they fight off blood spewing zombies . So one inconsistency among many here is with all the blood all over the place , the film starts with survivors wearing blood-proof full body and head protection , but this contradicts the rest of the film where they are unfazed when infected blood spews all over them . Of course watching a film with nothing but actors in burka-like covering would be boring , especially for the gore fans.Danny Boyle directed Trainspotting , and the satire that works there is conspicuously absent here . I wanted to see thoughtfulness in the script , but found little . Why is it the trend to make Apocalypse/Disaster films into shallow studies in action , violence , and gore ? For mass appeal ? Anyway the gore scenes are intense enough to recommend keeping kids away from the film . On the other hand adults can laugh at some of them as they attempt to be as over-the-top as you can get . Skip it and watch 12 Monkeys or Night of the Living Dead instead .
 the particular tape that I received is defective I should have returned it . May you guys can buy it back .
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . It seems to suggest that rage is a dangerous thing , but even the humans in this movie is full of a lot of rage . And then there is very bad acting
 When I pay premium for blueray , I expect the movie to be filmed in high definition . This was almost VHS quality . It should not be offered in Blueray , and the graininess was constantly irritating on my large screen . Possibly the lowest quality blueray I own except for some movies from the 70 's and 80 's . However , the movie was decent if you can get past the graininess . I would watch the movie again , but buy as regular DVD -LRB- which is still overkill for the quality of the grainy film -RRB-
 Warning - Movie spoilers below.I really wanted to like this film but it defies common sense.First there is the rehashed storyline of animal rights activist releasing infected primates from a laboratory.However , the defies common sense begins when Jim , a bicycle courier , wakes up after being hit by a car . Jim understandably YELLS for a nurse and when no one shows , pulls out his IV , gets dressed and walks outside his room looking for help . He sees evidence of violence everywhere and no people and without ascertaining whether the perpetrators were still around and whether the hospital staff have good reason to hide , Jimbo yells HELLO up and down the corridors while viewers cringe . Why is Jim smart enough to gather/stock up the sodas/food from a broken hospital vending machine but this same prudence did n't compel him to be stealthy until he could figure out who/what caused all the violence ? And why , when he is recovering from a coma/painful head injury and bleeding from a pulled out IV , did n't he yell HELP instead of HELLO ? And why , when he looks outside and sees a dead body next to an ambulance and someone walking in the background , did n't he yell HELLO to that moving someone if he felt safe to yell it everywhere else ? Instead , Jimbo walks out into the streets sees overturned buses , more obvious violence and front line newspapers screaming danger and proceeds to YELL HELLO again . No prudent person would do this . Jim then wonders into a church , see lots of dead bodies and several people moving about suspiciously and while the prudent person might wait quietly to see who are the good guys versus the bad , this idiot yells HELLO at the top of lungs again . He did n't yell hello when he sees one dead person by an ambulance with a single person walking by but feels its just fine to yell HELLO in a church full of dead bodies with several moving people ? Not un-expectantly he attracts Ragers and is saved by Mark and Serene who up to this point survived quite well without Dumbo around but they decide to save him and he rewards them by YELLING over and over again as they are running `` What is going on '' giving away their position . Once in their hideaway , Jim bangs and yells on their window possibly giving their position and crying he wants his mommy and daddy-like they do n't care about their families.At this point , one wonders if both the Rage and Dumbo 's stupidity is n't contagious because Selena and Mark stupidly placate Dumbo and risk their lives taking him home only to discover his parents committed suicide . Now prudence would again dictate that everyone sleep in the same room but this Dumbo suggests sleeping in separate rooms and is overruled by Selena . Then this idiot defies logic again and proceeds to watch home movies of his parents with the TV on loud and flickering though the windows . Dumbo also carries a flickering candle . If there is electricity to run home videos , why was he using candles ? Predictably the Ragers are attracted to the noise/light , break in and Mark and Selena wake up and save Dumbo 's life again while he cowers . Mark is bitten and is killed by Selena while Jim stupidly/cowardly watches . Selena is now stuck with a weak ninny of a partner instead of Mark . She even has to tell Dumbo to get his clothes and get ready to leave as more infected will come thanks to him.Selena and Dumbo see apartment building lights and head there . Dumbo lost his bag of food and carries only a bat while Selena carries both a weapon and a food/medicine backpack . As they climb the apartment stairs , they hear the infected and Selena hauls butt but Dumbo repeatedly YELLS WAIT UP pinpointing to the infected exactly where they are . Dumbo and Selena are saved by an apartment survivor named Frank but to their discredit leave him alone to fight off the monsters they led to him . Frank survives and he and Hannah , his child , give them shelter in their apartment . Frank took the calculated risk that even though his Christmas lights would attract the infected , they might also attract people to help him escape the building with his daughter as they could not do it alone . Bad luck for Frank 's small family to hook up with Dumbo.Wise Hannah and proven survivors Selena and Frank have to persuade wimpy fearful Dumbo to leave the apartment and go to an advertised military location . They escape in a taxi which Frank drives like a tank until they have flat tire . With Frank and Jim lifting the taxi , Hannah and Selena change the tire and they barely escape the ragers.At this point , again one wonders if Jim 's stupidity is n't contagious because survive by their wits up to this point Hannah , Frank and Selena behave stupidly . After barely escaping , they stop at a large glass fronted grocery store where they do not post a look out but instead joyously run wildly up and down the aisles making lots of noise in full view of the street and luck is with them - no infected . Later , they stop at a parked gas tanker and this time Selena smartly acts as a lookout while Frank siphons gas and Hannah is told to stay safely inside the taxi . Predictably Dumbo leaves the group to wonder around alone jokingly looking for a `` cheeseburger '' after Marlene tells him to stick together . Dumbo walks into the gas station , sees a dead body with evidence of violence all around proceeds to do what he does best YELL HELLO ! This time he is attacked.Later , they all sleep outside in the open , defying common sense , and build a nice fire to attract lots of monsters but luckily none show up . Even more stupidly , Dumbo wakes up Selena to ask how she is sleeping when he and Hannah can not . Defying life and death common sense , the normally smart Selena gives Dumbo Valium and Dumbo persuades the normally smart Frank to let him give young Hannah Valium also . Dumbo laughingly says they wo n't care if they get attacked now . Monsters are crawling all over and they take Valium ? Worse , Frank stays up all night keeping watch and Dumbo and Selena do n't offer to spot him . Next day Frank is cranky from lack of sleep and gets angry when there is no one at the military area . Frank goes off by himself , gets annoyed by a crow and kicks a wall causing a drop of blood to fall into his eye from a hanging body infecting him . Selena does n't have her weapon and yells at Dumbo to kill Frank with his bat and the idiot hesitates so soldiers kill Frank.The contrived `` romance '' between Selena/Jim insulted viewer intelligence . Their kiss was reminiscent of the kiss between Marie Presley/Michael Jackson.The soldiers take them to their compound where the major actually cups Dumbo 's head in his hand like a child treating him exactly like the moron he is . And , one realizes if Hannah and Selena had n't been with Jim , this major would put Jim -LRB- with his large expressive eyes/hairless body/delicate frame -RRB- into a pink striped kitchen smock and forced him into the existing `` role '' the cook there was already performing.It defies viewer 's logic to believe this ineffective wimpy Dumbo escapes the soldiers -LRB- and later miraculously his large black plastic or metal handcuffs -RRB- and saves the girls from being sex slaves . They escape ; settle in a not so safe place as cameras pan in on roaming monsters and then pan in on child Hannah working outside all alone . Viewers cringe again as no reasonable adult would allow this.Naturally , they make a huge sign to signal a plane and the sign does n't say SOS or HELP but says HELLO ! Defies common sense.NOTE
 Blu-Ray Quality is Horrible . Skip it skip it skip it . There 's no excuse for this anymore , maybe if it was a hand held camera like Cloverfield it 'd be fine .
 Let me say this first
 wow . i love this movie , BUT i rented -LRB- glad i did -RRB- this movie from netflix on blu ray . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE BLU-RAY VERSION OF THIS MOVIE.there is probably a reason it only costs $ 20 on blu-ray . think about it . need i say more ?
 I love horror movies . I really do . This is n't a horror movie , it 's just horrible . After the first few minutes , the only reason I continued to watch this was because my boyfriend was watching it and there was n't anything better to do . It 's awful . I do n't get why people think this is a good movie or even comparable to the exorcist . It 's slow moving and just plain BAD . I do n't get how it gives you something to think about ... I 'm convinced these people are just in denial about how awful this movie really was and they 're trying to talk themselves into liking it .
 What was this ? It was cool for like 5 mins when he was the only one there walking around by himself . Very boring I couldnt ' t wait for it to be over.Every movie gets one star for trying .
 i do n't own the dvd but i saw the movie in theaters and let me just say DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . if you have n't seen the movie then do n't buy the DVD . it 's a horrible incredibly stupid and NOT SCARY movie . if you saw the movie and liked it -LRB- all two of you out there -RRB- then by all means buy the DVD , but if not DO N'T DO IT
 After seeing the previews , and then the interviews with people during and after the movie who were shown screaming in the theater and singing praises to it 's horror , my boyfriend and I were excited to see 28 Days Later . But after the first 20 minutes I was ready to demand my money back -LRB- my boyfriend , however , is stubborn and wanted to finish it -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong - I admire Cillian Murphy and Danny Boyle , and the use of digital filming was very creative . However , it was n't scary in the least . It was a joke . And the whole `` end-of-the-world , women-as-sex-slaves bit was ridiculous . If this were a first-time director using homemade props and kitchen-brewed special effects , I might be slightly impressed . Oh , I know it was a `` low budget independent film '' - it 's budget was a mere $ 8 million . $ 8 million !?! Give me a break!As a movie fan , especially sci-fi type flicks , I am completely baffled by the good reviews given to this movie by other people . Like one of those who did rate it -LRB- in my mind -RRB- accurately , it makes me wonder if I saw the same movie everyone else did . The only explanation I can come up with is mass hallucination , perhaps via spiked popcorn , and as we did n't munch that time , we managed to escape the poisoning ... If you insist on seeing this movie , I would advise you to go in with very low expectations ; maybe then you wo n't have as far to fall as we did .
 If I had the movie on DVD and used an up converter , it would look better than this . Other than that , the movie is an excellent one.But do n't dish out extra cash hoping to get something of 1080p quality .
 I do n't know why but this movie does not look good on Blu-Ray at all . Could be my player -LRB- PS3 -RRB- but it looks like it was upcoded badly . Would not recommend . I have six other Blu-Ray that look perfect . Do n't know what happened to this one .
 When I left after seeing this movie I have to say I was honestly not impressed at all . I thought it was boring and just plain weird . I left the theater thinking `` what the hell was that '' . I thought the plot was just stupid and there were certain scenes that were simply unnecessary . Some scenes look as if they were just thrown in there to add time to the movie so the movie was n't only 30 minutes . The opening is probably the most boring since there is about 15 minutes of nothing except a man walking around an empty city . I understand that was used to show that everyone died but for goodness sakes did it have to seem like it went on for days ? I got the point after about 2 minutes of it . I did not like it and do not recommend it to people usless they really really like the zombi coming back to life and killing humans so they can live thing . I think this is a movie you either love or hate , there is no in between and for me it is all hate .
 ... I found myself `` un `` involved & thinking about what I did earlier in the day . After a very boring first 20 minutes I thought that I 'd give the movie a few more minutes to pick up . Sadly it did n't pick up enough to hold my attention . I thought the film would have been right up my alley because I love zombie/horror , but it just seemed to take itself way to serious for it 's own good . And it 's not really a horror film at all . A few chase scenes and some bloody vomit does n't mean you have a horror film . All and all the biggest problem was that it was overwelmingly dull . 1 star for the chic that hacked up that dude who became infected .
 This is possibly one of the worst movies I have seen in my whole life . The idea of the movie was horrible in itself . Anger as a disease that is contagious and was spread to humans by monkeys ? Come on . After that opening scene I already knew how much I was going to hate the movie . After that they go forward in time 28 days and this guy wakes up in a hospital bed . They really do n't explain much about this guys character but he is the main character.This is the one part of the movie that I really enjoyed . They had a beautiful montage of him walking through an empty city . The camera angles were just right . After this it all began to go down hill.I 'm not going to reveal anymore of the plot incase you actually feel the need to destroy your precious brain cells and sit through this like I did . But I will say this . Through out the movie there are multiple plot holes and also a lack of a plot at times . I also noticed that a large majority of the movie just showed them driving in a car . They did that for at least 15 minutes of the movie without dialogue.Oh , and now onto dialogue . The dialogue was horribly weak in it . In fact they rarely even talked in the movie about anything relavent to the plot . And one thing that really irked me was that the infected humans barely made any appearences in the movie . I was really disappointed in that . They could of at least thrown in some more violence just so that you would be distracted from how horrible of a movie it was.Now for character development . There was none . All of the characters stayed the same throughout the whole movie . Except the main character . Throughout the whole movie he was n't violent at all and you could tell he had no intention of it . Then suddenly at the end of the movie he is brutaly slaughtering military soldiers . Hmmm , thats really random . They really never justified this change of his character it just happened.There was one thing that they did pretty good in it . The music fit in perfectly with every scene . I 'm really stretching hard here for positives but I am finding it quite difficult to do . Oh well , I give up . This concludes my rant on one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 I admit it . I bought into the hype . This DVD sucks . Sucks . Sucks . Sucks . Did I say it sucks?I will not watch it again . Well , maybe again in 6 months , or more likely just to cut my loss , I 'll sell it to a friend I hate for $ 10 . Plus , the quality of the video sucks . It gets dis-configured and shifts , and is grainy and just sucks . It 's like watching low-light movies on cable that has been `` digitally compressed '' for my viewing pleasure.Not enough ? The audio is extremely quiet . I had my stereo and TV up to max volume and still could n't hear it.WHY DID I BUY THIS ?
 Some critic out there called this `` the scariest movie since ` The Exorcist ' '' . That has to be one of the most idiotic statements in the history of humankind . There is n't even so much as a nanosecond of scariness anywhere to be found in this trash heap of a movie . It starts off vaguely interesting , what with all of London being deserted except for one incredibly ugly naked man who wakes up ... you guessed it ... 28 days after the world is wiped out by a plague . He finally runs into some survivors who are n't `` infected '' and the rip off of `` The Stand '' continues . Then , in the middle of the film , with no warning whatsoever , we skip from a horror flick to a truly disgusting social commentary that makes you roll your eyes and ensures that , no matter what happens , you wo n't care . As it turns out , our `` heroes '' run into a miltary outpost full of soldiers concerned with nothing more than rape . And all of a sudden the zombies stop being the bad guys and the military takes over the job , because we all know that soldiers are far more dangerous than mass numbers of murderous zombies . Anyway , the film ends with ugly naked man -LRB- who by now is at least wearing pants -RRB- enlisting the support of one such zombie in order to kill the soldiers who are going to `` rape '' the other two , thus ensuring that the species will not procreate and therefore die off . Hooray ! . . That 's the gist of this amazingly bad movie . Do n't even bother renting it .
 This is a terrible movie . I watched it in the theater and was blown away by how cruddy it is . It starts out quite scary , * not the monkey part , but after * A man wakes up after a virus was released upon London , and he finds no trace of anyone still alive . This is fairly scary part , but it goes down hill rapidly from there . The `` zombies '' are nothing more than a person who has poor cordination , throws up blood , and babbles alot . They are NOT powerful , undead , or by any means unstoppable . This creates a very very very unscarry opponent . They take them out with no problem with just baseball bats . Anyone with a basic knowledge of a martial arts could just stand in the street and fight as many as they like until they needed to take a break.From what I have above , I would of gave it 2 stars . What happens next makes me want to give it 0 . They come across a highly trained group of soliders who fight in a team and use good fire control . These people take the 3 main stars into their fort to live with them . UNTIL later that night , you find out these soliders just want to have sex with the 2 female characters , well , the main dude aint having that , so he kills them all . Once it becomes obvious the soliders are bad guys , they loose all the skill they showed earliar . They fire their guns from their hips , they panic and drop their weapons , and they run around like mice , when just 10 minutes prior they took out 20 plus ` zombies ' without any trouble.The ended was one of the worst I have ever seen . They sew together a giant `` HELLO '' blanket to lay on the grass so an overpassing jet will radio for help for them . My first complaint is , why Hello ? Why not HELP or SOS , but HELLO ? Second . . they make mention that the jet has been flying over and not seeing them everytime they sewed something together . This is bogus , they are out in a pure green grass lands , and a jet pilot searching for surviors would not need to see a 30 foot blanket of HELLO , all they would need to see is a person or even a white flag . LOL i am getting upset just talking about it , terrible terrible movie .
 I watch this movie `` 28 Days Later '' with couple friends with intense expectation . Here 's my comment
 The movie itself is good . It deserves 4 stars . However , someone should be fired for allowing this on blu-ray . The quality is terrible . This never should have been a blu-ray . Buy the dvd version and enjoy .
 I really love this movie . I 've seen it 1,000 times.But the quality of the Blu-ray was terrible . It sounded and looked bad . About the only time you can really tell its a blu-ray disk was at the end.You 're better off just buying it on DVD .
 The only thing that scared me and made me think when it came to this movie was when I asked myself , `` How did they get financing ?! '' . And as a big fan of movies dealing with bio-hazardous incidents and in particular , the Resident Evil franchise , that really says something about this movie . The plot was not well organized or developed at all , and in acception to a few concepts of the movie , it was ridiculously unoriginal . I would describe 28 Days later as some kind of mix between the book The Hot Zone and Resident Evil . So if you are planning on seeing this , I 'd recommend looking into one of those two instead , you 'll be much less disappointed .
 THIS IS N'T SCARY AT ALL . I laughed at it . It stunk . I hated it , and so did everyone else . Biggest dissappoinment since Silence of the Lambs and House of 1000 Courpses . I hated this !
 I am relatively new to buying items on amazon , so it is very frustrating to both not receive a package and not know how to contact a seller because the original email was lost . Amazon did n't provide any contact for this seller , so i was stuck having paid for a package that never arrived . since i ca n't give less than 1 star , 1 is what you get .
 Seeing this movie I heard it was so scary , it 's just a lot of blood . I admit the movie goes with a good start but then it falls apart after that . The story isnt ' t all that . But I gave it 2 stars because I have to admit the movies looks great . The production design meaning . But thats about it . Only watch the first twenty minutes and then shut the t.v. off . If all the people of England died , then how come there bodies do n't even show ? It 's ridiculious . It 's just a real stupid movie that you should n't waste your time on . But it 's a british movie so what would you expect ? Do n't watch this film
 I must say that this movie really stunk ! It just didnt make sense at all.First of all , how come when the city is evacuated at the start of the movie , the main character is left behind in his hospital bed ??? And how come he was the only one left behind ??? Was he a bad patient ?? : - -RRB- Secondly , if the RAGE virus takes less then 20 seconds to infect someone and send them into an uncontrolable rage , then how did the city have time to evacuate ?? Thirdly , if the RAGE virus sends people into a frenzy , then why dont the infected attack each other ?? These are just some of the things in this movie that dont make sense . This could 've been a good movie , but in my opinion , it fails to deliver .
 This has to be the most boring un-interesting movie of all time . There is no violence , no blood and where is the gore ? All these positive reviews have they even watched this lame junk , the worst thing about it are the characters , they are so dull . Even when the so called zombies attack nothing happens , some quick editing and camera movements , the end result someone laying on the floor a mist all the darkness and only arms or legs visable . Take my advise and dont bother with this because it 's not even worth 28 minutes of your time .
 `` Scary as Hell '' is what the ads said . This is false advertising . The movie was not scary , probably because Danny Boyle fancied it to be more serious and weighty than your typical zombie flick . The problem is that it ends up being neither scary nor serious -LRB- when there 's no real reason why it could n't be both -RRB- . The word that comes to mind is `` pretentious . '' The movie 's about 60 IQ points short of being able to pull off what it hopes to pull off . It 's that same too-hip not-exactly-nihilistic pseudo-punk thing that 's apparently the rage in England right now and is getting just way too tiresome . `` Trainspotting '' was great ; this is BORING . It IS N'T meaningful or interesting , let alone exciting . What a waste of time - seriously . It 's as profound as an eighth-grade creative-writing assignment .
 Sooooo stupid , ugly , depressing , that even having Cillian Murphy in it ca n't save it .
 The film is 5 stars , my complaint is the transfer . Despite the higher resolution it only looks marginally better than on DVD . I even played it on my 1080p computer monitor thinking the problem might have been my 720p television but it had the same problems . The picture is too soft , almost as if it was n't filmed in HD -LRB- but of course it was -RRB- and there were specs on the screen as if I was watching it in an old movie house . Hopefully they will release a better transfer of the DVD and give those of us who bought this a discount on it : -RRB-
 28 DAYS LATER ... -LRB- UK - 2002 -RRB- Aspect ratio
 This movie does n't do anything that was n't done better in several films
 I can not understand why this movie is so popular . Every critic around praised it as groundbreaking . It 's not ! It 's a remake of Romero 's Day of the Dead . The only changes are British accents , running zombies , and a horrid , nightmarishly happy ending . It starts great . You will never forget the first 30 minutes of this movie . Then , it all goes sour . Do n't get me wrong , it does n't suck -LRB- except for that ending -RRB- - it 's not even that bad - it 's just a remake of Day of the Dead . This is blatant plaigerism being praised as groundbreaking . I was terribly dissapointed .
 I tried to watch this movie 8 times , and each time i had to shut it off because of how in possibly boring it was . So avoid buying it , watching it , or even thinking about doing any of those things .
 THIS IS NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE ! This is a movie about an epidemic , the disease in question being about a kind of rabies on steroids.On with the review.For those of you who do n't know , this movie is about a post-epidemic England and a few pitifully developed characters trying to survive . The epidemic is something called `` rage '' , a disease accidentally created by some scientists trying to come up with a sort of Super Valium to help people with temper problems.Okay , now , `` 2001
 I do n't have much to say about this movie , but that whoever made it , ripped off the story line from do you remember , let see now ... `` Let Sleeping Corpses Lie ? `` The movie was dreadfully boring and can someone please tell me what in the name of zombie films was soooo scary about it?Yuck !
 I hate to even waste my time writing a review for this junk ! But if a save one person from seeing this film it was all worth while . It 's too bad they could have made this film alot better but it 's to late . It 's not worth the 3.00 to rent it and DO N'T even think about buying it !! OK I 'm done bi *** ing now !
 I could not believe , literally , that I was watching a professionally produced movie . I thought at first that maybe someone was pulling a prank on me and had substituted some high school kid 's work in the DVD box . This movie totally blows ! I fell asleep after about fifteen minutes or so into it , only to wake up in another fifteen minutes , and then drift right back off to sleep . The acting is horrible , and I mean HORRIBLE . The dialogue is funny , in spite of itself . Avoid this dog , no offense to my canine friends !
 This movie starts great and really set the mood for a good horror movie . The actors are very believeable and I 'm a fan of the director 's previous work . So why one star you ask ? First I never really found this movie scary and I 'm soooo tired of the fast edit effects sorry blair witch is dead let it go directors ! Just because I can understand what 's happening Does not make you a sellout . The real reason I give this flick one star is for the last 40 minutes . When they enter the military base and all the soliders wants to do is rape a 14 year old that 's when the movie lost me . I have a strong stomach but I was sickened by such a cheap plot device just to make the military look bad . Did they stop their NOOO they have the military attempt to rape a second woman who happens to be black . What was the thinking their
 A very tacky , politically correct , horror sci/film that has nothing going for it except for a generic screenplay , bad acting , and very cheap special effects.The story starts with Jim -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- waking up in deserted hospital in the middle of London . He soon realizes that the entire city is deserted and the film goes back in time to tell us how it got that way . It so happens that humans have been infected by a rage virus which takes 28 days to incubate . The virus was in experimental chimps who were freed by overzealous animal activists . The film then becomes a cat-and-mouse thriller between normal humans and infected humans.A very bland film with politically correct undertones about the value of liberal activists and the dangers of the military establishment . A very contrived film with a cheap plot , lousy acting , and lousier still special effects . Avoid at all costs !
 Yikes , another Euro Road trip through empty city-scapes , pursued by red-eyed zombies , with lots of close angle shots in the rain . It 's dog soldiers meets night of the living dead . Let the plague take this one . . I wo n't miss it , but you should .
 ... REVIEW ORIGINALLY PUBLISHED ON 17 SEPTEMBER , 2003 VIA AMAZON CANADAThe promotion for this movie here in Australia was full on . It was sleek effective marketing . I suspect it appeals to people who are nihilist & somewhat fall for Nostradamus ` end of the world ' gimmicks . The marketing was also misleading . I thought I would get more bang for my buck with zombies flying left , right & centre of the CINEMA screen . We did n't get this - it was very sparse . It was also very predictable stereotypical , what with the British military soldiers being sex maniacs & wanting to rape the two lead female actors -LRB- could this be a bad advertisement for our hard working army defence force troops -RRB- ? The only moments which had an emotional impact on me was when the skinny lead male actor in Cillian Murphy found his dead parents & sister in the house . It made me want to try to act more kind towards my parents on a more consistent basis . Christopher Eccleston -LRB- from ` The Others ' -RRB- was the best actor in the film . He exhumed a confident presence . Another unbelievable aspect of me for it was how the romance developed . Let 's face it , the black actress & the 15 year old girl were n't the most attractive females you would see . I would rather they -LSB- the producers cast -RSB- get more attractive people . I do n't know how they could fall in love in a short amount of time . Fair enough , she did save his life - but she 's neither pretty , let alone my type . The ending was lame too . If you want a ` zombie feast ' I suggest/urge you read the vivid book by Simon Clark called Blood Crazy -LRB- check out my link - I reviewed this book -RRB- . This book can be found on Amazon if you want to buy it . That is much better , more thought , philosophy & more blood . I 'd also advice 12 Monkeys -LRB- Brad Pitt & Bruce Willis -RRB- as an alternative better choice of movie with monkeys running amok & causing havoc with disease.Overall this movie ai n't that bad . I appreciate the expense it took to evacuate London & make it look empty . But the effect was n't strong . Vanilla Sky had an empty New York scene too & that had no impact on me too . Really film-makers have to work harder in that regards . All in all , it just did n't gel together this movie . Good while it lasted , though certainly overrated by the critics & the media . PS
 I 've only given this one star because it looks good but it really was terrible . I too have seen Silence of the Lambs , and was even more scared by Hannibal which i thought was vastly under-rated . Given the money that was obviously poured down the drain to make this I was appauled by its blatant product placement and the worst acting I think I 've ever seen in a film . Ignore the critics . Go see Red Dragon . Far superior .
 Ok , So I read all the press reviews about this being a great horror flick with a new twist on the `` zombie '' idea . On that premise I went to go see this movie ; Boy was it the most boring movie I 've ever seen . The media used to film the movie -LRB- digital -RRB- kind of took awhile to get over it on some sequences it `` felt '' right because it gave a sense that you where their with the character . That my friends is the only innovative thing about this movie . The characters where ok , what disappointed me was their was n't a moment that made my heart beat , They ONLY SHOW THE `` ZOMBIES '' SCENES LIKE THREE TIMES !!! WTH !! And believe me there was nothing special about these zombies . Most of the movie was talking . . no real good dialog either . `` JEEPERS CREEPERS '' , was a better movie then this junk , and we all know how GREAT `` jeepers creepers '' was . . `` piece of junk ! ''
 13 year old ` Scream ' fans rejoice ! You can finally watch a zombie film that does n't have any gorey scenes and will not insult your intelligence in the slightest ! I stumbled into this film cos I though it was the sequel to the awesome Sandra Bullock film '28 Days ' but was pleasantly surprised to find that it 's actually a horror which does everything right . Do n't be foooled by the fact that it 's foreign , this feel just like any Hollywood movie like ' 2 Fast 2 Furious ' or ` Bad Boys 2 ' ! This film is totally a breath of fresh air to the horror genre just like the US remake of ` Ringu ' . Highly original and does n't rip of ` Dawn of the Dead ' ` Omega Man ' or ` Day of the Triffids ' at all . I mean this film does n't have zombies that will kill and eat you , it has people infected with the `` rage virus '' -LRB- whoah I could have never came up with that name ! -RRB- that will kill you for your blood . And those empty street scenes , wow I 've never seen a movie that uses that cinematic effect before!The director is this really cool British guy who made ` Trainspotting ' you know the more harder edge version of ` Requiem for a Dream ' and he sure knows how to build suspense without using the old cat-jumps-out-of-closet trick.I sure am glad this was made with 13 year olds in mind too , I certainly do n't want to see a zombie film that show zombies biting people on camera , yuck ! It good too that it was n't made by one of those Itallian directors who might have shown guts on the screen or even hurt a real monkey , like in those sicko 70 's zombie and cannibal movies true horror fans avoid . The whole family can enjoy '28 Days Later ' and thats the way a horror film should be ! Also the suspense is fast like it was filmed by the same cinematographer who make those trippy `` Backstreet Boys '' MTV video clips , it sure is n't boring like those over-rated turkeys ` The Exorcist ' or ` Texas Chainsaw Massacre ' . I just ca n't epress my gratitude enough for Danyy Boyle and his fresh original horror film that push the boundries and is the scariest movie since ` Final Destination ' .
 Where do I get started ? How about in the toliet where this cheesy , worthless , crappy movie belongs . The movie is set in post-apocalyptic Britain , which has been rendered desolate by a biological virus that has turned the inhabitants into ... egadddsss ... blood puking , red eyed , f *** n zombies !!! Actually , they are n't even zombies . To become a zombie you first have to die , so why the hell are they referred to as zombies ? Just a prototypical example of the placidic ignorance that oozes from this piece of s ** t , low budget , cellar quality , over-hyped sh ** fest of a movie , or how about instead of movie we call it a two-hour insanity inducing torture device ? The first half-hour or so features the star -LRB- hahhhhahhah -RRB- walking around a deserted London . And he walks , and he walks , and he ... get the picture ? The writer must have thought that he was doing a brillant job to evoke the solitude of the post-apocalyptic atmosphere ... ever here of overkill pal ? At this point in the film I wanted to walk out -LRB- My God how merciful that would have been ! -RRB- and get the hell away from this cursed sh ** fest , but I was accompanied by friends and did n't want to leave because we did * pay * , yes actual money to see this sh ** . So this dumba ** guy wonders around , looking stupid -LRB- although he did n't have to look hard -RRB- and taking in the freakin scenery . By the way , he had been in a coma for 28 days , hence the name of the sh ** fest 28 Days Later . And he walks and walks some more ... HE LOVED TO WALK ! Finally he comes into contact with SURVIVORS ! Wow ! Zowsers ! But guess what ? Even though they are fighting for their lives , outnumbered a zillion to one by these plauge victims -LRB- oh sorry , ZOMBIES -RRB- they do not get a SINGLE GUN ? What the hell ? Who in their right freakin mind would not go get a damn gun in this situation ? So these two survivors hook up with the star , a great Omega Man rip-off , I still ca n't remember his name , nor do I want to ! So the zombies chase them -LRB- ohhhhhhh -RRB- and they run to this dumbass building where they escape and meet more survivors ! Yes ! They talk about how it never rains and they do n't have water . At this point my mind is friggin numb it would have taken electric shock therapy to resucitate a response from my poor brain . Then the Zombie Possee as I call them , get a message from this radio that says more people are alive ! I 'll be damned ! For an end of the world scenario there sure are a lot of surviors ! They then begin their journey to Eden away from the plague infested city , and almost get caught by the * scary * zombies . On their way to Eden they find a small farm . They sit and talk and look around , damned exciting stuff eh ? Oh man this is such a thrilling flick ! Look out Exorcist your mantle as scariest movie ever is barely holding on ! They then drive off in search of ... yes ` Eden ' . They find army soldiers at a military base , the dumb looking Omega Man rip-off is like ... `` Whoa dude ... this is heavy sh ** . '' If they had gone out on the streets of L.A. , found a drunken bum , who could not speak it would have been an infinitely better choice for this film 's star ! The budget for this film looked like it was around $ 100,000 ; counting the knock-off Omega Man 's salary ! After they find the source of the radio transmission the Zombie Possee discovers that these military men want to take the women of the party and party with them ! The Omega knock-off pulls some big time heroics and gets the living sh ** beat out of him ! And to add insult to injury they take his women ! The army commander takes Omega out to meet his pet zombie . He says that he keeps him so he can find out how long it takes them to `` starve '' to death . Another mile-wide in this dumbass flick 's plot . They explain nothing about why they `` starve '' , what in the hell are they talking about , starving ? Holey plot Batman , this movie sucks ! So the Omega-knockoff eventually gets free and rescues his lady friends . Omega then gets in a car with them and crashes the compound 's gate ... then those famous words appear ... 28 DAYS LATER -LRB- Damn !! Can you stand the suspense ?! -RRB- Omega and the girls find them a nice little country cottage and are living happily ever after , when all of a sudden a plane flies overhead ! END OF SH ## FEST.Final Analysis
 Do n't buy this `` high definition '' disc unless VHS is your definition of HD . Transfer is simply horrible - blown highlights , unsharp , jagged edges all over the place . It is actually worse than DVD since upconverted to 1080p DVD looks better !
 I was really looking forward to this movie after see `` Dawn of the Dead . '' Some friends recommended it saying that if I liked `` Dawn '' , I would like this ... hmmm ... they were wrong.This movie is somewhat of a rip off and rather lame * as much as I hate that word . * We begin with a rather stupid beginning with activists attempting to free sick monkeys and then suddenly we see a man waking up to find London deserted . We get no action , no scenes of the plague going down , no chaos ... nothing . The movie completely skips it . The movie then focuses on a small group of survivors occasionally interrupted bu a few idiotic running plague victims.I do n't recommend this movie . If you like zombie movies , check out `` Dawn of the Dead . '' It 's much more entertaining .
 `` 28 Days Later '' is basically a rehash of a number of George Romero horror films . The one most often cited is `` Night of the Living Dead '' but in fact `` 28 Days Later '' borrows most liberally from a lesser known Romero movie called `` The Crazies '' . It 's directed by Danny Boyle who seems to get a lot of free passes from critics who should know better . His first film
 I bought this DVD because I read a lot of good reviews about it . This movie is awful , it is not scary as claimed to be . It says on the DVD that it 's `` Hailed as the most frightening film since the Exorcist '' , well it 's not true ! `` Sixth Sence '' , `` The Ring '' and `` Mothman Prophecies '' are much better in terms of Horror/Thriller movies . `` 28 days later '' story makes no sense ... Exorcist is still one of my all time favorite ... Skip this one .
 This movie was very boring and not even close to scary . The only thing scary about this movie was how bad it was . I wanted to be scared but this movie could not deliver ! Please do not see it unless you feel like wasting money and time to see a really stupid movie . I could have made a better movie in 22 days !!
 Alright folks , I put the money in and have a pretty decent setup to watch this movie but I 'd rather watch the DVD than the Blue Ray Version . First off I 'd like to say the movie its self is great but the Conversion to Blue Ray falls flat on its face . I 've got quite a large number of blue ray movies here and I swear at the time of this review this is the worst video quality blue ray I could find . It looks like someone took the DVD version and put the movie through a video filter trying to sharpen it and completely failed at it . This is a fantastic example of how not to convert a blueray . this movie was made in 2002 we had the technology to record a quality film . I 'm surprised a group of people considered blue ray experts did this conversion sat down and watched the final product and decided this to be a quality picture . I want my money back , I feel kind of used . Blue Ray means they put forth their best effort to give us a great picture * puke *
 This has got to be one the worst movies . It started off great and after that just killed over . It was slow , boring , and hardly any confrontations till the very end . This is one movie you should leave on the shelves .
 When I first saw the trailer for this film , I was elated that somebody had finally taken `` zombie horror to a new level . `` I 'm a huge horror movie buff , and I was growing tired of inane , slasher , pop-out `` Boo ! '' bores that are being released so rapidly and being labeled as `` horror '' films . So I figured this film would finally be just what I needed to scare the hell out of me and keep me awake at night ... I 've had no problems sleeping since the minute the film ended.I thought this was going to be a movie that created its fear through subtle imagery ; use the whole idea that what you DO N'T see is what 's scary.I was wrong . The first ten or so minutes of the movie are the scariest , I think , as it shows an entire city in desolation . The imagery is eerie and convincing and mildly disturbing ... but it just goes downhill from there and becomes another carbon copy of everything we 've seen before.The dialogue does n't help any either . From the very start of the film , I found myself thinking , `` Wow ... this is cheesy ! `` The only `` new level '' this movie rises to in terms of zombie horror is that now the zombies can run instead of just walking around aimlessly . But that 's nowhere near enough to make them scary ... And the pace of the movie is utterly slow . One would think this would add to the suspense and tension , but it only bogs it down because you begin to realize haflway through the film that nothing is going to happen.I 'll be selling this DVD very soon ...
 If you have n't seen Night of the Living Dead , Dawn of the Dead or Day of the Dead this movie might seem original . If you have seen one or more of the above classic horror movies , it will seem , because it is , totally derivative . Either way , the movie is awful . Insights should arise from the characters and story . The character and story should not be used to force insights down the audiences throat . We know that zombies are n't necessaily worse than people after we see 28 Days Later , because Danny Boyle has been jamming that idea down our throats for two hours.I gave the movie two stars instead of zero mostly because of the way the movie was shot . The distorted frames , the views of an abandoned London were all visually interesting . Ultimately , though , the movie is a failure . A contrived plot with a corny , phony script contribute to a moviegoing experience that is not that scary and leaves a bad taste in one 's mouth .
 I thought that the movie could have been a lot better . The acting was somewhat to be desired but it did have a couple of shocking moments.It reminded me to much of night of the living dead with a little twist on the zombies ... rage ... . I thought that Night of the Living dead was far better . God I hope they do n't make a sequel to this movie .
 I may have enjoyed this movie better if I had not already seen two other versions before this . The first version was called The last man on Earth with Vincent Price-he was left alone to survive when a virius wiped out the population changing them to zombies . The second version was called The Omega Man - he was left alone when a virius wiped out the population changing them to vampires . In 28 Days the hero is left alone -LRB- almost -RRB- to survive when a virus wipes out the populatiion and changes them to zombie/vampires . It starts out pretty bad when some animal rights people break in to a highly secure building of secret experiments without any trouble at all . They get inside and blindly release some chimps carring the Disease called `` Rage '' of course the chimps attack the animal rights people and rage spreads from there . 28 days later a guy in a coma wakes up to a empty London and he connects with a few survivers and they try to survive . The ending is bad , like they just threw it together becaus they were running out of disc space or somthing . be prepared for a lot of throwing up by the zombies too . Could have been a good re-make with todays special effects but it crashes and burns leaving the viewer feeling drained , bored and weak .
 Shot on video -LRB- DV -RRB- and transferred to film , this INDEPENDENT post-apocalyptic horror film should be treated as a low-budget exercise with a reasonable cast and a hot director . So how does it pan out ? The truth is that the director strives hard for realism and nearly gets there only to blow it completely with a dud and stupid second half.Essentially this is a revamp of the horror novel `` I am Legend '' by Richard Matheson crossed with `` Day of the Trifids '' with more than a touch of George A. Romeros `` Night of the Living Dead '' . The story starts well - man wakes up from a coma only to discover that London is deserted with a plague of zombies -LRB- called the Infected . . and yes they do just act like zombies except that they run -RRB- on the loose , starts to violently come to grips with this new reality and meets up with survivors who are trying to stay alive . The realism in the first half is shocking . It does reach right on down in there and makes you feel very uncomfortable about what you are seeing . There are scenes of animal abuse , child murders and friends chopping each other up once they have become infected . Nasty stuff , but this is how you would expect things to be in the type of scenario that Danny Boyle brings so well to the screen.Then it all goes downhill as the survivors end up going to Manchester to hook up with another group of survivors who turn out to be the army corp. . Wait until you get this ... . the army corp have not had any women and so ... . they go completely mad and try to rape the survivors . Realism goes out the window and sadly the film crashes into total and utter absurdity.Overall the only reason you should watch this is for the -LRB- 1 -RRB- Gore , -LRB- 2 -RRB- To see how a Digital Video Transfer looks and -LRB- 3 -RRB- For the first half.Not very good , but not all that bad either . There a lot of better zombie -LRB- * cough * cough * - are we allowed to say Zombie here ?? -RRB- films out there and certainly better post-apocalyptic ones . This movie just tried to get a more realistic edge but the burning plot holes make Swiss-cheese of things in no time .
 What was this ? I could n't tell if it was horror movie , or a movie like Signs , where it 's a drama and the aliens were just to make the religous story more interesting . And the brief comic relief scene in the supermarket did n't even go into place . One second there 's suspenseful scary music and the next there 's comical music with `` funny '' scenes . It was very confusing and just not right.I love the idea . That is what drew me to watch this in the first place . If they kept going with that , this would be a great horror film . Every horror film they make nowadays has the combination of horror , drugs , and sex , and it normally does n't work . The movie starts off with newsflashes . A monkey is connected to this machine and he 's watching the news , bad news , causing him to be infected with rage . That 's alright , untill an animal rights group comes in and free 's all of the infected monkeys , ignoring one of the scientist 's warnings . One of the monkey 's kill a member of the group and ... 28 Days Later ... We see a nude man waking up in a hospital bed . This is Jim . After putting on a robe and walking outside he finds a deserted city . Unaware of anything that has happened in the past 28 days , Jim walks around the empty city yelling `` Hello ?! '' and getting no answer . Thats is untill he opens the door to a church and finds the pews filled with zombie like creatures -LRB- still good , so far -RRB- and gets attacked by a rabid priest . Running away into the night he is cornered by more of the zombie creatures , but is saved by Selena and Mark , two uninfected people who inform him never to go out at night , which is when the infected come out.Jim discovers that his parents are dead . He joins Selena , who killed Mark after he became infected , and the two meet two more surviors Frank and his daughter Hannah , who have locked themselves in thier apartment . After a few days of staying with them , they hear a radio broadcast from Major Henry West , promising a sanctuary of some sort , and the four head off to get there , whilst dealing with the monsters who now roam the U.K. in the messed up world.The film went down under sometime during their quest to get to the sanctuary . I 'll give you the clue of about two minutes after Frank kicks a fence . The last forty five minutes in the miltary retreat was pointless . It changed the entire point and plotline of this movie . Nothing happened but useless conversation and a non-suspense rape subject sequence.The most gory scene is when Selena kills Mark about he becomes infected . It comes almost at the very beginning so it 's not like I 'm ruining anything for you . It was horrible . Extremly graphic and horrify , I was shocked about that . Just the idea is horrible , and not the actually blow . The movie is n't scary after the first half hour-forty five minutes . It 's just plain disturbing . So is the part I liked . It 's becomes to a point where the content of the film is scary , but the plot . Just the idea of it all . Wait for the video.ENJOY!Rated R for strong violence and gore , language and nudity .
 ok 1st im gon na say i hate this film mostly because it isnt what i expected ; which is to say that it isnt what EVERYONE seems to referr to it as : a zombie movie THIS IS ABSOLUTELY NOT A ZOMBIE MOVIE.just so we 're all clear on what exactly makes a zombie film here it is : ZOMBIES there are none in this movie not one.dont believe the lies these are not zombies -LRB- or ghouls -RRB- they are not reanimated corpses they are disease victims.if you stab them they can bleed to death they can starve/dehydrate and you dont have to shoot them in the head to kill them . this is 1 of the worst cases of perpetuated misrepresentation i have ever seen this is merely another plague movie all well and good -LRB- though not generally my thing -RRB- but dont try to fool people into thinking this is a revolutionary zombie flick when its not -LRB- even though they did STEAL THE PLOT FOR THE 1ST 3 ROMERO DEAD FILMS and shoe horn them into 1 -RRB- i do not like nor do i respect this fake film.in fact the makers of this film should be dragged in front of REAL horror fans to explain their actions if they can not explain their actions feed them to the zombies -LRB- let them eat flesh -RRB- these people are hacks and i offer them NO respect except that they were able to fund this atrocity and have it marketed as a zombie film!good camera angles good acting but the scariest thing in the film your going to get is the car alarm -LRB- and if loud noises count as truly scary i got a baby 4 u that will provide a whole new horror in a diaper -RRB- this movie is right up there with the scream/i dont care what you did last summer school of worthlessness if you love real horror movies avoid like the plague
 Have n't seen such terrible movie for a long time !! The idea is old . You can pretty much predict what 's gon na happen next which is terrible for an action movie . The worst is this kinda stories usually end up with no where to go and so does this movie . I believe those people who made the film still wandering around what they gon na do for the end during the hooting and that 's why you can see the alternative endings in the DVD . I do n't even what to see those endings because they will still lead NO WHERE ! Bottom line
 What an incredible waste of time , I ca n't believe that I sat and watched the whole thing . If I could give it a negative rating I would . The real shame about this movie is that the premise is possible , making it potentially horrifying . Unfortunately , the most horrifying thing about this movie was the acting.The characters were poorly developed and the character interaction was so completely ridiculous that it made the movie unbelievable . The dialog was idiotic and so poorly delivered that I started hoping that the protagonists would be kiled , just so that they would shut up . I was really hoping that Cillian Murphy would be eaten alive , or at least knocked unconcious .
 Obviously other people saw things in this movie that I did n't . Either that or they 're very easily pleased.If one word could describe 28 Days After , that word would be `` pointless '' . It starts out as your typical flesh-eating zombie movie , and continues in the same vein until the end ... yet nothing ever happens ! Ever ! People go hither and yon for no reason . Most of the people who are n't zombies are no less wicked , but again for no reason or purpose . A supposed military unit , despite having secured their area , degenerates into a band of undisciplined rapists and thugs ... But why?You 'd be better off watching the clothes dryer go round and round than to spend time and money on this ... If you want to watch a decent zombie movie , stick with Night of the Living Dead .
 Having recently viewed this movie , I can honestly say this is a must miss for all horror fans . First the good , the sound track was really well placed and worked great , if you are a gore fan , there was plenty of it , and I really liked that they did not try to just keep things jumping out at you , they wo n't more for a pyschological thriller . However , they failed on the pyschological thrill . The movie was just walking and more walking , the few short action sequences where good -LRB- but there was only about 3 of them -RRB- . Honestly you just walk out of the theatre rather bored and feeling like you 've been it for 28 days , it fails to have any impact and comes off as rather comical .
 ever since i caught the accent on these peoples voices i knew it would not be the best movie , but i still gave it a try . A guy wakes up from a coma , walks around london and sees that its hell on earth ... in other words there are zombie like bodies walking around taking bites of other humans ... sounds like another dawn of the dead , night of the living dead , zombie , house of 1000 corpses , and Scooby doo on zombie island . boring2/5
 WELL ! It is a bit like Woody Allen 's `` Sleeper '' - waking up from a coma to find that things ` have changed - somewhat ' ~ then of course Vinnie the P 's Version `` The Last Man On Earth '' in glorious black and white shot in the deserted Olympic Italian village circa 1961 is it ? That 's the bleakest - not forgetting Charlton Heston 's odd remake ... This one 's somewhat predictable - and somewhat yes - enjoyable as our rainbow troupe of survivors plod their way to salvation acress merry olde england.Chilling too since labs are open prey today and lord knows what ` walks amongst us ' these days.More of the plague stricken would have been fun along the lines of `` Living dead of the Manchester Morgue '' - but not too happy with the way Anglo-Africans are seemingly exploited in this flick ... . unpleasant.The male nudity ? Not quite necessary ... footnote ~ anti-radiation pills are currently available -LSB- no kiddin ' -RSB- should one invest ???
 This movie is very shallow . It has a good idea but not a good story line . The British tried to make a good movie but did not succeed . There is unnecessary nudity in the movie especially since the only show the guy naked . Unless you see this movie for free , do n't waste your time or money .
 I like this movie , I like a Zombies movies but in this case i like the movie en DVD more years ago , and now i buy the movie on Blu , but the images is terrific , the DVDs is better than blu , of corse in this case only.Fox you must to change de quality , you boy a blu ray but it it not blu ray
 When i went to the movies to see 28 days later , i was excited . I was hoping to see a very scary movie ... it turned out i saw a movie that could of been very good or very bad . . it was very bad . while the specail effects -LRB- of the zombies -RRB- were very good indeed , but the story was very slow ! this film did deliver a creepy way of transforming humans into zombies and a very creepy way the zombies attack he humans . The film needed more suspense and action added to it .
 I was very disappointed in this movie . It is dull . It is not scary . It has very few ideas , once you get past the main ones . I think it 's safe to say that , despite what the ads promised , zombie horror remains steadfastly NOT re-invented , nor is this `` Scary as Hell . `` The problems begin soon after Jim , our protagonist , awakes . He wanders around empty London for like five minutes , as I thought `` This is getting boring . '' Then the ALT-ROCK SOUNDTRACK -LRB- it survived the apocalypse !! -RRB- kicks in , and then he wanders around empty London for FIVE MORE MINUTES !!!! This is endemic of the whole movie
 When I first heard about this movie , I was looking forward to a better `` Post-apocalyptic zombie movie '' Instead of magically-animated , lumbering piles of flesh , they would be sleeker , faster , more dangerous . At least vague references to medical science were promised.Boy was I wrong ... # 1 This movie is a clumsy social commentary , not a horror movie , as it is billed . All plot elements are subsumed to this goal . Characters act out of character , and the plot lurches towards the end statement envisioned by the writer/director . Watch this movie if you want to appear intelligent/deep/profound . # 2 If I 'd known that Danny Boyle was also responsible for the freakshow known as `` The Beach , '' I never would have seen this movie . The `` 28 days '' plotline is ripped off from that movie . Ah , yes , all of us are barely held in check by society/civilization ... we 'd break loose , rape/kill/rampage , without society 's constraints . Boyle might have well as used Leonardo DiCaprio as `` Jim , '' except leave the headband at home while filming the rampage at the end . # 3 Can we have some intelligent characters in the movie ? Is it required to have bumbling heroes that survive only through dumb luck ? Would YOU light a candle in front of open windows , while zombies are prowling outside ? Is it too much to ask that they not wander off alone ? Can they plan ahead ? Would they really have a picnic in a countryside crawling with zombies ? In a city full of abandoned vehicles , would they really take the worst one available ? Should it take a third of the movie before it occurs to them to USE a vehicle ? All of those characters should have been dead early on in the movie . Plot/Message was clearly more important than characters . # 4 The Soldiers . -LSB- Sigh !! -RSB- All of them are rapists -LRB- save one -RRB- only a month after the fall of civilization ? Is that the Message of the movie ? Men are only held in check by civilization ? Otherwise , they 'd take their nasty guns and ravish the local womenfolk ? If you high-brow 5-star reviewers truly think that , it 's time to come back down to reality . There are plenty of decent people out there , civilization or not.Aspiring directors , why did I rate this movie 2 stars , and not One ? * The background concept for the movie was sound . * The quality of the actual filming was well-done . * The actors were n't bad , just saddled with bad script/direction . In the hands of a director -LRB- as opposed to a preacher -RRB- , `` 28 Days '' had the potential to be a fine film .
 Now let me see if I 've got this straight . A virus has been released that is so fast acting and potent that completely eradicates any need to explain what it is as well as the plot of this movie . We do not know why zombies have red eyes , hate the sun -LRB- are they vampire zombies -RRB- ? Or why they have to puke their guts out ! -LRB- Are they bulemic -RRB- ? We then come across a man named Tim lying in a hospital bed completely naked . Apparently the hospitals in England -LRB- or where ever it was -RRB- do n't dress their patients in hospital gowns or even cover them up in sheets . He is apparently there for a head wound that is n't even bandaged up.ANYWAY he gets out of bed , finds some clothes and goes wandering the steets that have been deserted yelling `` Hello ? '' to nobody . This is the only dialogue spoken for what seemed liked 10-15 minutes . Despite the fact that there are no cops around he gets scared off by a car alarm.ANYWAY he goes into a church where he finds a massive group of bodies laying there . As it turns out they are zombies because our guy yells `` Hello ? '' and wakes them up . -LRB- Zombies need sleep ? -RRB- After fending off a zombie priest , he takes to the streets again and wanders them until he comes across 2 people still alive but who very nearly kill him because they think he 's a zombie . They then go to Tim 's parents ' house . Tim 's parents are lying peacefully dead in their bedroom . But at least they were considerate enough to leave him a note before they died ! After they 've raided the pantry , zombies burst in and are easily killed by the film 's heroine . After they leave Tim 's parents ' house they go off in search of more survivors . They eventually find a man and his daughter in an apartment complex . They are able to find them because the guy and his daughter put up Christmas lights outside their window which is completely visible from the street . And they wonder why so many zombies find them!ANYWAY they discover a radio transmission broadcast by what sounds like the military and the promise of salvation . So they set out trying to find this place riding along the countryside -LRB- and not seeing a single zombie in sight -RRB- . Along the way they get a flat tire in a tunnel filled with abandoned cars . With zombies bearing down on them they make the fastest tire change in history with the 13 year old girl tightening down the lugnuts . -LRB- She 's strong ! -RRB- This European car thens climbs on top of and drives over an entire gridlock full of cars !!! Maybe the rage virus got into the engine and turned it into A RAGIN ' MONSTER TRUCK !!! And despite the fact that they could not hide from the zombies in the most obscure places they are somehow able to sleep outdoors in the great wide open completely unbothered !!! Eventually , they find a group of military vehicles . The father turns into a zombie when a single drop of infected blood falls from somewhere and hits him right in the eye . BULLSEYE !!! The soldiers appear out of nowhere and gun down the father . The soldiers then take Tim , the heroine , and the daughter to a house being used as a compound . We then learn the real reason the soldiers put out that radio signal is because they 're -LSB- lonely -RSB- ! They want the heroine and the daughter -LRB- who looks all of 13 years old -RRB- for sex . Tim decides that is n't right so he starts a fight with the soldiers and releases a zombie the soldiers had been keeping as a pet . The zombie has fun feasting on the soldiers . Chaos ensues , and eventually they make their getaway in their car driven by the daughter who plows right into a cast iron fence with a big chain on it . Do n't worry , they all survive and live happily ever after in a nice farmhouse that does n't have any bedsheets because they 've stitched them all together in a big sign that says HELLO.Uh , hello ? Come on people , we can do better than this , ca n't we ?
 I just got a BD player a month or two ago , to go along with my Samsung 67 '' 1080P TV . I bought WALL-E , LOST S4 and the Dark Night as soon as they were available . AMAZING experiences , all of them . BD really makes a difference on a big screen . I also rented a number of recent releases , and each one of them stunned me in clarity and color and contrast . So after all that , I assumed that all BDs were amazingly superior to their DVD counterparts . Given that assumption , I was so excited when 28DL came out on BD . I LOVE that move , and I have it on DVD . I wanted so bad to see it in glorious HD . WHAT A COMPLETE JOKE ! If anything , this BD looks WORSE than the DVD . How can they get away with selling this on BD ?! I wish I 'd read the reviews before purchasing this turd.I did learn a valuable lesson though
 I would not recommend you to see this horrible movie . First off , the ending was ridiculous . It started off with promise along the line with Kubrick 's `` A Clockwork Orange , '' and then it turned into a very Hollywood version of `` Gunfight and the OK Corral . '' For this , Boyle left Hollywood for indie filmmaking ??? Another problem I had with this movie was its implausibility . If the infecteds were filled with rage to kill -- then why were they killing only the uninfected people and not each other ? Finally , I also had a problem with the ending . I wo n't spoil it for those who have n't seen the movie yet -- just let me say that it was a major letdown . Very corny . Boyle has a good eye for filmmaking . Maybe one of these days he 'll actually make a good movie .
 One of the worst films I 've ever had to endure ... went to it based on good reviews here -LRB- yuck -RRB- and my positive experience with previous work -LRB- trainspotting -RRB- ... characters were narrow , boring and depth of a wading pool ... with the woman as usual victums and `` love '' interest developed upon NO substance ... if you are young , boring , uneducated , I recommend you see this loaded so you can enjoy , otherwise -- skip it !
 The quality of the blu-ray is about the poorest I have ever seen . What was the purpose of the transfer ? I wish we 'd kept the DVD.And , by the way , the front insert says , `` BEYOND HIGH DEFINITION . '' Total lie . Total rip-off .
 I do n't know what happened , but arguably the transfer to Blu-Ray is worse than the DVD . Do not purchase the blu-ray version !
 Why did this movie get rave reviews ? It was too long , too boring , and DID NOT rewrite the `` zombie genre '' which so many people claimed it did . I found the the plot jumpy and inconsistent . There was no real `` feel '' of terror . All that being said , I think the main thing that failed this movie was the outside over-hype . It was nothing that I expected , because if it had been , then it would have been good . Sorry , ca n't recommend this one .
 The Blu-Ray video quality for much of the movie is so bad , it 's worse than the average movie on DVD . The last few scenes are better , but for much of the movie you will be wincing at how ugly the picture is . DO NOT BUY !!!
 Decent film marred by various illogicalities and derivative plot identical to Cronenberg 's Rabid and Romero 's Living Dead films . I did n't care about the characters , mainly because their actions were often unbelievably idiotic . Take for example a scene at night -- with rabid zombies roaming about -- our protagonists squabble about falling in love and f**king . Stupid . Another moment that sticks in my memory involves the silly third act , with Cillian Murphy freeing a shackled zombie at the military outpost in hopes that it will `` naturally '' kill the nefarious soldiers who are holding his two friends captive . Also , the demise of the character played by Christopher Eccleston , who 's hiding in a car , waiting for our heroes , shoots Cillian 's character -LRB- Jim -RRB- ; Brendan Gleeson 's daughter takes off in the car with Eccleston -- going in reverse -- and `` naturally '' drives next to the aforementioned zombie . The zombie busts through the back of the car , taking Eccleston . Ridiculous.This film has nothing on Cronenberg and Romero .
 My wife hates horrors , I love them , but if she says this is not horror at all , beleve her it is not . I liked the idea of creating fresh apocalyptic event , the virus named `` rage '' that spreads with the speed of light . The movie should have ended within the first 5 min when you realise that everyone is dead just few people here and there that are not going to last long enough to keep the humanity alive . But the movie drags on further to show you how those survivors act in this apocalyptic event.In just 28 days the virus infects the whole world - at least that is what director wants you to beleive at the begining of the movie . The end shows it is not the whole world just the island that was quarantineed to stop the spread . So the complete point of the movie was to show how humanity behavies in this horrific event ... Not worthed watching at all.This movie is not horror at all , the only scary thing is the idea of having virus like that infect us . I would say that even a kid can watch this movie despite the bloddy scenes . Infected humans that attack only at night are far from scary zombies seen in other horrors.In few words this movie lacks all elements of good film but most of all its scenario was poor and draged over full lenght completly not neccesary and almost no action or dynamics , maybe few scenes but they were completely out of synch with revealing the plot -LRB- if there is anything to be revealed , it is just too transparent and predicatable from begining -RRB- I would give it 2 for the efforts put into it , and for some good ability of the director to make something out of such a lowsy script.One of the worst movies I 've ever watched .
 `` 28 Day `` s starts out well . Yes , you see `` Omega Man '' -LRB- not to mention the best of all - the fine 1964 Vincent Price film `` Last Man on Earth '' -RRB- and Romero 's Dead films . But there 's a trippy topical newness to the start of 28 Days , as animal rights terrorists -LRB- and there are such groups -RRB- release a havoc causing virus into the British population . The jerky camera work is effective , in the short term . And up until Jim and his little group gets out of London , there is some serious dread . -LRB- The zombies are the most jacked up zombies in the horror canon . -RRB- But the movie 's mixed signals start multiplying quickly . I suppose one should n't think too hard about the story , but the genius of Romero -LRB- and others -RRB- , is that you keep it somewhat simple . For example , `` 28 Days '' hints at Jim 's Catholicism , even has some music to reinforce it , and then does nothing with it . Next , you have bike-courier Jim carrying on like a Special Forces guy , kicking both zombie and bad soldier behind . Rambo or St. Francis ? One reason I rode with this split for a while , is that there were hints that there may or may not be something wrong with Jim . Was he infected in some way ? A hybrid ? Who knows ? He certainly has his I-love-violence moments where one could draw parallels , due to the obvious direction of the film , between him and the zombies . And in one scene , he goes out of his way to seek it out . But the dots are never connected . And then there 's whole second half of the movie , which is a wash . The rogue soldiers looking for women to start their new world seems pretty silly and contrived even by horror flick standards . What 's also silly is how these same heavily armed soldiers ca n't kill a single zombie or bike courier in the movie 's last 10 minutes . Jeez , these guys are soft when something bad gets in the house . The mean little kids from `` Lord of the Flies '' could of done more with less.So in other words , 28 Days fails for quite a few reasons . Yes , it has energy and is stylish -LRB- especially if you like strobe lights -RRB- , at least for about 20 or 30 minutes . And then the virus wears off . And it 's only those effective minutes that get the two stars .
 This movie wants to be great and could have been great . But it 's almost as if two people were arguing when they wrote it
 I rented 28 days later based on coworkers hype about thismovie . I was a bit disappointed that the movie was solow budget looking . Also , the movie lacked a lot of thehumor that I expect in these kind of movies . I guess themovie was suppossed to shock more than entertain , butthat 's not why I go to the movies .
 The movie is not what I expected ... and that 's a bad thing . I mean , the movie was good for awhile and keeps me at the edge of my seat . -LRB- Which by the way , the movie is about a man that survives not having a virus in him that makes him evil and scary with red eyes , who 's trying to get the heck out of there . It 's like `` Resident Evil '' . -RRB- But in the end , that 's what I do n't get and makes me mad that I waste my uncle -LRB- s -RRB- or auntie -LRB- s -RRB- money ! Sorry ! :-LRB- So , do n't watch it !
 The ending killed this movie . I would have given it four stars if the ending had left a sour feeling in my stomach , but it did n't . The `` what if '' alternate ending is a little better , but , without giving anything away , the ending was just too happy . The first hour and a half of this movie were terrific , I was spellbound , but everything just fell apart in the last twenty minutes and the ending was just so typical . The ending was so bad that it reminded me of your average , run of the mill Hollywood horror movie . This brought to mind the bad ending of the novel `` Hannibal '' by Thomas Harris . I read 700 pages of pure bliss only to be totally let down in the last chapter . This is what 28 Days later did for me . I hope Danny Boyle 's next movie is as good as `` Trainspotting . ''
 Sadly , it 's NOT a sequel to Sandra Bullock 's '28 Days ' - I think I would have enjoyed it more if it had have been.I thought it would have been creepy . It was n't . I thought the main characters would have ended up being infected . They were n't . The underlying love story ? Adam & Eve nonsense , two people forced together , due to them having to repopulate the world or whatever.So what exactly was the point of this film ? It seemed disjointed , and seemed to have no idea what direction it wanted to go in . And I nearly fell asleep during it , although I was coming close , and struggling to keep my eyes open , when thankfully it got switched off . Only kidding . It got paused . But that gave me the chance to wake myself and splash my face with cold water . And then I watched the rest of the film . Interesting as it was.It 's a British film , which means Americans would n't like it , but if they 'd done this kind of film , they probably would have over-dramatised it and maybe made a better job . -LRB- I said maybe -RRB- Being a British movie , it had a real edge to it , to see what Danny Boyle was going to come up with now.The whole love story was totally dense , and felt like it was put together at the last moment . And for any ladies reading this , would you honestly go up to a guy and kiss him , when he 's covered in blood ? Something tells me you would n't . Why did there have to be a love story anyway?There are actually some good points to this movie . Seeing main cities , like London , completely deserted . No people , no cars , nothing . It felt rather eerie.If you like these kind of non-interesting movies , which no one else owns , or even likes , then sure , go for it . Just do n't expect a sequel to 28 Days .
 Starts out great then about 1/3rd of the way through the characters start to make such stupid , unrealistic decisions that I almost turned it off . Ultimately , it was n't worth watching .
 My expectation was big and what a disappointment . This movie is kind of mix between `` Day of the Triffids '' and `` Dawn of the dead '' . In my opinion , they simply copy both films to make this one so for someone like Danny Boyle , the director , I will consider his work as a real disappointment , possibly a mistake . Why to make such a movie when you know that you wo n't make better anyway ? Romero made a masterpiece with Zombies longtime ago and nobody never challenged his work so far .28 days later is first of all , not scary at all !!! Quickly , it becomes not very interesting and easy to imagine what will happen next . 2 stars for the scenes of the EMPTY LONDON , a real exploit in my opinion but what is the point ? This film does n't deserve your time .
 This movie has a very interesting premise
 The movie itself is quite enjoyable ; I already have seen it a couple of times before , but did not mind watching it again at all in BD -LRB- which is the only reason that convinced me to give it 2 stars instead of one -RRB- . But , DO NOT watch it in BD ! The regular DVD quality is much much better . Recently I 've been watching new BD movies or even movies that I have already seen before in BD because I really enjoy the high resolution & high definition quality . This movie however is NOT IN HD QUALITY . This honestly without exaggeration is the worst Bluray quality I have ever watched so far.I ca n't believe how they would exploit people like this by just producing Bluray disc without improving the definition -LRB- which I thought was the point of BD -RRB- so that people would once again buy the title , expecting a much better quality of this amazing film .
 28 Days later was a terrible disappointment to me . I had heard about how wonderful this movie was from a bunch of my friends that are into horror movies , so I gave this a whirl and was ready to flush it down the toilet . The movie is about some monkeys that had a disease that turned people into blood raging freaks that crave human flesh . Though they are never really identified as zombies , they are close enough.So this guy wakes up 28 days after the initial outbreak of the disease to find that almost all of England has been abandoned . So he tries to figure out what happened while attempting to survive and you follow him along on his journey as he meets different people and interacts with humans that are and are not infected . There are a few different endings to view , but in the end , the movie just did n't do it for me.I can see where people loved this movie , it was n't such an all out horror movie and there were a few interesting twists to the plot , but overall , it came down to the fact that I eventually was waiting for everyone to die or escape so I could go do something else .
 I watched this movie purely because of the hype . If I had seen as much as a preview , I expect that would have been enough to make me lose interest , but I rented it blindly , and hoped for the best.I think this is probably the most overrated film I have ever seen . It gets off to a pretty bad start in terms of plausability , expecting us to just accept that one lone man was left unscathed in a hospital while everyone around him was attacked and infected . I do n't understand how it did n't occur to the writers that this is something that requires an explanation . It 's also pretty boring . So many scenes are so unneccessarily long and drawn out when nothing is happening . The five minute musical montage of the guy walking through the deserted city . Ok , we get it , the city is deserted , move on , something happen . Even the twenty seconds showing the stuff stuck on the fridge at his home was infuriating . Show it for two seconds , move on , something happen . I 'm sure some people would say those excessively drawn out scenes were important in setting a mood , but a lot of the early part of the film just left me bored and annoyed , wishing something would happen.Although it was seemingly promoted as a `` zombie '' movie , nothing interesting happened with the zombies , and fighting the zombies was a minor background plot , with the focus being placed more on human drama . So you 've got the boring underdeveloped zombie plot , and the boring underdeveloped human drama plot , both fighting for their right to bore you . Other than a couple of violent scenes , which really are n't as bad as some people seem to want to make them out to be , the film starts to take on an almost wholesome family viewing tone.The obligatory romantic entanglement is introduced , and handled rather badly , falling into the trite hollywood conventions this movie is supposedly distanced from . The cringeworthy culmination of this being when the girl is all oh you killed my captor now let me make out with you.The film is kind of separated into two parts , the second being after they enter the army base . The second part is n't as badly done as the first . It 's just an ugly feel-bad thing , with the army guys proving to be more sinister badguys than the zombies . I do n't find any major fault with the way that part of movie was executed , it was done well even , I guess , but it was n't something I enjoyed watching or would have wanted to had I known what to expect . The editing does become a bit garbled towards the end though . There were a few parts when I was like who 's this guy , who just shot at that guy , is n't that the other guy from before , why is he over there . It seemed like they did a really rushed editing job , and just took out random chunks of movie , leaving a fragmented narrative , where you have to fill in the dots way too much . I do n't know what they were going for , because it is difficult to follow , and there 's no reason it needed to be . And that 's all I have to say about this travesty of a film . I hate it . It 's not good .
 28 Days Later was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I am a horror movie fanatic ; 28 Days Later was disappointing . It did n't even make much sense . Truthfully , it is not even worthy of being rated 1 star . I tried to make the best out of the movie though . At first it will put you to sleep , but it got a little interesting throughout , but overall , it is a horrible movie . The ending is terrible . It 's not even really a `` horror movie . '' There is no action in the movie whatsoever . I ca n't honestly say one good thing about this movie . This movie was a BIG MISTAKE .
 This movie was extremely overrated . It didnt make me jump once and I actually started to fall asleep while I was watching this . I wonder how much of the actual movie wound up on the chopping block . ONe of my acquaintances , David Schow wrote the screenplay for a movie called Leatherface which got cut to shreds on the preproduction floor so I realize how that can happen . If you want to see a really disturbing and truly scary movie see Cabin Fever its much better .
 As a zombie fan , I was very excited about a supposedly classy zombie film fresh out of the UK . Major letdown -- even ` Children Should n't Play With Dead Things ' had a better script . I would have fallen asleep if I were n't so annoyed with how despicably Romero was ripped off . There are a handful of great zombie movies ; there are legions of entertaining zombie B movies ; and there are a handful of miserable zombie movies . '28 Days Later ' is , sadly , in the final category .
 i am a huge fan of horror movies so when i heard this movie was the scariest thing since the exorcist , i checked it out right away.oh my god , do n't believe it . i actually laughed when that kids dad got infected.not worth a moment of your time .
 This movie likes to think that it has a very original plot . It does not . This movie is a pathetic attempt on a plot that has been used over and over again in much better movies . The acting sucks and the movie is so BORING . I couldnt wait for it to be over . There was a total lack of suspense and the opening of the film is the the most boring and mundane that I have ever seen . P.S. . This movie is NOT scary . Anyone that thinks so has a very very limited experience with horror . Skip this crap .
 I wanted to love this movie . I really did . I love zombie films . But this film not only falls apart on its own logic , it `` borrows '' heavily from the zombie films that came before . In the film , a virus has gotten out of a research facility and spreads throughout England , transforming the general populace into mindless maniacs -LRB- or zombies , as Danny Boyle referred to them -RRB- . The main characters quickly find themselves in a world thrown into chaos , and discover that the rampaging hordes outside might not be the worst thing they have to face.Okay , without giving to much away , let me explain the movie 's basic zombie logic . A human being is infected with the virus -LRB- which should n't have gotten out of the research facility it was in in the first place -RRB- , and then turns into a highly aggressive killer . Now , those infected are n't dead . They 're still living human beings . But they kill everyone they meet . But if they kill every un-infected person they meet , how are there more of them ? Would n't they kill themselves off ? Apparantly there are thousands , if not millions , of wounds being delivered , but no killing , I guess . Oh man , such scary monsters.This movie also reeks of the classic Romero trilogy . You can literally call off scenes from Night , Dawn , and Day of the Dead that are in 28 Days Later . It 's like watching a Cliff 's Notes version of the trilogy , but with less logic . If you 're in the mood for a good zombie film , check out any of the Romero films , Dead Alive , or Evil Dead 2 . But do n't waste your time with this one .
 Just another Dawn of the Dead copyier . Was awful do n't waist your money . Watch Resident Evil instead !!!!
 Wasnt the worst ive ever seen but it was bad . It wasnt a horribly bad movie . The begining of the film looked promising and original and kept your interest for the first hour or hour and a half but the end sucked . Started getting repetitive and boring in the last hour . Had promise but disapointed . Id definetly recomend this over the zombie movie Resident evil which was about 1 and a half stars . This is a 2.5 or 3 stars . It had cool looking zombies and an interesting plot but overall fell short and disapointed . Also on the back cover it says -LRB- scarier than the exorcist -RRB- - THATS a JOKE . It got old after awhile and Its nowhere near as scary as the classic horror movies . Its sci fi . Another comment on the back says -LRB- it will haunt you for days -RRB- - ANOTHER JOKE . Id recomend this to you if you like sci fi or zombies just to see it but I wouldnt recomend it to you if you are not into that .
 This movie was hyped a lot , but by the time I saw it , I just did n't feel it was very scary or shocking.I really liked the scene that the Ave Maria was playing over 'cause that 's good music , but the move never really takes off.There 's a bit where a bunch of CGI rats come running through and I 'm thinking , cor ! It 's finally beginning . But no , not really.If you look at some classic zombie films , like Dawn of the Dead or Day of the Dead , there are zombies who stand out . A hare Christina , Bub , the clown . And topping the bland zombies is an even blander cast of humans.Even the worst Italian low budget zombie films , like Zombie 3 & 4 are more entertaining.This is , like , art , or something and so is n't allowed to be entertaining .
 Buy the DVD for < $ 10 . Your Blu-ray player will upscale the SD video so that it is indistinguishable from the Blu-ray . I 'm sure they put this movie on Blu-ray because it was shot almost entirely with a digital camera . So , the transfer was quick . Unfortunately , the movie was shot with one of the early Canon X Series digital camcorders . So , the resolution for `` hi-def '' simply does not exist . They upscaled the SD digital image before putting it on the Blu-ray , but any Blu-ray player will upscale the DVD for you . BUY THE DVD . THIS IS A RIPOFF ON BLU-RAY .
 When initial reports about Danny Boyle 's `` 28 Days Later '' began filtering in to my headquarters , I exulted aloud about the possibilities of a resurgence of the zombie genre . Could we dare hope for a return to the days when films like Lucio Fulci 's `` Zombie '' and the Romero pictures appeared with frightening regularity ? Well , all hopes for more pictures featuring the walking dead , at least in the traditional sense , dimmed considerably after I finally watched this movie . Boyle 's oeuvre commences with one slam-bang scene after another before settling down to a rather mundane series of events . An uneven movie in every respect , `` 28 Days Later '' did not maintain this viewer 's interest . This zombie picture does not improve significantly on the traditional shambling dead films of the 1970s and 1980s . History will consign it to the cinematic ash heap labeled with the `` They tried but could not quite pull it off '' tag . A true pity since the filmmakers actually explored a few intriguing ideas that should have worked.Jim -LRB- Cillian Anderson -RRB- wakes up from a coma to an unfamiliar world . There does not seem to be anyone around , not in his room nor in the entire hospital . Wandering through the deserted corridors , all he finds is desolation and destruction . Litter drifts along the floors , chairs and equipment lie in heaps , and an eerie silence hangs oppressively . Jim 's sense of awe about his surroundings grows by leaps and bounds as he walks out into the street . He finds no one , not a single , solitary living soul anywhere in the city . His footfalls echo down abandoned London streets as birds soar amidst the silent buildings . The occasional wrecked automobile and a bulletin board plastered inches deep with missing person notices hint at some sort of enormously ominous event having occurred while Jim slumbered on a gurney . With no other place to go in the immediate vicinity , he wonders into a church only to espy mounds of bodies heaped in the pews . Then , he hears a roar of rage . As Jim turns to flee the building , a priest lurches out of a shadowy doorway , moving strangely and mumbling unintelligibly . The man of the cloth suddenly charges our hero , and the game is afoot . As he races from the church and retreats down the street chased by several of these people , two strangers rescue him by heaving Molotov cocktails at the pursuers . Congratulations . You just finished watching the best part of `` 28 Days Later . `` Jim learns from his two saviors that a virus unleashed from a medical lab by a bunch of save the earth types swept England , turning ordinary citizens into frothing at the mouth zombies fueled by an boundless rage . The living attempted to leave the country even as the virus spread to points beyond the United Kingdom . As soldiers set up roadblocks throughout the country , civilization gave way to anarchy . After Jim learns his parents took the easy way out , and after a close call with one of the rage filled zombies that resulted in the demise of one of his rescuers , he and Selena -LRB- Naomie Harris -RRB- meet up with Frank -LRB- Brendan Gleeson -RRB- and his daughter Hannah -LRB- Megan Burns -RRB- . The four set out for a checkpoint that is still sending a radio signal promising a cure . After a lengthy trip that bonds the four together , they discover that the soldiers at the military installation do not promise a cure . These motley men , led by a Major Henry West -LRB- Christopher Eccleston -RRB- , are largely content to defend their perimeter from the occasional zombie incursions . Moreover , as time goes by the men begin to show sinister interest in Selena and Hannah , much to the consternation of Jim . What started out as a promising film loaded with suspense rapidly disintegrates into a rather pedestrian attack on the big old bad military . `` 28 Days Later '' still sports heaping quantities of gore , solid performances from a mostly unknown cast , and a strong central premise . The idea that rage could one day turn people into mindless zombies is a good one . When you have zombies , you also have suspense , which Boyle realizes through several tension filled scenes in a dark tunnel and in an abandoned roadside marketplace -LRB- shades of `` Dawn of the Dead '' in the latter -RRB- . The use of digital cinematography works well by giving the movie a candy colored dream-like quality that makes the violence all the more effective when zombies burst on the scene out of nowhere . It 's so heartbreaking that Boyle allowed the picture to turn into a by the numbers chase movie after the group arrives at the military base . The massive PR campaign launched when this film came out , and the attendant hubbub among the horror crowd , probably insures that a sequel could amble down the road in the near future . The conclusion of the film should quell rumors of a `` 28 Days Later , Part 2 '' - would they call it `` 31 Days Later '' ? - but always remember good box office receipts never stopped Hollywood from trying.The DVD contains more extras than you would expect on a single disc . It offers commentaries , deleted scenes , a behind the scenes featurette , storyboards , a music video , galleries , and three disappointing alternate endings . One of these conclusions consists of nothing other than storyboards with voice-overs from the filmmakers . The other two offer nothing radically different from the one we get in the film . Thinking about the picture in retrospect , I am surprised that I can not find the heart to recommend it . Horror fans will obviously see it no matter what anyone says , as I did , but moviegoers looking for a scary movie could do much better by choosing amongst a host of other similarly themed films that work much better than this one .
 I just watched this film and am quite perplexed as to how it garnered good reviews and so much attention when it was theatrically released . Shot on digital video , this is an extremely cheap , visually ugly film which rips off George Romero 's zombie trilogy , especially elements of Day of the Dead -LRB- the weakest of the Romero trilogy -RRB- and also adds in what are now hoary cliches from other post-apocalypse films . The film 's one inventive touch is that the virally infected do n't lumber around aimlesly but are infused with an almost superhuman strength and speed . Other than that , I wo n't belabor you with my litany of complaints about this film , since there 's already a surfeit of negative reviews posted . However , I was particularly offended by the deliberate stupidity of some the plot , such as the infected soldier who is chained up , who you just KNOW is going to get loose to wreak havoc , and the putative hero Jim 's act of setting him free , and the whole last act of the film .
 Wow , was this movie a disappointment ! On the DVD box it is suggested that this is a `` terrifying film . '' Try boring and un-scary instead . It is `` terrifyingly bad '' and should n't even be considered a `` horror '' film at all .
 28 days later I still feel the same . This has got to be the most over rated movie of all time . Before watching this turkey every critic and every review was boosting this crap . Saying how original the movie is , how terrifying it is and how great the directing is , boy have they changed since . Where was the originality ? Where 's the terror ? What Directing ? There 's hardly no action , no blood and theirs nothing in it that could scare a six year old . Do n't believe the hype , if you want to watch some thing scary try the Ring , Exorcist , anything but this . I have never been so bored in my like , however , on the good side , if you have trouble sleeping then definitely rent this .
 Points
 So sad when I got to watch one of my favorite movies in `` hi def '' and the picture quality seamed worse then the dvd . Felt like watching a vhs someone had spilled beer on .
 I 've been reading Spider-Man for over 30 years now , and when I saw this Advertised I thought it was an excellent idea . The actual product has some significant flaws , however . First and foremost is the quality of the books they scanned . Many of the issues , especially from 1962-65 , are so tattered and banged up that they 'd be graded 5.0 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- at best . The omission of the annuals and giant-size issues from the compilation is a curious oversight . And although I understand their desire to not have people printing up copies of their work willy-nilly , stamping `` MARVEL '' across every single page is distracting and disruptive.You 'd be hard pressed to find a bigger Spidey fan than me , but I ca n't recommend this software . If you want to read these issues you 'd be better off buying physical reprints , which are plentiful and inexpensive .
 After seeing the image of this product , I thought this was the official SNS-002 charger for a Super Nintendo . When it arrived however , I found out it was actually a Tomee 3-in-1 AC Adapter for SNES/NES/Genesis . I was initially fine with this , as it was n't very expensive . After plugging in the Super Nintendo I had just bought that came without an AC adapter however , I noticed big green lines scrolling down the screen . After researching it , thinking it was the system , I found out that was caused by a power supply that does n't provide the right power . I went to pull the adapter out of the outlet to check it , and one of the prongs broke off and stuck in the outlet . This was the first time I went to remove the adapter , and I did not use any excessive force . Obviously it no longer worked at all after that . After looking at it as I was trying to do when I pulled it out in the first place , I saw that the adapter not only does n't match the image the seller provides , it does n't even match the packaging ! The adapter shown right on the packaging says it is 9V 850mA , while the product inside says 10V 1000mA . Overall this product is a total waste of money and the seller is trying to completely deceive their customers . Do not buy this product , it 's not worth even the couple dollars it costs .
 The picture clearly showed a Licensed SNES power adapter . However what I received was a Retro AC Universal Adapter , that works with The NES , SNES , and Genesis . Not only was the cord length too short , but it was far too sensitive to shorting out . -LRB- A light tap on the cord and the system reset -RRB- Also , the cheap flimsy thing made my games look terrible . There was lines running through the screen . I know It 's not my console , because it was in perfect working order last week , and has been for many many years . I take very good care of my SNES , and I would never taint it by plugging this awful unlicensed adapter back into it . How disappointing ...
 This adapter is generic . It was made in china and can be used for the Snes , nes , and genesis.The output is 9v unlike the 10v put out by the official snes adapter .
 This thing is absolute garbage , they show an actual licensed SNES adapter , and what shows up is the cheapest piece of crap I have ever seen . I went to plug it in , and one of the metal prongs simply fell out into the outlet . To make matters worst it was n't even shipped on time . Making this my second purchase from amazon , and my second product that did n't work upon opening .
 This did not work for my super nintendo . I do not recommend this for anyone . It only kind of worked , it provided just enough power for my machine to turn on , but not enough to actually play , which renders this AC adaptor completely useless .
 do n't buy it will ruin your system . it made the screen turn different colors then will burn out the AC plug in .
 Bought this and tried it out from the seller and it 's a generic cord that has 2 different sized ends . the pack says 10v but plugged into the super nintendo i got the same thick black lines running down the screen and the screen would split while playing -LRB- bottom of the picture jumping to the top -RRB- . NOT convenient when trying to dodge fireballs on Super Mario . $ 10 wasted , i would recommend looking on craigslist/pawnshops first .
 This is a double tipped adapter . Is is not an official Nintendo cable . This causes a Rainbow Gradient and could further damage ones system .
 Be very careful what power converter you get for your SNES . The one they sent me was a knock-off unit that put out 14.5 volts and 2 amps way more than should have been going into my SNES and way above what the label said -LRB- 10V , 850mA -RRB- . I 'm very disappointed . I had to buy another power converter -LRB- in person -RRB- and fix the fried electronics in my SNES .
 It was broken when I opened the package . The cheap plastic had broken off inside and the outside plastic covering had a crack in it . I taped it back together only to find that it did n't even fit into the system at all . It 's not what I was looking for .
 Its says on the box its dor SNES but it is not ... not even near ... and nothing like the picture
 It 's now been exactly 30 days since I have placed my order with this company . I still have not received my product . I was scheduled to receive it last week , however , I still have not . I have not heard from this company in regards to when it will be shipped . I would not use this company .
 This was very disappointing . And it was a mistake from my part for not seeing the previous reviews the other people made about this product before making the purchase.Don ' t let the images fool you , the garbage they send you is an unofficial , terribly made AC adapter designed to output incorrect values of voltages.The packaging said it provided 9V @ 850 mA . The actual product inside stated that it provided 10V @ 1 A . This already seemed kind of awkward , so I decided to measure the output voltage with a voltmeter before plugging it into my SNES . . guess what , It measured 15.84 Volts , almost 16 Volts !!! I did n't even dare to try it if it still works.Do yourself a favor and do n't risk your valuable SNES by buying this device . Look somewhere else .
 Unfortunately for me , I thought this would be a actual SNES AC Adaptor , however it is a 3-in-1 that leads to horrible color distortion when using it for the SNES . Large bars of incorrect hue slowly cycle down the screen which for me renders the games unplayable .
 I had purchased this product because the description said that it was the &#34; Official and Original Super Nintendo AC AdapterNintendo Brand &#34; but what I received was one of the junky 3 in 1 NES , SNES , Sega Genesis adapters . The product I received works , however it was not what I ordered at all . If I wanted one of the 3 in 1 adapters I could have purchased one for a third of the price I paid for this .
 this plug did not pass enough power to power on either of my super nintendos . I was very disappointed . In the end I ordered one off of walmart.com and it works perfectly !!
 awful awful awful , totally false advertisement . Outputs wrong voltage results in poor picture and not as pictured . Do not buy
 This adapter was garbage . For the first few months , fine . After that , the prongs broke , chords would n't work and the case came open . Dangerous and crappy , what more could you ask for ?
 This is a cheap chord , a generic one , and not the one seen in the picture . I does n't last for more than two weeks and is spotty at best . Take your money elsewhere .
 Bought this about three months ago and now the left-side of the keyboard is dead . I just ordered a new Logitech keyboard to replace it . If it lasts longer than three months , it 's a better bargain .
 This is the first game that made me so mad I physically destroyed the CD . Here are the most infuriating problems with NBA Live 2004 : In-game : - A lot of shots by guards get rejected because you just ca n't shake the defender-When a shot gets rejected , it 's a guaranteed fast break for the CPU which usually results in a thunderous dunk.-Fast breaks for your team are nearly impossible because three or four players for the CPU always manage to get down court before you can -LRB- complete opposite of what your guys do . -RRB- - Ca n't a guy pass without leaving his feet ? Players pass the ball with their back to the basket -LRB- and the receiver -RRB- most of the time , meaning they jump and throw . And maybe this is owing to my lack of skill , but why ca n't I control who the pass is going to with a single-stick controller ? - If you inbound the ball after a turnover on your own end , you get called for a backcourt violation . I eventually had to turn that rule off to stop that.Out of game problems : - Trading draft picks
 I do n't normally write reviews , but this game was so bad that I felt as if I had to send a warning to all those out there that are considering buying this . This is the most infuriating and broken game I have ever had the misfortune of coming across -LRB- let alone shelled out thirty bucks for -RRB- . I was rather pleased upon reading the reviews that I am not the only one who has physically destroyed my CD 's -LRB- for the record , it felt REALLY good doing so , and I recommend it to all frustrated buyers of this game . Sure , you 're basically throwing away your money , but the game is atrocious anyway -- your money was wasted as soon as you got NBA Live -RRB- . A few of the reasons why destroying it was one of the most satisfying moments of my life :1 -RRB- As soon as you miss a shot , the opposing players are back on the other end for a -LRB- usually uncontested -RRB- fastbreak . Not only is this unrealistic , but it 's maddening for any gamer because there is nothing that he/she can do to stop it , no matter what his skill level is or who he 's playing with .2 -RRB- The CPU regularly comes back from 40 , 50 , even 60 point defecits , and strings together 20-0 runs before you can blink an eye .3 -RRB- Six foot point guards like Steve Nash suddenly become shot-blocking fiends -- more than a few dozen times have my guards gone up for jumpers to have them sent back -- to make things even more ridiculous , the shot-blocker almost always gets control of the ball afterwards ... then goes on to lead another fastbreak .4 -RRB- Graphically , it was a lot less impressive than some reviewers have claimed it to be . Players ' jerseys often had the wrong names on them -LRB- there 's something unnerving about playing against the Spurs and seeing `` Nowitzki '' on Tony Parker 's back -RRB- .5 -RRB- Control-wise , it was annoying that the steal and layup buttons were the same . Many times have I tapped the steal button on defense , only to have my player immediately launch a sixty foot floater immediately after taking the ball away.I am currently planning to send an envelope to EA containing the shattered remains of my game and an angry letter demanding a refund . It 's truly a pity that the only NBA game available for the PC is this disaster . For the sake of your nerves , your time and -LRB- most importantly -RRB- your money , I STRONGLY advise everyone to stay away from this . I also recommend to fellow unfortunate or misled souls who have already taken the plunge and gotten it
 Do not buy this game Nba Live 2004 ... It 's not good at all , IT SUCKS ... Players do n't look good ... User 's Players ' are not faster as Computers ' ... You will probably miss an easy open shot when you need it ... Players do n't dunk good ... I hated this game so much ... NBA Live 2003 is an awesome game ... In NBA Live 2003 Your players are faster and good shooter and also good dunker ... NEVER EVER BUY THIS NBA LIVE 2004 . . I like NBA Live 2003 better than this one ... I think EA Sports are getting worst as time goes becuase I tried NHL 2003 and NHL 2002 . . but NHL 2002 is much better than NHL 2003 . . I also tried FIFA 2000 and FIFA 2002 and in this case FIFA 2000 is much better than FIFA 2002 . . EA Sports needs improvement in their games especially in NBA Live 2005
 I bought this game last week and there is a serious virus attached to CD 2 that comes out when loading ! The virus causes the game to lock up your system-ctrl-alt-del and task manager do not work during the lock up . I unplugged the system and tried to reboot and get a blank black screen now . My ststem will not load up in safe mose or any of the other default boot modes . I scanned the disk in another computer I have access to and found there is a virus detected on disk 2 . The EA tech support board reflects this problem as well if you do n't believe me . This game just ruined a brand new system-do not buy this thing whatever you do !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 OK , a previous reviewer said that this game is `` terrible '' , do not buy it , smash the CD into pieces etc. . Well , he was right.I own NBA Live 2003 too . That one was terrible too . Did I think that 2004 would be an improvement ? No . It was clear ever since that the people who develop this are no real basketball fans . So some things in the game would change , but no overall improvement would be made . I knew it . I was right.Let me give you an example . Have you ever gone to a concert of a favorite band and see many people who only know a couple of songs , and that 's all they expect to listen to ? Well , this is similar . These guys do not really know basketball . I doubt they 've ever played it , even as amateurs . They have only watched it on TV . No , not whole games . Just the highlights.So if ALL you like of basketball is the fastbreaks and blocking dunks , then this game is for you . Otherwise , stay away.Sure , some things have changed since Live 2003 . Defense is slightly better . The freestyle system is worse . Player motion is worse . The Dynasty Mode is even worse and more arcadish than Live 2003 's Franchise Mode . There are huge bugs in it too , and no patch for them yet.Anyway , a good inclusion was the brand new `` slider system '' , where you can actually adjust things like fouling frequency , block frequency , double team frequency etc. . This is good , but even tampering with everything is not enough to create a simulation out of this parody-of-a-game . It is just not a simulation.The new `` 10 player awarness '' thingy has actually done things worse . Players usually choose to move in completely counter-intuitive manners . And of course , they refuse to mark their man and stop the fastbreaks . I mean , it 's really ridiculous.A last comment . Have the developers done all these `` mistakes '' on purpose?Yes , most of them . I can not believe that they ca n't program the damn thing not to go on fastbreaks all the time . I refuse to believe that they could n't make a game where scores would be realistic in the `` Simulation Mode '' -LRB- scores are too high -RRB- . They are just unable to appreciate real basketball -LRB- or do n't care enough to -RRB- . But there are also mistakes that show programming incompetence . The `` 10 player awareness thingy '' -LRB- or whatever they call it -RRB- is just poorly programmed.So ... why did I buy this game again ? Oh , yes , there is no competitor for PC , and wanted a basketball game to play . Too bad for me , I guess.In conclusion , if you hated Live 2003 , you are going to hate this one too . If you have never played Live 2003 , you are a lucky man , do not play this one either .
 I am bothered by the fact that the item here does not come in the box as pictured and concerned about reports of warranty voids . If it is n't in the appropriate packaging how do we know who really makes it ? We did follow another reviewer 's advice and picked one up at Target for $ 12 that is packaged in the box shown here .
 This item is advertised as a licensed Nintendo charger made/manufactured by Nintendo ... please be advised that it is NOT ! This is a `` generic '' no name branded AC adapter made in China and arrives in a cheap flimsy white box shipped from a company listed as UnitedIntegral . No where does it say NINTENDO . We used it a few times until I looked closer and noticed that the color is off from our original , we stopped using it immediatly . Shortly after -LRB- within a few days -RRB- the Nintendo DS stopped working . We have sent it in to Nintendo for repair -LRB- The DS lite is not even a year old yet -RRB- . Please be advised that using anything other than Nintendo licensed chargers/AC adapters voids your warranty with Nintendo ! I will update this review when I receive info back from Nintendo about the repair.I contacted UnitedIntegral via e-mail to request a replacement with the correct item or a refund . They promptly apologized and said they would issue a refund for the full amount including shipping . Great customer service ... false advertisement of product .
 You think by the description and the pictures that you are ordering a REAL Nintendo DS charger in a Nintendo box . Nope . Just look at the picture that I have posted . It is a cheap , Chinese imitation .
 This product is advertised as new . It is NOT NEW ! Upon opening the package , it is not in factory packaging , it is simply wrapped in a plastic bag . When I take it out the cord has dirt on it . You are not fairly representing your product at all . After asking for a return Video Closeout agrees to refund my purchase minus shipping ... That being said the product does work ; however , this experience leaves a VERY POOR taste in my mouth and knowing that if I do the proper thing and return the item I end up having to lose Money just does n't seem right.I will not purchase anything from Video Closeout again . I do n't like misrepresentation , I do n't like that the item I purchased has dirt and scratches on it and I REALLY DO N'T LIKE your displaying a new product when what you are buying is USED .
 I went with this $ 10 purchase rather than the $ 5 charger also listed on Amazon b/c this one was shown in an OEM box . Well it arrived today in a plastic zip loc bag . It has Nintendo stamped on the charger , but I have no idea if it 's legitimately an OEM charger . To top it off my son used it to charge his DS Lite and when we went to unplug it it wo n't come out !!! It is STUCK and I mean STUCK in our DS . We took it to the local game store and they could n't get it out and had no advice.I 'm going to call Nintendo , but if this charger ruins his DS then I 'll be calling Amazon to replace our system !!!
 CONFIRM BEFORE ORDERING ... needed dual voltage adapter for USA DS Lite while in Europe . Advertised as 120-240V but when received , it was same as original -LRB- 120V -RRB- . Not sure if I got the wrong one by mistake or not sure if there 's an actual dual voltage adapter offered from this ad on this site . Had to ship back .
 I ordered 2 Nintendo DS Adapters . I got 2 generic electric power adapters that do not work with Nintendo DS nor is this the item I viewed and ordered.I needed these by SUNDAY - Not Happy !
 Price was under $ 5 . It arrived in a few days like expected . It 's product packaging looked like it had been opened before and , lo and behold , the charger did n't work out of the box . Probably a used or DOA return that was n't quality controlled and sold to me ...
 Buyer Beware !!! My charger was shipped from a seller called `` UnitedIntegral '' and I am pretty disappointed . It is NOT the Nintendo brand charger shown in the photograph . It came in a plain white flimsy box , and is a generic knockoff , not the real thing . It works , so far , but I seriously doubt it is the same quality as the original one from Nintendo.One star for False Advertising !!!
 I ordered an international adapter i.e. 120-240V , as mentioned on the website . But today when I got the package , it says it supports only 120V and there is no mention of international voltage support .
 I did n't receive a DS AC adapter like pictured on the site . I receive a DS adapter in a little white box . Not an official Nintendo box . It looks to be a 3rd party charger . Also knew it was not original due to it has no UL Listed which it should have .
 I received my product in a little white box not in the advertised box . It also appears to be used as there is a slight amount of rust on the adapter . I hope the charger works for a long time because the seller was very deceptive in their process to the public .
 This adapter worked for only several charges before it died . I bought the rocketfish combo pack -LRB- wall and car -RRB- from best buy for what I wasted on off brands from Amazon . Stay away from this and other `` off '' brands .
 Charger came in a white unmarked box , and it 's USED . Completely disgusting crust all over the part that plugs in to the DS . The cord has a weird gunk on it too ; gross .
 I recently ordered this adapter to replace my lost one . The reviews were better than others -LRB- although I did n't read them , which I should have -RRB- so I decided to give it a try . It came in on time but when I opened the package , the adapter was in a cheap plastic packaging bag . It does have the Nintendo logo embedded in it so I do n't think it 's counterfeit but this is still unsettling . It charged my DS nonetheless and that is all I really need out of the product , but this is VERY misleading on Amazon 's part . And no , I did not order from a private seller . I ordered straight from Amazon . 1 star for the timely shipping . 1 star for a working product . Quality and Professionalism are nonexistent here and I was n't completely satisfied so 3 stars dropped there . Bad Form , Amazon . Bad Form .
 So , I 'm in Europe and plug in the Nintendo OEM charger and poof , out comes the magic smoke that makes it work . Turns out the adapter is ONLY for 120v in . In a world where you can get a great quality USB charger that works worldwide for $ 3 , why would you waste your time on this thing ? Do yourself a favor and buy a charger that can handle 120V through 240V . It 's just about every USB charger out there except for Nintendo 's . Shame on you , Nintendo .
 got it today it was in a white weak little boxalso it says on the white box `` Made in china '' yes ...
 Since I purchased the DS four months ago , I have gone through two of these AC adapters . The quality of the wire is absolutely wretched . You have to treat it like glass . I say this coming from the perspective of working and traveling with all kinds of wire adapters and chargers . Never have I had this problem with any other kind of electrical wire or cord . I have n't done anything to these wires but pack , transport , and unpack them , and somehow the insulator and the internal wires in the cord get ripped open . Nintendo ought to be ashamed for churning out such poor design . They need to make a better , more rugged adapter . Unfortunately I have not seen any alternative out there.EDIT : I have since found two third party chargers for the DS
 This paticular DS Lite power adapter is quite frankly garbage . Yes it charges the DS Lite , but it also creates feed back noise in the speakers and a line runs from bottom to top on the screen . The Picture representing the item wass that of a Nintendo Certified Product . This is not what I recived ... Also the cord is really really short only about half as long as the one that came with my DS Lite . Very dissatisfied with this product . I wo n't return it because the shipping is possibly more than what I paid for it .
 The charger I received worked fine on the DS , but it was NOT a genuine Nintendo product as it claimed to be in the item description . So , if you want only genuine Nintendo , beware .
 Finally , a Backyard Baseball game with the Washington Nationals . Here are some problems with the game : Pablo Sanchez speaking EnglishAchmed Khan 's headphones are missing when he 's pitching or during fielding view.Some kids that should ` nt be smaller than Pablo Sanchez : Angela DelvecchioGretchen HasselhoffIchiro SuzukiAlfonso SorianoNomar GarciaparaHere 's all the unlockable goodies : Abner DubbleplayBarry DeejaySammy SosaJim ThomeDontrelle WillisMike PiazaAquadomeHumongous Memorial StadiumQuantim FieldThe graphics are not that great .
 I 'm not heavy duty into the graphics needing an overhaul every year , but basically ran out to get this because of the promise that the career mode offered.Very minimal instruction booklet.The bad news starts straight away for me . The game kept minimizing in windows and could not be recovered without turning the computer off and restarting . Happens everytime I try to play it if I run any other major application before trying to start FIFA 2004 . Once playing it appears stable.More bad news . Screen upon screen of menus to sort through . For some reason the mouse pointer is not very good , and feels sticky . Clicks do n't seem to regsister unless done `` just right '' on the menu buttons . I thought this was just my problem , but have seen mention of it on other sites as well.Information is painful to access . Things like league tables are displayed in font sizes far too large - meaning you have to both scroll up and down AND side to side to read the whole table . I.e. on the league table it only shows 8 of the 20 teams -LRB- up/down -RRB- , and only games `` Played '' `` Won '' `` Drawn '' before requiring a scroll to the left to see `` Lost '' etc. . Likewise player rosters require a constant up and down and side to side click fest . I do n't understand how something this bad even gets into a beta test , let alone in a release version.All this is super annoying because of the mouse problems noted above.The Career Mode is very weak . The Prestige concept is good in theory , but even pouring all your training into a couple of players nets only a 4-5 % increase in skill over the course of the entire season . In other words - you simply ca n't whip a minor league team into shape though cleverly managing training . Everyone has got to be traded away like a box of unwanted kittens.Trading players . Wish I could tell you something about trading players . I ca n't buy or sell players . I access the trading screen , and all it says is `` the trading window is closed '' . I get information every week that teams are interested buying in my players , I want to sell , but ... `` the trading window is closed '' . It does n't appear to be possible to play a season through unless you are in Career Mode . The other options being tournments or practice . Thats right - you HAVE to play in Career Mode.The gameplay itself is okay . I 'm finding it less enjoyable than some of the earlier versions , but overall it 's okay . The facial graphics are really really good , but I like to play with the camera set to `` Tele '' and overall it looks worse than FIFA 2002 from that view . -LRB- I did n't play FIFA 2003 -RRB- The best thing about the game is John Motson as play-by-play -LRB- That earns the one star -RRB- But where 's Andy Gray ? I miss Old Potatoface.Anyway , I regret trading my FIFA 2002 World Cup copy in towards buying this . If s *** this bad came out of my a ** I 'd want to see a doctor .
 I bought this game yesterday i thought it was gon na be better but it really dissapoint me a lot . the graphigs are excellent the game modes too . But it dissapoint me , the game play . It is very terrible , it feels like you dont have the players controls . when you order your player to move in certain direction , it takes about 2 seconds -LRB- sometimes more -RRB- to move in that direction.This really dissapoint me.The game feels very slow . Thats really sucks.You can not create your own team.Those two stars are only for the graphics . I hope the ea do a better job next year . I think that winning eleven is better than this game . .
 I own 2003 and 2002 and this is a disgrace for a good line of soccer games . The menu is horrid , the gameplay is so slow and way to complex to be any fun . Not very supportive of hardware and had to go to alot of trouble to get it to work . Does not work in DVD drives . No controller custom config . This game is so crapy I would not recomend it to anyone , and im considering writing EA because they usually put out a good product . Waste of 20 bucks
 The graphics are terrible . FIFA 2002 was better . It is very bumpy -LRB- not smooth -RRB- , even on the lower detail/pixel settings , and I have a brand new Pentium 4 with plenty of power , plenty of graphics power , correct driver , etc. , AND I have downloaded the patch that was supposed to fix things . Each time I play the game , I have to start a game only to quit on purpose because the graphics mess up and the players are see-through and green . Then I have to change the detail setting to low -LRB- I have a powerful system , again , and I should be able to play on high detail -RRB- , restart another game -LRB- low setting means there are no numbers on the players backs during game play and it basically looks like Atari 2600 quality graphics -RRB- , then I have to quit again , change the settings back to medium -LRB- numbers are on players ' backs -RRB- , then start a 3rd game . Even then sometimes the players remain see through . If I made the mistake of starting a game in my career mode file , then if I quit I forfeit 2-0 -- ca n't just quit normally , so I have to choose to play the entire game with see through graphics or ruin my career mode . It is unbelievable !!!! I popped in FIFA 2002 for fun to see if I was remember correctly -LRB- I did not have 2003 -RRB- , and I was correct , it was much smoother , although without detailed players ' faces . The only good thing about the 2004 graphics is the closeups where the players ' faces look real . But again , the graphics during play are choppy and too fast , actually -LRB- I do n't understand those who said it was too slow -RRB- . It is super fast and unlike in 2002 it does not allow me the option of slowing it down -LRB- is this because here my powerful computer is kicking in but having a negative effect for another reason ? -RRB- . I mean , literally , a shot goes about 400 miles per hour for 50 yards if you look at it from a relative standpoint as it would look if it was real life -LRB- and the 10 minute clock goes about 5 seconds per every real 1/2 second and the players correspondingly are too fast -RRB- . Why not slow it down to real seconds and real speed , like Madden 2004 football does ? I should be able to put it on 45 minutes per half and have it go the real speed and still have realistic low scores , as , again , Madden 2004 football americano does . There , you can play with real 15 min . quarters and end up with real scores , sometimes 6-3 , 12-9 , 24-21 , etc. and with fairly realistic stats . If this soccer game had 45 min . halves , teams would get about 70 shots off in a game and the score would be 12-10 every time -LRB- not real -RRB- . In sum , my major complaint is the graphics are actually too FAST , if you follow me . Even a lob pass or a clearance goes up and down -LRB- the trajectory of the ball -RRB- super fast . In 2002 it was smooth and more realistic , amazingly -LRB- 2002 had its own problems such as being an arcade game , where , again , in 45 min . half mode , which WAS available , you 'd have a final score of 25-24 or something like that -RRB- .2004 game solves that problem as far as difficulty in scoring -LRB- pretty real -RRB- , but it does it by speeding everything up so it looks unreal , both the players and the clock -LRB- what I mean is it is like it is literally on fast forward in a VCR when you 're playing -RRB- . Am I the only one with these problems -LRB- the see through player problem described above -RRB- ??? Please let me know if you have a suggestion . I did , by the way , check my direct X 9.0 settings , other settings , etc. , and everything on my computer is working fine -LRB- I am NOT one of those people who do n't know about computers and have the settings not installed right or something -RRB- -LRB- oh by the way I did reinstall FIFA 2004 twice and that did not help either -RRB- . What I 'm saying , in sum , is except for details of players ' faces when you see them close up , the 2002 graphics were actually better in that they were smoother and slower . I mean literally the new game is too fast , if I may repeat myself . Literally a player can run 40 yards in about 3 seconds in real life , but it is like 25 seconds , literally , that have run off the clock on the game -- like the game resorts to the trick of making the games last only 20 total minutes to keep it low scoring , but yet you still get off 10 - 20 shots in a game , so it still unrealistic , just that 75 % of `` down time '' -LRB- passing it around and midfield play -RRB- chunk of the game that would be in a real game is just missing . This is NOT true in Madden 2004 football americano.Why can EA get the soccer game to play at real speed -- the clock would make one second be one second -LRB- like you 're looking at a real clock , not one on fast forward -RRB- , and the players and ball would travel at real speed too -LRB- slower -RRB- , and the game could be 90 min . long and still result in realistic scores like 2-1 , 3-2 , 1-0 , etc. ??? They have hidden the continued unrealism -LRB- too easy to shoot , too often , and score -RRB- by simply taking 75 % of the TIME away . The game lasts only 20 minutes in real time -LRB- 10 min . half mode is the max you can play , but they have the clock run on fast forward so it pretends it is a 90 min . game -- this does succeed in creating low scoring games -- but by cheating with time , not making the play realistic -RRB- . If the game play stayed exactly the same but the clock ran at real time , a 90 min . game would , again , result in scores like 25-24 -LRB- or 25-0 if you 're beating up on the computer in amateur or even semi-pro mode , in which it is easy to prevent the computer from even getting off a single shot -RRB- . As it is with the speeded up time , you HAVE to play not realistic -LRB- what I mean is you must push the ball downt he field right away every time -- no time to pass it around or simply slow down and stand there for a few seconds as happens in real game -- watch real games !!! -LRB- and yes I am a player of soccer in real life too -RRB- . The AI is even worse -- they immediately push straight for the goal every time -- no time to dribble around or pass around a little because the game is about to be over in 10 minutes !!! I bet if you could take the time to count somehow , there are like 75 % less total `` touches '' of the ball by any player 's foot in the game , again it is all based on the speeded up time thing I 'm trying to describe -RRB- Slow it down , like the Madden game . It is like the Madden programmers are 10 years ahead of the FIFA programmers in sophistication -LRB- like FIFA is about the level of Madden in 1995 or so , if you follow me -RRB- . Does anyone agree with me?Thanks .
 This game got much worse with time . When i played fifa 1996 it was really exacting and fun to play . I have n't played fifa soccer for 8 years . I bought this game thinking it would be better then the one I played 8 years ago turns out it got much worse . Bad game play , bad graphics , a lot of international teams like Japan and north korea are missing . I did n't get into the game at all .
 Good :1 - Free kicks are real as they are never been before in the series .2 - The presence of Portuguese and Dutch championships .3 - The presence of the minor divisions of the most important European championships -LRB- but ... see bad n. 6 -RRB- . Bad :1 - The game is too big . 64 megabytes ? The game often crash in my 256 megabytes portable PC ! 2 - The career modality is very , very boring ... 3 - We can not create personal tournaments
 It looks a lot like fifa 2003 , of course with some improvements but still the gameplay is not realistic . Graphics look good , players look real but its all useless because you ca n't play soccer as it is meant to be played , headers suck , the goalkeepers are robots stuck in the goal line . There is too many things to criticize but only to make things short , if you want a soccer game that makes you jump off your seat whenever you score or miss a goal , buy winning eleven , it is by far much more attractive due to its gameplay .
 I was so excited to get this game for my b/day , but was heartbroken when it wouldnt load on my computer . I learnt that EA is one messed up company ! I called 7 different EA customer support lines before i actually used a voice changer to make my voice sound like a big man , not a kid . But anyways , the gameplay is horrendous ! The fouls are totally unrealistic , you can go head on and slide tackle from behind , with not so much as a comment by ally mccoist on the refs contacts . -LRB- more on the voices later -RRB- . But if you do the normal tackle , 80 % of the time , you get some cheap foul called on you . And when i watch the replay , i see that my player came nowhere close to touching the other player . This really bites in online play , which isnt all that great . The off the ball control is pointless , because if you move a player open , once you send a ball to him , he gets magically covered ! As for all the new leagues , that is a piece of crap ! The all new leagues are like the minor leagues for the FA and Mexican league . They have 3 english practice squads ! There is no international tournament that i have found , and you cant use real madrid in the club championship , because there is no club championship . Now my last irratation is the announcers . not to be rude , but what happened to the randy hahn , and brandi chastain . Its really hard to understand Ally Mccoist during gameplay , his scottish accent is so thick , it just sounds like a blur . I think this could have been a decent game , but the gameplay , menus , and overall rushed feel of the game ruin it . Id check out Winning Eleven 7 , Its worth the extra 10 bucks . The lesson here , you get what you pay for !
 This is outrageous , the MLS over the argentinian , peruvian and colombian leagues , that is a disgrace , the people who crated the game obviously do n't keep up with football and do n't use common sense for the game , like giving a pass to nowhere when the player is right there , and why are n't there any skill moves , they exist you know ? may not in the US but in the rest of the world , why not check it out from time to time ...
 There are many reasons why this game deserves a 1 star . The only reason why I did give this game a 1 star is because it has player names and a numbr of leagues . The graphics are weak , stats do not compare to other EA titles like Madden . Control of the players could have been better .
 You know you want the players to shoot like in a real soccer game . But here , it feels like its the gameplay and graphics of FIFA 1997 . There is nothing great to the game unless you want to murder your hand while you try to press all the buttons . wasted too much time making the franchise soccer mode while forgetting that the game is waht we want
 I just bought this game and after a few hours look at it I really do n't think I will play it again.First of all the game is impossible to control with the keyboard . I have been a real fifa fan and have owned nearly all of them and always used the keyboard with great success but the buttons are simply getting far to many . And why on earth ca n't you configure the controls ??? Did the EA people forget it ? I mean I have never seen a game where you can not configure the controls!You can not configure the game speed like you could in FIFA 2003 which is very bad because the game is way too slow as default . At first glance it seems very easy to score with long shots and the shots look very unrealistic . And why did they take out the season play ? I think the game is getting more and more to lok like manager game but the main thing should be gameplay which is very bad in this game.And really the commentary need to change ! I wo n't even speak more about it.The 2 stars are for graphics.I could go on and on in here but I wo n't bother . If you want to talk with about this bad game then e mail me at thorirbe@hotmail.com.I'm gon na go and find some other soccer game than FIFA .
 TuxtucisExcellent :1 - The presence of Portuguese and Dutch championships , whose lack was the biggest flaw of previous editions of the series .2 - The presence of the minor divisions of the most important European championships -LRB- but ... see bad n. 1 -RRB- with the opportunity to be promoted or relegated .3 - The opportunity to see t-shirts before the match is very useful .4 - The chance to simulate more consecutive matches is a very good idea.Good :1 - To score goals with the head is easier than in previous games of the series .2 - Free kicks and corners are real as they are never been before in the series -LRB- maybe except FIFA 2003 -RRB- .3 - The look of best players and stadiums is often very good.Bad :1 - The UEFA Cup Final from 1998 is played in a single match and not in two matches ; teams winners of an European Cup should must play automatically the following Cup .2 - Four English division are too much
 This is undoubtedly the death blow to the FIFA series . Having bought FIFA 98 , 2000 , and 2002 , I was looking forward to this game . I was disappointed . I 've played 2000 and 2001 on the PC and the controls were fine on the keyboard . This is not the case here . I ca n't keep up with the numerous controls and what could have been a * fun * game turns out to be a frustrating piece of junk.Besides the keyboard controls , the gameplay is sorely lacking . You ca n't really notice how bad it is until you reach the professional level when it becomes absurd . No matter what I do I ca n't get a pass into the box unless it 's a cross -LRB- and then it 's almost always too close to the keeper -RRB- . No matter where you are on the opponent 's side of the field there is always a defender right in front of you to block any pass or lob attempt . This brings me to my main gripe . The passing is just plain awful . How many times have I pressed `` up '' and `` s '' and my pass ended up at the feet of a defender to my right ? Too many . Sprinting is terrible because once you 've begun your run you 're guaranteed to lose possession . Defending , while not as bad as attacking , is still a pain . The AI will almost always tear through your defense resulting in one or two defenders chasing an attacker as he runs into the box.Enough of the bad points ... FIFA has great graphics compared to its predecessors and the licenses are nice touch . The Career Mode is n't that bad , but it 's entirely unnecessary . All that was needed was a simple season mode without all this prestige points nonsense.Don ' t get this game , buy Pro Evolution/Winning Eleven instead .
 My first Fifa game was FIFA 96 , and , every 2 years , I buy another . After seeing FIFA 2003 at a friend 's house , I was really looking forward to the 2004 's issue . BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !! The game is really slow ; you almost have to shout for them to run ; it keeps crashing during the match ; the menus are some of the most confusing and useless I 've ever experienced ... Well , I hope EA Sports learns a lesson and puts the level of excitment -LRB- which was present on the others -RRB- back on the game , especially during the match
 This refers to version 1.1 -LRB- patch 1.1 -RRB- of the PC version of FIFA 2004 . Maybe later versions are better?First I could not get this game to run at all on my computer . EA 's support pointed me in the wrong direction telling me that the my graphics card was not supported although I wrote them that the demo had worked fine.After many hours of experimenting , surfing and exchanging the disk in the shop where I bought it , I finally found out that the aggressive copy protection used by EA prevented the game from loading on my DVD drive.Thank God I found a hack on the Internet -LRB- nocd patch -RRB- that allowed me to run the game at all.Next bad surprise
 this expansion pack has installation problems . We could not install even after downloading patches , trying other computers , etc. . Of 3 other people I know with this expansion pack , only one was able to get it installed properly . Wait to buy until the manufacturer works the bugs out .
 I hate to sound so negative but this game is not all what it is cracked up to be . Sure , there are tons of new items and magic gadgets ; and , yes , there are the neat places to go but the time it takes to do them all is not worth it . You can meet several new characters in the Magic Town -LRB- thier last name being Strange -RRB- , but you can never call them because they are always at work in Magic Town.Also , every sim I have created with varying personalities get drained quickly from harvesting the honey , churning the butter , and the other tasks that can be done.I also found the dragon character a little lame . There are three colors , -LRB- you can not choose by the way -RRB- , each color being a different temperament . I found it unchallenging to get the `` nice '' dragon , but even he burned furniture . He eats wildflower plants in excess , which can get very expensive and boring to keep buying.On a positive note , I thought the zombie maid beneficial . You buy her coffin and knock anytime that you need her . She even repairs broken gadgets , but at a slower pace than the repairman . Just do n't let the live maid see her !! It does take a while to load up at the beginning . Pets Sims was better . I plan to buy Sims House Party next , -LRB- a little backwards I know -RRB- and to uninstall this one .
 I am a big fan of the Sims and own all of the expansion packs . All of them have had success and has added something very unique to the game . The Sims
 EA has made alot of expansion packs for the Sims this one doesent seem to much fun . the main turn off is that there coming out with a game called the sims 2 in febuary and it suppost to be much better than all the other sim games . So y buy another expnsion pack for $ 30 when your just going to unistall it to make room for the Sims 2 in Febuary .
 I am a big fan of the Sims and own all of the expansion packs . All of them have had success and has added something very unique to the game . The Sims
 I am a big fan of the Sims and own all of the expansion packs . All of them have had success and has added something very unique to the game . The Sims
 I have one question for you
 Im a bit torn here . I love playing my sims game , however , Maxis seriously needs to lower the prices of these explansion packs -LRB- Im betting they would make even more sales if they would just lower the price by -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- -RRB- , as well as fix all the damn bugs in them . How can they be coming out with yet another expansion pack when they are supposed to be releasing The Sims 2 ? Im so sick of spending -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- a pop for an expansion pack , just to be disappointed again . I dont think I 'll be buying anymore .
 with the sims 2 coming in about 3 monthes , why waste hard earned money -LRB- or not -RRB- on the primitive game ?
 I trust EA with making excellent games , but even I ca n't help but wonder if this was a high-concept attempt at a Harry Potter cash-in . If you 're a die-hard Potter fanatic , this expansion might appeal to you , but a lot of people do n't like the fact that the series has gone in the opposite direction of an everyday-life simulator.After Unleashed -LRB- the best expansion IMO -RRB- the game takes a solid five minutes to start up and will take up multiple gigs of hard drive space . And that 's assuming you have n't downloaded any fan-created content from the web.Makin ' Magic is not an great expansion , but it 's decent for adding a couple more hours onto a franchise well past its prime . With The Sims 2 on its way , there 's not much reason to spend money on Makin ' Magic . I 'm an unabashed Sims fan , but after seven expansions it 's time to stop .
 I admit , the sims is a very good game . But come on people , the people at Maxis come out with more expansion packs to take away your hard earned dollars , Plus if you do n't have a computer that can take this amount of Space , then it 's useless . Please Maxis stop making expansion packs , I admit they are great , but why not just make another Sims with all the stuff together . Now I know people are gon na say , they use it to make more money ! I KNOW THAT ! I just do n't like to see you the hard working consumers be deprived of a lot of money . The game of course is spectacular . But people plz this not a review saying the game is bad . It 's a review written with you in mind .
 I have , nt had a chance to play this game because it keeps quiting before it gets to the neighborhood.I have been dying to get this game but when i do it keeps quiting on me i , ve heard that this is a good game but EA GAMES U COULD HAVE DONE BETTER !!!!!
 I rented Tiger Woods 2004 for xbox and fell in love with the game . Best golf game ever . Only one problem , no online . So I bought the PC version with great excitement . I must tell you it is junk . The graphics are horrible . Your player looks like he is pasted on the course . There is no interaction between the ground and the feet . The sound is awful , you make a shot and the announcer gives the wrong response . Your putt drops in the hole without a single sound . By the way your ball looks square as it is rolling around . The game play depth is very limited and uninspiring . Compared to the console game you really have very little options . The controls to aim and putt are difficult and time consuming . To be honest I could go on and on with the things that dissapoint . It is a cheap port in form the console . Get the PS2 version go online and have a blast . It is hard for me to understand why so many rate it high . Maybe I am missing something . I have been gaming on computers for 5 years and this is one of the worst game I have seen . This one is rough . YUCK !!
 I bought this game for a relative this xmas and it was very disappointing . The xbox and playstation 2 versions are very intuitive and easy to pick up , but the pc version makes it very tough to aim . It is so tough that if I could , I would return it .
 Players are not different enough cause you only get Tiger.I dislike how putting is done.Too many arcade elements for a `` sim '' game.CPU AI is not worth playing against .
 I say its a great game , if you like golf . Great price and always good doing business with amazon . .
 There 's no doubt that it 's better from the past versions . Custom Player , Overhead Fairway view , Clothings etc.However I was so dissapointed to find out that theres a `` bug '' that causes your computer to crash as you make your way past the Amatuer Level , It will frequently stop and crash.This software somehow affects your video card to stall and crash . Go to ATI 's web site and you 'll find some listed games that has the same problem with no solution.I 'm also surprise that no other reviews mentioned anything about this problem
 Quiddich , though only imaginative , is an incredible sport in concept . I was practically compelled to buy the game because of visions I had of the possibilities there , even though the reviews were lackluster . Well , turns out people were right . The passing and shooting is oversimplified , the 3D element is completely absent , and its a little too easy to steal the quaffle -LRB- i.e. the ball . -RRB- The bludgers and beaters -LRB- bat-weilding players hitting heavy balls at enemy players -RRB- were handled fairly well . The vying for special moves by accomplishing certain goals in a match is a nice touch , but another reviewer hit a chord when they compared their vision of a Quiddich video game with Madden Football . Let players compete at Hogwarts , Club -LRB- Professional -RRB- , or World Cup difficulty , and let them handle the recruiting and management of a team -LRB- or even let players you had at Hogwarts play on your pro club when you move to the next level . -RRB- Let the flying be more 3 dimensional , with the chance to play as any position all the time instead of just chasers , and you could have a game that redefines sports gaming . Right now , its just a cheap shot by E.A. Games at all us Quiddich dreamers out there . $ 10 ? Yeah , its worth about that much .
 When I viewed a preview of this game I was thoroughly surprised with the graphics et cetera . When I received the game as a gift , I was most excited . About twenty minutes into the game I was bored stiff . The game is either too simple at times -LRB- I won every single one of my matches just by doing the same moves over and over again -RRB- or too confusing -LRB- there was way too many tricks to learn and comprehend whilst playing multiple positions . -RRB- I loved the whole idea of the game as well as the graphics , I just found the game too easy at times and got bored of it quite fast .
 I agree with most of the other reviewers here
 This game is kinda fun ; in multiplayer . But the inadjustable AI level makes it to EASY . In perspective just unlock everything and then just play multiplayer.BOTTOM LINEOnly buy this if you have relatives willing to play .
 I had been looking forward to this game for a long time . I just bought it and can not find words to express my disapointment . This game had a ton of potential , but it was not realized . The thing about quidditch that was to have set it apart from soccer , basketball , and hockey is that it is 3D . Unfortunately this game is not 3D . You only control backwards/forwards and left/right motion . You do not control the vertical aspect of flight . In other words , you are for all intents and purposes on the ground . If you want to play quidditch then do yourself a favor and just play the quidditch portions of the previous harry potter games . At least then there will be something to do besides playing a watered down versions of hockey . WHY IS N'T THIS GAME 3D ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
 you cant control elevation and it is unrealistic the graphics are the only good part and more options are okay but it could have been way better.I like harry potter and the other harry potter games but this 1 just really sucks so use your 30 dollars on something else such as need for speed underground
 Unless you understand the graphics card requirements , do not purchase this game . I bought it for my son , who loves the bionicles . After days of anticipation , I could n't get the game running on any of the three computers in my home ; and they are all fairly new computers -LRB- 512 mb ram , etc. -RRB- . This was a bad move on my part and there is very little support available on the Bionicles web site . If you have a `` gaming '' computer you may be able to get it to run ... I could n't .
 My mother , whom this account belongs to bought this game for me when it first came out . My brother and I had been die hard Bionicle fans since Lego first came out with the popular toys . We had been scrambling for information on the game ever since we saw the first preview on the internet . It looked like it would be like the game Lego was first going to put out for Bionicle , but for reasons unknown canceled the game to many people 's dismay . But anyway , back to the game . When I first got it , I was so excited and started playing it immediatly . The first thing I realized was it was made by EA games . Most of the EA games we 've owned have had terrible graphics and terrible story lines except for the LOTR game , which was fairly fun in my rating . The second thing was how difficult and confusing the controls were and were making it immposible to fight and never the less , move . That didnt stop us though , so we played it until the game began to get choppy due to our older computer and gaming card . Then we stoped playing it for about 2 years . This summer I picked it up again for reasons unknown to me and I worked my way through a whole lot easier after I configured the controls to my liking . But alas , the game 's storyline and dialouge was no better then the begining and after I finished the final level , which by the way , threw the whole game down and made it seem like it wouldnt be amusing for even a 7 year old , and thought to myself , why did I waste my time on that ? If Lego had used it 's own game making tecniques , this game would have been about 20 times better . Also , there were so many facts about the Bionicle world that was wrong , I couldnt believe it and thought that Lego itself should have done a much better job editing and making this the game they said it would be .
 This game was purchased for my 10-year-old brother who loves Bionicle , but even he got sick of the game in less than 10 minutes . The control of the character is horrible ; you can never get the character to go in the direction you want him to . It took us five minutes just to make him face forward.I am an avid adventure gamer , and enjoy and have mastered many previous games , -LRB- Like The Mummy , Nancy Drew , etc -RRB- but I have yet to encounter a `` problem-solving '' situation in the Bionicle game . It 's enough just to get your character over the first pit of lava . It 's frustrating , and no one wants to even attempt to play anymore .
 I got this game for my 7 yr old son who loves Bionicles . I was very disappointed with the fact that is is an extremely difficult game to play . Specifically , the control mechanisms are near impossible for a young child to master , let alone an adult . It me SEVERAL retries to get through a level . The most frustrating thing is that info messages pop up with hints numerous times during play , freezing the game until you acknowledge it by pressing return . You 're ready to battle a creature , or make a jump for it and the game stops you to tell you how to do it . I thought Microsoft pop up bubbles were annoying but that practically sent me over the edge . I hope future patches give you a way to turn this junk off ! Unless your child is a Playstation/Xbox junkie -LRB- usually 13 + yr olds -RRB- , I do n't recommend this game . It 's sad really since the toys are marketed to 7 +.01 / 12/2004
 MHz , OS and RAM do not define the requirements for this game : `` Video card must be 32 MB or more , AGP capable , and contain one of these chipsets
 I am a fan of rugby , an ex-player , and a current coach . I really wanted to like this game , but I despise it . There are so many reasons it is hard to know where to begin.There is none of the flow of rugby in this game whatsoever . I purchased the game , in part because I was excited about this fall 's world cup , but I was utterly disappointed . The rucks move at a snail 's pace , and the breaks in the game to call lineouts and backline plays are neverending . Not only that , but set plays can only be called from a scrum , not in the loose as is done in real life . There is little control as to what happens in the rucks , and the things you can do seem to have no impact on the game other than the occasional penalty . The speed of the game is pathetic , and the graphics look as though they were produced three years ago.If you have never played rugby before , do n't get this game . It will bore you and make you never want to watch or play ther real thing.If you have played rugby before , do n't get this game . It will frustrate you and make you want to put a ball through your television monitor.It seems like EA sports got the licensing rights but spent their entire budget doing so , leaving no resources to develop the game itself . OH , MY ! This game is absolutely and utterly HORRENDOUS ... This game is so bad I feel sorry for anyone who has already bought it . I have already given it on a keep-it-as-long-as-you-like-it loan to a friend of mine , and to be honest I hope I never see it again . That is how bad this game is . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND SPEND YOUR MONEY ON SOMETHING ELSE ... I would suggest Winning Eleven 6 , especially if you like soccer -- now that is a game worth playing .
 I read the reviews that said the graphics were horrible , but I did n't care as long as I had a good rugby game to play in the off-season . I bought Rugby 2004 and Madden 2004 and they arrived on the same day . Talk about a huge difference . Madden 's graphics are extraordinary , the level of gameplay is extensive , nearly everything about it is top notch . Rugby , even though it is the same year-edition as Madden , is atrocious by comparison . The graphics really are terrible , the gameplay is choppy and hard to get a handle on , the sound and music sucks , and it 's just not very fun to play . This game seems more like Rugby 1998 compared to other EA games . I agree with the other review that said EA probably spent most of their budget on licensing rights , and little on the game itself . Even if you love rugby , save your money . It 's not worth it .
 This game is pretty much the same as Dynasty Warriors 3 and 4 but without the lag . DW4 Empires dont have lag either and is a much better game than this Dynasty Warriors 5 IMO.In Dynasty Warriors 5 each character goes thru about 5 stages then you see the ending . The stages are boring , small , and all look the same . The strategy of capturing bases is pathetic , DW4 Empires 's design is better . To make things worse all stages are available from Free Mode . After awhile I got tired of playing the same stages , geez all the characters share stages , a big let down . There are NO witches , soccresses , battering ram , catapult , fire breathing cart , etc. ... I was expecting all this and more . The stage design is truly sad.Overall I do n't recommend buying this game . Get DW4 Empires instead or Mortal Kombat Shaolin Monks .
 DW . 2 , 3 , 4 , all great . But this is the same hack n ' slash gameplay we 've seen ! I 'm sick of this game ! I could buy DW 4 and save some damned money !!! I 'll leave it at this . It 's like watching the same movie over and over and over and over and over and over and over again ! The camera angles sometime get annoying . If your a DW fan , pick it up , otherwise , this game is n't going to turn you into one .
 There was a time where I was a huge fan of the Dynasty Warriors series . That time has long past . I did n't actually buy this game , instead played it with my friend who did purchase it.While I was unable to see every feature there was to see and experience the game as an owner , I was far from satisfied . It 's the same , boring button smasher from a long line of games exactly the same . True , there are more characters , the graphics have improved somewhat , and the voices are less pathetic , but it just is n't enough to buy it while there are 9 other games which are pretty much the same as it.Your allied generals do pack more of a punch and their AI has improved noticably though , a big plus in my rating system . But the idea of being in an army is completely stupid . You might as well just be your own character versus the entire enemy army . Your allied peons do virtually nothing . When they actually do fight , they attack every seven seconds and half of those attacks are parried , and those that do hit are noticable but insignificant.I was a huge fan of the series for a while though , and had some nice experiences . I really liked the third dynasty warriors , especially the Battle of Hu Lao gate which really did require some allied help if you were playing as the allies . It was quite spectacular to have 8 grizzled , elite soldiers in shining armor as your bodyguards for some players , but it also took out what little challenge the game had . In a few of the games , which I ca n't remember the exact titles , you had no bodyguards which I heavily disliked though , and it 's nice to have a bodyguard with respectable AI in this game.While this game has it 's appeal , especially for people who enjoy pure action with no strategy whatsoever . I do n't mean to be sarcastic , this game really is quite enjoyable . It just is n't for people who want a videogame that has more realistic and laid back action , where you are n't so invulnerable , where it actually means something to kill a soldier , where your allies do make a difference . DW4 certainly was entertaining , DW4XL had it 's positives but was certainly not worth it 's price , and DW4 Empires was just a horrible game where the ` strategy ' involved meant absolutely nothing and where the one-man army hack-and-slash gameplay was greatly reduced . The first Samurai Warriors was entertaining and the replay value was quite high . The second was a pointless waste of time that added nothing to the game.In short , this game is quite entertaining and will be enjoyed if you 're someone who likes to mindlessly cut their way through an army to kill the enemy leader and win the battle with virtually no strategy . The officer battles are an exception , but with the duel feature missing , it 's lost much of it 's challenging nature . I personally am just waiting for Spartan Total Warrior to release where your health is significantly limited and where the common soldier will be of actual value to the army . I hope Koei either makes significant changes to the many Dynasty Warriors , Samurai Warriors , and Romance of the Three Kingdoms games to come , or crashes and burns . Both of my hopes are unrealistic and probably will not be fufilled .
 Koei has made several games for the series Dynasty Warriors , 7 , if I remember correctly . The games in the series and Koei 's new Samurai Warriors series have all been very fun games . However , so many games in this line have been made , the series is becoming stale.The entire game is some linear button-smashing killfest where you run to enemies for them to attack you , such horrendous AI . You fight along an army , however the soldiers rarely attack and are quite stupid . It is impossible for your allies to really do anything and to win the battle , you seriously have to design some quick , blitzkrieg battle ` strategy ' to kill the enemy commander by cutting a thin line in the enemy troops . True , killing masses of enemy drones around you is fun , but it just gets old rapidly.In each series , there is a sort of graphic improvement and is a large factor in my favor of a game . There is a better storyline for your character , another major factor for me . There are also many bodyguard options , that is rare for this series . You can also learn some history from the events which this game is based on , but there are several inconstincies in the story and I found it much better if you want this information , to buy a cheap book , this story is popular in China.Still , this game is a complete disappointment . The sound is awkward , the gameplay is old , and there is little the preivious games did not have . Someone who continuously buys the games in this series and still is addicted to this game has a very weak taste in gameplay .
 Ive never been a big fan of dynasty warriors . But this game is just bad . First off on easy mode you can defat an entire army by yourself . This is because the enemys never attack . once i ran into the center of a group of enemys and i stood still . I did n't get attacked for ten minutes . Also all of the soldgers look identical . there are about three enemys that dont look the same.and there are only 4 hard fights in the entire game . Also THIS GAME IS REPETTATIVE . you have 6 attacks per character but they all do the exact same thing . And one hit kills petty much all enemys . Now this game is long but so what . If you have a huge pile of garbage , is it really any better then a small pile of garbage . and either way it is still garbage . just like this game .
 Alright , you wo n't be winning the high number of 10 to 2 games this year and the offensive play is n't as simplistic as in years past , but the same occurrences that made you want to punch through your monitor are still commonplace . It 's still amazes me that when playing on any difficulty level with the exception of beginner , the computer teams will go on incredible scoring spurts . They never score just one , it always seems to be three or four within a very short time span . The centering passes they make always hit the mark and your worthless AI defenseman are content to lie down or just do nothing -LRB- just like every other EA NHL -RRB- . My only defensive assignment is to try and account for this , otherwise I will have absolutely no chance at winning the game . Again , the familiar miracle goals by the computer will come into play whenever you manage to get yourself a one or two goal lead late in the game . This includes blue line wristers and shots from angles that hardly ever result in goals in actual NHL hockey . The passing system is a disaster , as you 've probably already read or heard from other disappointed pc gamers . The graphics might actually be taking a few steps backwards , with the utterly laughable cartoonish faces , but I would n't even care if EA could somehow give me the impression that the computer is n't a GOD who scores at will and only toys with me for two and a half periods before unleashing a flurry of goals during the last few minutes of the game . Oh wait , they improved the fighting engine . BFD , that stupid system should 've been overhauled at least three years ago . I 'm glad I have a PS2 so I can play Sega 's NHL version , but there must be a revolution to counter the tyranny of the lazy , repetitive EA Sports dictatorship .
 One can tell that much effort was put into game play , visual realism , and features . But after the game was `` put together '' did anyone at EA check to see how the final game played or if those features even worked?Because of a poorly planned player ratings -LRB- skills -RRB- system -LRB- including facilities that start poor and can only IMPROVE with time ? -RRB- , one is left to wonder why all their players perform more poorly with each passing game . - Thinking gamers beware.The interface is a mess , with player information scattered and not where you need it.Outrageous simulated scoring of players -LRB- Paul Kariya - 13 goals , 9 assists in 3 games -RRB- can crush your hopes of your star player ever topping the ratings.Also , players may still end up with ` twins ' still playing on their previous team when you create a new team to replace another in the league . Horrible errors.It all leads to a major disappointment from EA .
 I was not at all happy with this game . I think EA went too far to the `` simulation '' side of things with this release . The Bruise Control checking option is really clunky -- after playing for two hours I had only managed to nail three players . The new graphics/reactions are cool enough -LRB- players now crumple against the boards and flop to the ice , as opposed to splatting directly to the ice as in 2003 -RRB- , and it 's alot harder for a shot from the point to actually make it through a pack of bodies in from of the net.The controls are horribly convoluted as well . There 's no way you 'd be able to play this game with all it 's moves/options without using a 10-button controller of some sort . I have such controllers , but really do n't enjoy using all 13-buttons to get things to work properly . I definitely miss the 2003 set-up that permitted the use of , really , only 6 buttons to get everything done.The new create a player option is really lame , too . You can no longer personalize each face , for example , by choosing various eye shapes/color , hairstyles , noses , etc. . Instead , you 're presented with predetermined faces ... so the possible variations are pretty slim.The Bruise Control is by far the biggest disappointment for me personally . I did not at all find 2004 fun ... I bought it the day it was released , played it for three days -LRB- had to give it a chance -RRB- , and then proceeded to pack it back in the box and tossed it on the bookshelf where it 's sat ever since ... gathering dust.It would have been far better if EA had not tinkered with the controls and simply updated the graphics and animations . 2003 was n't perfect , but I could play three or four seasons and still enjoy every game . With 2004 , I did n't enjoy the game at all and never even bothered getting to the Franchise or Season modes -LRB- both of which got blasted pretty hard on EA 's website forums -RRB- . I 'm going to have to check out another NHL title in order to get my fix this winter . Or just keep playing NHL 2003 , I guess . Either way , I 'll be more hesitant to buy the next EA NHL title when it comes out next year . I 'll definitely wait to read some reviews before dropping the dough for it .
 Good game , but the same.Every year they make a new a NHL game , NHL 2000 , NHL 2001 , and so on.Its all the same , exept maby better graphics , and changed teams.This goes the same to Fifa , and other EA sports games.They basicly have the same idea.If you are gon na buy NHL 2004 , dont waste youre money on NHL 2005 , when it comes out , because its gon na be the same!My point is , if you buy NHL 2004 , thats it dont buy next 1 , wait a 1000 years and then buy a new 1 which will be NHL 3004 ; -RRB- So if you have NHL 2002 or 2003 , dont get NHL 2004 , its not worth the money. : - -RRB-
 Graphics on the menu screen are bad ?? Are you kidding me !! You 've been watching too much Trading Spaces buddy ! Stick to the game ... For historical perspective ... I refused to buy NHL 2003 because I thought it was a throwback to 1999 or 2001 with a fresh coat of paint . At first I hated the changed controls on 2004 , but after case of beer and 10 games with my buddy -LRB- and hockey arch rival -RRB- my perspective changed dramatically . You skate way better and can turn on a dime . NHL 2001 was all about the one-timer . NHL 2002 was all about shooting . NHL 2004 is back to the emphasis on the pass , only with one hitch ; you have to aim your passes rather than the computer pulling off impossible plays just because you tapped the `` X '' button.This game is not perfect , but has the best hockey AI to date and the player animation is awesome -LRB- who cares what their faces look like ??? -RRB- . I think it has moved computer hockey games forward by leaps and bounds . After seeing the feeble stripped down versions of these games on PC 's , get out there and get a real game system . They are $ 250 CDN -LRB- half off for you Americans -RRB- . Play this game and I guarantee that at first you will hate it . But persevere , it is worth it . If you like your video hockey to be HOCKEY , this is the best that you can get . If you are in to fluffy crap , like how the fans look or how the menu screens are , I 'm sure there is a Strawberry Shortcake Hockey that you can play with bunny rabbits and puppy dogs .
 I guess my three year old PC -LRB- complete with ATI video card -RRB- is obsolete , because this game looks like crap on it . I KNOW I 'm not getting the full experience , since the fans DO look like cardboard cutouts , and it 's impossible to see the lines on the ice.My two year old Microsoft Sidewinder is also now obsolete . Missing some functions.Overall , a very disappointing game . I guess if I want to get more out of it , I need to upgrade my system . This game will end up costing me a hell of a lot more than $ 50 . I shoulda saved my money and kept NHL 2001 .
 I liked the Franchise mode from 2003 . You could change teams any time you wanted , become every team if you liked , play any game . Even if my team did n't make the Final , I could still play the whole series ! But EA Sports decided it 'd be a wise decision to limit the people 's options . Now , you can have ONE team , and you MUST deal with payroll , training and a bunch of other stuff that just takes time away from playing games . I would n't mind a salary cap -LRB- but then we would n't get the NHLPA to sign off would we ? -RRB- or something to keep things in check , but that should be optional.If you want to have one , and only one , team and mess with all sorts of budgets and firings and whatever , fine . But I do n't want to . I want to be able to switch a team 's ownership if I want one of their players on my team , and I do n't want to have to fit him into a budget ! I want to play Game 7 between Minnesota and Washington.Please somebody from EA read this and add some choice to Franchise , because NHL 2003 ai n't perfect but that 's what I 'm gon na play instead .
 I 'm sick of seeing people claim that it 's so much harder to score making the game more realistic . I do n't mind the difficulty scoring . On medium , I can usually score about 4 or 5 goals a game -LRB- unless I 'm against a goalie who likes standing on his head -RRB- . The reason this game is beyond pathetic is that the computer opponent can score at will and , as usual with EA sports , your own defensemen just love putting the puck in your own net . I just lost 8-4 -LRB- a scene that is becoming commonplace -RRB- because two goals were allowed in from the blue line , on one goal my computer controlled defenseman fell down trying to block a shot even though the computer did n't take or fake a shot , my defenseman put a goal in his own net , and I was trying to clear the front of the net when suddenly the goalie got the puck , I took control of the goalie without knowing it and put the puck in my own net . What should have been a close 4-3 or so game ended up becoming an 8-4 boring as hell rout . Before we go for realism , lets work on the bugs that make gameplay so frustrating and fix them . Oh wait . EA ca n't do that . They 're too busy working on NHL 2005 . Then when that buggy piece of garbage comes out , they 'll be too busy working on NHL 2006 to fix the bugs . Some old story . If I did n't get this disc for a song , I would n't have bought it at all . Stick with NHL games before 2000 . They may be less realistic , but at least they 're fun .
 oh no ! there goes all the excitementI 'd rather go back to playing NHL2001it actually has more options than 2004 . This game is terrible . . even though i 've only played it for 5 minutes . . i already know.The game play is really slow.They took away alot of fun features.The deflected shot , the back to back passing , Bill Clement , do i care who sings the songs ? get rid of that stupid box!there is no more stat keeper for your self and your friendsdo n't buy this . . there 's only disappointment .
 Piece of junk ! Some of the controller buttons like the , A , X , B , and Y buttons you have to press hard to play . Also the thumb pad rubbers are coming off just after one month . Piece of junk ! But at least it feels good in my hands . But still it 's a piece of junk !
 I do n't care what those other people said.They break in a few days !!!! And if you do n't listen , then fine waste you ' r money on a piece of crap like that.But you where warned .
 Since the makers of the original SimCity 4 never actually fully patched that version , they tell you to buy Rush Hour to solve the issues existing with that main version . Throwing in a few additions that could have been made available for download , you must buy this expansion in order for the game to even work with ANY future elements they may provide . Newer building tools or the rare new structure will simply not work with the stand alone version.But the `` situation '' even goes much deeper than that-Problems were not only not fixed , but were actually HIDDEN by the game designers . Observant players of the original SC4 would notice cars driving in circles or driving a highway , leaving and re-entering it at each exit ! With Rush Hour , they merely lowered the amount of time automobiles would be displayed so players would think there are no problems . Very sneaky Maxis ! Many gamers are none the wiser . It is truly amazing the game developers could get away with such practices ... and laugh all the way to the bank .
 Rushhour is CRUCIAL to the satisfactory play of Simcity 4 . The game was released as the game , then this Rushhour expansion , then the combination -LRB- called SC4 Deluxe -RRB- . Since the Deluxe version is available in several forms -LRB- which include Rushhour -RRB- it is just crazy to pay this kind of money for the expansion alone . I do n't normally rate things based on cost , but in this case a downgrade is warranted . This rating is for THIS expansion offerYou may want to check out the CD versionSimCity 4 Deluxe Edition , the downloadable versionSimCity 4 Deluxe Edition -LSB- Download -RSB- -LRB- also available on STEAM -RRB- and though most MAC users run it on Windows emulators , the Aspyr versionSim City 4 Deluxe -LRB- Mac -RRB- . It also is included along with several other games in the box setThe SimCity BoxIt makes no sense to buy this version at this $ 50ish price .
 EA recently dropped the price of this expansion , but I do n't feel it 's worth the $ 20 price tag . It 's not even worth half that amount.There is no expansion to the one-player campaign mode , there are only added maps containing the new vehicles , weapons , etc. . The new technology is not even playable on the original BF 1942 maps . And here 's the thing about the new maps
 It is too bad EA Games went down the path of sci fi . It has alienated people who were fine with the reality level in the earlier two releases .
 I was a ctually waiting in anticpation of this game when i heard of it but once i got it it was frustrating . Icould n't even install it , and that was even after i traded with three different copies , my system is a p4 1.9 ghz with a geforce 3 so it should 've worked but did n't . avoid it save your money
 Thunder 2004 has a very good game engine , yet it has some serious flaws . Which is why EA wo n't support it , and is the reason why I will not support EA.The premise is very good , although behind the times for the `` year '' it names . The tracks are unbelievably accurate , watch through the Nascar `` in-car '' on TV , they did such an outstanding job getting the track layout correct.But ... the flaws start with computer programmers deciding which car adjustment does what . Usually , they 're opposite from reality . Cautions are so bad that there needs to be a reset button , and the worst is the cold shoulder from EA for any type of support.Buy at your own risk .
 I 'm not running a slow computer and it still does n't compare to NASCAR Racing 2003 Season from Vivendi/Sierra/Papyrus . The graphics are comparable to the Atari racing games I used to play , and not even up to the Indy Car Racing from some years back -LRB- also from Papyrus -RRB- . In short , the graphics are horrid , the vehicle response is terrible . I ran the demo and found the car extremely hard to control . And the demo is Talladega - my track!One plus is that the rear view mirror is much clearer than in the Papyrus game.I 'm going back to NASCAR Racing 2003 Season .
 It is too unrealistic . You feel like quiting on the first lap it is so boring the cars are slow and have bad handling . the graphics are choppy and pausey . This game is for fools . If you want a good racing game expeirience get NFS4 or NR2003 Season instead of this game . Their is only 1 thing good about it . it is cool to wreck that slow , poorly designed car .
 just play the demoNASCAR racing series 2003 has better graphics -LRB- B -RRB- This game a Dnot all that better to nascar thunder 2003 graphics
 If you are looking for a realistic Nascar sim , then do not buy this game , or any other Nascar game from EA Sports for that matter.The graphics on this game are good , but the whole thing is just so unrealistic . If you want a true Nascar sim any of the Nascar games from Papyrus is your best bet , i highly recommend Nascar racing 4 .
 Game kinda sucks ... get battlefield 2 instead , or call of duty series.No iron sight views on weps , hud sucks , hit points are weak , takes 3-6 hits with sniper rifle at medium range ... dont waste your money .
 C'mon . This game has a great interface and all ... but a 30 second spawn wait in single player ?! That is absurd . The only reason I am giving this two stars is because of the vehicles . You can get in every vehicle . That is the only good point . The AI is awful . They will not even engage in melees . They will just go prone and fire like two shots on their pistol EVEN WHEN their primary gun is a machine gun ! How dumb is that ?! If you want a good FPS game , buy Medal of Honor
 Okay ... I 'll have trouble about what bad quality of the game to address first , but I 'll start with the historical accuracy.Start the game as Allies . The fist mission , Operation Battleaxe , is NOT ACCURATE HISTORICALLY AT ALL !!!! Operation Battleaxe was never put into operation as the Allies were too busy worrying about Rommel with his Panzer divisions completely annihilating the Allies . They could never put it into action as they were on the retreat . Now the best part of the innaccuracy is the part when the Allies win . The dumbest part was that there was never a battle historically.Operation Crusader ? Same deal . Flopped for the Allies . They lost about 2 Armoured divisions , and had to retreat to Tobruk , where Rommel just moved in and slaughtered them . The battle was a disaster . Best part
 Ahh , Battlefield 1942 . What postive things have been said about this game that have not already been said ? It has already won high praise from many gaming magazines as well as several `` Game of the Year '' awards . With all those accolades , you 'd be right in assuming that BF1942 is fine piece of code , right?Wrong.Now , do n't get me wrong , Battlefield 1942 IS fun to play , on the rare occasions that you can find a good server with players who genuinely play together as a team . Most of the time , however , you 'll be simply frustrated at the horrendous graphics bugs , sound bugs , input bugs , display bugs , connection bugs , menu bugs , CD-key bugs , copy protection bugs , etc. . How , exactly , such an awful display of computer science-gone-wrong managed to win `` Game of the Year '' from so many magazines is beyond me . While I can definately see the appeal of being able to jump in a plane , tank , or battleship you come across , BF9142 suffers from the classic downfalls of `` great concept , terrible execution . `` When I first installed BF1942 and the requisite patches , I loaded up the game with eager anticipation at the fun that was in store for me . I mean , this was the game of the year , right ? Well , no sooner had I started the game did it dump me back to the desktop with no explanation . It turns out that BF1942 , by default , will not run if you have overridden the display refresh rate . -LRB- something that is a must if you do n't want to play at the eye-watering 60Hz refresh rate -RRB- So , making the necessary adjustments , I loaded up the game once more , only to be struck by what is possibly the worst menu system I have ever encountered . The server browser , in particular , takes ages to sort the servers and will not remember your filter settings . If you want to search for games to play , be sure to use an external app like All Seeing Eye . To make matters worse , the whole menu is apparently flushed from memory once the game begins , so if you want to go back an make changes while playing , you 'll sometimes have to wait nearly a minute while the hard drive grinds away to page the menu back in . With 512MB RAM , I 've never had this problem with any other game.After laboriously finding a server and waiting through the agonizingly long loading times , you 'll be greeted by some the blandest graphics ever to grace an FPS . Despite their simplicity , however , the renderer runs quite poorly , even though games with graphics an order of magnitude better than BF1942 -LRB- like Unreal Tournament 2003 or Call of Duty -RRB- run smooth as silk of my machine . The explosion and pyrotechnic effects are passable , but the player and weapons models , as well as the texturing , are downright ugly . Oh , and did I mention that there is an omnipresent haze on every level that so close it makes it nearly impossible to hit these in the distance with artillery ? As for the sound , it 's yet another notoriously buggy area of the game . Sounds will mysteriously cut in and out when more than three our four were played at once , and sometimes they would not play at all . Even when the sounds play correctly , BF1942 is aurally bland , which gives the game a very sterile atmosphere.But nothing , absolutely nothing , compares the sheer awful-ness of the networking code . You 'd think that , with a game where multiplayer plays such a big part -LRB- the single player is utterly forgettable -RRB- , the developers would focus on making online play as smooth and lag-free as possible , but BF1942 once again defies all expectations . Even with seven patches -LRB- and an eighth on the way at the time of writing -RRB- , it 's still frustratingly bad . Often , it 's necessary to lead your target a distance of several feet in order to hit them , but since the amount you must lead them is directly proportional to the amount of lag at that moment , trying to hit someone at a distance is often a matter of luck . In addition to all this , BF1942 does one of the most boneheaded things imaginable
 OK , so this is the game of the year huh ? Come on EA Peoples/makers ... . How bout something that actually works ? I mean you load the game , then you need patches . Then sit and spend about 20-30 minutes trying to connect to a server . Dont think I am joking . I am on day 5 now . I spend more time trying to connect then actually playing . And you want me to what !?!?!? Rush out and buy Vietnam this spring ?? I dont think so . I have windows XP , and my computer is less than a year old . I have all the system rqrmnts and then some . I have talked to your tech help on-line . I have run diagnostic tests on my pc . I am done with you guys . And yes , I am passing the word . Save your money . Dont waste your time . Go play something else on-line . And please ... . dont look for a new game around the corner . Cuz the corner coming ... . wont come . For all you you people out there thinking `` I know , I know ... . but my kid wants the game ... '' dont give in . Save yourself now . Dont do it . Save the 35-40 bucks and dont get the game . And for all you people that said this was game of the year ? Heck ... my 13 year old son and my 12 year old daughter think you are all on drugs . ` JUST SAY NO ! ' And I want to know ... . how are these people that said it was ` Game of the year ? ' Some idiots that have a degree in something totally un-related to gaming . Come to my house . See what is going on with my system . I dare you to make me eat my words . I can promise you , I will prove you wrong .
 The game itself is great , however , at least on my pc -LRB- Windows XP with service pack 2 , with an intel motherboard and intel on board video -RRB- Each time we want to use the game we have to go to start , run , type in dxdiag , go to the display tab and turn off direct draw . Then we can launch and play the game . That 's a bit too much of a pain to use . It says it works on XP , but every machine I know of uses direct draw , so this is really more engineered for older versions of windows I think . This game should be updated so folks do n't need to go through this hassle . Otherwise the game itself is great . If you do n't mind going through these steps -LRB- and maybe if you are lucky you wo n't have to -RRB- buy it .
 My children loved Zoombinis 1 , and were delighted to find Mountain Rescue in their Christmas Stocking . What a disappointment . After three weeks of trying we have only been able to get as far as the title page when the program crashes and we have to press the `` reset '' button and restart the computer . Communication with Broderbund/Learning Co has proved unhelpful as so far they have only come up with the standard advice of update drivers , delete temporary files , close down unnecessary programs etc. . Three weeks after Christmas Day my children have still been unable to play with their present . A big thumbs-down so far , I 'm afraid . I would be interested to hear if anyone else has had the same problem - particularly is they have managed to resolve it!Update - it 's now April - nearly four months after Christmas - and we have got no further with playing this . Other friends have tried it on their PC 's with the same results . Borrow it first , before spending your money!Nearly the end of August now - and still trying . Keep visiting support to see if any patches come out -LRB- they have n't -RRB- and updating drivers to see if that makes any difference -LRB- it has n't -RRB- .
 We have other Zoombini games and love them but ca n't even use this one . We purchased a brand new computer with a pretty advanced system yet we ca n't play this game and it was a waste of a purchase.After 40 minutes on the phone with Dell and being assured we had the most up to date Video Card , Sound Card and Cd-Rom drive we are still unable to install this game . We have had no help from the company 's tech support either . Unless you are an expert in Video Card Drivers and can get past the `` UNABLE TO SET VIDEO MODE '' error message that we got I 'd be careful in purchasing this one .
 This is a very fun game , my kids love it . However , it took hours of research and trial and error to get it to partially work on my computer . Any newer computer , with newer color qualities will not work easily . You can eventually turn enough stuff off that it works , but then the sound is difficult to understand . Then when you are done playing , you have to go back into your system and turn things on again .
 My fault . I should not have purchased software produced in 2001 for a computer system built in 2007 . Too many incompatibility issues . I will give this to someone who has a more compatible system than mine .
 Do n't order this if you own a Mac . It 's for Windows only ! I was so disappointed because my daughters and I liked the first Zoombinis so well . We 've had it for about 5 years , and we still get it out and play with it . I could n't decided whether to give this new one 1 star or 5 , because if it 's as good as the first one , and as good as the box made it look , I 'm sure it 's excellent . Mac owners need to find a way to show software companies that we will provide them with enough business so they can afford to develop these good programs for us too !
 Zoombinis Mountain Rescue was really , really boring . I have played the first on and it took me like 2-3 years to work on it . -LRB- only because 1 -RRB- I did n't play it all the time and 2 -RRB- I always wanted my dad to help me -RRB- ok now we are at a new type of adventure . I had to admit it was sort of enteraning at first then it got just plain boring . I was able to finish it in maybe and hour to an hour and a half and the worst part is you do n't have to use all 635 -LRB- or something like that Zoombinis -RRB- you just need about 180 . So I would not recomend this for somebody who want a chanllege , but if you want something fairly easy stick with this . If you want a chanllege take the oringal Zoonbini Adventure .
 Do NOT buy this product unless your PC specifically supports 24-bit color ! This software would not run on any of my three PC 's . If your PC has 32-bit color I do n't think this software will work on your PC unless it also supports 24-bit color . Unfortunately , all of my PC 's have the better color but do NOT support 24-bit color . This is not industry standard . Standard would allow use of the higher color albeit with a minor hit on performance.Not sure if your PC supports 24-bit color ? Right click on the empty desktop . Left click on properties . Left click on the settings tab . Under colors , see if -LRB- 24 bit -RRB- color is listed . If it 's not , you may be in trouble.This is the only software out of dozen 's and dozen 's I have purchased that I can not get to run on any of my PC 's . My recommendation to anyone would be to borrow a copy and try it before you purchase . I am extremely disappointed in this software !!!
 Our family has eagerly anticipated the new Zoombinis Mountain Rescue because we loved the original Zoombinis so much . Mountain Rescue has been a big disappointment . Some of the games are difficult to understand based on the instructions given . Even the very easy levels are hard for my children . This was not the case with the last Zoombinis . There seems to be alot of hesitation on the computer both during and after completing some games . Even the voice of the narrator sounds as if he is bored . The graphics are good , but everything else that made the first one wonderful is missing . I would stick with the first one if you have n't already gotten this one .
 Despite being advertised as running on Mac the Cd supplied has only PC files on it . The company website states that support is no longer offered on this product . A pity as my kids loved the first Zoombinis .
 As a teacher and a player of The Logical Journey of the Zoombinis , I expected the new game to be as good or better . I was extremely disappointed . The animation is not there - the humor is not there - the logic is not as good . Save your money .
 This game has problems running on Mac and PC.The video portions skip and freeze every second on the MacBook , and I have n't gotten it to run at all on the PC -LRB- running XP -RRB- . Installation on the Mac is shotty . It says it is not installed on the Mac every time I try to run it.The puzzle portions of the game run on the Mac and my kids enjoy that part.Quite frustrating .
 This game is far inferior to the magical journey one . Had lots of trouble loading and then 2 of the areas you have to go through would not work properly . I gave up .
 The levels are SO HARD to beat ! The graphics are awful ! It 's the worst GBA game I have ! It 's a big gimmick ! Do n't make the same mistake that I have made !
 I played just about every game in the ClueFinders series as a pre - and early teen . This was the last one to be released , and unfortunately , it 's just not as good as the other titles . Most importantly , the activities are much weaker -- they are less engaging -LRB- I ca n't even remember some of them -RRB- , and there is no good way to automatically set the levels in the game to the appropriate difficulty for the kid . Every time you play through the adventure , you must either manually set the levels via LapTrap or start over at level one , a serious problem for slightly older kids who will quickly get bored with the easier levels . I also remember noticing some bugs where the sound cut out at the main screen -- the other titles all played almost flawlessly.Another point
 We tried installing this on a G5 iMac on OSX 10.5.8 . It would not install . It keeps force quitting . My husband actually specializes in Macs for a living as a Network Administrator so if it was possible , he 'd have gotten it to work . Out $ 7.65 or whatever it was .
 I bought this software for my 5 year old who has 3 + years computer experience . Even at the easy level she had difficultities . I tried to work it but became easly discusted as it does not flow . I gave the CD 's to a friend 's daughter who is 81/2 and she said it is too hard so her brother who is 13 and a computer wiz and he did not like it . It is rated for a 5-10 year old . It makes no sense that software written for a 5 year old would satisify a 10 year old and vise versa .
 I would n't buy this for my kids . Thankfully it was a gift for my 8-year old daughter . She tried to play it on her own at first and could n't really figure out what to do , I guess she did n't read or listen to the instructions . The instruction file was enormous and complicated to follow for the specified age group . I played it on my own later to see what in fact this was all about . I solved the mystery and actually enjoyed myself , then my daughters -LRB- 4 & 8 -RRB- played it and the mystery was exactly the same for the next 3 times they used it . Maybe I have n't found how to change the level of difficulty , but I felt that everything was too obvious and not really a `` mystery '' . I felt the kids were being humored and this game was really dumbed down . We have n't picked it up again since then , it has been a couple of weeks now . They 'd much rather stick to `` Clue Finders '' and other such programs or the written word than play this game . They may give it another shot soon . Bottom line , this game just does n't suit our tastes .
 i bought it cuz i 'm a huge spiderman franchise fan , but i was a bit disappointed on the graphics side ... they 're the WORST graphics out there . . i guess MARVEL was in a bit hurry to launch the game along with the movie ... Buy it if you 're a spiderman fan , but i 'd not recommend it ... i have it with me , but m not playing it , never played at all = -RRB-
 This game does n't keep you interested in the plot line at all . It is extremely boring and I 'm saddened at how poor it was . The only reason I give it a 2 overall is because the map is big and well-detailed .
 Horrible GamePoor game playToo difficultNot recommended.Go back to the drawing board activision .
 Just got it today , 1 hour played enought for me . 3th release and they did n't got at least some nice gameplay . Camera is bad , AI is stupid . Colisions are a joke . Combat are repeatitive and boring . Textures are poor , as playing this game on PS3 make me feel I was playing GTA Liberty Stories for PSP -LRB- but worst -RRB- , very poor graphics for PS3 . Bad work indeed , not easy to understand how people rate it with 4/5 stars.The game starts by installing 2.6 GB in PS3 's Hard Drive , and I 'm thinking in remove it permanently , my Spider 3 is going to ebay for sure as Pirates of Caribean game follows the same poor path , also bad . Studios are just making money using movie waves , shame .
 Spider-man 3 does its movie counterpart absolutely no justice in this poorly , and lazily done game . This does not seem much better than Spider-man 2 for the PS2 . There is a few new additions in there . Such as a slightly improved combat system , a fresh coat of paint , and a little bit of reflection on some surfaces . The combat system seems terribly incomplete , almost no transition between moves , no fluidity at all , it just felt rushed.Bosses and some missions felt unnecessarily frustrating , unable to see some enemies , while they would attack what you were trying to protect . I also had several problems with mission `` coins '' disappearing . Stupidly powerful enemies that stopped taking damage after you had given them an unrelenting beating for nearly 10 minutes , knocking them over countless times.The `` God of War '' - esque button system is really innovative , and absurdly complicated . God of War normally limited its buttons to just the face buttons . This one throws face , control stick movements and R1 , R2 , L1 , L2 at incredibly inept time , so unless you are really quick , some give you less than a second to complete the combination . Luckily when you mess up a combination , you are never put back at the `` start of the level '' or anything , it just repeats and unlike God of War , it will use the same sequence you just failed , however , fail one against a boss character , he can do up to 25 % damage to you , 4 failures and you are toast , or really close to it . Control could have had more attention paid to it . The swinging is cool , but run into a bulding and the camera will sometimes freak and get stuck somewhere momentarily , thats not a terrible detriment to gameplay , its when the camera gets stuck somewhere in a fight and you swinging at nothing you can see , thats frustrating.Bruce Campbell makes his return as the Narrator , though he really gives you nothing new for this game aside from the `` Matrix-Style '' bullet time . If you have played Spider-man 2 , dont expect too much new here . Like I said a fresh coat of paint.This does not exactly live up to the free roaming sandbox gameplay . Framerate tends to struggle in closed areas , people are not very well detailed at all , they all look like scared puppy dogs , while you are very well designed , and the highest amount of detail is paid to Spidey and the bosses.With that said this game does have its shiny points . Physics are somewhat used here , the sun reflects off windows realistically , at night you can go to buildings and look inside , even though they may be a cheap-o JPEG sitting behind a window , detail was paid to it a little . Spidey looks incredible , up close you can really see the detail in the suit , and black suit spidey is a crazy blast to play . However , * -LRB- SPOILER -RRB- * when you get towards the end , and you have to fight Venom and Sandman , Venom is not really a problem , as long as you keep him stunned . Sandman is a pain in the glutes when you take over as New Goblin , the sixaxis control is frustrating . Laying down while playing this part is almost impossible . And judging the bombs is all hands down frustrating for a casual gamer such as myself.Final thought : If time and attention were paid to this game it could truly have been incredible . I would have waited another 6 months to a year for a truly great Spiderman game rather than 3 mediocre ones . This game is fun , and if you are a Spidey-freak , definitley dont pass this one up . If you understand the history of film-game franchises give this one a rent . Other than that , pass this one by . Or pick up Rainbow six , or even the Darkness .
 Spiderman 3 was fun . The controls are by far the best for the wii yet . Activision managed to take full advantage of the possiblities of the wii remotes . However , the graphics are just okay , as well as the sound . Still , this does n't stop you from enjoying this game . Like I said , the controls here get an 11/10 ! There is a major drawback here , though . I beat this game in under 7 HOURS , not including extras . This story mode is UNBELIEVABLY SHORT ! Upon beating this game , rather than being happy I was dissapointed that it ended so fast . I would advise you to rent this game or buy it cheap , but do not spend your $ 50 on this incredibly short game . Fun but not worth the price .
 It 's no secret that like the film itself , the video game tie-in for Spider-Man 3 is a disappointment on the consoles . The Wii edition of the game is no different , and what makes it even more disappointing is the fact that the game 's attempt to make use of the Wii-mote is an ultimate failure . The game follows the plot of the film for the most part , as you play as Spidey in an open world New York and take on generic baddies as well as big time villains like Sandman , Venom , the New Goblin , and the Lizard to boot . The game attempts to make sue of the Wii-mote to swing through the city , which you 'll either enjoy or hate , which along with the sloppy combat controls , really mar what could have been otherwise solid gameplay . The game 's look is marred as well by an overly choppy frame rate combined with stiff character models . There are a few good points about Spider-Man 3 though , but they are few indeed . The game features voice acting from many of the principal actors from the film -LRB- including Tobey Maguire , James Franco , Thomas Haden Church , Topher Grace , J.K. Simmons , and Bruce Campbell who reprises his role as your video gaming guide -RRB- and swinging through New York City is still pretty fun . However , the repetitive gameplay gets boring , and the game has an overly linear feel to it as well . All that being said , Spider-Man 3 is worth checking out if you own a Wii and are a Spidey fan , but do n't expect anything great from it at all .
 After shown what was possible with Spiderman 2 , this game is a BIG let down . The fighting is really boring and the graphics are bland . The webslinging is kind of fun once you get the hang of it , but that 's the only good thing I have to say about this game . If you must play it , rent it , absolutely do n't buy .
 This might be the worst game to come out for the Wii . First , let me just say that I love both the Wii and the Spiderman franchise . I 'm not a Nintendo hater and Spiderman , especially games 1 and 2 , were definitely my thing . What 's wrong with this game ? It 's definitely not the controls . Swinging that web with your wii remote and nunchuk really is as cool as you imagined it would be . That 's the one part of the game the developers got right.Everything else makes you want to return the game and get your money back . No kidding , if you plug in a Gamecube and Spiderman 2 , and a Wii and Spiderman 3 , and climb up to the top of the Empire State Building in each , the Gamecube looks infinitely better . There 's not a loss of detail in the buildings on the Wii version , there is NO detail on the buildings . None at all.When I saw my first cut-scene movie I thought my game was scratched and they had given me a defective copy . That 's how bad the cut scene graphics are.Rent this game and do a shot of web to an enemy 's face - literally the graphic displayed is a white , Pong-esque dot floating across the screen , that vanishes before it really even touches the opponent , and a faceless polygon blob covers his `` eyes '' . The game does LOOK better on the PS3 and 360 , but I ca n't say that it plays any better . And it only looks better on the PS3 because it looks a lot like a slightly improved GameCube version of Spiderman2.Any good from this game ? Well , they made improvements to the web zip . It does more now than it did before , and they did n't really make it any worse . So that 's a plus . The Wii controller shines here - it really is outstanding and if only they had made an actual game we could have really seen it at work . This game really stinks . Even if you loved the other 2 Spiderman games , this one you will hate . Save your money and if you really feel the need to websling with the Wii , wait till this game costs 20 bucks , which should n't be that long .
 This game is an example of a 3rd party Wii game that just feels tacked together . There 's a decent amount of effort put into swinging and in the end that 's the best part of the Wii version of this game.Once on the ground though the game becomes completely counter-intuitive . I 'd rather do button combos than try to swing the remote side to side with little responsiveness . Combat is simply not fun because in the end it turns into swinging wildly or relying on the A button . Camera is also completely unmanageable.The game is ridiculously glitch ridden and randomly Spidey will get stuck floating in mid-kick or a mission will fail or pass instantly after starting it.People complain about the graphics , personally I would gladly take what they give if the gameplay was anything up to par with Spider-man 2 or Ultimate Spider-man , but that 's simply not the case . It 's a pretty ugly game , if my PS2 can handle God of War and GTA
 THIS GAME WAS NOT ENTERTAINING AT ALL , THIS FALL 'S IN THE HATE IT SECTION/WASTE OF MONEY THAT 'S IT PLEASE BUY ANOTHER TITLE I USED IT ON THE Wii , KID 'S DID N'T LIKE IT .
 I just finished the story mode of the game , and I feel that it is sad when you can beat the story and still have 52 % left of the game . that to me makes no sense , and I feel that there should be more story then other tasks . The webslining is fun , but it takes a while to learn how to use it effectivly . I also did n't enjoy how the game did n't follow the movie at all . Yes the few villans spiderman fights in the movie are in the game , but the way you fight them , and how they die are completly different . Also they tied in some aspects of the movie that are false in the game -LRB- Sandman 's daughter -RRB- . Yes she is a character in the movie , but in the game they changed her character . I also would have like if they would have stuck to the timeline of the movie . The game feels rushed , and it just goes from one thing to the other.Thats my opinion ... take it for what its worth.If you want to play ... rent ... do n't buy .
 My daughter got this one for Christmas . She thinks it 's boring . I 'm not crazy about it , either . For starters , it makes poor use of the Wii 's unique controllers . You simply wiggle your Wiimote to fight . That brings up the other big problem I have with this game . There 's a LOT of fighting , which really is n't keeping in the spirit of the franchise . The graphics are pretty weak , too . I know , it 's a Wii game , and Wii is n't as slick as Xbox or PS3 , but these graphics are still pretty weak . Generally , I 'm wary of one-star reviews , because I assume the reviewer is just a crank , but please believe when I say this is a boring and surprisingly violent game .
 I 'n not sure if this game follows the plot of the 3rd installment of Shrek , but wow is it violent ! It starts off with Shrek and the cat -LRB- Puss in Boots ? -RRB- beating up various baddies and collecting beer steins/coins . I 'm not real sure where it goes after that because my 8 year old niece lost interest due to difficulties opening a drawbridge style door . Obviously she is not a video-gamer ! So I took the helm for about ten minutes to see if I could open the elusive gate . I had no luck opening it and we returned -LRB- banished -RRB- the game to the video store from wince it came ! If you are looking for a game that will appease the youngster in your house I would go with Super Mario Galaxy , which is a much more `` kid friendly '' game . Mario is much easier to control and the violence is more `` cartoony '' . Also the vibrant colors and cute characters in Super Mario Galaxy will make you and your children giddy !
 i ordered this game , but never received it ... that is why i have a 1 star review . . im sure it would have been a cute game if we had ever gotten it .
 My 9 year old son and I bought SHrek 3 because of the fun we had playing SHrek 2 on Gamecube . They both have the same format - except only one person can play at a time unless you play the minigames . It took us forever to get through SHrek 2 because it was hard and things were n't as easily found.Shrek 3 was easier and shorter than Shrek 2 . I gave it 3 stars because it was fun punching out the bad guys , looking for hidden items and trying to fully complete the quests . It gave my son something to work towards rather than simply getting to the end quickly . It was only fun because of the new Wii technology because you can pretend to really punch or really stab using Puss ' sword . Also , the camera angles are really bad . SOmetimes , items were in corners where the camera would n't allow you to look - we were constantly running into corners or trying to smash things in order to check for items that would help complete the quest . We died about ten times on one puzzle because there is no way to move the camera to change your viewpoint -LRB- only zoom in/out -RRB- . When you move too far or get to close to a door in some rooms , sometimes there would be a cutscene and you would lose fairy dust or the ability to re-explore for things you may have missed while fighting the baddies . But on the plus side - there is a scene selection menu and you can easily go back , but you have to recomplete the entire scene in order to get credit.The Wii was designed to get you off the couch , but this game was so short and it took so long to # 1 load and # 2 get through the cutscenes , that I became bored of standing up and eventually sat on the couch lazily waving the remote around in my hand wistfully thinking of Wario Smooth moves.Even after you finish with the lame `` boss '' ending -LRB- you had to solve a simple puzzle instead of beating an actual boss -RRB- and go back to complete the tasks that you did n't get the first time - you still have to sit through the very long cutscenes.This was the first `` platform '' game I bought for Wii . I had fun playing this game , but I think that the people who make these games have n't yet realized the Wii 's potential . It feels as if they did a halfhearted job - almost as if they figured out how well the Wii was doing and decided to throw something together at the last minute , or maybe that 's what they do for all of these movie spinoff games.Fun - but not worth the $ 49 dollars . It took maybe 6 hours to complete this game over a three day period . Maybe Wii will have players choice and it will go down to $ 19.99 .
 I bought this game for my boys because they loved playing Shrek 2 for Gamecube and still play it on the Wii . As I 'm writing this review my older son is playing while my younger son is watching which is just stupid . What type of video game for children only allows one player to play at a time ? Good thing I bought it used with a return policy because this is definitely being returned for something that they can play together .
 This is a typical animated movie-based video game.It has Shrek , Fiona , Donkey , and the rest of the Shrek gang.Fun for a little while , but not enough to keep playing .
 A lot of graphics going on for a lot of `` nothing much '' going on . =-LRB- Not a lot of fun and a bit of a waste of time.Definitely for young kids .
 Our family really enjoyed the original Xbox version of Shrek 2 . It had an appropriate amount of puzzles and actions , its multi-player functionality , and graphics was rather rich -LRB- stages , items , interactivity , etc -RRB- . So naturally we thought Shrek 3 would have been an upgrade . However , Shreak 3 for Wii was really a disappointment.First , the multi-player function is gone . When you 're playing through the storyline , you can only be 1 person . Collaborate playing in Shrek 2 is gone except for maybe in minigames , and we loved that ! Also , there is entirly too much fighting and * very * little puzzles . From level to level , scene to scent , we find ourselfs fighting endless people by eldlessly shaking the controller . The background and scenes are far less interesting than 2 . Overall , it was a step back from 2 . Good thing we only paid $ 12 including shipping from an Amazon supplier for the game .
 This game is way too easy . I beat it in about 2 hours . The graphics stink , and the plot line is n't that well done . Do n't waste your time and your money .
 This is a 2D side scroller that 's easy to beat , hence little replay value . Basically you use tricks to outclass your rivals . Rent it if you must try it .
 Just received the CD ROM in the mail and opened it up to put in my disk drive and ... it did n't work . Reason - because my computer is a Mac -LRB- Apple -RRB- . On the product description it lists the many systems that it is compatible with including Macs -LRB- listed 2nd after Linux -RRB- . Unfortunately this is not entirely true . I suppose if I install bootcamp and buy Windows Vista -LRB- or the like -RRB- I would be able to open the program.Just a warning to Mac users about this problem . I have an older version that worked only on OS 9 classic but I do n't have classic anymore . My little son was so disappointed when the program would n't work on our Mac computer . Still looking for a compatible version . Hope they come out with universal new version soon .
 I received the CD ROM in the mail abut ... it did n't work because my computer is a Mac -LRB- Apple -RRB- . On the product description it lists the many systems that it is compatible with including Macs -LRB- listed 2nd after Linux -RRB- . Unfortunately this is not true . My little daughter was so disappointed when the program would n't work on our Mac computer . Amazon must take care of putting the correct information over their products .
 The description for this item says it runs on `` Windows Vista / NT / 98 / 2000 / Me / XP / 95 , Mac , Linux , Unix '' . Wish I 'd read the reviews that say this is wrong . This program is Windows-only , and I doubt it will run on anything but Vista & XP -LRB- not any of the other flavors of Windows listed -RRB- , much less Linux . I do n't know why Amazon has n't corrected this.UPDATE
 the item is listed as working on a mac , but the version sent is only for pc - I have to send it back .
 This game is the worst . I mean easy level is to easy and the hard level they prob programed it to hit a home run every inning it -LSB- stinks -RSB- !!! all it dose is cause stress . I recomend games buy EA games . Sega flat out -LSB- stinks -RSB- !!!!!
 It amazes me how difficult it seems to be to make a decent baseball game these days . There are better games on super nintendo than this one right here . Ken griffey jr baseball puts this game to shame if that tells you anything . Here are the specifics : batting
 In real baseball , there are no such things as batting cursors . In real baseball , hitting mechanics do n't involve placing a stupid cursor to a certain spot according to the type of pitch the hitter estimates will be thrown -LRB- the cursor becomes a shade of red if you 've guessed it right in this game but not always a guarantee the pitch will be delivered in that particular area -RRB- . In real baseball , you simply keep your eye on the ball and simply time your swing just right if its at all hittable . Contact can be made here , but not so much with skill , but blind luck . I give it 1 star for decent graphic detail but tah . . that 's it .
 this is a horrible game . my 2 year old sister beat it .
 Dont buy it . one time I hit a ball and it went up the middlle . the announcer said '' down the 3rd base line . it stupid
 This game has got to be the worst game I have played in my life . If I could have given this game lower than one star , then I would have . Its so unrealistic . Every time you swing , no matter how out of time it is , you get a homerun . In the first inning that I played , I got 34 points . No offence , but those people who gave this game a high score must have never really played the game . Anyway , do n't buy this game !!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is terrible ! The only good thing about this game is the graphics ! You can hit every pitch and there is no fun to this game because you hit a hoomerun every other batter . When you play your friends the final score is usually 30-29 ! IT IS SOOOOOOO BORING ! A rent if anything !
 This game is an exaggeration of high scoring games . I scored 65 runs before they got their first out on me playing as legend -LRB- hardest level -RRB- . The controls are -LSB- bad -RSB- and the main menu is a complete disaster . Unless you want to sit there in front of the tv for 3 hours and ending the game 2,500,000 to 0 do n't get this game .
 hi . i got this game frome bestbuy and it was a waist of my time and money . sometimes it freezes . you only get crapy cards . the cards cost 999,999 chips -LRB- on the game -RRB- . this game is a piece of $ @ ! & . dont buy it .
 its ok but short and all you do is duel . its good at first but once you get used to it it gets easy . i bought it and its ok .
 I bought this game thinking that it would be like the real card game . I found out that I was wrong . Do not waste your $ no this piece of S. True Yu-Gi-Oh fans will thank we .
 Yu-Gi-Oh Forbidden Memories is so poorly made and is just no fun.I am only 9 years old and I love the Yu-Gi-Oh card game and I am so upset with the Playstation game.I have the Gameboy Color game and I thought that Forbidden Memories would be just as good but it is not.All kids who are excited about playing , do n't . I was excited when I was going to rent it and play but once I started playing I had to shut it off just because this game is so bad.After that I even gave it a chance but it was just so bad.Don ' t even bother to rent Yu-Gi-Oh Forbidden Memories , it 's one of the worst games ever .
 Please tell me If you liked the game and if its good or if its bad
 ... I 've played this game and it is SOOOOO CONFUSING !!! I love Yu-GI-OH do n't get me wrong , it 's just this game stinks . This game is sooo boring ! Plus it took me almost a month to fully understand this game ! PLEASE I 'M BEGGING YOU !!! DO NOT BUT THIS GAME !!!! There are many other great YU-GI-OH games out there that rock . Just please do n't waste your -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- on this piece of junk . My opinion either buy a diffrent game or learn how to play the REAL game with the REAL CARDS . -LRB- like me -RRB-
 My brother and I are major Yugioh fans . When we first go this game we were a bit dissapointed because all you could do was duel and the 3D graphics are very -LSB- inferior -RSB- . Then we found out more . So far I 'm working on the mages after you beat Kaiba . My brother is at Kaiba . Back to the game . Like I said the 3D graphics are very -LSB- inferior -RSB- but some of the cards are very cool . So if you plan to play it do n't go to 3D . Also I would be sure you are into Yugioh because it can get very boring .
 If you need codes for Forbidden memmories the one and only good code is get me rich .
 For the price I paid I should have expected the quality of the game would be negligible . It 's a waste of time because of the major differences between the video game , the Card game , and the Television Show . Hope they stick to one format instead of switching it and storylines constantly . Also hope the new game will be better in the PS2 format . Also you have to memorize many combinations -LRB- in this game -RRB- to overcome even the weakest opponents cards .
 One incredibly boring game , after playing for twenty minutes I decided to return it . The graphics are horrible , the story is ridiculous , the gameplay is just painful . Steer away from this game at all costs .
 If you need codes for Forbidden memmories the one and only good code is get me rich .
 Yu-Gi-Oh !
 I am major Yu-gi-oh ! fan i play a lot of yu-gi-oh video game some are fun but some are not When i first got this game i think this was going to be fun game but it was not like when i have a BEWD 3000 atk a monster whit 400 atk best it and when you buy card on this game a lot of the card are too munch it like 999,999 chips -LRB- on the game -RRB-
 I think that the game was to hard without a game shark if I did n't have one I would have chucked it out the window . because when you win you get a small amount of starchips . and the guys you beat give you teribble cards .
 1 . I have seen better graphics on the SNES , Atori , Genesis , and Oblongs systems -LRB- from back in the 70s -RRB- 2 . This game has good -LRB- GREAT -RRB- gaming system3 . The loading time is greatNUMBER RATINGSGraphics - 2/10Play system - 8/10Loading - 7/10
 I bought this game back in October 02 . I personally think this game ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- It plays nothing like the real Yu-gi-oh ! card game , believe me . I 've played for a while and have won a few tourney 's . -LRB- 2 -RRB- No monster effects -- not sure about Exodia though . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Good cards cost too many star chips which is the method for obtaining cards . For instance , you win about 8 chips at the most , and a good card in THIS GAME , which maybe horrible in the real game costs 800 chips . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Rare cards cost 9999 chips . Hane-hane , a card with atk450/def500 and which returns a monster to the owner 's hand , is a rare which costs 9999 but it has no effect making it useless . Though you probably will never make this card part of your deck this stiil infuriates me . -LRB- 5 -RRB- You have to fuse monsters in the beginning to win . Also the cards do n't use polymerization . For example Twinheaded Thunder Dragon calls for a thunderdragon and another thunderdragon , yet in the game you just use two dragon monsters and a thunder monster . -LRB- 7 -RRB- Fusion mons do n't even have to be made . If you have Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon you do n't have to fuse them -- if it 's in your hand just play it on the field . -LRB- 8 -RRB- No sacrificing weaker mons to summon stronger ones . This is why I do n't recommend this game . Nor do I recommend the cards that come with the game . To rate them on a scale of 1-5 : -LRB- a -RRB- Harpies Pet Dragon -- 1 -- horrible -LRB- b -RRB- Red Eyes Black Metal Dragon -- 0 -- even worse , cool picture though . -LRB- c -RRB- Metalmorph -- 4 -- best promo card out -LRB- 9 -RRB- The game is too darned hard!The only resason I would buy this is because of the cards . The graphics are n't real great . Enternal Duelist Soul is the best Yu-gi-oh ! game around . Buy only if you really love Yu-gi-oh ! as much as I do .
 I bought this game for -LSB- money -RSB- when I got home and put it in my PS2 I noticed that the people do not move they only move their lips and eyes . When you do the 3d battle sequence they look 2d . It is fun to play the game but the graphics stink . If you want to get it get it but it 's a rip off .
 When I first played Yu-Gi-Oh !
 I did not like the game at all because it wouldent let me attack even when I had a curse of dragon against a basic insect and I ended up losing when it fused with another very strong monster.I am a big fan of yu-gi-oh but if the instructions told me how to attack I might of just won the battle.I was so frustrated with the game I told my mum to take it straght back to where she got it from.I am not a complainer its just I was not satisfied with the game ...
 do n't listen to all the people because at first you love this game then you start hating it overall i say dark duel storiesis 100x better then this game i 've excpect better from konami
 Baseball Advance is a good , solid game but it was overlooked in several areas . First of all , you can only play in 4 different ballparks instead of being able to play in each of the 30 Major League Stadiums . You can not steal , there 's no autofielding option , and you ca n't be hit by a pitch , it just goes right through you . Plus , if you want a baseball game where you can play with a friend at the same time , you might as well forget this game.The best Baseball game for Game Boy Advance would definitely be High Heat Baseball 2003 . 2 players can play at the same time , you can steal bases with ease , and if the ball hits you , you go to 1st base . Another aspect of how High Heat Baseball 2003 is a more superior game is that it has updated 2002 rosters while Baseball Advance only has 2001 rosters . Plus , High Heat Baseball includes all 30 Major League Baseball stadiums and it has a Home Run Derby feature where you can show off your hitting with any player in the Major Leagues -LRB- even pitchers -RRB- . I 've now given you all the true facts about these two games so it 's now up to you to make the decision . I personally would purchase High Heat Baseball 2003 because of all of it 's in-game features that it has and the easy , smooth play control along with great graphics . THQ just went to sleep on Baseball Advance , making the game hard to play and just plain boring . It 's your decision , and an easy one at that .
 I was a little put out on this game . I gave it a good hour , and I tried to get into it , but I could ` nt . The fine people at Sega , I would say , missed a really good chance to make a really good game . Its basically a point and shoot game , but it does alot of the pointing for you . The controls are frustrating and the whole concept seems un-original . Like I said , its ok . But not a great game .
 I was pretty excited to play this game so I combed our local rental places until I found it . After half an hour my opionion could be summed up as `` I am so glad I did n't buy this game '' . The controls are a little difficult but my real problem with the game is that it just is n't fun . The level objectives are `` kill all of the enemy units '' or `` find item x '' and you find that you spend an awfull lot of time combing the map to find that one guy that you missed . Very boring . Also , I 've read quite a few reviews that say the graphics are impressive . They 're not . The graphics are actually below par for an XBox game , and the music is downright bad . I did n't realize how important music was until I played this game.To sum up , pass on this game .
 This very arcade-like game gets it 's inspiration from Sega 's ownclassic Space Harrier and it 's story line directly from the animated1990 's Giant Robo series . A strange doctor discovers a new powersource that radically advances society but mysteriously disappearsthereafter.This review was re-written after many hours of gameplayand will highlight some of the frustration experienced five orsix levels into the game . Out of the box it 's a good looking Robotechshooter , however , just start playing it awhile and you will see howthis game can riddle you with anger . If you thought playing GothamRacing almost broke your controller you will bash it to splinterswith this one.Gameplay is teasing and very demanding . This is a jumping gamefirst and shootem up second . More times than not you will findyourself just BARELY missing a critical jump to a ledge only to startagain from the very very bottom of the board . For that unfuncharacteristic , two stars get taken off an otherwise 4 star rating.Throughout the terrain you will find obvious surfaces you should beable to land on but ca n't . It 's like a literal glass ceiling wherewaterfalls and vehicles are to look at but ca n't walk under or landon.Not being able to save inside a 30 minute long mission meansyou will have to repeat your failures over and over again . I ` msurprised when they were doing the QA they failed to noticetesters smashing the controllers and throwing their arms up infrustration because all of your progress can be lost with theslightest twitch.The control over your movements can be compared to a pinballbouncing off rubber bumpers , your uncoordinated movementsare like mere flippers keeping the ball on a wild course.The spastic nature of the jet pack will have you screaming at theTV . I compare the sensation to trying to land a hot air balloon on amoving car.They made this game way too hard and the level designers were wayout of touch with what the character is capable of physically doing .
 I can not recommend this game to anybody -LRB- unless I want to see that person throw a fit -RRB- . The only thing this game has going for it is its visuals . That 's why I gave it a 2 instead of 1 . The music is lousy and was so repetitive I had to turn the music volume way down just to keep from getting a headache . The story is as wierd as any other Japaneese anime of late . This game had the worst controls I have ever come across for the XBOX and that includes `` Grabbed by the Ghoules '' . Even if only properly used the controllers took a lot of physical abuse in this game . This is because an often used move -LRB- thrust -RRB- essential to the game 's play has been assigned to the left stick depression with no possibility of remapping . The problem with the thrust being were it is is that it HAS to be combined with a directional move to even work . Directions are also controlled with the left stick . So for example a basic move would be ; push left stick in , hold it down , and move forward . That would give a forward thrust -LRB- rather than just a forward walk -RRB- . Sounds simple enough on paper , but when you are forced to moved about the game like this for hours on end -LRB- thrusting quickly takes over walking -RRB- it gets to your thumbs as well as your controller I am sure . I would fail a thrust move often just becasuse it is physically awkward to perform -LRB- not just because I run out of thrust fuel -RRB- . During those times I would fail to push in the stick hard enough to initiate that thrust . To add insult to injury this game does n't end with just basic thrusts . To invoke more powerful moves from your character series of thrust moves have to be performed one after another without any break in combinations . One mistake and you start all over . To achive a `` heightened '' state from within your character 25 uninterrupted thrust moves have to be performed . Uninterrupted means that you can not get hit by enemy shots or touch the ground . This is really hard to do in game considering the small amount of thrust fuel at your disposal . Throw in the aformentioned controls and it borders on impossible .
 For many months i have sat in front of my pc looking on the internet for any decent games to come out on the xbox . Searching around i finally found a decent web site , that was able to show me new and uncoming games . Gun Valkyrie was one of them , because not many good games were out for the xbox at the time i was intriged by the graphics and so called good gameplay . I waited for a long time for it to come out , and on its first day i got it . Ripping it out of its celophnae package i saw excellent graphics , but as soon as it was placed in my xbox and a controller was in my hand i was screaming at it because of the awkward controlls . Trying to syncronize all of the button combinations to float was killing me , so i slowely moved from level to level holding the controller in a awkward position . I was on a role , until one level , that i am still stuck on and found out the other day was the last.I am extremly dissapointed at it , 1 bad controls 2 not enough levels 3 lack of story line , weopans , characters , and fun.The only time i mention or look at this game is to see which one of my gullible friends will by it from me .
 I kind of like `` Gun Valkyrie '' , but after watching a number of friends and especially kids play it , I have to warn against spending $ on it . Two reasons :1 . The controls for flying/jumping are over-complex , and several missions can not be completed without this move , so you get stuck , and ultimately bored .2 . You can not save DURING a mission , so if you get bored with trying the same jump over and over , you will have to go back to the beginning of the mission if you don ; t want to leave your XBOX running all night . This , IMHO is the biggest single mistake ANY manufacturer can make with a video game ... As I said , I kind of enjoy the game , and my more dextrous gamer buddies have little problem with the controls , but a majority of `` casual '' gamers that I have watched play , get frustrated and even angry with the game . So I would have to recommend against buying it .
 The graphics are the best thing about the game and they are nothing special , when you consider what the xbox is capable of.The story is retarded.Voice overs are stupid.But by far the worst is the absolutly idiotic controls . Apparently whoever designed the controls did not want anyone to enjoy the game.If you want a good 3rd person shooter go back to the Tomb Raiders , for now . I felt cheated on the rental thank god I did n't buy it . There is nothing about this game I would say was worth playing .
 Waste of time and money . Controls are not customizable , and do n't make sense . This game looks like a playstation game rather than an xbox game . Will be returning mine promptly .
 Yet another game I regret buying for the Xbox system . The controls to this game are horrible . Gun Valkyrie has great graphics , but the controls and background music just plain bites the big one . I dont know what Microsoft is trying to pull on the masses , perhaps a secret poll to see just how many people out there like to waste their money on ... systems . So far all I play on my Xbox are Halo & Max Payne , thats it ... EVERY single game other than those two I have bought for the Xbox has been so terribly bad -LRB- including Gun Valkyrie -RRB- I return the following day . Mostly trading in for Playstation2 titles . I truely regret buying the Xbox system , I should have just bought -LSB- money -RSB- bucks worth of stuff for my PS2 . If Sega would have fine tuned the controls of this game unstead of getting all the eye candy perfected , Gun Valkyrie would have been a cool game.If your debating buying a PS2 or Xbox system heres my 2 cents : Playstation-2 : Way better games . -LRB- excluding that waste of time and money State of emergency -RRB- More selection.EASY TO CONTROL THE GAMES.PS2 has its own chick fighting game called ONI.Xbox : Only 2 games that are worth playing
 This is an Ok game . It would have been a little better if it WAS ` NT SO FRICKIN HARD !!!!!!!!!!! It gets boring after the third level that is merely impossible.This game is a renter . DO NOT BUY IT .
 The game play is difficult , and tedious . I had no desire to blast my way through a nearly infinite supply of monsters . The timed missions are the worst . There are only two characters , and the upgrades for them are limited . The best thing I can say about the game is that the graphics are amazing .
 Ordered this game but could not get it to work . Could not return . I would suggest another word game , maybe Flipwords2
 Bought this for my six-year old ; and although she can read some and we played it together the first few times , the rules in this game were a little complicated for her . It seems geared for younger children , then is un-playable for the same age group . Kind of disappointing .
 GRAND THEFT AUTO VICE CITY is one of the greatest games of all time ! But do n't make the mistake I did . I 've already owned the game on the PS2 , so I made a dumb decision by buying it on the PC , where I thought the game would have better graphics and controls . I WAS DEAD WRONG ! Do n't buy this game on the PC unless you have a good computer ! I have a Windows XP , so I wo n't recommend you playing games on this computer ! The graphics are even worse then in the PS2 version , and the controls are terrible . What a waste of -LSB- money -RSB- ! Do n't be a moron like me , and do n't buy this game if you have a -LSB- bad -RSB- computer !
 After careful consideration , I think I 'm going to have to go against the masses and say that this game was really kind of dumb . I was expecting a lot better . This was my 1st GTA game , and the last.Sure , it 's fun to drive a car/motorcycle/ambulance as crazily as you can and run over people . Sure it 's interesting to run from the police ... for awhile . Sure it 's different to fly a chopper . But really , it gets kind of monotonous . Quickly . After running around the town millions of time and failing some of the same missions , buying weapons and killing people on the street for money ... you just find yourself saying , `` What 's the point ? `` Oh , one thing though ... KCHAT is hysterical ! : -RRB-
 Vice city is an early GTA game that is set in the 80 's . First of all , the controlls on this game are really bad . you ca n't aim the gun , it aims for you and it sometimes aims at the wrong person . All the buildings look the same and you get lost very easily . The missions are borring and frusterating espeacially when your character will not hit or shoot the person you want him to kill . Their is also no diversity of vehicles . Buy the Vice city stories , I found the controlls to be easier and I was able to complete the game , however the two best GTA games are san andreas and GTA IV -LRB- the new one -RRB- .
 In my opinion , this game is overrated . Some of my friends told me this game is excellent , but when I finally bought it for PC I was quite disappointed . The graphics are excellent , very detailed . The con about the graphics are the people . They all look the similar to each other . They really need to work on it . People are too rough around the edges . It looks so fake when you make Tommy Vercetti run . And when you see cops and regular people run , it 's just too unrealistic . Same things with cars . They repeat after a while plus when they try to speed off , it 's just too fast and too unrealistic.When you get a hooker you can hear and see the car moving , but when you change the view angle you can see the people just sitting . It would be better if they showed some sort of movement.Plus I do n't like the idea of shooting the hooker after sex or going on killing spree and beating people into a bloody pulp.Yet , I found this game to be pretty addictive .
 Grand theft auto vice city is , as you may know , one of the most lauded computer games of all time and you will find no shortage of enthusiasts singing its praises on amazon . While there has also been a great deal of negativity about this game , and moral condemnation , it has usually been from people who do n't much actually play computer games and from many who did not take much time to see what this game is about or understand its context . That does n't mean these people are entirely wrong , but it does mean they are mostly wrong , and , actually , one of the very clever things gta vice city does is actually lampoon the hypocrisy of its critics . This , along with some excellent music , is done on the game 's brilliant radio stations that play randomly in any of the cars you steal . I was a little surprised that the in game radio was perhaps my favorite thing from the game.Anyway , that 's a pretty wordy preamble . You maybe just want to know what I thought of the game , so I wont go into an essay on morality in computer games . I 'll tell you what I thought . I thought the game was all kind of a joke , which is fine , just , it was a mean joke . Its meant to be played as a mean joke . I did n't like that so much . From here I 'll just rank it according to some categories I devised reflecting issues important to me.Story
 Great game and I really enjoyed it when it first released , BUT the graphics on the PC have aged terribly and I even have a brand new graphics card and drivers and it still looked pathetic , Vice City just does n't do it for me anymore when there are better games out now that have move features and better graphics .
 This is one of the best and most influential games of all times . There is only one problem
 Well I 've just got GTA Vice city after it being so highly recommended ... and I 'm not blown away.There are some good aspects to this game . The '80s setting is great allowing for the use of some great tunes to choose from while driving
 Everything others have said about the brilliance of this game and the attention to detail is true . I wo n't repeat it.This is another game where you have to unlock possibilities by completing missions , so claims about how freeform or nonlinear it is are exaggerated . This becomes a problem , given what I describe below.Why , then , am I giving this game such a low rating?Simply put , this game manages to squander all of its assets by a typically frustrating console save game structure.Many of you will be familiar with the problem I describe , but I 'm going to do so , in some detail , to make clear what a tedious chore this game can become.I ca n't emphasize enough how this will leave everyone , but the die hard game fanatic , wanting to put their fist through the monitor and throw the keyboard across the room -LRB- and I am generally an easygoing person , not inclined to violence -RRB- . You can save , outside a mission , by entering a particular hotel or buying other buildings for save points throughout the city . So far , so good.You ca n't save during a mission , however.Typical scenario . You go to location A to get a cut scene describing the mission . This sends you to location B in preparation for the mission -LRB- to meet someone or change clothes for the mission -RRB- . Then you head to C where you might have to protect someone by gunning down baddies . After a series of shootouts , and 20 minutes into the mission , you get a cut scene which prepares you for a chase . You jump a bike and prepare to give chase but mistype a key and hit an obstacle being thrown from the bike . Before you can get back on the bike the mission ends in failure , since you lost the chase . At this point you get to go back to location A and retrigger the mission.Here 's another , though this is a sub-mission and thankfully does n't have to be completed to advance the story . You steal an ambulance and try to complete a series of 12 levels . Each level requires that you race around picking up the number of wounded corresponding to the level number and deliver them to the hospital within the time limit provided . Sound like fun?You ca n't save between levels ; the timer countdown continues . You could play perfectly to level 11 and accidentally hit the f key -LRB- which causes you to exit your vehicle -RRB- or you could accidentally hit one of the victims and kill them . You know what happens . Forty minutes of your time wasted and you get to start over at level ONE.By this time you will probably be wondering if this is a game or a sadistic experiment in psychological torture . One thing it is n't , is FUN.In short , if you are the type of person who loves the typical console save system and playing missions over and over until you get the execution down perfectly , you will likely love this game . If you are not , I have to warn you strongly to avoid this game . I regret my purchase and I regret giving money to a company that would put me through the frustration I endured . I doubt I will ever bother completing this game . My time is worth too much to me.What a bitter disappointment . Another brilliant game turned from joy to mind numbing frustration by the supremely idiotic choice of save game system coupled with sadistic mission completion requirements .
 Motorcycles are neat , but too easy to fall off of.The music is better.Graphics are too similar to the original.There are not enough improvements to make this a great sequel .
 HORRIBLE GRAPHICS THEY LOOK LIKE THEY ARE ON THE PS1 not the PS2 . It is also just like the older game nothin new but a new city !
 Listen , people : First of all , the game did start a whole new concept on non-linear games . BUT ... When I bought Grand Theft Auto 3 , I was really excited . I turned it on and played for hours . Yes , it is addicting , for about a week . I beat it really fast , because of the addicting game play , then never touched it again . When I heard a new installment to the series was coming out I bought it thinking rockstar had once again revolutionized gameplay for ever . Boy was I wrong .1 . It 's the same ... game !!!!!!!!!! This time its in Miami , so there 's babes in bikinis . Woopdy Do Dah Dee ... Nothing n ew , now theres a stupid ocean that looks -LSB- bad -RSB- . O yeah b y the way , graphics -LSB- are bad -RSB- ! 2 . The Soundtrack ? Jesus rockstar , are you the only people in the world that have n't realized the 80 's was the most useless generation ever ? Come on , im not saying put the -LSB- music -RSB- people listen to today in , but something better than that .3 . Why ca n't you give us something better than another week long addiction ? Every game I 've bought from rockstar is played for 2 weeks tops , then sits in my drawer until I sell it . Well you can forget my business . And oh yeah ... Max Payne ... SAME THING !!!!! MAKE SOMETHING ELSE ! MAYBE SOMETHING NOT HAVING TO DO WITH GUNS AND CARS !!!!!
 Do n't buy this game . No multiplayer . What a slap in the PC community 's face ! ... It 's the going to be the same ... game . Oh wait , better graphics -LRB- well , duh -RRB- , and I can play my own MP3s . $ hit , sign me up . That 's worth 50 bones .
 I am very curious how this game has been available for a review , as i understand it there are still three weeks till this title isreleased.Even on the games homepage and the links it leads to , not one have a ` scoop ' on how it plays , i understand that demand for this game will be emense , i myself will be buying it , not from yourselves but from someone who at least can be honest about the advertisements and their reviews . ` to third parties or objectionable ` this is quoted in the conditions of use , out of curiousity , does this mean if someone give a bad review of a game , that this will not be posted ?
 O.K. I 'm not the smartest when it comes to figuring out games , but I just ca n't get beyond the first level . I mean , I keep finishing the level but I ca n't figure out what to do to advance after that . It just keeps going back to the start . Nothing in the book tells me how to do it and I 'm just really frustrated 'cause I would actually like to continue playing the game and I CA N'T !
 I loved the original Blinx and coulnd ' t wait until Blinx 2 came out . I think I can sum up Blinx 2 with the following statement : Blinx 2 is the most confusing , incoherent pile of garbage ever foisted onto the gaming public.The story mode features a choppy story line that has you playing as the good guys one minute , then forces you over to the bad guys side for the next level . Game play features near-constant interruptions from the `` home base '' , giving what is usually obvious and unnecessary advice.The views are hard to control and sometimes inadequate . Overall , this game was a huge disaapointment .
 The game required registration . The website to register the game is no longer active . It was a complete waste of money .
 UBI soft still does not get it . Three things are killing this game and not one has been fixed.Game performance is still bad . After two years lag should be very minimal but its still horrendous when you get a bunch of people on screen . Seeing how there is no content and PvP is what the game is about you will always be looking for other people to kill . Well once you find them expect the lag to be found also.Content is just not there . You ca n't sell a game and expect people to buy it if the only content you provide is PvP . In a Role Playing game you have to level so unless you get xp from killing other players , you do not in shadowbane , you will have fight monsters to level . This is the place fun content comes in . Shadowbane only provides one kind of content and that is finding a place with tons of monsters and standing there for hours doing the same thing over and over . It gets boring and you have to do it to level , support a city , and repair your armor and weapons.The last problem stems from the above two and is the real killer of the game . Hardly anyone plays the game . Its empty as hell and there are almost no new players . So when you start out and your totally new you find almost nobody to level with . most veterans that plat the game have their guild power level them so newbie island is dead.I recently came back after UBI gave former players some free play time to try and win us back . I was shocked by what I found . Most of the old servers have been shut down because most people long ago left the game . The servers that were left had very low populations . Mourning and Wrath were the bigs ones but mourning only had about 300 people and wrath about 550 people at peak times . This is nothing for a game with a map as large as Shadowbane has.They could have really used this expansion to fix many of the problems that caused more than 30k people to leave the game in less than a year . They instead used the expansion to fix nothing and created an overpowered race to try and force their remaining customers to fork over more money to compete . Very sad but it seems the way online gaming companies do business these days.Stay away from this one !
 It was the first MMORPG I had ever played . Suffice to say I was impressed with the Graphics , music , and many of the dynamics of the game . At first it was so horribly crippled by bugs , exploits , and griefers , that unless you were die hard ... correction , even IF you were die hard about this game you quit . It had MANY servers when it launched , they had to shutdown MOST of the servers due to the immense number of people who quit the game.Most of the ones still playing the game fit into 3 categories . Griefers , die hards , pvpers . Most likely they fit into more than one of these groups . If you like pvp sometimes , do n't ever buy this game . If you have to go afk for any reason ... LOG OFF.This game is completely devoid of content , the leveling system is hysterical ... you can get your level maxed out so fast and be afk the ENTIRE TIME . As I said before , though , afking in this game is n't smart ... though if you are part of a huge guild and have the ability to guard your afkers , you are fine ... if not , log off.The PvP in this game seems intense ... seems involving , and creative ... it comes down to who has less lag , and which cheat they are using ... that 's it . Anyone who wishes to be a successful pvper in the game will have to be carbon copies of everyone else ... its rare that you find a better template than anyone else ... and even if you do , in a week EVERYONE has the same template anyways.This game IS a griefer game ... deny it all you want ... 2 things will be proven , ... you are a die hard , you are blind . Most of the guilds in the game do n't spend much time farming ... what 's the point ? they can just farm YOU . Give you 2 hours to farm ... they come back gank you , then take everything YOU spent time acquiring . In short , this game should be avoided like the plague ... the servers should be shutdown , the developers , of this waste of bandwidth , fired.From what I hear from my friends stubborn enough to still play this trash ... its STILL bug ridden , STILL completely exploitable , STIL a griefer 's game , and STILL a complete waste of money .
 Pyschonauts contains an interesting idea for the basis of its plot ; however , I very quickly became frustrated about the minimal effect I had over the storyline . Since Pyschonauts is a videogame , an interactive form of media , I was disappointed that there were very few opportunities to create a story or even a personality for Raz . One of the few ways that individualized gaming from player to player occurs is through arrowhead collection and how the arrowheads are spent in the camp store.Having to return to the campgrounds after each journey into a brain also becomes annoying because every trip to the campground adds a considerable amount of time between actual gameplay and progression through the game . The game makers provide a number of entertaining characters with strange looks and amusing dialogue scattered throughout the campgrounds . The other campers sometimes give the game a very childish feel , along with the graphics , even though the language of the game suggests an adult-based audience is intended , which hurts the game 's immersion . The campers ' antics , particularly Bobby 's , become obnoxious as the game goes on.Capturing figments and destroying censors are fun ... at first . But level after level of similar gameplay motions and running from one place to another makes the game become boring . The figments do provide some insight into the game through foreshadowing , and the end of the game does reveal reasons for figments and other elements within the game ; the end also provides answers to various players ' background stories.The game environment gives richness to the story ; however , the game 's story and activities do not match up as well . The gameplay actions become more important towards the end of the game but still not enough to truly give me a feeling of accomplishment of defeating the game . For the sake of not spoiling the end of the game , I wo n't reveal the specifics , but I 'll just say that I despise cut-scenes . The overwhelming presence of cut-scenes becomes bothersome to the point that I do not enjoy playing the game . The game drags very often , especially during the cut-scenes . They keep me from being able to discover Psychonauts 's story for myself by showing me a story in a similar method to a book . When I play a videogame , I do not want to be read a story ; I want to jump into a virtual AND INTERACTIVE world of the story , which Psychonauts does not fully provide .
 I had high hopes given the author of this game . But it is a twitch game . I do n't have patience for twitch games . It has a unique look , and if you have great reflexes and patience , you might enjoy it . But if you do n't have the reflexes of a 10 year old , you might be frustrated
 I tried loading the games 5 disks , one to four went ok ... then 5 would n't load ... so I sent back ... now I ca n't get the first 4 disk stuff off my computer ... I do n't know if this was just a quirk or the usual experience ... poor quality control
 I bought this game at walmart for a fairly cheap price because I 'm a fan of Zoo Tycoon 2 and I was hoping this game would be similiar or just as good . Well , it was similiar but in a cheap ripoff kind of way . There were only like 10 animals to choose from , only like 5 guest attractions -LRB- which mostly consisted of plain , boring stuff like food stands that suspiciously resembled Zoo Tycoon 2 food stands -RRB- and you could n't have unlimited money to build your zoo with . A very boring game.If I were you , I 'd just stick with the Zoo Tycoon games . The only reason I can think of that anyone should get this game is if they ca n't afford Zoo Tycoon 2 because Zoo Tycoon 2 is like the official game and this is like a cheaper `` off-brand '' version so to speak . It might have been fun if I had n't played Zoo Tycoon 2 first , but I 'll never know . I think it still would have been boring though because there were n't many animals at all.On the plus side , though , it 's 3D and has graphics equal to if not better than Zoo Tycoon 2 , but graphics do n't mean anything without fun gameplay to go along with them.Overall , my verdict is it might be an ok game to spend a dollar on but anymore than that would be a waste for this piece of trash .
 This game would be fun if it did n't keep crashing all the time . It 'll play for anywhere from 30 minutes to 3 hours and then all of a sudden crash for no reason . I have a pretty good computer that meets all of the requirements it says on the box but they 're obviously wrong about them . The graphics are great , the game is fun , and the animals are pretty cute and all but the darn game just wo n't play right . Unless you have a really great running up to date super computer I would n't recommend buying this game .
 Again as the other consumers have said ... DO NOT BUY this game . It will not play on about 95 % of the computers that have been manufactured . Save your money . Buy ZOO TYCOON ... a good game !
 This software will not work on my Hewlett Packard . The screen flashes then blanks out . What a rip-off .
 I guess I should n't say it stinks ... it has never actually ran long enough to know . It wo n't run on my computer at all , keeps telling me there is an error with ze.exe . Loaded onto my husbands computer and it did run for about 2 minutes , then did the same thing as on mine . Pretty sucky birthday present for my 8 yr old .
 I would like to echo the sentiments of the other reviews , in that the average consumer can easily be misled into thinking that they have the proper system requirements in order to run this program . My son bought this for $ 20 at our school book fair , and has never been able to play it , due to the unusual graphics requirements . To purchase a compatible graphics card is basically ridiculous , as they seem to cost far more than the game itself . Now we 're stuck with a brand new game that is essentially worthless !
 If you have played the Roller Coaster and Zoo typcoon games I feel you will be quite disappointed with Zoo Empire by Enlight . Not only is it totally different but you better study your instruction booklet before playing and be prepared to refer to it constantly.I found it frustrating trying to manuver through the toolbar which is far from simple just to get to the sections sections needed to make the game run smoothly . . The layout is -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- strange !! Well , maybe the youngsters will have an easier time of it , but I doubt it . Its simply a frustration to play . . Personally disappointed .
 I gave it 4 stars for fun because my daughter likes it when she can play it long enough before it crashes . I gave it one star for the overall rating because the box does n't tell you that many popular chipsets are not supported -LRB- including Intel , which is what I have -RRB- -- see below for the list of unsupported chipsets . All the box says for minimum video requirements is
 Bought this game 2 months ago . when I installed it , my computer crashed . Email game support and they sent me an email that they were aware of the problem and would get back to me . They never got back to me and will not return my emails . The game will not uninstall off of my computer and my computer keeps crashing all the time now . Do not take the chance that it will ruin your computer to !!!!!!
 I should have known better considering the low cost of the many items but I wanted the PSP grip for my larger hands . However I feel obligated to point out the clear plastic cover that does not fit the PSP 2000 . The magnifying glass came scratched and was poorly made . The umd small cases which in my opinion was unecessary . Everything was cheaply made except maybe the screen protectant and the earphones and car charger .
 I would have liked to see a better description of the contents of the kit . Several things were not needed . As an old man buying a present for a grandson I feel like I got a lot of filler and little useful articles . Honestly , I felt misled .
 There are very few games based on movies that end up very good . Often times all you can hope for is a nice average game , Transformers is unfortunately not even an average game . I see no point to going into a great detail about all the high and low points of this game , other than the fact that the high point list would be pretty short . This game was awful , the controls , story , mission , everything . The only neat thing is changing back and forth from a vehicle to a giant robot , and that is n't enough to carry a game . The characters are n't fluid and everything seems forces . If you must run around as a robot and destroy things there are better games to do it in . Pass this one up .
 I wanted Transformers the video game to be as good as the movie but I was wrong . There is nothing good about Transformers the video game . The graphics would be considered good if they were on the PS1 and there 's not a lot to do with your Transformer . All you do is punch and shoot . Your not allowed to shoot people only buildings and vehicles . Hardly any people talk through the game . The cutscenes are short and boring so you wo n't miss anything if you skip the scenes . I think it 's true what they say . Most video games based on movies are TRASH ! The only good games based on movies are Spider-man 1,2 , and 3 . Do n't buy this game.Don ' t even rent it just get Spider-man 3 .
 game does not work please help me return game . tried to ativate game but would not come on please help me to return this game to whom i bought it
 Let me cut to the chase . This game is not very good . The cutscenes were lazily animated , the physics engine was cut-rate , and the gameplay was frustrating and repetitive.Pros : - Good melee animations and slowdown upon melee kills - Area-based freeplay for those who want to mess around and blow stuff up until they feel like moving the story forward - Semi-destructible environmentCons : - Featherweight objects -LRB- walking into a car makes it tumble end over end 100 ft away -RRB- - Bad voice acting -LRB- Starscream sounds like a 60 year-old man with a frog in his throat -RRB- - Strays far from the movie story , which is what this is based off of - Frustrating missions -LRB- the 3rd level took around 4 tries , and I 'm a good gamer -RRB- - Idiotic Police AI -LRB- artificial intelligence -RRB- - The DS versions -LRB- Autobot and Decepticon -RRB- are more complete than this which is saying something considering the DS 's horrible GFX engine . - Poor render distance -LRB- enemies disappear from the screen if you go too far away from them -RRB- - Bad sound quality and misused sounds for certain weapons -LRB- I.E. Bumblebee 's shotgun-esque heavy weapon -RRB- - No midair transformation
 This game is a lot of fun once you start , but slowly fades away . The missions 's are repetative `` destroy the other bot 's '' . You may also have to accomplish up to 5 or more tasks to complete these missions without being able to save . Games based on movies already suck and this just adds to the dissapointment .
 The only real positive about this game is the graphics . The transformers look very nice in all their detail . The transformation is great to look at too . Going from vehicle to robot and back again is a repeatable enjoyment as long as you 're not involved in a mission.The worst part of this game is the camera work/targeting scheme.This is revealed best when you 're recovering the All Spark as Bumblebee . There are endless cockroach-like robots surrounding you and they do n't want you to get it . -LRB- Note
 The controls are crap . In many scenes where you have to straighten up the guy is turning in all different directions . Its a fun game but that is frustrating .
 The game seemed cool ... until the second chapter . I always get irritated when game-makers create characters and situations so difficult to control that it 's nearly impossible to complete a task . Challenging players is fine ; frustrating them is not.Thank god I only payed $ 10 for this one .
 This game came with the Xbox 360 my wife bought for me on ebay so I thought I 'd give it a try . While it is fun driving through the streets and then transforming into a giant robot , the missions in this game are mind numbingly dumb and frustrating . Guess my biggest complaint is when you 're fighting the bosses , you have a very small green area that you have to fight in . Get outside the area for a few seconds , and you 're going to have to repeat the mission . It 's so irritating that the bosses do n't actually have to beat you , they just have to engage you or keep you from getting back inside the green area . I just do n't understand why the designers would n't allow you the entire city -LRB- or at least a larger piece of real estate -RRB- to fight . Worse than that is that missions and boss fights are so repetitive and waayyyy to long . Fight the boss . Boss flies/drives away . Fight boss ' minions . Boss comes back full health . Fight boss . Boss flies/drives away . Fight minions . Boss comes back full health . Repeat process . Oh , and get stopped during one of these encounters and its back to square one.Another irritating point is the inability to use your guns . Sure you have them , but they do no damage on your opponents because they 'll just throw up an energy shield and block you . Course the shield is far from perfect because while bullets and high explosives do little to penetrate it , a thrown tree or light post will go right through . Often times , you ca n't even do damage on a boss until you can hit him with some sort of object -LRB- car , tree , pole , etc. . . -RRB- , and good luck with that because the targeting controls are worse than horrible.Lastly , I honestly can not stand the A.I. in the game . People walk around you like you were n't even there or just run hysterically directly into you . When you fight Megatron as Optimus Prime , you 're constantly having to dodge people and cars who are for whatever reason oblivious to the fact that two 30 foot robots are laying smack down on each other in the middle of the city and just go about their business . You 'd think dad would have the common sense not to drive the family mini-van in the middle of that but unfortunately , that 's not the case here . If that was n't bad enough , when you play as an autobot , there are cop cars constantly harrassing you . Apparently , local law enforcement has sided with the Decepticons because they only shoot at you and not them . I was fighting as Jazz vs. Starscream and Blackout and trying to get away to earn more health when I was blind sided by two cop cars and pinned in between a non-existent wall allowing both Blackout and Starscream to beat the crap out of my stupid non-responsive robot.Overall , this game had so much potential but fell flat on its face with poor game design and an awful A.I. Ca n't tell you how many times playing this game I 've wanted to throw my controller at the screen . If you have to play it , you 're much better off renting .
 I bought this game when it first came out . I paid $ 75 for it at Wally World . It will be the first and last movie themed game ever . This game is run on some game engine that although appears to be like a sandbox , it 's very limited . Graphics were ok , but gameplay gets 1/5 stars . Everything elses was pretty bad too .
 The first two installments in Roberta Williams ' ground-breaking `` King 's Quest '' adventure game series were all about freedom . Sure , you had to figure out what tasks needed to be accomplished , but there also existed that freeing aspect where you could seemingly just wander around forever exploring your environment . Unfortunately , Williams went away from that formula in King 's Quest III
 The votes are in and this is how Transformers on the PSP has scored : Gamespot Rating
 The gameplay is boring ! and get 's slow if many enemies on the screen at the same time . Also , when fighting a BOSS , the scenes suddenly cuts to the movie for the next level without having totally defeated him yet . In some cases , the life bar had almost a 15 % left . TERRIBLE GRAPHICS !!! , almost insulting for a 2007 release.Overall sounds are simple , mediocre.Unlockable features suck !!! Waste of time and money . It is a MUST-NOT-BUY !!
 I liked Transformers the movie , but I was kind of hoping for a different storyline ... controls take a little to get used to , not a fan of the aiming in most vehicle modes , robot form seems to work better for fighting . Not the most enthralling of video games , I played it for 2 days then put it away - I was hoping for God Of War with robots , but it ca n't compare .
 IF you 're looking for a boring game this is it . my family played it and it was way easy and so utterly boring . Go for something better .
 After watching the all popular movie , i decided to buy the game thinking that `` hey the movie was good , maybe the game will be good as well . '' But to my surprise , hell m * tha f*cking no !!! the game is a complete disaster . its very slow and i ca n't go on , this game makes me want to burn my PSP . A good RPG is Valkerie Profile : Lenneth -LRB- pardon my spelling -RRB- .
 i really liked the movie , so i go and get the game for my psp . i actually played the whole game thru to the finish . the story of the game has nothing to do with the story of the movie , not that i really cared for the story of the movie . this whole game is basically , turn into a robot blow up other robots or objects , turn into vehicle go to next object to blow up . the graphics are horrible , gameplay leaves you wanting more . this is not the worst game i have ever played , but not worth retail price i payed of 39.99 , luckly i finished it in a bout a week sold it on amazon got about 80 % of my money back . maybe not bad for a rental if you have nothing else to play
 Prio to buying I contacted Rockstar through their website and customer service , both told me this game would work for Vista ... it wont . The disk wont even become recognized by Vista . I am a computer programmer and very use to getting games to work with Vista , but this one just wont do it.Unless you have XP or a little earlier , dont bother buying the game . It will just become a paper weight.Other than that , I have read other reviews that at this day in age , this game isnt worth your time or money anyways .
 If you use the mouse is pretty much impossible to play this game . So I attempted to use the keyboard to steer . When I tap left or right , I go about 90 degress the direction I turned , crashing into whatever is to the left or right of me . Everything else if fine , but everything else is impossible to experience when I ca n't race because I 'm always hitting building and trees because of the super sensitive controls .
 Midnight Club 2 has decent graphics if you have the hardware , but it 's a complete failure as a racing game . All of your computer opponents fly past you even on straight stretches with the throttle maxed . The damage to your car and others is completely unrealistic , and there 's no difference in the way any of these cars drive and handle . I was disappointed with the driving physics in EA 's NFS Hot Pursuit , but this game makes it look like a racing simulation in comparison . It 's not even good enough to be considered an arcade racer as the keyboard controls are overly sensitive and there 's no way to adjust the settings.The PS2 version got a lot of positive reviews , but something was lost in the translation to the PC . If you 're looking for a racing game with good graphics and driving physics , NFS Porsche Unleashed is the one to beat . This game does n't come close .
 The game itself is a lot of fun - it is extremely fast and wild . It is certainly not realistic - you can crash over and over again at high speeds without getting damaged , but it is an arcarde game and not a simulation . The main complaints I have are with the graphics and the controls . I have a very good graphics card -LRB- GeForce 5900 -RRB- , but there are no video options for this game ! I 'm stuck at a low resolution , and it looks terrible by todays standards . Also , there is no way to adjust brightness or contrast , and in a game that takes place primarily in the dark it is often impossible for me to see where I 'm going . I do n't appreciate having to adjust the displays on my monitor just for this one game . For the controls , I have a force feedback steering wheel , but for some reason I ca n't configure the use of the gas or brake pedal ! Overall , a very disappointing game .
 `` Not so good '' pretty much sums it up . I have a high performance , new computer and it still does not perform well . The graphics are , at best , sub-par , especially in comparison to Grand Theft Auto
 I had high anticipations for this game . The commercials showed a very polished product of great desire , but it looks and plays like a game you used to see in the 1990 's . Even with a top of the line gaming setup the graphics are very pixelly
 Shrek The Third game is unfortunately just a so-so game overall . The developers did not put a whole lot of time into the graphics considering this is for a next generation console . Honestly , this looks no better or worse than Shrek 2 on the old XBox . My family and I personally enjoyed Shrek 2 much more . You can really see that Shrek and Donkey look sort of distorted and definately different than in the movie . So far , most of the voice acting in the game has not been from the movie actors . Puss ' voice is really evident . Unless Antonio had strep throat while recording , that is not his voice.Gameplay is fairly straight-forward . Mash buttons and follow a predetermined path . There are some hidden things here and there to discover , but so far , they seem too easy to find . Also , unless you just stand there and do nothing , it is fairly hard to die.The biggest overall disappointment and change from Shrek 2 is this does not have co-op play . The only muliplayer part there is is some mini games and some one on one battles . No co-op in the actual game adventure . We play a lot of games as a family so this is a huge negative for us . Yes , Shrek 2 the game was sort of corny to play , but at least we could play it together.This game is far from worth $ 50 , so this is a rental at best .
 I do n't know who they made this game for but it was n't the 4 -5 year old . I thought since this game was about Shrek it would be suitable for little folks . It is n't . There is something about the camera angles on this game that may even the simplest task difficult . The game mechanics stink!My little guy ended up trying to do a simple task -LRB- climbing boxes -RRB- and fell down so many times I had to do it for him . Did I succeed ? No!The perspective of this game is odd and you ca n't really tell how high you are jumping or even figure out where you will land . End result , mounds of frustration.It 's almost as if the developers had a weird sense of humor and made the game control as difficult as they could.I DO NOT RECOMMEND this game for players under the age of 7 and I do n't even know if they would be able to play it.Horrible game !
 To clarify , the key thing is do n't BUY this game . It 's now available to download for FREE on the Internet . The sequel is in development and the developers are allowing people to play the first one for free to get them interested in buying the sequel -LRB- something a few other developers have also done - e.g. , Rockstar with GTA 2 -RRB- . Save yourself a few bucks .
 I loved the original Age of Wonders . I stayed away from the second game in the series -LRB- Wizard 's Throne -RRB- when the focus shifted from armies to characters -LRB- your `` wizard '' -RRB- , and the need to stay within a certain distance from your home base to be able to use magic . This , the third game in the series , continued along that vein , but I gave it a shot , mainly for the random map generator , which was absent in the first two games . I should have stayed away from this one too . The graphics are n't even as good as the first game , the pace seems much slower , just dragging along , and the scenarios I played -LRB- and the quests I got within them -RRB- were n't really explained very well , so it was n't clear how to go about beating them . Finally , the part of the manual giving descriptions of the races and all their units was not included , at least not in the manual . They were on the cd itself , but it was a long pdf file -LRB- just under 100 pages if I remember -RRB- , and not too many people are going to want to print all that out .
 This game has spectatular graphics , but every other aspect of the game falls short . The gameplay takes FOREVER . It is turn-based but the incremental change in cities and hero levels changes extremely slowly . High level units cost a fortune and take several turns to be created . The economy is horrid . The only way to gain gold is via cities . No gold is given for kills . One of the biggest disappointments is that your main character is confined to your main city . The character 's powers are amplified by the character 's wizard tower . You can not cast spells in battle if you are not with your hero or not at your tower .
 Idols , huge statues of the devil at space ports . Trading area . Obviously , Idolizing , glamorizing , and showing devil worship ... Way Evil !!! Do n't recommend !!! Does n't work on win 7 unless u have win 7 pro with XP adapter . Not worth buying this blasphemous , sacrilegious foul waste ...
 I admit , I have n't played a lot of survival horror . I rented this game because I thought it would be a good intro to the genre without the need to worry about twitch shooting and ammo counts . Plus , the story sounded interesting.Things did n't turn out that way . The game is SLOOOOWWWW . Action ? What action ? You spend your time running around through the same areas , looking for items . Sometimes you end up in combat . Mostly you run around.I use the word `` run '' loosely , since Jennifer does not seem capable of fast movement . Imagine running with your legs tied together - that 's her speed . -LRB- To add insult to injury , if you make her move too much , she bends over and pants once you stop her ... -RRB- On the other hand , graphics and audio are very well done .
 First of all , I do n't see the controversy in this game that everyone was talking about . It 's disgusting yes , it may make you cringe , but not in a way other survival horror games do since all the freaky moments in this game involve being poked in the face by rats tied to sticks . Oh boy ! Sign me up!Just kidding . While that 's reason enough to move on to many of the better survival horror games out there -LRB- Silent Hill and Siren are great -RRB- , the controls in this game are utterly useless , since there is no gameplay whatsoever . You spend half of each level encountering no monsters , just running around telling a dog to find stuff , and that 's worse than you think . You 'll find an item that has no use but so that the dog will smell it and find another item that has no use , and so on and so on , until you finally find a healing item that will heal about 3 % of your health bar . Oh happy day when you find that reclusive item.And you 'll need it because the boss battles are out of hand . And any of the monsters basically . This is one where you fight only if necessary , because if you want to stand in a room and fight the main character just closes her eyes and blindly stabs while 10 monsters overtake her . The boss battles are incredibly one sided , as they require you to dole out 50 + hits while dodging . attacks that will take huge chunks out of your life bar , and are almost unavoidable.I 'm not going to say that Rule of Rose is one of the worst games I 've ever played , but it is slow , boring , and has a difficulty that will drive even the most hardened adventure and survival horror players like myself away from it . If you can keep from breaking your controller in disgust of the game over screen , and keep from falling asleep during the cutscenes -LRB- I literally did so twice -RRB- , then you might be able to withstand Rule of Rose . I just hope you do n't pay $ 30 like I did .
 This game is slow moving -LRB- no run ability ? -RRB- , there is no onscreen life meter -LRB- WTF ? -RRB- , no ability to target enemies , imprecise controls , terrible combat system , yet extremely well done strange & bizarre cutscenes with beautiful graphics . I can understand people loving the trailer for this game , the cutscenes really are some of the best graphics I 've seen in the PS2 , but this is a game , not a movie . The control & combat sections -LRB- random guys each level and boss battles -RRB- are why this is so bad and many of the combat parts you can not avoid.This is the equivalent of a `` dumb blonde '' videogame - it looks really nice , but when you interact with it you realize it is borderline retarded .
 This game had little to no story line and a defective battle system . The main character was easily killed and the endings were poor and did not help explain the story at all . This should be a rental only . You should not buy this game . It is a waste of money .
 If you love animals stay away . Brilliant in many area horrendous in others the ending does not allow for anything but anger and misery IMO
 Have not played the game . as we brought it and did not realise that it would not be compatible with NZ PS2 console .
 I just purchased this game because my family had been playing the demo for a while and really liked it . On the demo , the sound would come and go but we figured that problem would go away once we bought the full version . I actually ordered the full version right here off of Amazon . What I got was the full software that still has sound problems . In addition to that , the game will only save for one person . One saved game per household ? That 's just not working out.The objective of the game is to build a successful casino , meeting game goals along the way . You can purchase and set up gambling tables , slot machines , bars , dance floors , movie theatres and more . You also manage personnel and give them raises and bonuses as need . Another factor of the game is watching the clientele to ensure no one is causing trouble . When trouble is spotted , you send a bouncer or guard over to fix the problem.This game has a lot of promise , but the bugs make it difficult to enjoy . Add to that the fact that the user guide is TERRIBLE -- it does n't even show the system icons . I keep getting a bullhorn blinking over top of things . I have no idea what it means , but there is no icon chart in the documentation to help me figure it out .
 The game is very well set up with features of a casino sim game never seen before . They give you competition which makes the game realistic . You can purchase other business ' and then merge properties in order to make a huge casino . You can send hitmen to other properties and reduce traffic by killing all visitors . This then allows you to buy that property cheaper . The negatives of the game is too much micro management . Your bouncers tell you a fight is going on , but you physically have to ask the bouncer to make them stop by click with you mouse button . If you do n't your bouncer only watches . So you could be working on your 3rd casino and are constantly being pulled away from it . 2nd bad thing , the casino games do not earn you much money as they do with prior casino sim games . Very hard to make a buck . I remeber being in Vegas and speaking to a Pit Boss and he told me that the Nickle slots make so much in profit that it covers all casino expenses and the rest is profit . this clearly is n't the case with the game . The game also has many tendancies to freeze -LRB- new computer -RRB- . Great graphics too much micro management . Themes of casinos are also boring . Wish it had an editor so that we could upload a casino like the Bellagio , MGM etc. . If you get the game keep in mind you will get pulled away often due to fights , cheating and other petty issues with the game .
 The game has a good idea , but theres nothing to it and after a little while its extremly boring . I wish I did n't buy this game .
 Okay , I cut my teeth playing Omnitrends Universe . Which was at the time of its release the most complicated , difficult to learn game in history . -LRB- also a totally amazing open ended space sim circa 1988 -RRB- . I would say that Battlecruiser follows very closely in that genera , a very indepth open ended space sim , built on technology . So if you 're into the genre , I mean really * into * it like willing to study and memorize the manual before you ever even install the game , willing to accept that the so called training missions are nothing of the sort -LRB- they are simply instant action missions where no one will kill you , they serve no educational purpose at all -RRB- . Still do n't buy it.Seriously . Because you will have problems , -LRB- I could n't even get it to run for over 5 hours -RRB- , and the president and CEO of 3000AD , -LRB- who also apparently is the head of tech support -RRB- is the rudest person I 've ever had the displeasure to know . Instead of being helpful to people who are struggling to get this piece of 1990 's circa technology to work . I do n't have a personal grudge , we 've never spoken , but I encourage you to check out -LRB- http://www.3000ad.com/ubbcgi/ultimatebb.cgi -RRB- his forums to know what type of person you 'll be dealing with if you ever have any kind of problem at all . The Man proudly flies this quote in his signature : `` Squirrels with very cold paws have less trouble getting into peanutbutter than the average uninitiated Homo Sapien has in getting into aBattlecruiser game . - Tim Stone , PC Gamer UK # 133 Review `` Seriously the only people who should be buying this game are parents who want their kids to stop playing games forever .
 After buying this and feeling the weight of the package I should have known that there was going a massive book explaning how to play the game.It is way too complicated to have fun without researching for hours . I blame myself for not looking at the reviews first for if I did I would have known not to buy it .
 i bought this game thinking it would be great but it is crappy , the graphics are great but the game i dont understand.i tryed just learning the controls but i found out only to fire and move.here are some cons and pros , cons : theres like a thousand controls you have to learni couldnt do anything nothing to fight , i couldnt get into starbases or buildings , theres like 5 or 6 computer things in this like screens and menus.prosgood graphicsthe easyist thing to play is being a marine which is like fps -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- -LRB- though it is freakin boring at begining -RRB-
 EVE Online , Freelancer , Homeworld , even old school Wing Commander and Privateer titles are much better , IMHO .
 Nevermind how complicated this game is purported to be - do n't buy it just for the outrageous hassle you 'll go through just trying to get it to run on your system , because of the anti-ripping technology that 's spot-welded onto this thing . If I wanted to be challenged by the complexity of getting a complicated program just to run on Windows , I 'd just as soon hand-code an emulator for the Apollo Space Program as try to get this thing to cooperate .
 For the Like of me have no idea why I bought this game . Too many controls and does ' t have a tutotial or how to in the game or maybe there is but have to press this or that . If you like simulators this is your game .
 I see why I 'm the first review . I 'm the only one stupid enough to buy it . Way too many controls to have to try to remember . An airline pilot has less . -LRB- I 've got a simulator -RRB-
 Pro 's
 First off let 's get the whole RPG definition out of the way . This is an RPG only because there is a character development tree , which is overly simplified at that . Let us also not compare this to another pseudo RPG Oblivion , because that 's like comparing gold paint with gold magic marker ; both claim to be something they are not.This is an action game with some character development stuck into a loose plot line , terrible voice acting and particularly mundane dialogue . I would not have been so disappointed if the marketing had n't played up the games release so much . The graphical style of the game obviously comes from an outdated graphics engine being pushed to its limits . The bombastic theme music that comes up for no reason at all makes it feel like a Monty Python skit in parts . I found very little redeeming in this game .
 I 'm so glad I did n't spent more then a couple of dollars for this game . From the incredibly clunky movement , to the nightmarish lag , to the horrible voice acting - this game does n't come close to comparing with the RPGs that have been released in the last 10 or 11 years . I 've played games released in 2001 that put this one to shame . I did n't make it more then 10 minutes before I was so disgusted that I completely removed it from my computer and will rightfully give this game away . Please , if you 're looking for open ended free roam RPG fun - look up the Elder Scrolls series or for pure sandbox goodness
 First I would like to say I am a big RPG & fantasy fan . I waited for this game to come out ever since it was talked about . When I finally got my pre order and plugged it in to play it I could tell right off that bat during character creation that this game was going to be a flop . Pray I did give it a chance though , I played it for about a week before deciding to trade it in . What a huge let down this game was . Everything about it just reaked of cow dung . Poor character creation , bad character models , horrible acting , terrible sound , dumb gameplay , an even worse story / script . The only thing that was good about this game was MAYBE the outside world graphics , like the trees . Sort of simular to Oblivion . Which brings me to my next comment . I was expecting this game to be simular to Oblivion , infact I was expecting it to kill oblivion with what this game had promised . Maybe I 'm a little biased here and that 's why I do n't like it so much ... actually nay ... it 's not . It 's just a horrible game . Trust me . Pray the next title they release is 1000 x better . They should put people to death for making horrible games like this and misleading everyone . What horrible business ! I can tell you personally I will never buy another South Peak game again . Infact I will urge others not to either . I 'm sticking with Bethesda , Rockstar and Blizzard . At least with those guys I know I will be getting my moneys worth if not more . Want a good RPG ? Get Oblivion . Get WOW . or even take your mommy out to an expensive dinner , it would be WAY more worth it than this game .
 Horrible game . I could barely play 30 minutes , and that was all I could do with this game . I am a true , a long time RPG fan and I hate to say Dungeon Lord was much better than this game . And Two World made me rethink recent fall out of Gothic 3 like a game from heaven.Two World is like a first person action RPG like Gothic and Oblivion.I had a lot of hope and hypes about the game but my excitement shattered at the character selection choice . You have no choice but to choose one ugly human male . The character make over was awful but hey ! who gives about how do you look , right ? The male portrait had an ugly teeth showing and I tried to change the lips so it wo n't show . But the damn designers thought that must be shown ! I just could not change the way he looks and it was very frustrating . It was almost at a point , I just did n't have a desire to play the entire game with this character . And guess what ? Your character will be visible through out the game during the cutscene and so on.But the game is n't about how you look so I force myself to ignore and drive on . Well , it did n't last long . There are absolutely no tutorial , and there were no help to find . That 's OK . I will read the manuals later or I will try to figure it out on my own.But this did n't last long either . Fighting mechanism is awful . It is really really bad . You use WASD to move around but when you use S to step back , the character actually turns around and move away from fight . I was forced not to hit `` S '' key during fight and I was gunho , all out attack stance whole time . Like someone explained earlier , you start off with right clik , fireball , click , click , run out of mana . Left click , click , click , no DEFENCE , just hack slash use potion . And please do n't try using your bow . You have to hold left mouse button to relase but it also takes time to zoom . There is a quick zoon option but you need that holding for more damage . But by this time the animals , like boars wolves , are already hitting you and you force to release it early . And like I said earlier , you ca n't do a stance and move backwards so you turn around and try to run . Repeat the same thing . Guess what ? The pack of wolves are already coming at you and you just shoot the arrow , left click . NOT ! No damage . You try to hold on then you are getting hit and lose HP really fast . So guess what ? You do right click for fireball and back to equiping sword then slash again . Playing Dungeon Lord was awful with so much bug and NO MAP but it was actually fun to play . Two World is out of my world ... Not worth trying more of my valuable time .
 and without warning , you are thrust into steep activation/copywrite requirements and -LRB- for you who flame without realy reading a reveiw thouroly becasue your eyes and mind are lacking -RRB- it is NOT so much the activation as the REQIRED internet connection for a SINGLE player game that gets sensible people upset . I am also offended that comsumors seem to take sides with the companies instead of fellow comsumors , you only hurt yourselves in the end when big business takes over your whole entertainment period!why on earth any consumor wants to defend this is beyond reality why they flame all reviews to the contrary is beyond reality ! Why do n't you look at the review of `` Bioshock '' with the same rediculoius -LRB- and fashous -RRB- comments involved , yeah , like personal attacks will change one 's opinion ! It not only allows hackers more area to down your system it now involves more insentive to do it as now your out 50 bucks because your `` linmited '' install is expired when you try to restore the system . PLUS if you DO decide your PC is not fast enough to run this product and want a new once you ca n't install this copy of the game because , as with Windows XP you 'll get `` according to owr records , you have already activated this on another computer '' rutine . . for you who agree be a wolf , not a sheep for you flaming morons , grow up and ship out !
 Games should state explicitly on the Box `` Online Only '' One of the Worst RPG 's ever experienced . Company should be SUED !!!
 QUICK UPDATE
 Three words
 This game had a lot of hype attached to it when I was first told about it in gamestop . The clerk there had asked if I liked Oblivion or any other RPGs . I had said yes . He told me it would be a little bit like Oblivion but 3rd person . I wo n't be discussing the similarities and differences based on Oblivion . I am just letting everyone know how I came to hear of this game.My girlfriend had pre-ordered this for me as a gift . When I got it , I played it for hours until I beat it . Even if I do not enjoy a game , I still try my best to play it to the end , to have the full experience and full opinion . I have played a variety of games . Anything from Hitman , to Diablo , to STALKER , to Startopia , Warhammer , Fallout , all sorts of games and I enjoy every variety.I was n't too impressed with this . The official site had promised a change in the world of the game , based on whether you are good or evil . It talked about necromancy not being available until you discover it , along with no zombies until you `` activate '' the necromancy branch.I was led on to believe many things about this game before I played it . And I would actually point out that the official site lied a LOT.There were many pros and cons to this game.Pros :1 . You start off weak , you really need to work on your character to fight the numerous creatures throughout the game .2 . Many different types of enemies , up to the end of the game .3 . You can kill anything . If a villager tells you about a reward and wants you to do a quest , you can actually just kill them and take it . Or anyone else for that matter .4 . You can stack weapons and armor to create stronger versions . This is great when you enjoy the look of an armor or if you want to keep a specific weapon style .5 . Very large map to play in6 . Beautiful HDR lighting to the point of realism to sun sensitivityCons :1 . You have a predefined character as a human male , warrior . To be anything else takes quite a few hours to actually be much of anything .2 . Bows were practically useless , as was most magic . The hack and slash way of fighting was most effective .3 . Misleading info on the actual SITE . When you end the game , whether you choose good or bad , only determines the end cutscene , after that , you are done playing .4 . Phone activation5 . So so voice acting6 . Not much to the fighting style , you swing , you swing , you swing . No combos , no variety to fighting moves .7 . Blood is horribly rendered , just a small red splotch on the screen .8 . Horse riding is very inefficent , not worth fighting on the horse itself . Hard to control while riding9 . At times the missions tended to be confusing.Conclusion : In the end , if I had not payed the $ 50 and payed around $ 10 , I would had been happy with it . You get what you pay for . It is n't the best game out there , but it is n't the worse . I give it 4/10 overall . Not for me , even though I have played huge varieties of games , and have played many RPGs even .
 I was all hyped by this game after reading about it on the net . I foolishly pre-ordered it thinking it might be a fun hack 'n' slash like Diablo or Sacred.I was wrong.For an RPG , you have one choice and one choice only in the singleplayer game . Male . Human . That 's it.There are no classes . No races . You can allocate points to different skills but your combat will come down to this for every fight , I 'm not kidding . Right click -LRB- fireball -RRB- , rclick , rclick , rclick . Out of mana . Sword/staff L click , L click , L click.You ca n't target mobs . You ca n't change targets . The game targets for you . You cant click a body to loot it . You have to walk up to it , an ` eye ' appears and you hit the spacebar to interact with it . There is no mouse pointer on the screen at all . I hate not having control over what I want to do in a game . Let me choose my target , please.The mobs , and boy the variety you 'll see -LRB- wolves , bears , and boars -RRB- , all come in packs of 5 or more . You wo n't find a single mob in this game it seems . The graphics are subpar . I read somewhere this graphics engine was being developed in 1998 . Believe me , it shows.The sound . . I could go on and on about the sound . Suffice it to say , if you have a Creative card , GOOD LUCK getting it to work . I finally manged to , do n't ask me how . The FAQ suggests -LRB- get this -RRB- , removing your Creative driver and going back and using the ol' MS generic drivers as a fix . I guess they really are thinking in 1998 , eh?The quests are n't fun , the voiceovers are horrid , and fighting from mounts ? Good luck controlling your mount or steering it . You 'll dismount for ALL of your combat you 'll get so fed up with it.I 'm not trusting any new SOUTHPEAK for any games again . No more eastern european game designers for me . I 'm done with them . They 've always dissapointed me -LRB- Beyond Divinity anyone ? -RRB- Trust me . . pass this one by .
 Before I start let me say I really wanted this game to be good , I really did . This is likely why I gave it so many chances to redeem itself , only to see it fall flat on its face.To be fair , it does look good . On the highest quality it approaches Oblivion , almost but not quite . It does have a storyline and a plot , not good ones mind you but still more than Oblivion ever managed to offer . It offers lots of open ended play , and will keep you entertained for many hours.Sadly , this game is completely undone by the gameplay itself . Let me elaborate . You start the game by customizing the level of ugliness you want your human male main character to have . No option for additional races or even for a female character . Just several slidebars to adjust things like hair style , lip size and whatnot . If this sounds like Oblivion , it should , this game merely uses a badly constructed , shameless ripoff of the creation system Oblivion used.After giving up on ever making a character you can stand to look at , you may start the game . The game start off with some battle fundamentals , thus introducing you to the horribly broken system of combat . Essentially , you use the same three hit combo over and over . After finishing the combo , you will stand there uselessly for a second or two and allow the enemy to pummel you senseless , at which point you begin again . You can not block or even fight while moving , the best you can do is hop backwards . This fancy little dodge is more of an insult than anything . Many times I attempted to jump back to avoid being hit only to be nailed anyway and stand there uselessly for a second . At times , combat is so slow and jerky you feel like you are playing a turned based game.After seeing combat , you are then introduced to the amazing world of voice acting , or rather the lack of it . The acting is terrible and completely drags you out of the game . The use of `` Thees '' and `` Thous '' gets annoying very fast and brings you to reply `` Forsooth , you all sound like morons . '' Shakespeare never wielded a sword , casted a fireball or met even a single troll , please do n't make characters sound like him . The main characters voice is terrible . I have no idea why they casted such a terrible person for the part . After hearing him speak for more than three seconds I would have scratched the voice portion of the game altogether.The world of the game is rather large , so horses are provided for your use . Sadly , I do n't think the game designers have ever been near a horse . They handle terribly , react slowly , and get stuck on nearly every object you encounter . They even come to a full stop when you try to run downhill . The horrible bugginess of the horses in the game finally caused me to swear the things off and walk from that point on.While the list of things I hated about the game can go on for hours , I think I will bring up one last killing fact then call it good . Game balance . I really dislike the fact that I could wade through an entire melee against countless enemies completely unscathed only to catch one arrow in my plate-armored back and be killed instantly . Or worse , to be attacked by enemies that can kill you in one hit . These two events happen about five to ten minutes into the game by the way.Wrapping up , Two Worlds had the potential to become the next Oblivion . The addition of a plot and storyline was exactly what Oblivion needed , and I had hopes that this game would do it . The complete failure of creating a sensible battle system or even balancing the weapons and monsters makes this game gut-wrenching to sit through . Add the last blow to the head known as terrible scripts and voice acting , and you get one amazing pile of salty garbage which we may now call Two Worlds .
 This game sucks . You ca n't play this game using a controller so it is worthless to me . I am sorry I bought this game ...
 I do n't much like making negative reviews but this game hyped up a lot more than it actually dished out.Horrendous graphics even with a nice machine , frames would drop around more than three simultaneous enemies . Broken gameplay and even more broken quests and combat is plain awful . The claim was `` Most Epic RPG of all time ! '' however after seventeen hours of this garbage it has nothing to show for it.I apologize to the developer who probably had positive intentions , but the only thing this game can claim to be epic , is failure . If you are looking at this game after coming from The Elder Scrolls
 The bad in this game vastly outweighs the good . Let me start by saying the story is horrible , a sad mix of poorly written , corny old English dialog and distractingly bad voice acting . Without a solid story to move the game along , there 's not a lot left.Most of the game you will spend fighting . Every monster is pretty much the same , as they are either ranged or melee . Besides timing the dodge key , there is n't much skill associated with fighting , and while it might be fun for a while , it quickly gets old . Further , magic seems underpowered for the most part , so you 'll likely be forced into swords or bows.The sidequests are n't much better than the main quest , if at all . None of them really leap out at you are all pretty generic . There 's no real scripting that gets put into these quests , so they are all of the `` find and kill '' or `` find and retrieve '' variety.As mentioned in other reviews , riding a horse is woefully bad . The horse having its own AI is a novel concept , sure , but poorly implemented and absolutely annoying . I found myself walking more often than not , just to spare myself the trouble.The morality system is also lacking . Sure , you have a `` reputation '' in various areas , but you never really feel that the game even recognizes your evil deeds . Your character just seems to act in accordance to where he is and who he is talking to . While you do have choices , the ethics system is not very good and leaves you feeling that being good or evil does n't really matter.With no good story , painfully bad voice acting and dialog , and poorly written , generic sidequests , what is good about this game?The graphics are nice , though poorly optimized it seems and a step behind its competitors . Make sure you update your video drivers . Also , the teleport system is handy and spares you from the drudgery of having to walk/ride everywhere.Overall ? This game is n't so great , and is n't worth $ 50 certainly . Buy it on the bargin bin if anything , otherwise buy oblivion if you have n't already .
 I 'm a huge fan of Oblivion , Witcher and similar RPGs , and picked up Two Worlds without trying the demo -LRB- foolish of me -RRB- . Compared to other current games the graphics are poor , the combat model is limited -LRB- no targeting -RRB- and the interface is clunky.The world is huge , and it 's fun to wander around . THe environment is almost too realistic sometimes , but the rendering of player characters , faces especially , seems very poor for a game published in 2007 . I 'm running a robust machine with a new graphics card and even on high/max settings the graphics seem rough and `` overly-colored '' , and the rendering of textures like cloth and leather on characters looks as if it was taken from a game a few years ago . Faces are oddly smooth and oddly colored , but I was impressed with the synch of facial movements with speech , which is normally pretty rough in this sort of game.I was n't bothered by the single-path storyline -LRB- male bounty-hunter -RRB- . But , much of the game is cutscenes and talking to people -LRB- pretty much everyone has something to say -RRB- , and the voice acting and dialog are so absolutely , painfully bad that I actually turned off the sound and just read the subtitles . Awful.I will probably play through the game , but for a game that I paid fifty bucks for , I am seriously disappointed . It looks like games I was playing three or four years ago and my expectations for graphics , interface , and realism are higher for a `` modern game '' . Not worth the price .
 After a complete disaster of a launch , and over a year later THIS game is loads of fun ! The game was unplayable to me when it first came out , but after the 1.5 patch -LRB- which was over a gig -RRB- what we end up with is a VERY playable albeit dated game.This game has one of the best item upgrade systems in history , the graphics are REALLY nice for it being a dx9 game , and the game play is simple to get used to . Instead of constantly buying new gear for your character you can instead stock up on the same item and `` stack '' them to improve them . Originally this game was supposed to be `` the oblivion killer '' and that was just stupid advertising , because it is n't even close ; it IS however a really well made action/rpg with on line play . The world is similar to oblivion , but honestly oblivion does n't have mounted combat , as two worlds does n't have talented voice actors . The combat system is also something out of the ordinary , just as you would stack swords to make them more powerful you stack spell cards to make spells more potent . You can go through most of this game without ever getting hit if you dedicated yourself to it -LRB- which you might if you are playing on the hardest difficulty -RRB- because there is a dodge button , and once you get used to the timing it is kind of hard to stop . The story line is nice and the questing goes easily -LRB- note : the monsters never respawn in single player mode -RRB- . The on line play is `` ok '' I did not say great or garbage . It is nice in the fact that it 's there and gives a bit of replay value . It is disappointing that if your client crashes you get a rollback , which seems awful until you realize that all 12 people playing on the US server are using this fact to dupe their items and stack them thusly ... which is again disappointing ... and also makes me wonder how long the on line play will be there because the company does nothing to stop it.In all I LIKE this game , a friend from Canada and I have a great time playing it on line -LRB- since we know we are n't cheating -RRB- . Between the horrible launch and the lack of ... well any form of word from the developers though I would NOT pay more than 10 $ for it . Which lets me wrap up this review by saying . . THANK YOU AMAZON.COM
 Someone took TES III Morrowind and Fable TLC , chopped em up and put em in a blender and out popped two worlds . This game is so awful that I felt literally sick after only 5 minutes of play . Oh lets not forget having to activate it online before I could even use it . This game has been an utter waste of $ 50 and over 3 hours of my time . Its like lighting a $ 50 bill on fire and watching it burn but much less entertaining than that would be . Please save your hard earned money and buy something else.Graphics = BadSound = averagestory = unoriginalvoice over = worse than a cheap Chinese filmcontrols = HorribleCharacter creation/modification = sub parAll in all South peak did n't try very hard and it shows , badly .
 Yes thats right in the game there is an evil force or item called the `` Taint '' -LRB- not too sure i quit after an hour of the nonsense -RRB- I was willing to look past the poor graphics but then my character began to speak in what was probably the most corny voice ive ever heard . I have never actually encountered a game that i was so dissappointed with that i had to uninstall it and throw it away but this game certainly deserved it . To be blunt , the graphics sucks , the voice acting sucks , the controls suck , the story sucks . All in all it is a massive waste of money and time . Although , there is nothing more hilarious than hearing the characters speak of the `` Taint '' in such a serious manner . So the game is good for a couple cheap laughs and nothing else .
 Sang A Deal has not dellivered my DARKLAND Software . I ordered it april 30th and it 's stell not here . June 1
 The wavebird controller sucks . You need to keep buying new batteries every couple weeks . It depends on how much you play . I think it is better to buy the one with the wire
 This is a cheap piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- that weighs as much as the huge xbox controller . At least that contoller has rumble .
 Sure it has its advantages . This conroller is a lot easier to store because there 's no messy wires to roll up , and when you 're playing with freinds , you dont have to worry about tangles . However , it does not have the precision of a standard controller . You can tell when you first try it that there is a little lag in the reactions , and once the batteries get old , it lags more and more and sometimes does n't even work at all . Overall , the concept is good , but it needs improvements .
 first of all dont listen to what the other people have to say . The controller wo n't even be out for a couple of days . Meaning that these people really have know idea what the are talking about . If you want moreand accurate information I suggest that you go to www.ign.com they have the most accurate info for all of your gaming needs.Plus I only gave it one star because it is not out yet i dont want to rate someting I have n't used and ether should these other people
 Wireless feature is great . Batteries last a long time . You do n't have to point the controller at the G'Cube to get it to work . All good things.However , I never use my Wavebird anymore . Games are using the rumble feature in newer and more interesting ways that its hard to play without rumble . I wo n't play games like Zelda and Mario Party without rumble.Since there is no option for colors , if you do buy four wavebirds , you may get confused by the four gray controllers unless you mark them with a pen.And I wish there was an auto-turn-off feature . So many times I 've left my wavebird on overnight draining the batteries .
 This wireless controller did not work well in our house . We have to be very close the the game cube for the controller to work . So we do n't use it , instead we gave it to our 21/2 year old who pretends to use it . Instead of the wireless , we use the wire controller with the optional extension cable . We also had trouble with wireless internet in our house , so I guess for some reason our house is not very wireless friendly .
 The direction to load it into DOS were great and you can start play really quickly . There is a bug in my game that will create a fatal error and start you back at the title screen during land base screen play . i called the seller and got no answer , so the game sits on the shelf .
 I enjoy horse games and have played many of them . This one seems to be very badly designed.-Almost no storyline-No mystery whatsoever , you talk to about 3 people and it 's concluded-Handling the horse is difficult , there are no jump indicators , you just eyeball it , the chances of successfully jumping an object are completely random-The horse will frequently stop if you get within 5 - 10 feet of a tree or small shrub-As far as progression , you get the horse then run the same 3 courses until you beat a set time / score limit , there is no further competition or courses afterwards . Win those three courses , and the game ends . It takes hundreds of tries on each course as a result of bugs , the horse randomly stopping , and randomly making jumps or not.-The book has no direction whatsoever and does not mention dressage , you are left guessing how to perform dressage manuevers.Altogether , its a 30 minute game that takes many hours of monotony due to bugs and bad design.I would not recommend this for children as it 's just too difficult playing around the errors and problems in the game.For a better game , try Champion Dreams
 I thought this game would have been much better . Graphics are bad u get to talk to about three people limited actions , u get one horse I think the jumps are near impossible to make and it was short and plain . The mystery made no sense at all really leaves you hanging . You have to actually figure out what to do next and how to do the dressage part no instructions at all . Stupid i would say .
 My daughter just received this as a birthday gift . We have all the requirements to be able to run it . However , after trying to download it the game will not play and when I tried to uninstall and try again , it states that `` no file name '' `` could not load language '' and one other thing I ca n't recall right now . So , we have a game she ca n't play and junk on my computer I can not unload . Very angry about it ! Definitely would not recommend this game .
 i got this game and i thought it would be really awesome , but it does not work very well . i loaded it and the graphics are very weird . you can barely see where your walking because the grass and sky just fly evry where . i wouldnt get this unless you have a very updated computer .
 At first it was ok , but taking care of your horse is SO tedious , every 5 minutes you need to feed , groom , clean the stable , and put beddingdown . When you do that , the horse is not anywhere in the stable or any of the paddocks . The jumping courses are hard , you have to get SOclose and you still knock down polls and the turns are impossible.The cross country is SO hard , the trees disapear and the jumps disapear too , which makes it SO hard . I got to the point where you have to find your way through the path and the graphics are so bad , I could n't see myway , so I could n't do it . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME , IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY!I would recommend saddle up , time to ride , it is pretty good .
 We were unable to use this game on my daughters E-machine without special equipment .
 This game is so annoying , whenever I ride the horse , the rider is in front of the horse , and the horse is difficult to control . Save your money and do n't get this game , I 've bought two copies and had the same problem on both of my computers .
 it is fun but not realy and has very bad graphics if you want a good fun game thats not much more get 2010 smackdown vs raw
 I always been a fan of thq wrestling since N64 and I own DAY OF RECKONING 1 & 2 on gamecube and I liked them , friday I picked up smackdwon vs 2007 . Sigh ... and I took it back monday morning , ok when I fought I got knocked down with a weak grapple only to tap the life out of my fingers trying to get back up ... you spend too much d@*n time on the mat , horrible controls , even if looking in the book , SOOOO not much FUN < sucks A * $ !!
 I ca n't believe people are rating this game at 4 or 5 stars . This is the worst wrestling game to date . I ca n't believe that they even released this.First , The grappling system is awful . You can barely control your wrestlers abilities , let alone grapple efficiently . Second , the announcers announce moves before hand or not at all . Third , The GM mode is the worst `` GM '' type mode that I have ever seen . You try to control matches to get better ratings . Sounds fun , really it 's not.This game is an embarrassment to the video game industry as well as to the WWE . My only question is Why ca n't we go back to making them games exactly like World Tour , Wrestlemania 2000 , and No Mercy ? Those games were fun and easy to control.Trust me when I say , DONT BUT THIS GAME ! WASTE OF MONEY !
 Let me first say that this game sucks . First , the loading in this game is rediculous . It takes 20 hours to load everything ! The story mode is kind of numb , and i really hate the fact that you ca n't buy superstar points in the shop . if you 're like me , you like to create a lot of characters , and , if you 're like me , you like to copy your best superstar , then edit the copied one so you can have a new superstar with a good rating . Basically , you ca n't change their weight class when creating a new character off a copied one , to reset the attributes , so you can change them up . The create mode is really lame . The clothing sucks so bad in this game . My best friend 's name is David and they do n't even have that as a superstar calling name when you enter the ring like they did in the last one . Last time I checked , David is a pretty popular first name . Hell , it 's Batista 's first name.Like all wrestling games , it does have a degree of fun - a very SMALL degree of fun . but this game is really really lame , and I find it hard to believe that people are saying it 's `` a turning point in smackdown history . '' how the hell do you figure ? seriously . did you ever play the other games ? you ca n't sit there and say it 's the best of the smackdown games , because if you do , you must have never played another smackdown game . If you create a character , and , for example , you make them from Las Vegas Nevada , the announcer will say `` On the way to the ring , from Las Vegas Nevada , from Nevada ... '' Why the hell are they saying the state twice ? Make anyone from a city and state and when they are introduced , the announcer says the state twice.There are so many damn glitches in this game , it 's unbelievable . You have to be a damn cruiserweight to be a luchadore or martial arts ?! That 's pretty lame . Anyone remember Nathan Jones or Steve Blackman ??? Both martial artists and Blackman was a heavyweight and Jones was a super heavyweight.Story mode sucks . All I am gon na say . Music in the game is better , except for that one damn Money in the Bank song , which is probably THE worst song ever recorded.Also , where the hell is Paul London ? Sure , we have 4 friggon Mick Foley 's , but no Paul Lundon or , as gay as they are , the Spirit Squad . They really screwed this game up in every way possible . They really rushed this game . All the little 10 year olds who like this game have no clue about any other WWE game , I can assure you , because this game sucks big time . There are barely any grapple moves !! WTF ???? How can anyone sit there , after plaing the other WWE games , and say it is a good game ? This game is utter crap ! I brought it back within 5 days of getting it.The heights in this game are all off . i put a wrestler at 5 ' 7 '' and he was as tall as Angle ... Angle is 6 ' 2 '' ! I have played every wwe game , and have been a fan of the wwe -LRB- wwf -RRB- since the early 80 's . This game sucks plain and simple . They rushed it . Just like Mortal Kombat Armageddon.if you feel like wasting 50 bucks , then get it - otherwise stick with 2006 or just wait until this one is cheaper - which should n't be too much longer , because the game sucks .
 Here 's a game which attempts to exploit itself as a `` revolutionary '' sequel to the previous games . It boasts this because istead of using the usual `` O '' button to initiate a grapple on your opponent , you use the right thumb stick . The `` revolutionary '' changes in gameplay are basically that , the thumbstick instead of the `` O '' button.Every wrestling game is only as marketable as it 's story mode is enthralling.This one has several amusing chapters you can run through , but their appeal ca n't outshine the level of annoyance one will have to endure when attempting to complete certain tasks . In order to achieve the Royal Rumble trophy and unlock certain locked wrestlers , you must compete in the Royal Rumble match and not the actual Royal Rumble PPV as the World Champion or contender to the World Championship . The Royal Rumble pay per view is n't encountered until very late in the game , so you wo n't realize this until you 've already invested a good days worth of game playing.As with most XBOX 360 games , this one goes out of it 's way to achieve unique forms of irratating stupidity . One case of this is where you would like to quit , and reload a saved game since you are not satisfied with the result of a particular match . If you quit while the game is still playing , it will automatically save your unwanted results . You 'll have to then start season mode from the very beginning . The idiots at Microsoft felt that the gamer must have obviously forgotten to save the game , and instead of putting up a notice they decided to just put up an autosave and negate the need for a save button . They could have just set the autosave feature to save right after a match since you 'd have to turn the console off completely to escape the consequence.This game is a terrible example of a sequel . I 'd recommend that fans of the series just wait for the next one , where they will hopefully improve upon this already stale concept enough to where it will seem like a real sequel to Raw vs Smackdown 2006 .
 The audio on this game skipped and it ruined the fun of the game . My kids like the songs especially and when the song sounded chopped up , they lost interest . The Atari customer phone line is closed and their website only suggested to update the audio driver installed on your computer , which i did and it did n't help .
 I wanted to see realistic view of the cabin but instead you get open space . If you just want to fly the plane I guess it 's not bad .
 I love how the planes handle , and enjoy flighing them on short flights . But the sound is so unrealistic , its so loud it blew out one of my speakers . Also the sounds produced by the engines is sub-par at best , Ive sceen a real a300 takeoff and let me say this add on dosent even come close !
 After buying this disk I was unable to download or play it . The prior reviews , I 've read can only second everything they have said . I have been unable to down load this to my hard drive , but can not play it from the disk ! I run Windows 7 and all I get is nothing or a blank screen and sound only . This is one I would pass on , Try as you might , the better your operating system , the more you 're going to get it . As much as IAtari
 i ordered this for my boyfriend for christmas and he was n't real pleased with it ... he said it just was n't very appealing and he said it was quite boring ... HOWEVER , i also got him the `` ATARI FLASHBACK 2 '' so it makes good sense that the cd compared to the real mccoy would bore him ...
 i ordered the atari 80 classic games because it was advertised to have the game caled chips challenge on it . between the price of the game and the shipping and handling i paid almost 20 dollars and when i got it in the mail and loaded it chips challenge was not even there ! as far as i am concerned i will not use amazon again ! i will go to e-bay or somewhere else , this review is not even worth one star but i have to put at least one to get the review posted !
 WORST GRAPHICS EVER , NOT THE SAME AS THE ARCADE GAMES ! TERRIBLE GAMES !!!
 I suppose it 's what you expect , unless you memory of the FIRST atary games is true .
 I saw another review that mentioned there was spyware in this game . I thought maybe he was mistaken , because I did n't think Atari would have so little self-respect as to do something like that . At the price of the game , it was a minor risk -- I thought.Well ... I did n't even install the game . I chose the option to run the game from the disc for the first time . Immediately , Windows Defender popped up with a `` medium threat '' warning . I would have explored that further , to see what the threat actually was , but my whole system -LRB- I 'm operating Vista -RRB- was acting unstable , a highly atypical state for my computer . I could n't get alt tab to work and I could n't get the game to close . I could n't get to the Defender warning pop-up to click for more information . Task Manager would n't come up , either . I finally solved the problem by yanking the cord on my external dvd drive and disconnecting the game . I could finally exit the Atari window after that.I 'm disappointed , both because I was looking forward to playing the games and because I had thought better of Atari . I 'd like to think this was just a computer glitch and Windows Defender made a mistake , but by the behavior of the game itself , I 'm thinking it was no mistake . What a shame .
 After a purchase and return and a repurchase I still can not load this disc on my computter , menus come up and I select games but every thing freezes and I have to abort all operations . Love the original games but am at a loss with this one .
 The jewel case was cracked on both sides , to begin with . The game seemed to install fine but either locked up immediately or was so choppy I tried to exit it , then it locked up . A few times I had to reboot . I am running XP Home . I tried running it in compatibility mode with all win versions down to Win ' 95 , set the video graphics to a very low level , and increased the memory allowance to max . Same results . I know how to install & run software , been doing it since ' 81 . This program sucks ! Do n't buy it .
 What I was hoping would be a fun present for my husband -LRB- who loved Atari games as a teen -RRB- ended up as a Christmas dud . We tried three different computers in our home , two systems on XP and one on Vista . Same problem with each . The game would install but instead of playing would freeze completely , requiring a forced exit . It 's a shame because my husband is a huge arcade game fan . We 're returning it and will hopefully find something else he 'd enjoy , perhaps Zuma or Luxor . Do n't waste your money on the chance it wo n't play in your computer either .
 I was over joyed to find this product ... BUT when I got it first I could not get it to load ... THEN lo and behold my computer crashed ... to me a worthless product .
 This game for the PC was supposed to work with Windows XP . But every time I tried to use it , the monitor would go black and my PC would totally freeze up to the point I could n't even close it down -- had to hit the ` off ' button . I do n't know if there was a problem with the CD or what , but I 've tired of trying to use it and have since thrown it out .
 Out of the 80 games atari promised , I could only get asteroids deluxe to work normally on my Vista . That alone made it really fun , but it 's a rip-off overall and you should n't buy this product.Since you 're probably desparately looking for addicting games that work on a laptop
 I ca n't get the program to load the games from the main menu screen . When I choose a game from the options , the screen goes black and I have to restart the computer.X -LRB-
 The game it self is fun to play ; but when I want to switch games my computer freezes up . Does anyone know why so that I can fix it or did I buy a junk game ?
 I was excited to get this CD of Atari 's classic games . Unfortunately after installing the program and clicking on a game title my entire computer freezes up . Ca n't play from the CD either . Complete waste of money . I would n't take a chance buying this as many other reviewers have had the same issue .
 I was really excited about this game ; it sounded really cool.But after I had played it for 45 min. , I died -LRB- like I had so many times before -RRB- , and so did the game.It caused MAJOR problems for my computer , and it took a while to fix it . Do n't buy this unless you are abseloutely sure it will work .
 This game had a lot of potential , no matter how lame the movie may have been . The graphics were good -LRB- especially the lighting efects -RRB- , but the polygonal characters ... frankly , they stank . I know Lucas Arts can produce MUCH better titles than this , after having played Jedi Knight and Pod Racer I know it 's possible . But this one was rushed to the point of releasing on beta level ! The sounds were great , just as most of the other Lucas Arts games are . They are usually pulled straight out of the movie . The most annoying aspect of the game was the camera angle . What were they thinking ! You could barely see in front of you . It would have been better for a completely overhead view , than that annoying angle , in which you could n't see twenty feet . Anyway ... I 'm not even going to waste my time writing about a game I was sorely disapointed with .
 I am disappointed with this software . 7 of ten trials to run it have frozen my system . I have a very capable computer with a an 866MHz processor , 256MB ram and 32MB Gforce nvidia AGP CARD . The game should certainly work but it always ends up frozen . All other games work wonderfully . Many times you ca n't even start the game as it freezes in the introduction . Take heed !
 It 's a game . But the acting is no worse than the movie so I give it one extra star because you can do stuff , not just sit there and watch the lousey acting . `` Qui gon , I have a bad feeling about dis '' Well , it 's kinda fun , I guess . You get to whack things with yer light-saber which sounds much like the movie and the other sound effects/background ambience are excellent in my opinion . Music even better . Gameplay OK . Graphics are not the best for now but very good for 1999 . You want a good Episode I game , try Racer .
 To tell you the truth , I actually kind of liked the movie , StarWars Episode 1 , but mainly for its ' special effects . Special effectsare the only redeeming quality of this bomb of a game . You have a very bad perspective with a very short viewing distance . Enemies can shoot you from far off , while you ca n't even see them . On top of that , this game is way to short and repetitive with bad acting and the same boring story from the movie . Discourage George Lucas from making games like this anymore by not buying this game . Then maybe the new Jedi Knight
 This game is ok . When I first played it I thought it was excellent , but after I borrowed it from a friend I realized how lame some parts of the game were . Playing as the queen is just bad , VERY bad . Panaka is ok , Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon are pretty cool because they have sabers . But the queen ? Maybe someone else like Padme or even Jar Jar . The fact that the Jedi could deflect lasers blasts was great . This feature could have been awesome if Lucasarts had n't of made it so difficult to deflect laser blasts . Another problem are the stupid droids . The battle droids sometime do n't attack you when you are 3 feet away from them . Realism is another factor . In the movie , we did n't see R2-D2 until the queen left theed . In the game we see him opening doors for us on the Trade Federation Ship . Even though this game has some really messed up parts in it . There are still some good parts in it . Sound is excellent . THe duel with DM is good too . All in all , The Phantom Menace is a pretty good game if your a star wars maniac , but if your are a simple star wars fan like me it 's really nothing special . Jedi Knight is better anyway .
 I 'm a huge star wars fan , but even I found this game to be a dissapointment . The Graphics and sound are well done , but the game has caused me more frustration than enjoyment due to poorly implemented controls and camera angles . If you 're looking for pretty graphics -LRB- and star wars , of course -RRB- then buy this title , but do n't expect to get very far without hours of frustrating game time .
 The worst game to come out from Lucas Arts . The grafics are bad . The game is played in a two dimentional third person point of veiw from the top . There is no looking around in this game . The enemy can see you before you see them . If you die , you must start the level over , which can be extremly frustrating . The force moves are limited to only a force push , no throwing lightsabers in this game . Not a fun game to play !
 This game is horrible first of all the play is slow . This game gets confusing after a while the levals are just too chanelging ! The graphics are weak and a poor excuse for a star wars game . The voice overs are soo weak ! It takes way too long to load and get thourgh a leval . This doens ' t even follow the movie real well it goes out of the way and follows the smallest details . This is a must not buy and a huge letdown . Star Wars derserves a better game for thier first movie a almost 20 years and especially with all the new technology around . Do n't buy this game !
 The game is challenging which is good thing , but the graphics are kind of weak compared to other games . Another good thing about this game is that you get to interact with other characters in the game which is neat . A disadvantage of the game is if you get stuck in certain places it is hard to get out of and very annoying too .
 whoever wants to buy this game please dont . if you rent it thats fine but the game is lousy.once your done with the game you would never want to play it again .
 The game does not follow the movie whatsoever in any way . Sure powerbattles doesnt but it wasnt meant to . Dont buy the game horiblle graphics and you cant jump or do anything . -LCB- you can but , you call that a jump ? -RCB- The last level is way to difficult to beat . i played for a total of 2 months on that level . im not kidding . i am however an okay gamer . i beat power battles in a month and a half .
 Boy , this game was a real disappointment . I truly expected better for this game , since it was based on a truly cool , badass movie . The main reason why it was n't so good is because of its difficulty ... this game was incredibly difficult ! Even with the Player 's Guide it was very difficult to beat ! The last time I played it was probably 2 to 3 years ago though , and back then I was n't as skilled as I am now at video game playing ... maybe I 'll give it a second chance . Still , its chances of not being sold or something are not really good.After all the reviews that I read , I thought that when I tried my buddy 's game `` Star Wars Episode I
 Take a lousy movie and make an even worse game , what aconcept . ... It play 's like Tomb Raider with a hangover . From sluggish control 's to awkward camera angle 's we have yet another game that Lucasart 's ca n't make work on the Playstation.Atleast Nintendo get 's `` Shadows of the Empire '' and `` Rogue Squadron '' . PS get 's this and `` Masters of Teras Kasi `` The only tolerable thing about this game is the voice work and the cut-scene 's , and I hope you like the cut-scene 's because you 're going to have to sit through them again and again and again.Save your money and hope something goes right for PS2
 This was flat out one of the worst games that I have ever encountered for the Playstation . The graphics are weak and the gameplay is just plain boring . I rented this game and turned it off after about 15 minutes of boredom .
 This game is getting by only because of it 's name . My Sega Genesis had better graphics . This was mud ! Action wise ? Lame . I gave mine away within 48 hours .
 I think this game is is the stupidest game I have played in my life ! First of all , the graphics are messed up and the voice acting is terriable . Second , the game is so frustrating and not fun at all . Overall , avoid this game at all costs .
 Let 's start off with what 's good about this
 I 'm an adult ; My boys and I have had N64 for years and I 've played Mario 64 , Banjo Kazooie , and Zelda 64 - I enjoy the role-playing puzzle solving type games , and my boys 6 and 8 have enjoyed playing and watching me play . We got a playstation for Christmas , with Phantom Menace Episode 1 . I find it extremely irritating that I 'm stuck watching the movie setup for the first challenge every time I restart . There 's no mental challenge to the game that I 've seen yet -LRB- admittedly , I have n't got too far yet , but I may not have the patience to ever get far -RRB- . I wish I had n't broken the seal and could return the game !
 If this was not a Star Wars game I would have thrown it out the window . The music video of the behind the scenes movie action was the best thing this game had going for it . The graphics , camera angle , dialogue , and game play were all below par , and the ending was a let down . I am a Star Wars fan , however only a real Star Wars nut could enjoy this game . I want my money back !
 I waited months for this game and traded a few good ones to get it . I am really disappointed . I expected a Metal Gear Solid caliber of a game , this game does n't compare in any way . Bad playability , little story or dialogue , and for most of the game you must lead other characters through the mazes who slow you down to a frustrating pace . I really hoped I would love it . You win some , you lose some I guess .
 This Joystick sucks hard . We bought it and it does n't even work with windows xp aight . This thing constantly is n't working , so it basically just collects dust . It is like super light weight and just feels weird when your movin it around . I am super bored and am writing reviews for the first thing i look at in this room . Trust me though , do n't buy this joystick !
 Only one of the hand held gamepads worked . By the time we figured it out I had thrown the box away .
 My Saitek 's were good , they were n't `` great . '' But I got a Lik-Sang `` PS1 & 2 to USB '' connector for my birthday and I also found a free key and mouse mapping software called Joy2Key , it does n't have a fancy graphical interface like Saitek 's software but it does the same thing and without taking up nearly as much CPU.Instead of being worried about breaking my d-pad , not having enough buttons , and sticks with barely any resistance to them I am using a Playstation pad for my emulators and PC games now.Stop looking for a rugged PC gamepad because they simply do n't exist . Controllers built for consoles will always be alot more heavy duty than the ones made for PC . And if I do n't like the stock PS1 pads , I can use any other aftermarket pad that has a playstation plug on the end . I like Madcatz 58016 personally .
 I bought this control because it was the only one I could find on the shelf at the store . I came home and started using it and it seemed to be working fine until it came time for me to go through some doors or want to move up and down . I would never want to buy this again , because every time I need to move up or down I have to go and change the settings to be able to move .
 i have only 2 games for my PC -LRB- i 'm not much of a gamer on PCs i prefer consoles over anything else -RRB- `` The Sum of All Fears '' and `` Sonic and Knuckles Collection '' . I bought this thing today , because i hate having to use the keyboard and mouse . i swear i knew from the getgo , i was going to end up returning it . i should have heeded my own warning . neither game would work with it . On TSOAF game , there is n't a thing in the options to calibrate the game for a controller , it will only play using keyboard and mouse , worthless game yeah , but hey , I wanted to play it . Now on S&KC , this game was originally designed for Windows 95 , but i still kept the disc anyway because i love the Sonic games , and it said on the booklet , will work with a gamepad or whatever these monsters are called.Now I know it 's most likely the fault of the games , but still , what good is a controller , if the games you have wo n't play with it . I am not gon na even bother buying another controller , i am done with PC gaming . End of story .
 I got my game and it would n't work . Looking at the game and case you could tell that it was fake and I wasted my money buying it .
 the game shipped to me has the wrong area code it is PS2 PAL not NTSC , I ca n't even play it .
 this game sucks . it reminds a sponge that live in a moldy pineapple under the sea . The thought just scares me . it makes me fear sponges dont by tgis game , ebay rocks amazon sucks
 the thing is , Disney and Nickelodeon suck at making video-games ! they 're perfect at cartoons and movies , but absolutley suck at video games !!!! Its an abomination to video games !!! -LRB- just trying to be dramatic . -RRB- and this is probably the worst of them all !!!! whatever you do , STAY AWAY FROM DISNEY AND NICKEODEON GAMES !!!! sincerly , kenny
 I purchased this game for me and my children and we did not find it fun at all . We 've enjoyed numerous platform games , but this one does not have much to offer . Monotonous and mundane ... I would look elsewhere for an enjoyable video game ... try simpsons hit and run ... spongebob `` battle '' is HORRIBLE !
 This game reezeed a lot . And it is vary hard to play.This is a big dissapontmit .
 My sons used these controllers for about five months.That 's how long they lasted.For both of them , the + directional pad broke and fell out.The plastic parts that held the directional pad was too weak.I recommend using other controllers if you are looking for controllers that are durable and responsive .
 I bought this brand new and after about 1 weeks the up on the directional pad started giving trouble . I love the pad for my N64 but I did n't like the poor quality .
 This gamepad I purchased baecause I wanted to play 2 player games on my Pc . I hade made a BIG MISTAKE , this gamepad is really big and I hate the button layout . I have small hands and it feels like I have to reach to the end of the world just to use the control sticks , and it is so small , I really would not recommend it to anyone , ecspesally children . This is Saiteks worst product ever . It is junk , DO NOT buy this .
 I have been seaching for a good gamepad to use for emulators and other games on my PC for some time now and have found that while there are many great gamepads being made for Playstation 2 , X-Box , and other consoles , there are few good PC gamepads worth buying . While there were some positive aspects to this controller , the problems I have had with the other gamepads in the past were evident in this product as well
 This controller has all the makings of a great but is missing some crucial features .1 . The buttons are way to close together2 . The joysticks are way to loose3 . And my most important gripe is a have returned a total of three of these remote controllers to best buy within a month because they have stopped working . I have only one game for the computer , Halo , so I know I 'm not working it to hard . I purchased these controllers from Best Buy so maybe they just have a bad stock , but whatever the case may be , I will never purchase another one of these controllers again .
 I returned the Saitek P3000 Wireless Gamepad because the batteries not working , and random glitches due to the wireless connection during game play . It was consistently a problem.I decided , to keep with Saitek , but to buy this controller , so i could keep my profiles , and i would n't have to send a weekend programming it.Right out of the box , i discovered the shift button did not work . So now i have to send this one back for a return.Another weird thing is , when i loaded my profiles with this controller , they were blank . When i open the file , the data is still there . Instead of reprogramming it , i have decided to get the Logitech . I use their game-pads for my XBOX and have never had a problem.I am convinced the Saitek just makes mediocre sub standard products . Its a name i will stay away from in the future.Conclusion : I just bought the , Logitech Wingman Wireless Rumble Pad its by far a better gamepad . Its 2.4 GHZ , so it has distance . The software to program custom scripts is miles ahead of the Saitek SST software . When you load the profile , it automatically loads the game which it corresponds with.Please , if your looking for a game pad , get the Logitech . Save your self the 3 weeks on pain I had to go through .
 Although this gamepad is probably fine for some things , it is not for fighting games -LRB- emulators -RRB- . A 360 -LRB- Zangief , etc -RRB- and even half circles are difficult if not near impossible to pull off . For me , there 's no point in playing if Hugo or Zangief are n't usable.I tried this with both the Windows XP generic driver and Saitek 's own drivers with the same results . I have n't tested the two analog extensively and so ca n't comment on them .
 At other sites , this game for GBA is said to be more than it is . This site is the only one I found that tells the truth.IN Playstation 2 version of this game , -LRB- and other versions . -RRB- You can play as Sandy Cheecks , Patrick Star , or Spongebob Squarepants . Each character has their own type of special move . ~ In this game for GBA , you can only be spongebob and go through the levels . No special moves are given.This game is n't that hard either . There are a few hard levels but kids ages 7 and up should be able to beat this game with no big problems . I am on the level before the last and have n't been able to beat it yet . It 's confusing . the game has been fun though and it 's something to do when you 're bored . I want to get this game for PS2 in the future and suggest you get it for another system other than GBA if you are older or like more choices .
 SpongeBob can only do a couple of things . His movements seem limited , there 's not much of a challenge , and the characters only show caption and do not say anything verbally . My son is four and I have played the game as well .
 Well In my rush to buy a new X box game I purchased Artic Thunder without playing it first . What a Mistake . It 's not a terrible game but the graphics are only so so and so was the game play . In my opinion it was simply `` rushed '' out to stores and will probably be one of x box 's first reduced priced games in the near future . One word of advice on purchasing these expensive games for any system including GameCube and PS2
 no me sirvio por que el juego es de xbox solamente y mi consola es xbox 360 perdi mi dinero
 i bought this game in hopes that it was a semi-realistic racing game -LRB- think sledstorm on dreamcast -RRB- but really it 's a low quality copy of super mario kart without all the fun . it ... so i traded it in for MX2002 and i 'm soooo happy i did .
 I would have to say without a doubt this is the worst Xbox title on the shelves . Rent it ... if you are brain damaged and actually like it buy it used in a couple of weeks . I am sure there will be plenty used on the market .
 Sure , I liked Hydro Thunder on N64 but this is TO MUCH !!! I must say WaveRace : BlueStorm is a better buy on a better buy system !
 This is quite possibly the worst game on the xbox . Avoid it like the plague . I would n't play this game again if you paid me . I 'm not even going to try to describe the game play - let 's just say that I 'm confident you could play this game blindfolded and still have the same results in the races .
 I rented this game and was terribly disappointed . The gameplay in multiplayer was so blinding fast that you could hardly tell what you were doing . It was more like random shooting and there was nothing even vaguely fun and/or exciting about it . The single play was all right but the graphics are really lacking . The XBox is capable of so much more and this game really does n't put the console to use at its full potential . I really could n't recommend this game and would n't pay to rent it again .
 Choppy framerate , confusing graphics , sluggish controls , and it 's well boring . This does n't look like an XBox game at all ... Do yourself a favor and stay away from this ... thing . There are so many better games on XBox .
 Let me tell you a story about this being the worst game ever ! The controls are just jacked up . It just does n't feel right trying to do the big tricks . THPS made the tricks flow together , nothing like this game . Another thing , what were they thinking when they made levels in Las Vegas , and San fransisco . I mean if it was a real skiing game , why not make the levels at places where you can actually ski . Jackson Hole , Copper Mountain , Squaw , Mt , Mammoth , Wolf creek . ...
 Put this one under `` skiers who want to snowboard '' . Just watching the opening video is comical , cause Johnny Mosely is such a wan na be snowboarder . I 'm sorry , skiing will NEVER be like snowboarding . Skiing is about speed , mogels and tricks on a mogel course.The actual game lacks any reason to play . The physics are so horrible in this game . Sliding over dirt makes no diffrence between snow ? What the heck ? The time it takes to turn is so unrealistic . The worst part of all is the inclusion of a speedomoter . Headin down the mountain , the game claims you 're going 50 mph , yet gives the sense of snowplowing down a bunny hill . Its so incredibly fake and stupid.Snow board games are fun cause they give people the chance to do tricks most of us will never do . In Mad Trix , actual skiing is better . Do yourself a favor and use the money for a snowboarding game . Or better yet , actually go skiing !
 I was not impressed with this game at all.I found it to be weak , boring , slow , and not exciting at all.I guess I 'm just used to SSX from EA Games.now If EA games put out a skiing game I think they would make a more exciting skiing game .
 This is absolutely the WORST video game I 've ever tried to play . I was so excited that skiing was finally coming to the PS2 , but this game - well , can you say FACE PLANT ? The physics are totally screwed up -LRB- skiiers will hang in midair like they 're suspended from wires -RRB- , the graphics are pitiful -LRB- oftentimes you 'll ending up going through a rail instead of grinding it -RRB- , and the music ; well , let 's just say I 'd rather listen to 2 tomcats fighting in an alley at night . Save your $ ... and rent this one first . Or better yet - take mine !
 i love this game for ps2 and when it comes out for gc but i mean cmon the controls stink . x box is the worst system eva . thats it .
 I 'm sure the seller will say it -LRB- both times -RRB- got lost in the mail . Yea , it 's possible . But after ordering this piece in late December , I still do n't have it in late April ! I just do n't know.How can I get a refund ?
 I bought this yesterday and when i opened the package and put it in my gamecube , it had save data already on it . I didnt see where they said this was a used product . Save data from donkey kong and resident evil 4 .
 the memory card didnt work and it blew out in a day dont ever buy this memory card it doesnt work
 I bought this memory card and saved a lot of games . Then a couple days later it said file is corrupted and it said that with all the games . It is not worth money because it will do that .
 After buying 2x this game should be awesome.Look at em ' bust the moves.and then look at the park editor!But if you like games with more fun , maybe you 'd like to take a look into EA 's SSX Tricky , which i also have first hand expeirience with , and it 's alot more fun then this silly little excuse for a game.That game should be Number # 1 ! Tony Hawk focuses to much on realisticness . compare NHl Hitz 2002 to NHL 2002 , NHL 2002 is more realistic but not as fun !
 Feel sorry for anyone trying to pull off high scoring combos with the X-Box controller . Expect to throw your controller frequently .
 I thought this game had significant potential and I was really looking forward to playing a war simulation . Well , all the fun stopped when I tried the controls for this game . The programers must 've been sitting in an unvented area with lots of beans and bourbon to come up with the control scheme . To make a simple move requires tons of button presses that are counter-intuitive and numerous . The characters are diverse , a bit too diverse . I would n't be surprized if there 's a specialist in tying shoes in this game.The visuals did n't detract much from the gameplay but the gameplay itself is pretty bad . Solving missions require completely off-the wall moves like socking someone , running out of the room , and coming back in . I guess when you come back in , the guard forgets to report intruders . Overall , a great idea with horribly poor implementation .
 I wo n't rate this game as low as I guess I should . In some ways it 's fun and challenging , but in more ways it is frustrating . It is difficult to see the characters . It takes a long time to learn how to do everything in the game , such as pick up certain items and use certain weapons . It 's not as userfriendly as other games I 've played.The one saving grace is that it has unlimited saves , as any good game should ; you 'll need them . I would have chunked it from the beginning had it not been for the saves . Even at that , and using a guide to go by , it 's very difficult to accomplish the major missions . There is only a certain set of actions in a certain order that will lead to success . It is boring , yet addictive at the same time . In a way it reminds me of the Sims at war.Much of the game is spent killing off or gaging and hiding 1 enemy at a time ; and when you have several to get out of the way , that can take a while.If you like challenging games with not a lot of action this might be for you . The challenging part does get me into it . But the lack of action and poor graphics are a big downside.The camera angles are bad too . It does n't really rotate smoothly around your character ; you have to rotate and the angle jumps . It 's not so bad until you get around high walls and it one rotation takes you away to where you ca n't find your man .
 This has to be the worst game i have ever played . the graphics are not good at all . When first starting out , u cann ' t even see the player , plus its very difficult to move/learn the different cotrols for each different character . Do not buy this game , i garentee that it will be one of the worst games that u will ever play on the xbox , or any game system !
 Absolutely impossible to play . This game is way too complicated . There must be a hundred combination of buttons to remember to get things done . Some men can only do certain things and have to remember who can carry a gernade and who ca n't . Who can set a trap and who ca n't . Then try to rember which combination of buttons to push to make the man plant the bomb . After twenty minutes of set up time the enemy attacks but it happens so fast you ca n't move any of your men around in response to the attack . If you lose even one of your men the games over . The game becomes very frustrating and becomes very boring very quickly . This game STINKSThe Keeper of the Sleeper
 Just got this game a day ago and am already looking to sell it . This is by far the most complicated game I have ever played due to the controls . The game does have a wonderful tutorial for learning the controls that from start to finish is only about an hour long . EIDOS should have packaged this game with a 300 page quick referance guide just for the controls . This is probably the worst game I have ever purchased . Granted it is very complicated to learn ; however you would think it would be fun to play once you get the controls down . Even though it 's supposed to be an action game I did not find much action in it at all
 This game is the worst of my collection . You can hardly see the charcters . The controls are hard , and the men can only do certain things . My advice dont buy the game ; its a waste of money .
 I bought this game for computer thinking it to be very exciting and action packed . But actually this game is extremely boring . First , hte controls are very difficult to understand . Second , this game is incredibly difficult . I owned this game for 2 months and only beat two levels . I , personally , like action games that put you on the edge of your seat . This game made you get on the edge of your seat because you almost fell asleep playing it . Even if you turn down the difficulty , it is still nearly impossible . The view is third person lokking from above onto the game . Sometimes this view can get very frustrating in parts of the game . Therefor , this game is definently not worth your money . If someone gave this game 4 or 5 stars i would be very fascinated to figure out what is wrong with them .
 Zero fun . Graphics are very marginal for powerful Xbox 's capabilities . Run from this one , and wait one more year on hoops game .
 Maybe I expected to much because i brought fever , halo , and gotham first . Compared to those games this game bites its slow boreing and dull . Somebody please tell me how anthony peeler can stop T-mac on fast break . HMMM . give me a break EA I want my money back . I hope inside drive is better because it cant e any worse.If you have this game sell it and buy 2k2 . EA -LSB- is bad -RSB- on xbox I hated madden and i hated live but XBOX still rules.Dont waste your -LSB- $ -RSB- on this one if you just have to buy it buy it used and then sell it back again .
 I have this game and its players are stiff just like Madden 2002 i guess it runs in the family the graphics surpass the PS2 version and the Instant Replays are excellent but those are the only thing good about this game if I could I would it 2.5 Stars .
 This game look Great and that 's were the fun stops . I was hoping for faster game play and was totally unhappy.It 's just to slow even on fast brakes . I like the feature where player get tired and you ca n't just sprint up and down the court forever , but it 's seems to me the speed of the NBA is not felt.I need the game to be quicker to make it more competive . I hope this is not the way the system is set to access the net . If so it 's not worth it . Bring back the speed !!! Do n't know what I 'm talking about . Play Sega 's NBA 2k1 and watch how you loose youself .
 the game was so slow poorly graphics bad game play . inside drive is the only game i know you actually can shoot the ball and make in the basket . others all you can do is dunk . you cant even rebound the ball .
 I was greatly dissappointed when I popped this game into my Xbox . The play was choppy , not smooth at all and far too slow . At times , the players looked cartoon-like . If I were you I would wait for NBA Inside Drive 2002 , which comes out on January 22nd . This looks like a much better game and should prove to be so . People are saying that NBA Live 2002 is better than 2001 . Its true , but not by much , plus , 2001 really really stunk ! Wait for Inside Drive 2002 !
 I am an EA Sports devotee from the beginning of EA . But , this dated title needs to be grought into the new millenium . Graphics are ok , but action is sloooow . Playability is fair , A1 is predictable . I would pass .
 I just bought this game last week . I had NBA Live 2001 for PS1 and it seems like that game has more controls than this one . First of all , the big name players can always find a way to get inside and dunk . There are just too many foul calls when you even try to steal the ball . You ca n't do any fake passes or pivot one way and go the other way -LRB- or at least I have n't been able to do it , and I pressed every button on the controller -RRB- . One thing I was shocked about was that there is No Tyson Chandler , Eddy Curry , or Trenton Hassel on the Chicago Bulls . They have almost every other draft pick except for these guys , I mean Chandler and Curry were the 2nd and 4th pick , how can you not have those two in the game ???
 Im VERY glad I rented this game before I bought it . Im really dissappointed in EA . Madden 2002 , NHL 2002 , and F1 2001 are all very good games . I was hoping for the same in their NBA game . After playing a season of NBA 2K1 on my rommate 's Dreamcast last year , I was expecting to have my jaw dropped by this game . The camera angles were poor at best . The controls were n't all that . The only thing that saved this game at all was the 1 on 1 play . But the terrible music that was playing there ruined that , too ! After renting this game , I will be renting ALL games before I buy them . It just goes to show that even the great EA can come out with a dud . I returned the game after the first night and got NHL 2002 again . THATS a fun game . THIS is not .
 I was very disappointed by this game considering the PC-based NBA Live series is so much fun . The players move very stiffly , and their other movements for things like blocking shots and playing defense looks very artificial and unrealistic . Also , the system for storing stats in season mode is woefully inadequate . Every player on the active roster is charged for a game played regardless of whether that player actually plays . On offense , a simple ball fake will almost always get the oposing player in the air , allowing your player in for an easy dunk . But even then the movements are very stiff . I was hoping that the more powerful processor on the Xbox would increase the excitement of the EA Sports line , but NBA Live 2002 crashes the boards like a skinny two guard . I would n't say avoid the game , but just make sure you know what you 're getting and that you can live with it .
 Basically not much difference in this version or the PS2 . High sky-hook shots from the post is the biggest downfall . Slow play on the advanced level makes a baller play on stater just for excitement . NBA2K is much better becuase at least you get a few real game steals by jumpming , Live has none of that . For true Vets , Live lost it when 2k hit the scene . Do n't get stuck with games like this , 100 .
 First I want to say that I love my XBOX . But I wasted my money on this basketball game . It was terrible , there were 3 things that I hate about the game , I do n't like the controls of the game , the game is hard to use . when your playing the guys do n't rebound , and the other one is the guys look to much like cartoons . I do n't even play the game . I am going to wait for NBA inside drive , it looks allot better , I recommend everyone wait for that .
 I 'm very happy with my Xbox console , but this was the most horrid game I 've played for it . The gameplay was terribly glitchy , and the graphics were not smooth either . I 'm a HUGE fan of EA Sports games , and I thought Madden 2002 was the best on the Xbox to date.If you 're looking for a good basketball game , you may want to hold out for a bit . I know I 'm the only negative one about this , but I strongly suggest that you rent this one before you buy it.On the other hand , I will hope NBA 2K2 will serve justice to the Xbox . If not , I 'll just wait till next year .
 you have got to be kidding me , how can this game be getting all these great reviews . this is quite possibly the worst b-ball game i have ever played -LRB- next to espn nba tonite -RRB- . Nba live 98 is seriously better than this . this cant compare to nba 2k2 on any level . the gameplay is horendous . the graphics are horendous . the concepts are horendous . Please buy nba 2k2 instead of this . the people giving this a good rating must have been hired by EA sports or something . Trust me , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 To all fans of Basketball games on Consoles ... Do not buy ... i repeat ... do not buy this game ... wait for NBA 2k2 from SEGA.I got this game as a gift for christmas . I played the game one time and i honestly thought it was a joke . The game play is slow as can be and i personally thought it was difficult to control the players . I had the dreamcast and loved their NBA series . IF the xbox is so much stronger than the sega then why is NBA 2k1 for sega a 10 times better game . If i were a basketball gaming fan i would rent the game before i buy it . All i can say is buyer beware and i told you so . Just wait on NBAK2k2
 The problem about this game is that there is no defense , which means that the only thing that you can do is drive in with the turbo button , then dunk . * sucks . * YOu can roast the AI doing this . Bleg .
 well i 've been probably one of the biggest NBA live fans from NBA Live 95 on SNES to current ... but wow , this was not very goodgraphics and stuff are whatever , they dont really matter ALL that much in a basketball gamecrossover and ` stutter step ' , theres no stutter ... umm , and the worst thing about the game , there 's no defensei was playing it at a friends place and even a person who 's never played a basketball game could possibly score on every posession ... theres no DEFENSE played by the computer and it is very hard to play defense as a userholla
 This game was a nice attepmt , but fails to satisfy . It 's nearly impossible to rebound the ball and anything that 's not a dunk does n't go in . Even All-Stars like Chris Webber and Kobe Bryant miss just about everything unless they 're right under the basket . Also , try stealing the ball without fouling someone . You have no choice but to let the other team take it to the basket and hope they miss .
 This game had a lot of potential . Sadly it did n't deliver . It 's pretty much a cross between Mario Kart 64 and Twisted Metal . With a `` cartoony '' kinda feel . I thought the arenas were way too small , and the game in general just was n't `` fun '' . Mario Kart is a great game . . even if a little too `` nice '' . Twisted Metal fixed that . . Both held my attention & interest . This game does not . I played it for about 5 minutes -LRB- over 2 sessions -RRB- , and promptly returned it.Do yourself a favor and rent before you buy . .
 rented this and it is no good period . just throwing money away if you buy it .
 way to go microsoft !! make yet another game that no one will buy . All these no name games are worthless . they just think of something slap it on a disc and sell it . Xbox needs better titles , and more interesting games . the only one that impresses me is wwf raw is war . i still only give that a 3 out of 5 rating . do n't buy an xbox . Save your well earned money for something better .
 For the first couple days , this seemed like the best game in the world . Once the initial thrill is gone , however , it just gets terribly monotonous . There are several game-play modes , but `` battle '' is the only one you 'll ever play . -LRB- Yes it is , do n't argue ! -RRB- Seriously , straight racing you can do on ANY car game , this one 's selling point is the characters ' interaction with eachother . You 'll be cracking up when you hear the one-liners being passed around ... untill you notice they 're the same 2 over and over , and then that little green `` MUTE '' word your TV puts in the corner gets irritating.One thing I will defend on this game is the cartoon-cel graphics . People complain that the XBOX version could 've been more realistic . It 's SUPPOSED to be a cartoon , people !
 I bought the game and recieved it in a timely manner.It came with the origaonal case and was in good shape . Unfortonately it is not backwards compatible with the xbox360 . Since i do n't have the origonal xbox anymore i ca n't play the game . It was a big dissapointment .
 I really did NOT like this game . The vehicles were very hard to control and I would frequently get beeyotch-slapped from out of nowhere . The graphics are cool , but this game got old - FAST . Already sold my copy .
 The graphics are great but the gameplay is terrible . Its just not fun . Unlocking different levels is mildly amusing , but once you are done with that there is little else . The multiplayer is much the same . If you want great multiplayer get halo .
 The Sharkport wo n't work with any PS2 models made after March 2003 ; the last model # it will work with is 390001 or something like that.To top it off , InterAct , the company that originally made it , went out of business and MadCatz took over but apparently do n't support it . You ca n't find anything for it on their website.Get an AR Max instead .
 Supporting myself , I do n't have a lot of money to spend on PS2 memory cards . Even so , I like gaming and rent games from time to time , and buy ones that I like . I bought the SharkPort so that I would be able to backup saved games on my computer , and it performs this task ... but that 's about it.The team that wrote the software put most of its effort into making the interface ` cute ' and put minimal effort into exploiting the capabilities of the SharkPort . For example , the SharkPort will overwrite all saved game icons with the sharkport logo . Though this is an aesthetic change , it makes managing saved game files more tedious and depreciates the authenticity of the saved game file . It also does not recognize the Dex Drive format -LRB- which I was hoping it would since my Dex Drive recently gave out and new ones are becoming harder to come by -RRB- . The website for the SharkPort is also lacking , dominated primarily by those who are proud to be cheating at games -LRB- which kinda defeats the purpose of gaming , imho -RRB- . Anyway , if you 're just looking for a way to backup your saved game files on your computer or share 'em with a friend , then the sharkport is an adequate solution . Just do n't expect anything more out of it and be ready to put up with the `` you must be a cheater if you use our product '' mentality .
 Ok , I got my version , no technical problems so far everythings working perfect . I hate this product , do n't buy it . Reasons :1 . When you load saves to your pc , it replaces the original icon an ugly sharkport icon . . This is really , really stupid . If you like going into the browser and looking at the neat icons , do n't get this device ! 2 . If you plan on getting this device to save you time entering gameshark codes , do n't GET IT ! all code saves on the gameshark website are over 7-8 months old . Do n't believe me go check the gameshark website . This is plain rediculous if your using a remotely new game . Also manually entering codes into the program with this device is very slow and confusing . You ca n't just cut and paste , you have to enter codes in 8 characters at a time!DONT BUY THIS , I strongly recommending buying an extra memory card or two instead , for the price of this POS .
 First of all , the included PC software CD does n't work for Windows XP , so you must download an update from their website . Second , the PS2 software CD does n't work for newer model PS2 's -LRB- I have 3001 R and it wo n't even load up -RRB- . You have to contact them to order an update . So out of the box , all of the software is worthless.Apparently , you can only have one save database , it must be named PCDatabase.spc , and must be located in the program folder . Additional saves must be in separate files . Interact acknowledges that the Sharkport does not work for all games , such as GTA3.I bet I 'd have more problems to tell about if I actually got this damn thing to work .
 I purchased my PS2 a few months back and was looking for a way to use downloaded saves for my favorite games . Having searched the web , I discovered that the Sharkport and X-Port were the top two accessory platforms for this purpose.I was psyched when the factory sealed InterAct Accessories , Inc. . Sharkport 2 unit arrived at my doorstep . I had already spent the time to download the game saves I wanted and so I followed the manufacturer 's installation instructions , plugged in what I had to plug in -LRB- in the order specified -RRB- , installed the necessary software in the required sequence , etc. . IT DID N'T WORK . My PS2 would not recognize the PS2 Disc supplied as valid and kept prompting me to `` please isert a valid Playstation or PS2 Disc '' . Then there 's the question of the USB interface -- it flat out does n't work , irregardless of what version/update of the PC software you are using -LRB- I downloaded the latest version I could find off the web after reading another reviewer 's write-up and trying the supplied disc to no avail -RRB- . When you try to read/write to a PS2 memory card an `` error communicating with USB interface '' or other such foolishness appears on the PC app screen.I gave this product a 1 star rating for the concept alone . It 's definitely a splendid idea and should make a truly killer product , if it only worked.By the way , the manufacturer of this device , InterAct Accessories , Inc. , went out of business and the `` support '' contact links are dead ends . Mad Katz is purported to have bought the rights to the Sharkport and they are also showing NO interest in supporting this accessory . So much for ` aftercare ' or whatever the corporates are calling customer support nowadays !
 I bought this Item , and you can no longer get support for it . MadCatz bought out interact and no longer supports any of the interact products . So therefore now I have a sharkport that is totally useless to me .
 Ca n't get it to find any online gameshark codes even when they are listed in gameshark data bank , so can not load codes intogameport data bank.Isn ' t this why I bought it ??????? I also get a USB connect error , altho all my other connections work fine.I would say it is money wasted on JUNK
 If you go for a used Sharkport , make sure it is 2.0 or higher . If it 's used and does not say , then its version 1.x . They are likely selling it because only 2.0 works on PS2s from 2001 or later . I looked at 90 % of all serch results for sharkport on the web today , July 4 ... has some anecdotal good info only . About 1/5 of the posts are significant hardware/software problems . No database anywhere yet of which SP software versions work with which computers or which PS2s . No basicly good FAQ anywhere yet . Existing one covers about 1/4 to 1/3 of problems posted . Will try to write one .
 If you do not yet have a USB port , expect to spend about ten hours on all the details involved to get it working . USB ports are added by buying a card , minimum of $ -LSB- money -RSB- . Device is well thought out . Support rates zero . SharkPort 's main problem is it has no self-check to verify PC and PS2 are communicating . Printers have PC communication self-checks . Figuring out how to test the PC PS2 connection is a game in itself , all having to do with lack of information and user-friendliness , not the concept . I ca n't recommend SharkPort to a non-techie without a self-check . Based on other Amazon reviews , an average installation rarely seems to work the first time booting up . I had or have all those problems and more to go.The guy at GameShark support email is friendly and courteous . Give him five days to respond to you . If I ever do get this working , I 'll send in an upgrade to their FAQ . The instruction maual is an ad , no instructions . The help on the PC interface has more info . But no troubleshooting at all in the help if it does not boot up perfectly the first time .
 < rant > I ca n't review this item fairly because I have yet to make it work.It seems that Sony released a different `` version '' of the PS2 in recent months , and while I was aware of that , it never occurred to me that Interact would n't ship both versions of their PS2 CD in the box . Unfortunately , they do n't . You get one CD , and it 's anyone 's guess whether or not it will work . If the Sharkport PS2 CD you get loads right out of the box for you , consider yourself lucky . Otherwise , you 'll wait for up to 2 weeks to get the compatible one from Interact.They _ could _ ship both versions in the initial package , but they do n't . They _ could _ allow you to order the other version online , but they do n't . Like I said ... this could be a fine product . It might work like a dream . Just do n't count on being able to use it as soon as you get it . Otherwise , you 'll wind up bitter and depressed ... like me . < / rant >
 A tremendous disappointment , and an obvious first attempt at moving the game to the XBox , NHL 2002 is best left in the oven , perhaps the 2003 version will come out thoroughly cooked . The game looks less realistic than the 1998 and 1999 versions on the old Playstation 1 , and the announcers , formerly witty , are overbearing and just plain snarky in this version . EA made tremendous improvements to the Madden series on their 2nd try for XBox , here 's hoping they do the same here .
 Before I start , I would like to state that I am a die-hard EA fan ... especially for their sports games . & in addition I think that the NHL series is the best sports series ever . The games for genesis were ground-breaking & the computer games perfected the realistic feel . That said , this is the WORST NHL hockey game i have ever played & i 've played every single one -LRB- so i 'm a video game nut -RRB- . The game is virtually ruined by the slow gamepace . the players skate very slowly , especially when they have the puck . if you have a breakaway , you can bet that someone will hack you down -LRB- or just kind of skate around you -RRB- before you get close to the goalie . So considering that the defense skates twice as fast as the offense you would think that you may get some nice checks & physical gameplay ... wrong ! the checking is mild & unrealistic . It does n't even account for momentum . This means that a standing check is just as devastating as a check where you have a running head start . Even the original NHL back in '92 accounted for this . As a final gripe , the players are n't accurately rated , something EA is usually good at .
 The sharkboard definitely performs as advertised , but just as an experiment , I plugged in two different USB keyboards . First , I tried a generic USB keyboard I use with my laptop . That worked just as well . Then , for the ultimate , I tried my Logitech Cordless keyboard . That worked great , and no cord ! By the way , the cordless mouse did n't seem to work , but I did n't pursue it further.The Sharkboard is nice if all you want is a little help adding Gameshark codes , but for more flexibility , try other USB keyboard products .
 I could not get this product to work with the Final Fantasy software which was the reason why I bought it . I recomend any other kind of USB keyboard
 I dont recommend this product to anyone . Most of the keys dont even work . I exchangedthis item at least 3 times with the same results as the previous one . Stay away from the Sharkboard
 This game is amusing , stupid , and wierd . It is a copy of crazy taxi with a lot of stupid extras -LRB- that make the game even worste . -RRB- Do yourself a favor , and do not buy this game .
 I initially held off getting Simpson 's Road Rage after some mediocre reviews . Well , after this self-imposed waiting period , I finally broke down and bought it . Man am I sorry I did ! The graphics do n't take advantage of the Xbox 's capabilities . The controls are buggy . Most annoyingly , as much as I like the Simpsons , the phrases are too repetative and the gameplay is just plain boring ! Save your money . Rent it if you have to , but do not buy it . Shame on you Electronic Arts for spoiling Springfield ! Jebediah Springield would turn over in his grave if he saw this .
 It was my mistake I guess , but this game is for the first Xbox , so it is kind of too old . I wish they would have the same one for the new Xbox .
 This game stinks . The graphics of the people are okay , but the rest of the world stinks . The point is to hear people say stupid things pointlessly . Then you drive them to places and they pay hundreds of dollars . The cars do n't even flip over . It 's extremely repetitive . Hey have n't driven you somewhere 10 times already ? That 's what you 'll be asking yourself . You have to do the same thing over and over again and get money . Then once you have the money you pointlessly buy people or areas . The worlds are terrible , but just like the T.V. show . Do n't waste your money and get excited when you buy it , just do n't even bother . Do n't just try my review though , look at all the others on this site .
 This takes a while so be patient.Pros
 The Simpsons
 I rented this one and I 'm glad I did . You might enjoy a rental , as well . If you absolutely love The Simpsons -LRB- like me -RRB- and think there 's no way you would n't enjoy anything Simpsons related -LRB- come on , you 've got the first season on DVD , do n't you ? -RRB- , you will still be disappointed . If you are n't convinced , I still say rent it , just so you are sure.It is not as horrible as Simpsons Wrestling . This game is at least playable . Still , it never feels like you are driving a car , however , or any of the other vehicles you supposedly drive . It 's more like you are just pivoting an arrow on its axis and pushing a button to move forward and backward . No I 'm not expecting a sim experience like Project Gotham , but at least a driving experience , like Crazy Taxi.After you unlock a few levels , you 'll get bored . It becomes even more repetitive than Crazy Taxi ever did . The most ardent Simpsons fanatic might insist on unlocking the relatively large cast of characters , and who does n't want to drive Homer as Mr. Plow?But the fun wears off . In a short time , you 'll have heard all the banter of every character and gotten over the fun of driving around a very sparsely detailed Springfield . Not that all the Springfield landmakrs are n't there , they just look terrible . Once you 've played Halo , you expect a little more than buildings that are nearly flat shaded boxes . I hear this looks better on Xbox than PS2 , but that 's not saying much.I think the development team also made a major mistake trying to make the Simpsons a 3D world . It looks funny . Your Simpsons heroes do n't look right . If you have the First Season DVD you 've heard -LRB- in the commentary -RRB- that the show producers realized early that the 2D side perspective of faces were so much more expressive than the other views they tried in that first season . A similar view holds for this game . The Simpsons Road Rage would have looked beautiful if done in the style of Cel Damage . Cel Damage 's engine does 3D but it looks flat , like you are watching a cartoon . It is absolutely stunning in that perspective -LRB- gameplay problems in that title aside -RRB- . The Simpsons Road Rage would have benefitted greatly just by using a similar engine and graphical feel.When you finish a level you 'll be irritated that they could n't have the real Krusty voice give you your rating . Instead , you get a horrible imitation . You 'll also wonder why you have to view a loading screen -LRB- on the Xbox no less ! -RRB- to go from the game to your summary screen . Crazy Taxi on the Dreamcast did n't even do this!You 'll also realize that the key to unlocking items has nothing to do with your ability to play the game . You just play long enough and you 'll eventually unlock it all . But it wo n't matter if you get better at the game.This is a game unworthy of the Xbox . However , the Simpsons tie-in is not too bad . I would suggest renting it for a week and getting your fill of Simpsons laughs . Hence the two stars .
 Graphics are well done , although you 'll never get the level of character detail found on the actual Simpson 's cartoon ... Gameplay is very straightforward although I was able to get the car `` stuck '' easily by going off some jumps and flipping over.However , the game lacks the depth that games SHOULD possess for the XBOX platform ... there are only 5 town areas and they are very quickly covered . Replay value is very low . Characters are well done -LRB- although they all have the same animation patterns -RRB- . The voiceovers are the best part of the game in terms of entertainment value for Simpsons fans -LRB- `` Thank you , come again '' - Apu -RRB- ...
 I really wanted to enjoy `` The Simpson 's
 Same old , same old . If you played Crazy Taxi , then you played Simpsons Road Rage . The olny good thing about it is the voices .
 this game stinks the gamecube one is so much better
 I was so excited once I got The Simpsons
 I have been a simpsons fanatic for the past 5 years and am humiliated by this ... video game . for 1 thing the Simpsons is a great show so it shouldnt have a scummy video game like this one . they must have been on a low budget making the game . Here are 5 good reasons why this game shouldnt have been invented 1 . The graphics are bland , their entrances to the car are absurd . -LRB- Hans Moleman doing a flip into a car ?! -RRB- 2 . The mission mode is unbelieveably sinchy . 3 . They dont even have all of the characters . -LRB- No Patty + Selma , no Julius Hibbert , No Lenny + Carl to name a few -RRB- 4 . The lines get dull + repetitive in 10 minutes and most of the lines are from old simpsons episodes . 5 . This is just -LSB- an -RSB- ... imitation of some game i forget the name of ... . oh yeah , CRAZY TAXI !!!!!! I rest my case .
 Ever since Tenchu came out on the px1 I have been totally hooked on the quest based beat them up . Games like Tekken are great but I just found myself wanting more . With Tenchu I found it . A series of connected missions playing a kick NInja or Ninjaette with next costumes and other goodies to unlock.Then came Tenchu 2 and Onimusha which I just think is amazing . They had me hooked for hours.So when I saw Godai I was totally excited . Until Tenchu 3 arrives I thought here was a game that I could sink my stars into . Slice and dice Teri-yaki style.But after an initial opening movie that was kind of interesting and some great inspiraing music I found the game had little to offer . Not surprising when you see who made it 3DO . The game play is lacking , the graphics are not up to ps2 standard , the combat gets repetative and very little new happens . Which is such a shame as these games are the very sort that get me hooked . I tried hard to like it . But it just is not of the quality it should be . I really do n't know what 3DO 's problem is but they are really falling behind on quality in their games.Rent this game first before buying .
