 Bought this to play an old cartridge I found from when I was younger . It does n't have the back light , high tech graphics or anything in the DS but it a good -LRB- and cheap ! -RRB- system if you just want to play some games you have lying around .
 I wish I could give a four-and-a-half star rating to this because the only problem I have is in figuring out how the replay mode works . I have only seen replays at the end of races and the graphics quality is not nearly as good as the in car view . The owners manual does n't help much in this area . Everything else in this sim , except the A1 drivers , is superb . There are enough car tuning parameters to make even a GPL fan happy . The tracks look exactly like they do in the real life on-board camera shots -LRB- except for the sun-glare -RRB- . The lack of adverse weather did n't hurt GPL , and it does n't really hurt F1 2000 . It does require a lot of hardware to run this sim . I 've got 160m RAM and a Voodoo3 card and it works just fine . I 've got Eidos ' `` Official '' F1 sim and this annihilates it in every area , especially in graphics lighting and car tuning .
 I was very much looking forward to this game , owning other EA games such as Madden 2000 and NHL 2000 . I am fairly new to F1 , having watched for only the past 4 years . I love the sport . I own Grand Prix 2 by Geoff Crammond and suspect GP3 will be just as good . It seems though , that F1 2000 reviewers are , to say the least , passionate about their feelings.I admit , I was very frustrated with this game at first . I could n't get anything to work right . I was determined , however , to make it work . I focused on downloading updated video drivers and not playing with the display settings . Those display settings can be frustrated because the `` inadequate '' game manual does n't do a good job explaning these settings . The results of my tinkering paid off.I am only running a 400mhz Pentium II with 128MB RAM . I did however upgrade to a 32MB video card some months ago to get my Harley Davidson game to run correctly . I feel that F1 2000 is a solid start for EA in Formula One . The graphics are crisp and not choppy on my system . The track detail is fantastic and my car screams around the circuit . I am no game junky . I just like to get on and race . Admittedly I use a lot of the driving aids , but I have fun racing as Michael Schumacher 's teammate.My biggest disappointment is the lack of weather . F1 and rain go together like peanut butter and jelly ! I have no doubt that EA will correct this . Having lived through many progressions of Madden Football , I am confident this game will only get better . EA 's commitment to upgrading their games each year is great . I am also thrilled with the new tracks and drivers on their correct teams . I know I will be disappointed with GP3 's game because it is based on a season already two years old . In the end you ca n't have everything . Ca n't we all just get along ? After all , our passion is Formula One !
 I guess I 'm not a hard core SIM nerd like most of these other reviewers , but I think this game is pretty fun . The track realism looks pretty damn good to me . I have a P3 700 , with a pretty basic 3d card and only 64 RAM and this game runs fine . Look , I doubt this game was written for experts , and its probably targeted for the mainstream audience and general F1 fans like me . So if you 're looking for the absolute best SIM , spend more ... and get something else , otherwise this game is cheap and fun .
 I read some of the reviews out there for this game . Some hit the mark and others miss . For starters the complaints about the system requirements are accurate . I have a P3 650 ,64 megs RAM and a Voodoo card and the game seems to think this is a med-low system . As for the review that said it would n't run in glide , that 's no suprise as it 's Direct 3d only ! Another said you ca n't blow the engines . Unfortunately I can atest to that being wrong too . Not only can you but I have ! The game has it 's frustrating points but it 's fun and fairly realistic . It 's hard to gauge the realism as I 've never been in a real F1 car.But if you have good hardware to run it and like F1 anyway I would recommend this game to you .
 Everyone loves to beat on this game , but do n't believe the hype . It is the most realistic F1 driving title currently on the market . The sound , graphics , and most importantly the behavior of the car is incredible . The only problem with F1 2000 is the AI of your opponents . It 's a bit suspect , but a patch is already out to help . You will also need a 450mhz machine with a good 3d card . If you like F1 and racing sims you will love it . Oh yeah - you better have a wheel to .
 Simple , F1 2000 , by electronic arts , Official formula one racing , by Eidos , -LCB- langkor -RCB- , and granprix 3 by micropose , are all excellent games . These are the best 3 out of all the rest of the F1 sims . TRUST ME
 Everyone likes to beat up this game . It is a very entertaining and realistic F1 simulation . It 's not an arcade game like need for speed . You will need at least 450mhz , a good 3d accelerator and a steering wheel and it runs great . The only problem with the game is the AI . Racing other cars can be tough - but if you make it through the start -LRB- not often -RRB- and avoid braking early it is pretty real . Just running hotlaps by yourself is easily worth the price of this game . The tracks were done great ! Do n't believe the nay sayers . If you like F1 and race simulations , you will like F1 2000 .
 I bought this game , belive me , it 's great , the graphics are wonderfull , i had some trouble at first whith the video but after contacting ea.com/support all my problems were gone , i 'm running the game on a Dell P.III 700mhz 360 Ram whith a nvidia tnt2 video card , i woul 'd really recomend this game for all you racing fans , it 's as real as it gets .
 A must buy if you are an F1 fan ... best F1 sim I have ever played . This game gives you the ultimate in flexibility with regards to fine tuning your car . Max out the realism ... and you will get your adrenaline pumping ... but you better have at the very least a PIII 600 w/128 MB RAM if you want to race with other cars ! This game is a massive resource hog ... I give the opponent AI about an 8 out of 10 ... You got ta have a steering wheel ... digital steering will get you nowhere ... you will be doing so many donuts , krispy kremes will be jealous ...
 This is a great game for any nascar fan . It is a very realistic game . U can pick from a whole crowd of champion nascar racers . All their AI 's handle differently and before a race you can enter the garage and customise the AI of your choice . U can moderate everything from fuel tank capacity to tire presure and even the lean on any side of the car-even front and back . There are many races , cars and drivers , and tracks to choose from . The only drawback is that in order for the computer to run this game it has to be pretty fast . Make sure that before you buy the game check the system requirements and see that your computer is not too slow . All in all , this is a great game for all nascar fans who have a fast computer !!!
 It is important that you watch your speed when going in to the corners because they are very rough on the cars . Make sure you listen to the spotter
 `` Tiger Woods PGA TOUR 2000 '' is a worthy successor to last year 's `` Tiger Woods PGA Tour 1999 , '' although I found it does n't quite live up to its predecessor in a key area . The game itself has n't changed a lot . The menu interface has a completely different design . It 's still easy to set up and get started , and loads of fun to play . Graphics are still superb , and ball physics appear slightly improved . Three new courses -LRB- TPC at Piper Glen , TPC at Heron Bay , and TPC at Prestancia -RRB- are now offered , along with 8 new professional golfers and one surprise amateur . The big change is the addition of a course building utility which you can use to design and build your own dream course . I 've only tried the course builder a couple of times , and at first glance , it appears fairly easy to use.The problem with `` Tiger Woods PGA TOUR 2000 '' is that , as happens frequently with newer versions of software , system requirements have gone up significantly from last year 's version . -LRB- Minimum requirements
 Although Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2000 may have more courses , more golfers , and Course Architect 2000 to build your own customized course -LRB- s -RRB- , there are still a few flaws in the game that do n't make the simulation as good as it really should be , or are n't better than Tiger Woods PGA Tour 99 . Ball direction for one thing , can become VERY annoying at times . Sometimes , even if the backspin level is a slight off to the left or two the right , causes a draw or fade . Downloading and after installing the Patch including a Swing Meter fix from EA Sports ' website only lowered the chances a slight amount , but still does n't draw or fade as much as it would before I downloaded the patch , but still did n't solve the problem completely . A few of the courses included are a pleasure to play . TPC at Heron Bay I highly recommend playing . The graphics have improved and the 3D graphics are slightly better compared to 99 . Course Architect 2000 is a very nice program to design and create your very own dream course -LRB- s -RRB- . Unfortunately , the program is not that user-friendly and could be improved . And as for system requirements , Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2000 can take up a lot of hard disk space . If installing both Course Architect 2000 and the main program , it takes up more than 800 MB , and with courses that are saved can take up another 210 MB at the maximum . If you have enough hard disk space and RAM available , Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2000 is still a very interesting simulation in the series and is still worth buying .
 I personally enjoy this game very much and i think that it 's not the best game out there but , i do n't play enough games to ever find out what the real best game actually is . The graphics in this game are the best i 've seen when it comes to golf simulation games , the realism , of every shot , the realistic nature of the distances that the clubs are capable of hitting is very good , all be it there are a few minor -LRB- emphasize minor -RRB- glitches in the i still think that it is an excellent game it was worth every penny . I especially like the added bonus of Micheal Jordan in the game it gives a certain virtual reality to it .
 This game is one of my all time favorites because of the graphics and the awesome game play . The small problem with this game is that your computer needs ALOT of memory and speed . I have a 733mhz Pentium 3 processer with at least 1.7 Gigs of memory and it is still slow . Otherwize it is the best NFS game ever !
 NFS Porsche blows away NFS 4 in graphics and gameplay . I never touch NFS 4 anymore , as NFS Porsche is in a league by itself . The backgrounds are incredible in its detail and realism .
 It 's a shame that this NFS is one of the better NFS games . That is a good thing though . Need for Speed has been know for very unrealistic physics except for Shift . This has absolutely wonderful physics . Turning , shifting , braking , drifting , e-brake , acceleration , terrain , jumps , collisions . You can actually `` feel '' your car . After a few turns , you can feel the weight , center of gravity , power and grip of each car . Each car is unique in their handling as you would expect . We 're not talking Forza 3/GT5/Toca physics , but they are pretty dang good . Miles better than the other NFS titles . The scenery in the game is top notch . Numerous German , italian , Swiss and spanishesque tracks appear after you unlock them . Each location inspired by famous and gorgeous landmarks and features . These tracks seem so unique compared to all the other tracks in the other NFS games . The graphics are pretty good too.This game eases you into the world of Porsche racing . You start out in the fifties racing 356 models . At first , you 'll find this very slow and boring . Give it about an hour of racing to become familiar with the physics and you 'll be out of the 50 's before you know it . You complete races to advance in time . As you advance in time , newer and faster cars become available for purchase . You 'll buy , tune , paint and repair your cars as you need to or desire to as you earn money in races.If you buy this game , be sure to get the CD key that comes with the game otherwise you 'll have to try using cd keys online . -LRB- try searching for `` 14077 nfs '' to find cd key results -RRB- or -LRB- `` 14077 oemx nfs -RRB-
 Dam.My son loves it and though it needed a patch for the Xp adaption , it still entertains us after all this time .
 This is a GREAT single or multi player racing game , with excellent graphics and gameplay action . I remember spending hours upon hours playing this years ago on my older PC before ` Vista ' and ` Win 7 ' came out . It even played well just using your keyboard . Why ` Electronic Arts ' has not released this one , with even better graphics , for current ` Vista ' or ` Win 7 ' PC 's , is beyond me ! It would be nice if they release a ` German Cars Unleashed ' version that has Porsches , Audis , VW 's , and BMW 's , both vintage and current models , including a few ` supercars ' ! I know I am dreaming ...
 It took a while for the game to arrive . This game is a very fun game . This cars in this game can crash and break unlike in many other racing games . I also like the racing tracks with the nice scenery . But overall this game is very good .
 At first I was a bit iffy about purchasing it . I said to myself , `` It 's all Porsche . '' I was not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing , as I have been used to more than one breed of car . But , these horses are built for speed , and that 's a good thing . A very enjoyable game .
 Need For Speed
 OK , I had to install ME on my PC to play this game . That ... ... But the game is worth it . Realism is amazing , much better than in NFS III . I am considering buying High Stakes just so I have the other cars.T
 I 've been playing the NFS titles since number 2 and we are now on the 5th . Its hard to play a game in a series without judging it against previous ones . When I first played NFS5 it had a very different feel to the previous ones . The graphics engines on 3 and 4 were almost identical . 4 had lots additions to 3 , it was the introduction of the career mode , damage but it did sometimes feel like an add on pack as it had the same ` feel ' - similar cars , same gameplay/graphics . Still , after much debate I have found I enjoyed the 4th installment the most because of the introduction of the new career mode.So what additions were there to # 5 . Does it feel like another add on pack ? It plays like a different game entirely . Gone are the cops -LRB- sob ! -RRB- and the range of cars and bring on the Porsches ! There are TONS of them and everyone is different . It was a bit boring at first with the old cars -LRB- as they drive like a wheelbarrow ! -RRB- but once you get going this is a hughly addictive game.My favourite part is still career mode where you start of in the 60s with old cars and build your way up to modern day . Winning tournements means you get money to buy new cars and so on.The graphic engine has been totally revamped . Cars movement is more realistic as is collisions . One bad hit will do your car a lot of damage unlike before . Steering will suffer -LRB- similar to Rally Championship -RRB- and you wont just get big knocks bumping up your damage the same as small knocks . The graphics are also the best of their kind . You need a good spec machine -LRB- nothing less than a PII400 -RRB- and although there always seems to be a lack of tracks in NFS games they are a joy to ride . They have multiple routes for the first time and the cars AI has been improved . I didn ; t find myself ALWAYS winning and you have the option to buy parts for you car which will substancially make it quicker . There are the usual modes of play aswell as a Factory Driver mode where you have to complete tasks like drive in and out of cones in a certain time etc. . I did n't find myself playing this too much.I miss the other cars , cops and wish there were more tracks -LRB- loses a star for this -RRB- but this does n't detract from an excellant racing game . I still played NFS4 more when I first got it but this game is the bees knees . Much different to the other titles and holds the crown of the best racing graphics to date . You wont be dissopointed unless you want to be a cop ! Go for a ride !
 I 'm not a big computer gamer except where driving simulations are concerned . I have purchased every one of the Need For Speed series and while they are all very good , Porsche Unleashed takes the prize as my favorite to date.The new physics model is evident the minute you start playing this game . The cars demonstrate characteristics of many of the orignal cars . For instance , one will get the idea why the early 911 series cars were sometimes referred to as `` the widow makers '' -LRB- Hint
 Definitely one of the best racing games available , especially for the PC . The physics model is far better than the past ones , and the two main game modes , Evolution and Factory Driver , are challenging and fun . Since I got it , I have n't been able to stop playing . I sit down intending to only run a race or two , and I end up playing for hours . Aside from a few complaints about realism -LRB- the cops seem intent on causing as many accidents as possible , whether with evil speeders or innocent passerby -LRB- of course , it is an arcade game after all -LRB- I love nested comments , do n't you ? -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- there is nothing wrong with the game . I miss the hot pursuit from earlier versions -LRB- namely NFS3 -RRB- , but the two main game types more than make up for it . If your computer has the horsepower to run it , you wo n't find a more graphically appealing or fun-to-drive game anywhere .
 Ever wished to drive a porsche down the street racing past other cars at over 100 + mph ?? This is the game ! Fast pace , almost realistic physics , and real porsches at your disposal !! Featuring Evolution -LRB- starting with older models and work your way up -RRB- , Porsche test drive team , multiplayer , single quick race and Knockout race . Beautiful scenery , great sounds and music soundtrack for the ears ... GFX
 The stories of NFS Hot Pursuit II coming out , The NFS Underground , all can not beat the magnificence of this sheer driving pleasure game.There are no Yellow Ferraris , No Black Diablos , No White F1s , No Green Astons , No Blue Lotus ' No petty Mercs and BMs ... Only Porsche . This game , from its absolutely stunning high-end graphics in the game menus , not to mention the actual game , is simply a bliss to be in . From the 1950 Coupe Ferdinand , named after Dr Ferdinand Porsche , the Creator of Porsche , to the GT1s , GT2 Cup , GT3 , 959s -LRB- Only 200 in the world -RRB- , 928 GTS , The 550 A Spyder -LRB- James Dean became immortal after he died in this car -RRB- , and not to mention all those Carreras , the Moby Dick , and 911s . There are 81 different Porsches and not counting the bonus cars which you download.You have 3 Different Types of Games to play , the Evolution , which is the heart of Porsche Unleashed , and the Factory Driver , whereby you undertake little missions to qualify as a Authentic Porsche Factory Driver , -LRB- There is a Rolf who first is introduced , reminicense of Dean 's personal Porsche Mechanic , Rolf Wutherich -RRB- and normal Original NFS Games featuring some of the Factory Cars to play Quick Races and Knockout Rounds.The Evolution . This is a game that is to have you on your Racing Wheels for a very longtime . Starting from 1950 , moving from the Classic Era , to Golden , to the Final Modern Era , you have to win the Tournaments to make your way up in the Timeline , you will earn money , sell cars , collect cars , paint them , tune their gears , adjust tire pressure , shock level , shock travel , the toe-ins , brake balances , and most importantly , the Downforce . You get to choose your own Rim style for your Porsche , buy Slicks , or Rain tires , open up the boot , the door , look inside the car , take it for a Testdrive in the infamous Autobahn , go to Corsica , the Cote D'Azur , Pyrenees , the Alps , Normandie , and so on . After you finish each tournament , you get to play the Club races , which offer a wide range of every kind of prize money , and every kind of difficulty.The most important aspect of the Porsche Game is that the Porsches get very hard to control as you advance . Some cars , like the 944s will be easier than the Carrera 2.7 RS Models , or the 911 Turbos . You will have to take in consideration every little information you can find . You will have to practice to be able to qualify for the next round . After a while you would be familiar with words like ` loose ' ` tail happy ' ` toe-ins ' ` add more rear down pressure ' ` buy the low-speed gear box ' ` add the whaletail ' etc. . . After this game , literally , you 'll know more about Porsche the cars and their History a lot more than anyone else . Although not every single car that was made production is available , such as the 912s , featuring 81 cars in a game is not bad do n't you think?I was n't much of a Porsche lover , but after this game , every time I see a Porsche , I can tell exactly what model that car is or what year it was made . For example , the difference between the Carrera 2 and the Carrera 4 . Its obvious to a lot of people that the Carrera 2 came before the Carrera 4 , but intruth , Carrera 4 is an All-Wheel Drive and Carrera 2 only drives on the front 2 wheels ... its these little information that will make you interested in Porsche a lot more . Driving the infamous `` Little Bastard '' driven by James Dean , will give a much different perspective of Porsche and James Dean both ... and driving the GT1 or the Moby Dick 935 , will let you be able to feel the power of the speed which goes over 280kms an hour.If you have 2 Million pictures of the Ferrari , met the Ferrari President , dream of owning the Enzo , know all about Ferrari and their 356GTs , Maranellos , F50s , love your Lambos , seen the Murcielagos , know what the VT stands for in the Diablos , Know the first name of Lamborghini , what happenend to the company , IT DOES N'T MATTER . Even if you hate Porsche so much you 'd like to scratch a reallife car when you see one , this game ... this game has to be played.With Force Feedback ofcourse .
 I 'm rediscovering this beauty again as I just purchased a racing wheel . Well over a year old , this is still the most fun to play of all the racing sims . At the time it came out , it strained older computer systems . Now anyone with a recent computer should be able to play it -LRB- people with high-performance systems may want to reload this gem again and play it with all the settings maxed out - very nice ! -RRB- As many of the other reviewers have attested , the physics of the cars are so completely different that it 's the first time I can say I feel like I really am driving different cars . All the other games claim this , but they all felt the same to me . It really is a challenge to master the handling , braking , and performance issues , especially in `` Evolution '' mode where you have to start with the older , slower , poorly handling porsches and work your way up to the later models by winning race after race.The details have been juiced up so the damage reflects on your vehicles , right down to headlights getting knocked out . The headlights `` twinkle '' during night driving and the sun gets in your eyes during the day . You can customize the trim , colors , racing stripes , add a racing number , and even specify whether you want the top up or down on the convertibles . Damage is still unrealistic -LRB- for obvious reasons - one plow into a retaining wall at 150mph and game over ! -RRB- Yes , Need For Speed fans , you can flip your porsches -LRB- we were n't able to in earlier versions . -RRB- The replay camera angles are great and you can see yourself driving the cars . The sound of the engines in each of the cars are distinctive and unique too.The tracks are great - what I 've seen at least . They claim there 's a total of 14 tracks , I do n't think I 've seen half of them yet . Not sure how to unlock them or the certain cars they block us from playing . Personally I do n't want to have to race all the other cars just to unlock one particular model - they get one of the stars knocked off for this annoyance . The computer AI is a little easier now in beginner mode . It has to be cheating in the more advanced modes.I 'm not sure of this -LRB- yet -RRB- but according to the EARacing website , multiplayer is going out the door and we may not have a multiplayer option unless we pay to join the fee-based Motor City Online servers , grrrr . Racing 's fun , but not for $ 10 a month in my opinion . If this happens , this will be a real disappointment . EA advertises additional downloads off the Internet . Turns out it 's just 4 additional cars . While that 's nice -LRB- especially the 959 ! -RRB- , it certainly is n't an elaborate expansion of the game that you might infer . It would 've been nice if they included some additional tracks too.Even if we 're stuck with single-player mode it 's still a real treat to play . I hope EA considers making a `` Ferrari Unleashed '' or `` Lamborghini Unleashed '' in the near future . If you 're looking for a gift for a racing nut or leadfoot friend - this wo n't disappoint . Hope my review helped !
 Porsche Unleashed is still a great experience long after it 's release . The graphics are superior , the car models are excellent , the racing modes are fun and reasonably varied , and the tracks are well designed.The only downside to the game may be that there 's only a handful of tracks included , but the ones that are there are large and fun to race around in.The game covers the Porsche legacy from the beginning and has you `` level-up '' as you win races , going from the classic Boxster to today 's monster racing machines.Factory driver mode is challenging and different , and the online feature works well.If you like European racing tracks with lots of turns , shortcuts and wide open spaces , this one is for you . Being a Porsche fan is n't a requirement , the game is still a ton of fun , highly recmmended .
 Out of all the `` Need for Speed '' games , I consider Porsche Unleashed the best -LRB- ahead of Hot Pursuit 2 and Underground -RRB- . Instead of racing different cars from different manufacturers , like other racing games , this game is entirely devoted to the Porsche lineup . There are Porsches from the old 1950s to the modern GT series race cars to drive . The trademark quirky handling of the Porsches are so evident in this game . The more modern cars are less likely to `` fish tail '' around , but the 2.7 RS is an annoying fish-tailer . But once you successfully manage to control that beast , it becomes so fun power-sliding around.Graphically , this game is stunning , from night-time driving to driving in the Alpine snow , you got everything . The graphic does n't need a very robust CPU , but try to get the best 3D graphic card you can afford -LRB- anything better than a Voodoo 2 -RRB- . I was able to run this game with a 800 Mhz CPU with Voodoo 3 and it was fine . Sound quality is also superb , and I especially like the sound of the older 911 - very raw and throaty.I would like to address some issues that others have pointed out -LRB- either here or in discussion sites -RRB- . One is that Porsche Unleashed works horribly with XP and Windows 2000 . EA-sports technical support does n't have much to say about this . If you search the web , you should be able to find some answers to fit this problem -LRB- with a patch or some figetting around -RRB- . The second problem is that Porsche Unleashed does n't seem to like some newer version of DirectX and the Nvidia Denotator Drivers . For example , my mouse would freeze -LRB- hard crash -RRB- at the start-up screen . I was using DirectX 9.0 b with the latest Nvidia drivers . To `` fix '' this , I eventually had to rollback the DirectX version to 8.0 and use an older version of Detonator -LRB- version 30.82 for win98SE -RRB- and everything seems to work okay . So hopefully this could help those who have problems . This is a great game and I think it is worth the trouble I listed to play it .
 While I have not played this game my son has played it for hours . I would definately recommend this game for anyone who loves the racing PC games .
 Good stuff ! Lots of fun ; a good blend of realism and arcade action . I shut down lots of background applications and get smooth action from a 400 mhz pc . Works on win2000 if you remove ` gimme.dll ' from the PU directory . Very challenging for me in Factory Driver mode .
 This is probably the best game I have ever played . The graphics are amazing , and the cars are very realistic . There are only two things that I can see wrong with this game first you ca n't adjust the replay camera and second your headlights only work at night . Very hard if your driving in tunnels . But this game is still the best .
 This is probably the best game I have ever played . The graphics are amazing , and the cars are very realistic . There are only two things that I can see wrong with this game first you ca n't adjust the replay and second your headlights only work at night . Very hard if your driving in tunnels . But this game is still the best .
 This game is worth buying , it is fun to play for any age , great sound , and graphics , I just love it . best racing game on the game market .
 Ever since the game was released I 'm hooked to it . Grafics are great . Each car is highly detailed . The tracks are wonderfully designed and vary a lot . You have five different circuits in Monaco and nine different tracks enabling you to race from A to B. Over 80 different cars can be raced , starting from the first 356 A Coup&eacute; Ferdinand to the recently available 911 Turbo -LRB- 996 -RRB- . The game offers you a variety of different racing modes , such as single race , knock-out races , an evolutionmodel in which you start in the 1050s and have to work yourself through to the year 2000 . Buying cars and upgrading them with a huge amount of parts is very helpfull in your quest to win every race . Then there is the factory driver mode . In this mode you have to work your way up the ladder in the Porsche Company . But you can also race online via TCP/IP , IPX and on the EA Racing servers , which is even more fun . But only when the servers are working properly .
 I loved this game , best Need For Speed ever made .
 I loved this game , best Need For Speed ever made .
 WOW ! KILLER GRAPHICS , GREAT CARS , AWSOME GAME DESIGN , FACTORY DRIVER MODE , AND 5 DOWNLOADABLE CARS MAKE THIS GAME , TO SAY THE LEAST , A `` MUST HAVE !!! '' MY ONLY REGRET ABOUT IT IS THAT THE 959 IS ONLY AVAILABLE AS A DOWNLOAD , BUT THAT 'S IT .
 I think this game is an amazing game with the most stunning graphics and its amazing cars and has fun things to do in it . thank you for reading my reavew .
 I got this game the first day it arrived . Having played all the other nfs games I had high hopes . I was not disappointed . The graphics are outstanding but what really makes this game shine is the playability.It has a very nice interface and once behind the wheel you feel like you are driving . Each car has a different feel . The tracks are laid out nicely , all different locations have a europian flavor to them . The al in this game is also very good . It is an awesome feeling to be racing neck & neck towards the finish line.If you enjoy a great driving game that puts you behind the wheel of the best cars in the world , get this game.This has to be a serious contender for game of year .
 I 'd have given this game 4.5 stars but it was n't a selection.I 've yet to give ANY game 5 !! This latest version of Need for Speed has the best graphics and is the most fun to play of anyreleased to date . The Evolution mode is great , working your way up thru multiple models and years , upgrading to your hearts content . The AI could be a little tougher , I found it fairly easy to beat the competition in even the advanced tracks . Theonly other thing I found that could be improved was that steering could n't be tweaked under control options . You could set a dead zone but could n't slow down steering rate . At 200MPH this makes for VERY interesting gameplay . A GREAT game ...
 Need for Speed
 I love Need for speed . The Porshe Unleashed version is so awsome . My favorite car so far is the 550 A . It is also very realistic -LRB- dispite the push that you get from the downloadable 959 -RRB- . Get this game if you 're a Porshe lover .
 This is a fantastic experience ! Notice I did n't say game . The difference between the various Porche models in handling , sound and power was very authentic . You can really appreciate the expertise it takes to get good lap times in the real world of racing after trying lap after lap to lower your times by changing braking points , entries into corners , exits and launch r.p.m. etc. .
 Really great sim - Highly recommended . Great with a FF wheel and also great over the internet .
 The physics engine is terrific . Cars perform very realistically and the tracks are well designed . There is a definite learning curve but it is more than worth the effort . This game can teach you more about real world car dynamics than you would think possible . Just dont lift off the throttle in the corners !
 This is one of the best computer games I ever played . You must buy this game , the graphics are fantstic , music excellent , the cars are amazing , I love this game , it is well worth the money . I think it is the best racing sumulation game ever made , it is very realistic .
 Yes , with breath-taking graphics -LRB- not to mention replay -RRB- , beautiful tracks and superior car physics , NFS 5 IS the best car game on the market . Still , a star had to be deducted , because the game is unwilling to recognize some plug and play joysticks on Win98 , fails to show certain types of damage -LRB- such as a shattered windshield -RRB- and makes winning access to new car models so hard , by the time you get to drive today 's Porsche cars , they will have become yesterday 's .
 Porsche has always been a simbol of the sports car . Founded by Ferdinand Porsche , the designer of the perhaps world 's most famous car - VW Beetle.Dr . Porsche was a great inventor and still the cars bearing his name are sign of efficiency and perfection . And this game does n't throw a single shadow on his perfect reputation.The cars are well modeled , with lot of details . The change in speed , handling and braking abilities is very realistic -LRB- you certainly wo n't beat a 911 Turbo with lovely designed 356 -RRB- . There are also a lot of missions , but Test driver is certainly most interesting.This happens to be a great game , either for racing fan , who will annihilate lap records all the time through someone , who wants to relax by driving some matches -LRB- you wo n't take just one -RRB- over to anyone who is interested in Porsche history . It will tell you a lot about those wonderful cars . That 's what I liked most - something besides an excellent driving game .
 Before you buy a game , you ask yourself a question
 I have just one thing to say
 I 've had the same problem concerning the drivers for the GeForce video cards until I found some drivers included on the NFSPU CD . These drivers solved the crashes I experienced with updated GeForce drivers . NFSPU is one of the best driving games I 've played .
 At first I was a bit iffy about purchasing it . I said to myself , `` It 's all Porsche . '' I was not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing , as I have been used to more than one breed of car . But , these horses are built for speed , and that 's a good thing . A very enjoyable game .
 Although this game does n't have any other brand of car in it , I do n't care . I like Porsches . I also liked the fact that this game allows you to drive some of the older cars because previous NFS titles and most racing games in general are fixated on the brand new , 300-something horsepower rockets that are on the market today.The tracks are generally well laid out , even devious . The designers stuck hard objects -LRB- such as trees , walls , stuatues , etc -RRB- in places that skid-outs and fishtailing cars are likely to hit.The graphics are amazing . The design team , so I have heard , worked with Porsche to get this game right.Early on , I ran into the control problems . -LRB- `` Ice racing '' is the term I 've read most often -RRB- This can be solved through several ways : Experience - race the car more often so you can predict what it will do.Upgrades - a lot of the problems with spin-out have to with with the standard parts your car comes with . Upgrading to better ones solves this problem.Downforce / Weight distrobution/brake distrobution - when set correctly , they allow your car to stick to the road like glue or go flying head long around corners , whichever you prefer.All in all , this is an excellent racing game . The physics modeling is superb , the graphics will amaze , and the competitor AI will impress .
 Porsche Unleashed is possibly the best driving simulator ever created , and maybe ever will be . If you rated this game less than five stars , sad for you , you do n't know a good game when you play one . The graphics are the best I have seen , I still have yet to play Gran Turismo 2000 for ps2 though . The handling is far more realistic than any other racer . If you ca n't handle the four - point physics handling than your a wuss , and should stick to nfs 2or3 until your ready to play with the big boys . The graphics are stunning , the play modes will cause an addiction , the selection of cars is overwhelming , and the accurate modeling of cars is so realistic you forget your playing a game.Must I say more ? If your computer can handle it , this game is a must buy title . How could you be dissapointed when your cruising in a 996 at 180 mph ? If racing games are not your thing , they will be after playing this game . Did I mention that the graphics are insane ?
 Needless to say , NFS - Porche Unleased is a very solid game.It is definitely one of the most desirable driving games for the PC , and redundantly a must-have for a Porche fan/dreamer , provided that the minimum PC requirements are exceeded by 200 % plus . Anyone familiar with the console gaming scene , will be quick to recognize its Gran Turismo-esque science , and Ridge Racer 's stylish appeal -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- , with applicable refinements that a power of today 's PC could provide . I have n't been a true fan of the series - partly due to its somewhat corny contents and lack of depth - but this new installment has definitely changed my impression . END
 This game uses a whole new engine with a superb driving model and breathtaking graphics . After my first race my knees were shaking from the adrenalin rush . I highly recommend this ! Best driving game yet .
 I have Need for speed high stakes that is NFS4 and it is the best i 'd give it a rating of 5 . Now they come out with a # 5 which is defenatly going to be better they improved many things by far . When you first play a game like this and are n't use to the gameplay you probably end up last every time but after some experience you come out at the top . I remember when it was so hard to handle the cars but then when i got good at the handbrake i could outmaneauver anything . Believe me NFS series are always going to get better . The only thing that i can say thats bad about NFS is that they never have their online racing completley finished . I remember when i bought NFSHS and they never had the online beta working to anyone lower than cable and now it is still in beta form . I would also recommend NFSHS to everyone who has n't played it . There are far over 1000 cars online that you can download and add includeing tracks . I would think it would be a great Multiplayer game . you and 3 other friends could play pursuit mode . 2 cops 2 bad guys great game .
 Yes it does have issues with the geforce based video cards and lockups/crashes are mostly caused by other programs in memory . I had a problem with it crashing but when I used ctrl-alt-del to eliminate everything except explorer and systry the game runs fine . I love the career mode and the used car market . I found the best way to make money is to buy a used car , fix it up , run a race or two with it and sell it . Also , if you are still in the early to mid fifties , buy as many cabriolet 's as possible in 75 the best ones -LRB- 53-56 and the super ,90 etc -RRB- sell for between 60,000 - 110,000 .
 This game is simply amazing . It has shocking detail in cars , courses , everything . Evolution mode is possibly the coolest thing to ever be in a racing game , as you start in the 50 's with the first Porsche -LRB- 356 -RRB- and end up at the 2000 911 Turbo , with stops at every model in between . You get money for winning , need to repair cars , and buy specific upgrade parts . This is the games neatest feature . They are n't just `` suspension upgrade '' , or `` Engine upgrade '' , It is `` professional racing struts '' and `` stage 4 turbo kit '' . Of course , there are replacements for almost everything in the engine , body , etc. . If you are into cars , it is a dream come true . very technical . I love it . Definately reccomend it . At this price , it is a steal .
 This is the best driving game/simulation that I have played . The physics and graphics are outstanding ! I play with a PC steering wheel and it is very realistic . Electronic Arts needs to make more games like this . Take the same concept and use it with other exotic brand names . Lamborghini and Ferrari would be perfect for this type of game , both cars have an extensive history and long list of models to drive ... I want more NEED FOR SPEED !!!
 Great graphics , kids love it and adults become addicted . WHAT 'S AN ABSOLUTE SHAME IS THE INTERNET PLAY IS BEING DISCONTINUED BY EA IN JANUARY 2002 . This was the best racing on the Internet and was free . ADDENDUM - Feb 2000 . EA , at the last second , decided to keep their internet game servers running . So you can still play for free on the internet and that aspect alone makes this game one you will play for years . Off-line the game is very compelling and really appeals to all age groups - including hard-core would-be adult racers .
 At first when I got this as a present I thought it would be bad . All I liked was that it had great graphics , but when I started playing it was awesome ! Really easy to pick up and play , and keeps you occupied . Brilliant get it even if you do n't like Porsche at all .
 Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed is a very unique game . It features several modes of play which keep you busy for quite a while and always coming back for more . You get to experience the history and evolution of Porsche and its cars . The overall gameplay of Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed is fun , exciting , and intense . There are three main modes of play : One mode of play , Evolution mode , is an educational way to experience Porsche and its history . You start out with a 1950 Porsche and eventually work your way up to the new 911 Turbo . You must be able to mangage your money , repair your car , and buy new parts . Evolution mode is really an exhilerating ride.Factory driver is another mode of play , in which you are instructed to carry of several tasks which range from driving your car around cones to racing against time to win a race . It can get difficult at times , but it makes the game fun and exciting to come back you next time you play.Finally , single player is a mode in which you can test out some cars on a select number of tracks . This can give you the `` feel '' for the different courses.Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed has very nice graphics , in fact , that is one of the game 's strong points . The European scenery is beautiful . You have snowy conditions and ice as you speed through the Alps . Your lights illuminate your path as you race though Monte Carlo . Yes , the graphics truly capture the scenery of Europe.Sound is nice as well , you hear the same sort of `` techno '' music as in the other Need for Speed games . It really makes the game neat as you speed along at 100 mph . The sounds of the Porsche engines are fabulous . Each car sound different in its own special way.But , the one question remains
 I have owned every single NFS made . I got rid of NFS 1 as soon as NFS 2 came out -LRB- WEll actualy I got NFS 1 for free after I got NFS 2 ! This is definitly worth the price . The only thing is if you do not have your computers networked , do not get this game -LRB- if you want to play two player Mode . -RRB- Because you will find that in the process of trying to make the game have higher , Electronic Arts made it so you could not play two player mode on one computer.For me Electronic arts makes the best games , and if you like simulation games , you should check out other Electronic Arts games , including the sims series and The NFS series .
 This game rules it has the best graphics i 've ever seen and it is so sweet because there are all these cars to chose from . the cars look exactly like a full size one would . there are some bad things though , like how there are only a few tracks . another thing that is awesome is that you get to damage your car and then repair it step by step . First the engine then the transmission then the body.Overall this game kicks ...
 This game has to be the best game for computer ever !!!
 dude . . this game rocks ! I 've played lots of racing games and this one is by far the best . The evolution mode starts you out in 1950 with just enough money for your first car and you slowly move up through the years until 2001 . The test driver mode was way cool and challenging . The grapics are awesome though sometimes there was a glitch or two that the game quickly corrected . This game was so cool ! You can buy and install hi-po parts for your porsche or keep it stock . Even if you do n't like porsches BUY THIS GAME !
 i think this game is excellent and everyone should have it
 If you have not tried this game or even seen it try it . It is worth the 20 Dollars . The graphics are the best and has cool cars with awsem tracks .
 It 's a good game . It was a decent diversion , but soon enough , I was sucked back into Battlefield 2142 . This has great graphics though .
 This is the only Tomb Raider that really reflects what the game really was meant to be . Lara is great ! and better than ever by the way ... Buy this game on PS2 or PC -LRB- you 'll have to get a strong graphics card -RRB-
 Short and sweet . My husband got and played this game in one 6 hour evening . He got home form work started playing and was finished by bed time . Althought there were some sections that actaully stumped him briefly , I have to say that for the price and anticipation of this game I am disappointed . But still got ta love Lara !
 Great game - the most fun , easy to pick up and best looking out of the series . As others have said though the game is too short and puzzles are a little too easy . One of the better , recent titles that not just only has pretty graphics but also excellent gameplay .
 Tomb Raider : Legend returns the Tomb Raider series to its original glory by giving players what originally made the game fun and interesting , namely - absorbing gameplay involving a blend of exploration , acrobatic movements , puzzle solving and combat . The game takes adavantage of modern processors and graphics cards , Lara herself looks absolutely amazing and the game levels are beautifully rendered and look better than any other Tomb Raider game to date , actually as good as the more recent Myst games.The controls are different now , and take some getting used to . Basically , the mouse is used to move the camera in relation to Lara , while the keyboard controls how Lara moves with respect to where the camera is aimed i.e. left , right , towards the camera or away from it . It sounds confusing , but turns out to be actually useful , as the player can put the camera exactly where needed to insure proper alignment before attempting a difficult jump.The game can be played at several levels of difficulty , and will sometimes offer hints for which keys to press in order to make a particular move or accomplish some other task.The levels themselves are very large , and involve a mix of various ancient ruins in tropical and desert settings , and modern cityscapes . Some of the vistas are simply breathtaking . Great attention to detail has been given , with lots of small things like rocks crumbling , plant stems waving in the breeze , insects crawling or flying around , etc , which add to the immersive atmosphere.Speaking of breathtaking , Lara herself looks absolutely stunning . I have no idea how many polygons she is composed of , but the number must be in the thousands . She is n't quite photorealistic , but primarily because real women in photographs do n't look quite so good . Details are amazing , if you look at her eyes , they appear to be moist . After she swims , her clothing looks wet for a while , then merely damp , then dry . Her skin similarly has a sheen of moisture which slowly evaporates . Her abilities have always been a bit above those of most humans , in that even in the first game she could push or pull a cubic stone block taller than herself , which must have weighed tons . She still does such things , now sometimes jumping vertically along a sheer cliff face or wall to the next handhold a distance of three or four feet , or diving off a cliff to catch a handhold on a precipice across a chasm . Because Lara executes her moves with the grace of an Olympic gymnast , it is astonishing to watch as these events unfold in front of your eyes , and thrilling to be a part of them.I liked the game very much , and will be looking forward to more like this !
 Look Great !! Works Great !! Smells Great !! Tastes Great !! If Only I Could Play it The Way My Daughter Plays It !!
 Great Game - bought it to replace my original from years ago , that was damaged . Found I wanted/needed to play it again -LRB- and all the other Tomb Raider titles -RRB-
 Playing this game is fun thay did an good job in this one you travel all over the world and finding the all the clues Good luck on that.So have fun
 I want to start my review by saying this has to be the funnest Tomb Raider game by far . The plot is tight and the gameplay is great . I played this on a friend 's PS2 and it was great , albeit that camera can get annoying sometimes . The only problem I see with the PC version is that the camera is worse in it . Especially when shooting at enemies . Sometimes , the camera would get stuck in position and , no matter how much I jerked the mouse around , the camera would n't budge so it was kind of difficult , but I got through it . The game , as many have stated , is too short . I have seen the old trailers for the game and realize that this is mostly due to a lot of elements being cut from the game
 This was a great game with one exception . There just were not enough tombs and temples and it felt more first person shooter . Which I do not mind considering I play things like Stalker and Dead Space . Though the tombs you got were lovely there was not much exploration as much as running through them because they were collapsing . It took barely a week to finish after work every night . You did n't get to do Croft Manao unless you finished parts of the game . Tomb Raider Anniversary they got it right and the tombs were awesome and the bosses not so simple . I have had that one for months and have still NOT finished it.I loved the game Legend . It is bueatiful and fun just not tombie enough for me . Would I play it again . Oh ... absolutely.This seller is awesome folks and has a great many games and I really like these people . If you are looking for some great games and fast delivery these are great sellers .
 One ca n't seem to review/play a recent Tomb Raider game without at least spending a few moments mentioning camera controls . I 'd like to say it 's wonderful and is positioned in such a way that it stays out of the way in tight spaces ; it 's anything but.Camera frustrations aside , I have to agree with a comment I read about how the devs attempted to keep the pacing similar to an action movie . The story , although at times tongue in cheek silly , keeps moving and keeps the player involved.I actually enjoyed the motorcycle/trail level , but it seems many did not . I 'm not sure what others thought -LRB- have n't really looked to be honest -RRB- , but I was feeling vertigo in a later level where you have to ascend to a rooftop between various buildings . I was on pins and needles ... The demo will give you an idea what you 're dealing with , but it lacks the ` next gen ' settings which leaves you with the PS2 equivalent graphics . Even so , I still enjoyed it and went ahead and got the full version .
 This being the company 's first Tomb Raider , was actually my second next-gen Tomb Raider game I have bought . I will only say , that we need more games like these . The most interesting part is being able to play one location per level . If you have played the old games you will get the idea . This is an excellent game that I play on my PC . I will eventually purchase a new computer , but in the meantime I am happy running it on my ATI RadeonX300 chip set . I will always appreciate what Lara has done for us , knowing that all new Games and MUSIC has gone to Senseless CRAP !! But not Lara , at least not yet . Those that complain about controls , always remember it is very difficult to make a perfect game that would probably take over 7 years to accomplish . And yet some would be ... . Still Dissatisfied ! If YOU can make a game that every single person on Earth enjoys , I would dish out $ 1000 just to own it !!! I am a very choosy individual , believe me I like almost every genre of a game ... . but it has to have a high replay/interest factor ! As for those that say the Anniversary version has serious issues running VISTA , than search for a computer that can be assembled according to your instructions ! Remember the little thing called the `` internet '' . Yes , CUSTOM-BUILD YOUR NEW PC ONLINE ! A great web page is www.cyberpowerpc.com . Please DO N'T waste more money for business practices that force you to `` GET NEW or SCREW YOU '' deal . You can definitely get a high-end PC for the SAME PRICE . I believe they still offer `` WINDOWS XP '' with custom built machines . I Do n't Want To See A Great Series Forgotten , DUE TO VISTA MAINTENANCE ISSUES !! I LOVE CRYSTAL DYNAMICS , CORE , EIDOS , and especially LARA CROFT !!! The Tomb Raider Games have been a blessing to the Gaming World ! LARA CROFT WILL LIVE IN MY DREAMS FOREVER !!
 I like this game pretty good ! I like the graphics , I like the levels , and the puzzles . Some times the controls get in the way , but it is easy to control.Controls 3/5Graphics 5/5Game Play 5/5Over All 4/5
 If you 're already a Tomb Raider fan then you do n't need me to tell you to get this game . This game was a load of fun . A little short I guess but still sweet . If you are looking and action adventure you can just pick up and play this is the game for you .
 I have the PS2 version of the game and loved it to where I bought the Anniversary Edition also ... I bought the PC version so I could try out text modification programs and other available cheats that you can do with a computer , but you cant do with a game console ... Stan Wetmore
 I must say that I really enjoy the Tomb Raider series of games and this was so much better than Angel of Darkness it was incredible.I personally think that Tomb Raider Chronicles was the best one and do not know if they will ever be able to make one better , but this is close .
 This new outing is one of the best and breaths life back into an old franchise . At twenty dollars this game is a steal .
 I am a huge fan of the Tomb Raider series , and and avid gamer in general . This has been the BEST OF ANY GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED AND I HAVE PLAYED ALOT ! It 's beautiful for starters , full of action , puzzle solving and fun motorcycles . It has something for everyone . IT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY SPENT AND THEN SOME . In general the entire series is a blast and super addictive , but this is the best yet . Eidos even has you play in Lara 's `` memory '' at one point and she 's wearing her original Tomb Raider cloths . They have catered to every aspect of pleasing the gaming community . -LRB- Though we always have the complainers no matter what , do n't pay attn
 I have to say that I 've never played the first Tomb Raider games , or any of the sequels , save for this one . And after playing Legend - I 've become a Lara Croft addict.I 'll admit that the game is short - but I do n't really have any issues with that . For those of you who like a little variety in their gaming experiences , then this is good fun . The puzzles are interesting , and once you 've got the hang of one , you ought to catch on to the rest.One thing that did amaze me is the fluidity of Lara 's movements . I 've played a couple games where jumping from one place to another becomes an issue when it should n't be - you 're not going to have that problem here . You will , however , take a short while to become accustomed to the camera angle -LRB- I 'm assuming this is only in the PC version -RRB- , which requires the movement of the mouse to manipulate . The first level where Lara explores a temple in Bolivia allows you to familiarize yourself with her movements . There are instructions that pop up during gameplay , helping you to get from one location to another.Lara comes equipped with a PLS -LRB- personal light source -RRB- , 2 standard handguns , binoculars -LRB- which can be turned on to RAD mode , in which you can view which objects can be moved , are flammable , are part of a mechanism to a puzzle or are fragile -RRB- and health packs -LRB- she can only carry 3 - max -RRB- . When you kill enemies , you have the option of getting a better weapon in addition to your 2 handguns . You can also carry a maximum of 4 grenades.The graphics are terrific . Installation of the game takes up a lot of memory -LRB- even more than SIMS 2 ! -RRB- , so be sure you have enough space on your hard drive . The disk space use-up is justified , though . They have paid a lot of attention to detail in each level.The two things that seriously annoy me is that you can only save at certain `` checkpoints '' and can not skip previously viewed cutscenes . When playing the game and advancing to different locations , a pop-up appears indicating that you 've reached a checkpoint . That way , if you die , you wo n't have to replay that level from the beginning . It 's all well and good , but you can not save BETWEEN checkpoints . Due to this reason , I can not find a way to skip cutscenes I 've already seen . E.g. Lara meets with a bad guy , they chat , bad guy gets mad and they fight . If Lara dies , you resume the game while playing through the scenario over again.To sum up , if you 're a flexible gamer who likes variety and a little challenge -LRB- play this game using the HARD difficulty level ! -RRB- , then go for it . If you 're the kind of person who 's into more of a specific kind of experience , stick to your thing .
 the gameplay/graphics is great , i have no problems with the game itself.however , the copies i received -LSB- ordered legend and anniversary -RSB- came in console type packaging with no box or instruction books . the DVD 's themselves look like copies with stickers on them . NOT what i was expecting.had i been informed of this , it would n't be a problem , but i was expecting NEW UNOPENED ORIGINALS.i 'll be sure to NEVER order from this particular seller again . lesson learned .
 After playing tired sequel after sequel in the TR series , this one finally delivers . Some thought it too short - I say short and sweet . Or difficult to control - what was the problem ? Best Tomb Raider in a long time and very enjoyable play here with spectacular graphics . Strangely , Crystal Dynamics also produced Tomb Raider Anniversary that I found to be somewhat difficult and annoying . Maybe they will use Legend for inspiration on the next one .
 Unfortunately Eidos never could appreciate the what a gold mine the Lara Croft series could have been . The Legend is clearly a major improvement in the Croft series with stunning graphics and story line . The keyboard has also improved from 4 flats to retreads but still needs work . Parts of this game still involves more fighting with the keyboard to get things done but is more the exception than the rule.The second game in this video is Croft Manor which is separate from Legend and gets extremely high marks if you like puzzle solving and critical thinking . This section will keep you pleasantly hooked from the getgo . The fact that Angelina Jolie turned this series into blockbuster movies is a testament to the success of the Croft concept . Had EA or Vivendi Games had this series from day one , the Lara Croft games would have surpassed Halo , Doom and Call of Duty in a heartbeat to be the best series in video history . The Croft series needs to be remade with the serious investment it requires at the very least . Lets hope Eidos gets bought out !
 I think I have played all of the Tomb Raider games and they 've come a long way since the first awful , grainy textures of the first episode . Maybe they 've gone too far . Right off the bat , the game would n't load properly . It was frustrating to have to try three times or more to get the thing to read the first command lines and start to run . Also the camera follow thing the designers did was confusing . The old platform was much easier to operate from a users ' perspective . When something 's good , why do they change it ? All of the pretty graphics are nice but it does n't make the game more fun to play . Tomb raider continues to be challenging and mysterious and I do like that .
 Following the somewhat disappointing showing of Angel Of Darkness , Legend makes a valiant attempt at redemption . How ? By simply cramming as much fun as possible into a shorter format . On the plus side , Lara never looked so good . The graphics are great , the dialogue is witty , and I really found the `` Dragon 's Lair-like '' cutscene interactions to be a riot , especially when you fail to time the move correctly !! Plenty of extras to unlock , and while the game is shorter comparatively , it does leave one wanting plenty more -LRB- and plenty more of Lara in a torn , slinky black evening dress ! -RRB- I did not find the issues to be overwhelming with the camera , though there were a couple of times I had to be patient . However , with so many complaints surfacing about keyboard and mouse interactions , might I recommend a quality USB game controller to go with it . I had no issues with control while using one , was able to better control the camera , and it sure beat dropping 400 bucks on an Xbox 360 !
 I remember the fun of playing the original game in 1996 , and have played most of the subsequent titles -LRB- other than Angel of Darkness , which I played a demo of and hated -RRB- , and this is a fine title.The graphics are very nice , the soundtrack well done , the outfit selection feature fun to play with , and the sidekicks were a nice way to both tie in with the movies and make the game less lonely feeling than some of the other titles . It 's nice having a story and seeing that Lara does have friends in the world . It certainly makes Lara seem less like a killing machine as she was in some of the games , particularly the third one.I have been playing just to explore and am at the 14 hour point at the end of the England level . In that time I have all the statues from the manor and the other locales done so far , and for someone who enjoys adventure games , they have done a nice job on the puzzles so far . I think they did a good job on the level design.I would agree it 's not quite a 5 star all-time classic though . The motorcycle levels are the weakest part of the game so far , but they are n't that bad . The game 's sound has a tendency to stutter on my system -LRB- an Athlon 64 3400 + with a gig of ram and a 256meg FX5700 card -RRB- , and Eidos has ignored my requests for tech support on that , and considering the disc space requirements , one would think the game should be longer.For those with problems using the controls , try using the arrow keys , have `` use '' mapped to the middle mouse button , duck/roll on num pad 4 and the grapple key on num pad 1 . It makes the game a lot easier to control with those modifications , specially the use key.Overall , I am having a blast playing TR : Legend , and I think it was well worth my $ 40 .
 I was pretty impressed with this game . I never thought I 'd play another Tomb Raider game after AoD but this game showed that the series could be resurrected . It breathes a much-needed breath of life into the TR series -LRB- although it does n't come without its faults -RRB- . The gameplay is a big improvement over the previous games , and is much easier to play . Lara is n't as stiff and clumsy as she was in the previous installments , and the controls are much more fluid and flexible . This is the first Tomb Raider game that has decent controls and it makes the game enjoyable to play . The graphics are also pretty awesome -LRB- at least the next-gen look -RRB- and level designs are great , returning Lara to the tombs of the original game . The amount of detail that went into the levels is astounding and it 's a treat just exploring the levels . With next-gen features turn on the graphics rival those of Far Cry and other next-generation PC games . The sound and music is also top-notch and fits the game very well . Overall it 's a big improvement over the past games and is a fine game in its own right.However , in spite of these good features I had to dock a star , and that 's because this game has some very serious flaws . The first is that it is a bad port . Speaking specifically about the PC version , the next-gen rendering is poorly coded and runs slow on even the fastest PCs . The game looks great on next-gen mode but it 's virtually unplayable unless you go with the lowest resolution -LRB- which pretty much defeats the purpose of next-gen 's great graphics -RRB- . The second is the controls , which are camera-dependent . That is , the directional buttons differ depending on the direction the camera is facing . To me , this is a MAJOR design error as it breaks the consistency of the controls and it is a constant source of frustration . There have been numerous times when I would jump onto a ledge and press left to shimmy left only to have Lara stare behind her because the camera was facing to the right too much . In situations where I need to move quickly this can be a real handicap . This is further compounded by the fact that the camera frequently moves on its own -LRB- sometimes in completely unpredictable ways -RRB- . There are been several times when I jumped onto a ledge and pressed up to move forward , only to end up falling off the ledge I just jumped up on because the camera did a 180 and effectively turned her around . Static controls and a manuel camera would have made this game significantly more playable . A third major problem -LRB- mentioned by others -RRB- is the length of the game . Although the levels are well-designed the game is far too short . A decent player can finish the game in a couple of days -LRB- although unlocking all the secrets will take much longer -RRB- . There are some bonuses such as the time trial -LRB- which can unlock some costumes -RRB- that can extend the game a bit but the fact is that the game is awfully short and the replay value just is n't there . Although these problems are n't enough to ruin the game , they detract significantly from the game to merit docking a point.However , overall the game is pretty enjoyable and if you 're a TR fan then this is definitely the game you 've been waiting for . It 's what the past four Tomb Raider games should have been and hopefully what future Tomb Raider games will be .
 This is n't going to be a long essay of a review because let 's be honest , who has time to read 5 paragraphs worth of stuff ? This is a great game , but my biggest problem with it is that it 's too short . The rest of the Tomb Raider games all had somewhere between 15-20 levels . And this one has ... 8 ? That 's it ? BUT they are very good levels that require a bit more thinking than the last few games , although AOD had some good thinky stuff too.And my last gripe is for all of you who ca n't pronounce a name properly ... It 's LARA Croft . NOT Lora , NOT Luara , but L-A-R-A . It 's phonetic . Read what you see . Ok , that 's it for me .
 I have bought and played each and every `` Tomb Raider '' PC game , the latest being `` Tomb Raider-Legend '' . The `` evolution '' of Lara Croft from adventure to the next adventure is amazing . Once I 've learned the keyboard commands , the game becomes more `` fun '' . I DO use walkthroughs , however , but the gameplay itself is still VERY challenging , especially the `` timed '' sequences .
 This game is very similar to the first Tomb Raider I played on PS1 many years ago . It starts out in South America behind this large doors that shut . Has bats and a bear in a pit . Great graphics to make the game more enjoyable.How to use the Grappling Hook . I struggled the first day with this item in both games I purchased.Walk to the edge jump and just before you descend from the jump , shoot out the grappling Hook ; and when it connects use the `` W '' key to get momentum and swing back and fort until you have enough momentum to reach the landing on the other side . I could hit the target over and over but did not use the W key to swing back and forth.Over all It 's a pretty good game . Still playing it ; and will insert updates and tips as I continue further in the game .
 Good
 I started on the Tomb Raider franchise with `` Anniversary '' . That was incredibly difficult for me at some of the levels considering I was a newbie to it . This version is fun , it 's a whole lot easier , and you do n't kill as many animals :-RRB- No motorcycle races on Anniversary either so I was not prepared for how to control that either . Lara looked pretty drunk on the bike when I was driving her : -RRB- Great fun game overall though .
 This game is SO cool , the graphics , gameplay , the levels . Everything in this game is a good challenge , doing new things that were n't done in the other TR games . For all of you who are thinking about buying this game for whatever game system you have , you 'll not be disappointed . Even though I 'm giving this game a 5 * there 's one minor thing , the game 's short . BUT if you 're a TOMB RAIDER fan like me , you wo n't care .
 Well , Tomb Raider
 Crystal Dynamics has done what I assumed was impossible . They turned Lara Croft into a nimble , responsive game character . I used a dual analog PC gamepad , and enjoyed nearly every minute of her death defying globetrotting . -LRB- I suspect a lot of reviewers who complain about the controls are using mouse and keyboard -RRB- . The first step Crystal Dynamics took was to make environmental interactivity much more forgiving . `` Close enough '' is now good enough as the game will give you the benefit of the doubt during acrobatic maneuvers . As opposed to the sadistic difficulty of CORE designed games , TR vets may actually feel Legend to be a bit on the easy side . -LRB- I say we 've done our time in gaming hell , and it 's time for a little relaxation . -RRB- Even dull block pushing puzzles are now fun with the new analog push/pull engine . The grapple is a nifty and useful gadget designed for constant interactivity with environmental objects . And Lara herself moves with surprising agility and quickness , rarely taking a bad step on even the most precarious ledges . Finally , Lara moves with the grace and skill she always should have.The camera generally points in the right direction , and the right analog stick can be tailored as the camera control -LRB- I recommend it -RRB- . I did n't encounter a stuck camera more than a few times in the game , which is very good for a 3rd person 3-D action game . What is n't good is the retention of the `` dramatic '' camera angle swings during tough maneuvers . Bad habits die hard , and this staple of bad old TR gameplay needs to be buried six feet under . And if there 's room in the coffin , drop the relative control scheme in and pile on the dirt . Forward on the joystick needs to be forward , left left , right right , and back back at all times regardless of camera angle . Yes , I 'm an absolutist.Lara 's new voice is more human than the angry British dominatrix styles of previous games . She has more depth to her character , and is finally pleasant to listen to . I 'd like to hear less of her next time , though . The chatter between her and her two knucklehead companions is grating . While it serves an admirable purpose of pointing out environmental hazards to avoid cheap deaths , and breaking up the lonely monotony of a long level , it 's just too much . As Elvis said , `` A little less conversation , a little more action ... `` Plenty of folks have already raved about the graphics , so I 'll just briefly concur . You have n't seen Tomb Raider as it was always meant to be without playing Legend . I would like to replay quite a few of the original TR classics rebuilt with this graphics engine , if only to see them in high res and no PSOne draw distance limit.The gunplay and motor vehicle engines needs a rebuild . I would n't bring this up if so many human enemies were n't presented in the game . Lara 's precision aim is pitifully inaccurate , and auto aim is laughably easy , resulting in dull , lifeless segments of shootouts . The motorcycle levels are an embarassment due to the floaty , arcade feel and tinny sound effects.Finally , the game is too short . I 'm all for brevity in gaming when it means a tight ten hour rollercoaster ride with no padding . But Legend just feels truncated . Then again , it has to be a good sign that Crystal Dynamics left me wanting more , instead of having to force myself to trudge through another brutal Tomb Raider debacle . Here 's to improvement .
 I got this game for Christmas last year . I love it . Excellent graphics , sound , story , etc. . I have nothing negative to say .
 Tomb Raider fans will love this ... Lara returning to her roots -LRB- this both literal and the story of the game -RRB- . That which made Lara Croft famos -LRB- tomb raiding -RRB- is back in full with stunning area 's to explore . I would also rate this game a 4.5 / 5 -LRB- if that were an option -RRB- . I was not thrilled with the ending as it was left open -LRB- which I am sure is a prompt for the next installment in the series -RRB- but there is no concrete conclusion outside of the death of a rival and a revelation to lead us into the next game if/when it is developed . This is , however , a must have for any Lara Croft Tomb Raider fans .
 this is one of the best tomb raider 's ever ! i love the story , it 's much better then i thought it would be . the graphics are amazing . the gameplay is kinda hard to get used to , but in a few hours you should get it , it 's actually better than the first few . i love that you get to explore her mansion in detail ... you never got to do that in the others , well not as much . the music is great . and it 's alot easier than all the other titles . the scenery is amazing , you get to go to like 6 different places , and there all done pefectly.now the downside is ... it only has like 8 levels . well and thats it . not much . it 's really a great game , and anybody who says otherwise is completely crazy!if you loved the others , you have to get this ... you would n't believe how great it is!oh , and it works on vista ... even better than xp .
 This game was fun , all the way through and pretty gentle on the hardware . Graphics look awesome , and there 's lots of replay chances with awards and extra outfits . Solid title , especially with the price . Nice to have played a good game , that 's actually a game , not a murder simulator .
 This game certainly puts a whole different spin on Tomb Raider games . If you 're a DIE HARD Laura Croft fan then this game is for you . I have n't played any Tomb Raider 's since Tomb Raider II on Playstation 1 and I STILL liked this game . Most reviewers say it was a horrible game , but I certainly enjoyed it . I like solving puzzles in a sense that you become part of the puzzle and this game does exactly that .
 After years of disappointing games the Legend finally brings the pleasure of playing Tomb Raider .
 Overall this was a good game , not quite long enough , but a good game . The levels are fun and interesting to play . Some of the areas you visit are breathtaking , especially if you have a high end computer system . I just wish the game was longer and hope they make a sequel to finish the story .
 I do love love love this game , but the new controls are so awkward . The camera angles also get in the way .
 I have been into Tomb Raider from the beginning . After reading the negative reviews of TR Legend , I got a copy anyway . I agree with all the positive/negative reviews posted here . However , any TR fan WILL Want to add this edition to his/her collection regardless of the negatives . Hopefully the creators of TR will heed the users ' suggestions to improve the next edition . And that 's all I have to say about that .
 Tomb Raider ! What a blast that game was , when it came out I played it till my thumb just about fell off . After TR1 the franchise just started going downhill and after TR3 it got plain terrible.Lara Croft was dead and we all shed a silent tear for one of our favorite games.But wait!Here comes Crystal Dynamics ! Apparently someone at Crystal Dynamics knew what Tomb raider was all about , cool puzzles , places to explore , secrets to find and jumping into a forward flip while you draw your guns and blow some guy off a cliff . Excellent.TR Legend has n't really totally gone back to what the original was , it 's very short and while the levels are loads of fun it feels a bit more linear than I would expect . Levels could 've been a bit larger . The best one is probably the Mansion and it 's a training level.But dont get me wrong , the game is fun , and it 's got plenty of secrets and unlockables for die hards.The `` Next Gen Graphics '' -LRB- a phrase thats starting to annoy me -RRB- are n't really as `` next gen '' as some other `` next gen '' games I 've played , and with out a relatively beefy graphics card your not gunna get a high frame rate with them turned on . That struck me as odd because other games I have that look A LOT better than Legend run smooth with all settings on high.But graphics dont make a game , they 're just a part of it and I really could n't complain about the graphics much , they look great , have some style -LRB- dont expect realism -RRB- and add enough to the game to make it immersive.The game play is a blast , it 's pretty much what you 'd expect from Tomb Raider , the motorcycle stages are a bit annoying at first but once you get the hang of em they 're actually a lot of fun.Puzzles are there and they 're good , but the new clue system makes solving them kinda easy , which was a bummer . I remember obsessing over some of the originals puzzles for days , you wont have any of that here , maybe 15 minutes max.Lara 's got all of her old moves -LRB- swan dive and the handstand are back -RRB- and a couple new ones so that she can do some extra butt whoopin.I 'd recommend this one for young and old and especially fans of the Tomb Raider Games , good to see someone getting the Genre back on track.Lets hope the next one really takes the game to new heights .
 My problem with it is that its short and she runs too slow and a few littl minor stuff but nothing really to coomplain about ... I like that strategy , puzzles -LRB- did n't really find them puzzling -RRB- riding the bike and others things ... At the end of the day i enjoy myself , they did n't do a bad job they did an OK job know wo n't know what you think of they game until you play it
 I have been a Tomb Raider fan since the beginning . I fell in love with Ms. Croft the second she unsheathed those dual pistols , just as many other gamers did back in 1996 , and followed her to her ungainly demise . After Tomb Raider III , I sat back and lamented the fall in quality , silently hoping Eidos would either just kill the series altogether or find a way to make it work.Tomb Raider
 I was lucky to experience this game a few days early , and I have to say I have not had this much fun in a long time.Tomb Raider is back , with a vengeance . Forget the used Tomb Raider Chronicles , forget the botched Angel of Darkness . What Crystal Dynamics is giving us here is a completely rethought franchise.Depending on the quality of your hardware , you 'll either be amazed by the graphics , or completely bedazzled . Tomb Raider now actually looks good , and not just the lush curves -LRB- and expressive face -RRB- of its archaeologist heroine . The environments are masterfully crafted , and -LRB- thanks to an game engine completely rewritten since the past episodes -RRB- manage to successfully break from the cube-geometry we 've all been used to.But , but , but-Tomb Raider does n't only * look * good , it also sounds wicked !! I would never have imagined how big a difference the audio voice-over makes . Indeed , Keeley Hawes is excellent -LRB- * excellent * !! `` I have n't the foggiest . '' -RRB- , and gives Lara some added depth and class . I promise you 'll come to love the witty banter exchanged by Lara and her faithful geek team.The obvious aim of the designers was to make this feel as much as a movie as possible-hence the `` action sequences '' , sort of interactive cinematics . While I have to confess they do not always succeed -LRB- and , having to play through the same , at the beginning of a checkpoint `` interactive cinematic '' over and over , is maddening !! -RRB- , they are none-the-less a commendable attempt to diversify the action . On the other hand , the vehicle sequences were always fun -LRB- if sometimes a bit long -RRB- , and the race behind the Russian built train in Kazakhstan was a memorable one.Now , as for the controls , they are exceptionally fluid-think Prince of Persia - , and make controlling Lara one of the most exhilarating experiences . Even though sometimes I cursed the complexity of them -LRB- in one boss , you have to shoot , then put your gun away , then throw the hook , then the pull-this is not particularly easy , and I was swore quite distinctly under my breath before I finally got a hang of it -RRB- . While frustratingly , the camera on occasion has a mind of its own , I think you 'll find this to be , at the worst of times , not much more than a nuisance -LRB- it does a great job the rest of the time -RRB- . The grapple hook is reminiscent of Indy 's whip , and adds an extra element that was much needed to make the puzzles interesting.The weapons though , are a bit disappointing . Well not disappointing , because I was completely happy using Lara 's trademark dual guns . They have unlimited ammo , and are so efficient that there is never really a need to use anything else . The grenades , I found , were particularly useless . -LRB- But to be honest , I * never * have any luck with grenades , ever . -RRB- The plot and locations . Well , as I said above , this game is like a movie . Never a dull moment , and the plot motivates you to go along -LRB- you 'll play the game as much to see what happens , than to shoot down bad guys -RRB- . Supernatural is very efficiently mixed with real-life myths , ? la Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis -LRB- in which the designers blended several versions of the myth of the Lost City to produce their own interpretation -RRB- , to create a believable -LRB- well , at the very least , not so far-fetched as most -RRB- story.You begin your journey in Bolivia . This is the tutorial level , that eases you into the game . Then you go to Peru . Peru is good old fashioned tomb-a real tomb , in which you do some digging to discover a friend you thought was dead , actually is n't either -LRB- is n't a friend , and is n't dead -RRB- . You then discover elements that point you to a mafia boss in Japan . Japan in one of the most fun levels , I found , because how often to you get to swing -LRB- and occasionally motoride -RRB- through the skyscrapers of Tokyo ?! -LRB- That , and Lara 's outfit is pretty smooth ! -RRB- Then you go to Ghana in West Africa , in a tomb that is mostly a big giant puzzle -LRB- well , it 's much more fun than that -RRB- . The puzzles in this game , by the way , is not the old trademark `` Push a bunch of cubes around until you feel like jumping out the window . '' The puzzles here are actually interesting , never illogical , and never impossible to figure out . In doubt , you can always use the R.A.D. mode of your binoculars to discern what you 'll have to move , what you 'll to shoot , etc. . After Ghana , there 's that Kazakhstan level that I * really * enjoyed -LRB- I 'm a sucker for Soviet experiments awry -RRB- ... and then England -LRB- in an odd King Arthur museum -RRB- , Nepal and Bolivia again for the final confrontation . The ending practically announces the next installment ! -LRB- and yes , perhaps the game is a bit on the short side . -RRB- I have to confess I 've never been as much a Tomb Raider fan as I am now . This is one of the most enjoyable and gripping games I 've played in the past two years , and I highly recommend to all action game fans -LRB- regardless of whether they 've enjoyed the previous instalments -RRB- . -LSB- PS
 It was worth waiting until I could get this game for $ 10 , new . After pre-ordering AOD and being monumentally disappointed , I figured I 'd wait on this one , and it was worth it ... if you know what I mean . At the original price this game would have been a ripoff . At $ 10 -LRB- and shipping , as always , bumped that up considerably -RRB- , it 's just about worth it.Price aside , I feel like someone who actually PLAYED the original TRs worked on the design for this new installment . There are still numerous , inexplicable problems with the way the camera shifts or locks . And I 'd love to know what genius decided that ` left ' and ` right ' should suddenly become ` forward ' or ` back ' depending on the orientation . But even with those idiosyncrasies this game is way more playable than AOD , which I never could muster the patience to finish . The AOD designers lost touch with the fact that games , by definition , should be more fun than frustrating . Legend is actually fun in a lot of places , and some of the puzzles do require a bit of out-of-the-box thinking , as it were . That was refreshing . And as a former high school gymnast whose apparatus was horizontal bar , I really enjoy the new ` kip-to-giant-swing ' move they 've added to Lara 's repertoire.All in all , Legend is definitely a step back in the right direction . If Eidos continues the franchise , hopefully they 'll take into account the generally more positive reaction to this getting-back-to-basics approach , and the next one will actually be worth the full price . Stranger things have happened !
 Tomb Raider Legend is by far the best the the series . The graphics , the story , the music , the action , the puzzles , the cinematics and the extras all are just spectacular while playing the game . It took me 3 days to beat the whole story mode , but then once you beat it , you realize you only have a certain percentage of the whole game completed . Finding the the secrets in the game and earning extra features such as new costumes , codes , weapon upgrades , pictures , and extra videos are a whole extra adventure to completing the game . And earning Lara 's bikini costume is worth the trouble :P Lara 's mansion is also a playable level but is not in the story , finding the secrets in her house is a challenge , but fun . Overall , this game was excellent and i would recommend it to anyone who liked the other Tomb Raider games , or anyone who is just looking for a great adventure game . I 'll be waiting for the next one to come out .
 This is an excellent game , in my opinion worth buying , but it 's a good idea to pace yourself because the game will go by fast , and there is n't much replay value after you beat it . Fortunately the game will show you what percentage of the way through it you are , so it 's easy not to be excessive . If you 're not careful you could beat this game in one or two sittings . Other than that , very awesome .
 I just want to say , this game is amazing , is simple one of the best Tomb Raider games I have ever played , compared to the previous ones , this one definitely goes far away with the graphics quality.And of course Lara looks so real into this one , that I guess I will fall in love once more !!!
 This is the best hunting game by far . . I wish they would come outwith a new one ... It is the most realistic of any games I 've played and I 've played a lot . If you hav ` nt played it get it !!! It 's worth $ 20 bucks just for the Deer hunting but you get 2 more games as well , you ca n't beat that . . Some other games to try are Deer Hunter 4 +5 , and Tropy Hunter 4 +5 . .
 This is a good game but i think the graphics could have been sharper but other than that it is a good game , but any way 3 disks for -LSB- price -RSB- is a good deal and its a pretty good game so if u like hunting you should buy this . Also , i like how u can go target practice on clays in the target range .
 I have Big Game Hunter III and recently bought this game . Once again , EA sports comes through with flying colors , as this game is easy to play and has great graphics . And it 's a great price for 3 CD 's .
 Wow !!! This is the best game I have bought in a long time . If you are a fan of Ran , or you are just facinated by sweeping epic battles on grand scales this game is for you . The Japanese war music that comes with it is to die for and really sets the tone for the battles . The mood is furthur set by well read voice overs using the text of Tzun xu etc. , to describe events . Building and controlling vast sweeping armies has never been so challanging as you are forced to consider actual tactics rather than just outnumbering your opponent . Many times you will find yourself outnumbered and forced to use shrewd tactics involving the lay of the land , weather , etc. . In the end you are left with profound understanding for the endless warfare of 16th century Japan , tactically , strategically , and even emotionally . 5 stars !!!!
 This game is a must for anyone who likes to be both the warrior and the strategist . This game actually happened by chance since the store i was walking through only had one copy left i decided to check it out . And I loved it from the start . It 's easy to get into and the tutorial is pretty explanatory showing how to form your armies on the battlefield . but it 's not just war , you have to manage your income to which is manage by rice or koku . then you can move your armis around the map and either negotiate or go to war with other nations . eventually you 'll go to war with all of the surrounding nations and thats when you get to the battles . The battles are real time and are extremely remarkable . The layouts of the field are great from the mountains where you can position archers from to fire down at your enemies , or the forests where you can make a surprise attack . There are only two problems though and that 's the control and the morality of your troops . You can have the largest army there is and still you end up falling back because of your generals rank . The control can be a pain sometimes especially if you 're positioning your troops in diffeerent areas and they are facing the opposite way of the enemy . But these are only small problems , this is worth the purchase .
 Wow - this is one of the most fun games I 've played in a while.The campaign side of the game is minimal -LRB- and a bit tedious -RRB- , and some of the AI seems to be cheating . But you forget that once you are launched into battle . The graphics are amazing - fully animated armies of thousands of soldiers that you can control over beautiful terrain . You 'll need a high-spec PC though - I have a fairly hi-spec dual P3-733 / nVidia GeForce 2 system , and can get good performance at 1024x768 -LRB- I cant wait to take it to 1600 -RRB- . Some people have complained about the game shipping with a poor manual . According to the Shogun website , the US edition shipped with an abridged version of the manual . My copy -LRB- bought in the UK -RRB- came with a thick user manual , and two reference cards - which is just as good as any other game I 've seen . If you want the full documentation , you can also download it from the -LSB- total war -RSB- website.The manual doesnt discuss tactics in detail , and leaves it to you to discover the benefits of the various unit upgrades available . As with any other strategy game , you 're best off looking in internet forums for this sort of info - if you want to shell out on the strategy guide you can too.The best part of this game is easily the battle sequences . The music , graphics , and enemy AI produce not only the best wargame that I 've ever played , but one of my favourite of all games . Once you see your Samurai swarming over the battlefield to chase some rival scum off the face of the earth , any criticisms of the game just seem irrelevant.Saying that , I do have a wishlist . There 's no editor available yet , and the campaign game is pretty limited -LRB- theres not much you can do in the way of diplomacy -RRB- . The unit types are all very alike too - you get samurai with bows . . samurai with spears ... samurai on horses ... and thats about it . Its certainly nowhere near Age Of Empires 2 in that respect.Pro
 This is a really good game . The graphics are very good , it doese n't lag up during the battle parts of the game , and the strategy section of the game is great . In addition , the battle area of the game is actually realistic , not like the fight to the death things of Starcraft , but it is realistic concerning how the battlefeild works . Buy this game , because it 's really worth it
 Having played the board game of the same name for years , I had to get this game when I first heard it was coming out . True to reviews online and in Time magazine , the graphics and playability are outstanding . From the white haze of the morning fog to the patches of sunlight that filters in between intermittent rain , the tactical terrain graphics are excellent and should produce many copycat games in the near future . The strategic play in the campaign mode is also well made . Managing the ever scarce koku and deciding your kingdom 's technological path are great attributes to the game . The diplomacy of the game , however , is unfortunately random , unstrategic , and becomes useless as the game progresses . Also , the spies and shinobis are useful only for counterspying and once the geisha is produced , it is only a matter of time before you are left with only the passive ronin to defeat -- a cheap way to win!Also , the game is limited in replayability . Sure , multi-players can go forever with custom battles but the campaign game becomes repetitive once each daimyo is played out . They should have made it like the board game with an option to start the game with random provinces.The difficulty levels are useless . Beyond normal , it is almost impossible to win battles since your men , regardless of strategy and strength , flee at the slightest provocation.But beyond these limitations , the tactical real-time battles are the greatest draw and it is they that make the game a winner .
 Welcome to 16th century feudal Japan , a beautiful , heavily wooded land of green , rolling , mist covered hills and wide rivers . A land of castles , peasant farmers and samurai warriors . That 's the only welcome there is though because it 's also the age of the country at war and as one of six competing Daimyo or warlords , your job in this game is to hold off your competition , defeat your enemies and unite Japan under your banner and thus claim the title of Shogun.Easier said than done , but in achieving it therein lies the fun . The game is a well balanced mix of 3D real time strategy -LRB- RTS -RRB- and a turn based system . There are three game modes - custom battle , historical battle and where you 'll probably spend most time , the heart of the game - the campaign . All three have the 3D RTS ` Battle View ' in common . In Battle View you are pitted against other daimyo and their samurai armies on lush beautifully depicted terrain . The terrain and weather effects are not simply pretty , they affect battle . Learn fast their secrets or die . Elevation allows warriors with ranged weapons -LRB- musketeers and archers -RRB- to rain death on those below . Woods will protect you from this aerial assault and those foolish enough to send cavalry charging into the close confines of the forests will suffer accordingly . River assaults can be bloody affairs . The weather changes with the seasons . Snow slows and tires both footsoldiers and cavalry and rain dampens your bowstrings and rifle flintlocks making ranged weapons almost useless . Mist and the occasional rolling fogs of spring and summer affect visibility for all concerned.To succeed you must field armies of mixed types . The armored Naginata and Heavy cavalry are what you need to assault those bridges or castle strongholds . Defend with your Yari -LRB- spear -RRB- warriors and ranged units to give the onrushing cavalry something to think about . Found a weakpoint ! - attack with your shock troops - the fanatical warrior monks and the devasting No Dachi -LRB- two-handed sword -RRB- samurai . Your tactical situation is not solely a function of terrain and weather . You can adjust your army formations as needed . Loose formations help when the enemy is raining arrows down on you while a wedge formation provides the power to break those defensive lines.The turned based element is a feature of the campaign game . You , as one of the daimyo 's have access to a boardgame style map of Japan showing all the provinces and your game pieces . Decide what you wish to move where , sliding your pieces across the map like chess pieces . Build structures , train armies , see to your income generating activities and generally look after your territories , while plotting where to invade next . End your turn and see how the other daimyos respond . It wo n't be long before their response will be War , and then it 's back to the 3D battleview again for some more beautifully rendered mayhem .
 I really enjoy Shogun . The gameplay is , to say the least , challenging . However , it is not a game for everyone.First , the cons . The campaign version of the game is LONG . Anyone who wants to actually controll their troops in the real-time battles that will take place will have to have patience . There have been times during the game where I just let the computer determine the outcome of a battle rather than take the time to fight it myself.Another difficulty that I have had with the game is that the computer AI seems to be unstoppable if you do n't go out of your way to keep ALL of the daimyos off guard and a little weak . I have played the full campaign version of the game -LRB- on Normal difficulty setting -RRB- three times now , and I 've only won once . The other two times I lost because one of the opposing armies got so huge that there was no way I could have won -LRB- I would have to estimate that he had about 10-12 ,000 troops in just two of his provinces-admitidly this was the bulk of his force-while I had only about 1,000-2 ,000 -RRB- . Nedless to say , I lost.Finally , some of the clans themselves are at a disadvantage . One of the clans I have been playing as has their starting provinces -LRB- you start out with 6 -RRB- split up . What I mean by that is that 3 of my provinces are connected to each other -LRB- in that I can walk troops from one province to the next , to the next -RRB- , and the other 3 are connected all the way on the other side of the map . This , obviously , presents a challenge for this particular clan . Although you DO have a port linking two of the seperated provinces together , you still have the problem that if you want to expand you have to worry about more enemies taking advantage of you while you attack.Now for the pros . The game has excellent terrain graphics . Also , I do understand people 's problems with controlling the huge forces that become arrayed towards the mid - and end-game periods -LRB- where the computer seems to get a huge advantage since it can keep track of exactly what is going on and where it wants the AI troops to go-pause a LOT during these battles -RRB- . Another great thing about the game is the nasty things you can do . Nothing says I love you like a geisha . I love them-even though they take until the end-game to get . Ninjas are also a lot of fun to use . But I have to say that archers are a must . The only way I have been able to get out of some of the really ugly situations that I have found myself in -LRB- being attacked by twice my force -RRB- is by having archers on hand to rain arrows down on the attackers . These units are a must have in the begining since they can cut the smaller , beggining-game armies to pieces.The game play is great too . One of the things that I like about the game is that the attacker has only a certain amount of time to seize the province . If they have n't routed or destroyed the defenders in that time , they lose -LRB- although they do not lose their troops for this -RRB- . Furthermore , the snow , fog , rain , and wind add a good deal to the game . Your archers have a harder time shooting accurately in the rain and wind . Conversely , they are bettere when on higher ground.Europeans and Christianity also play an important role in the game . Eventually , you will have to decide whether or not to become Christian . If you do , there is a downside . First , you are likely to experience what the game calls a `` Religious Revolt '' , and what I call getting stabbed in the back -LRB- unless , of course , you planned for this and you built a bunch of churches at the same time -RRB- . This ugly little event can come as a nasty surprise-especially since it usually happens behind your main defensive lines . Nothing is worse than having to move some of your front-line troops to a different province in order to put down a revolt while your neighboor is expressing some aggressive tendancies . Then again , you do get guns ;-RRB- . Finally , the real reason I got this game
 DISCLAIMER
 A game that thrusts the player into medieval japan . He is forced to master the art of war to survive . I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys tactics in games . One more thing , the realism is sensational !
 The game many historical strategy players have been waiting for ! Finnaly we can control mounted samurai , geishas , and ninjas all in beautifully rendered landscapes and decent graphics . Great for first timers and veteran gamers . Setting up thousands of troops -LRB- yes , THOUSANDS ! literally ! -RRB- can be difficult but it only adds to the realism . Appropriate music adds a nice atmosphere . Weather conditions and unit personalities are just a couple of all the realism factors you 'll experience in this fine game .
 It gives the strategic a chance to wield an army of samari that yeilds to his or her every whim . It features adreneline pumping combat and samari warriors that fight to the death . If you want to command in battle , lead your men into battle , and take the victory , I recommend it for you .
 This is the best strategy game I have ever had!The landscapes , the huge armies , the economy!It 's all fantastic!Oh ! And what is more , the super japanese music!Oh yes and the A.I. ! It beated me at the beginning several times,ha-ha ! But now
 This is one of the best games ever . Here is everything you need to know about this gamePlot
 This may be the best RTS game ever . The graphics are amazing and the backrounds are a visual feast . Your posted in the 1500 's in Japan . Control has just been lost by the shogun of Japan and there are 7 clans trying to claim it . You can choose one of 7 clans to try to take over Japan , each with it 's own advantages -LRB- can build archers for cheaper castles ... -RRB- There is a map where you manage economy and deside what to take over who to make and alliance with and so on . Then their is the battle field where you do battle with the troops you made . I suggest you get a mixed line of troops or you have no chance . Then there is the whole honor thing . When you win battles genrals gain honor and lose honor when they lose . If a genral loses about 5 battles strait he has someone chop his head off . You can also Assassin people with Ninjas -LRB- At first it 's highly entertaing to whatch the assassinations -RRB- . The point of the game is to take over Japan.This could be the best game ever . Buy it .
 I have so far enjoyed this game . It has everything I like and nothing that I do n't like . The graphics are good . The game is easy to learn but hard to master . The AI makes smart decisions when trying to attack and defend.Unfortunately the game is a little buggy . In one instance I took over all of Japan but one province and everytime I got to the end of the battle for that province the game would close and go to the desktop . Very annoying ... Definately worth buying anyway ... Scott
 Simple , elegant , addictive . This game will put an end to your social life ! .
 Everything is great about the game , but the only way to learnhow to fight with the armies is to fight with the armies . The manual is limited in info , does not explain HOW to use the commands in any detail and in some cases is just plain wrong . On the other hand , the game is very flexible , allowing you to pick and select what kind of game you want ; from picking your clan to deciding if troops will have unlimited ammo . Warning
 This game captures the art of warfare better than anyother ever made . It 's combination of economics and conquest along with realtime strategic play make it a truly must have game . The part that I found the most fantastic and im sure many others do are the battles . Terrain is amazing from cliffs to steep hills , bridges and gulleys . This game has truly made me appreciate the neccisity of high ground . The weather is also stunning . From clear skies to a misty morning to perhaps 10 foot visablitity . The formations look perfect . It can actully look beautiful to see the perfect formations of the enemy in the distance as they close in on you . Morale is also key in winning these bloody and brutal fights . The elements of terrain , weather , moral , the seasons , and your leadership all come together in these epic battles . These are also Sun Tzu 's 5 principles of war . Master them and you will achieve victory and perhaps Shogun .
 I have been waiting for a strategy game like Shogun for years . I have purchased numerous strategy games to replace my all-time favorite , Lord of the Realms II , and they all lacked something . Shogun brings it all to you with top-quality graphics in the battle scenes . I recommend it to anyone who is a strategy-game enthusiast .
 It was 6AM and the sun was already up , but my attention was focused on the battle being raged on the PC before me . I had played through the night to reach this moment
 Yes , the novel Shogun by James Clavell is one of the most interesting books ever written ; yes , Seven Samauri etc. are effectively realized ; and yes , much of that is translated into this game . But not all of it.Good Points : -- Battle Sequences that are second to none with realism that has never been accomplished before in a computer game involving terrain and troop movements . Those little guys really put their all into slaughtering one another . -- Excellent graphics , sound , and overall effect . `` Hai , Anjin-san . '' -- Powerful artificial intelligence that learns . Yes , learns . -LRB- Vis-a-vis
 Shogun is an amazingly addictive and fun game to play . Although there is n't a whole lot of backstory in the manual , on the CD are pages of Japanese background in HTML format . The unusual controls may seem weird at first , but in no time you 'll be used to the turn based strategic map . Think Star Wars Rebellion except about 50 times better . You can send people on missions , send troops into provinces to take over , send out spies , ninja , and emmisaries , and whenever anything cool happens , there is an extremely high quality cool video waiting there to illustrate it for you . You can make and break treaties , fight wars with enemies on three different fronts while dealing with uprisings on recently conquered land and dealing with dutch traders at the same time.While on easy mode this game is easy , on harder modes it gets darn near impossible . But it 's also appreciable , because it 's fair . You watch the computers tactics , and realize that while it 's a tough system with good AI , it does n't cheat , and it is possible to beat . And believe me , this is one of those games where you really get a feeling of satisfaction once you 've beaten it.But it 's on the battlefield that this game really shines . You have thousands of troops . All of them are influenced by their skill and that of the general , by weather conditions , fatigue , morale , whether they 're defending or attacking . Choke points like bridges literally make it possible to hold off 300 enemies with 30 archers and 50 samurai . But when the archers run out of arrows , you 're screwed . The graphics are great , and you can try all kinds of tactics like flanking the enemy , or rushing down a hill at them , or all those cool things you 've wanted to try since seeing Gettysburg or Braveheart . And it works.This game is addictive , fun , informative , and slick . I definitely very highly recommend this game to everyone .
 I am a big fan of Kurosawa -LRB- Seven Samurai , Ran -RRB- . I have also read Shogun by Clavell as well as Musashi and Taiko by Yoshikawa . I even play the board game by Avalon Hill - Samurai Sword , previously known as Shogun -LRB- check it out on this site -RRB- . Of course , this is the period that the PC game Shogun
 As a resident of Japan , student of Japanese culture , language and history as well as a devout Kurasawa fan , this was the one game I 've been eagerly anticipating for almost a year.If you scroll through the many reviews presented here , you will find one complaint that everyone seems to agree on
 I 've played the demo , and it is astounding . This has to be the most realistic depiction of feudal Japanese warfare ever made . The visuals are staggering , and the ability to pan and fly around the battlefield is a godsend when one is trying to manage a thousand or so samurai . I eagerly await this game 's release . If you are a fan of the genre , this game is a simple inevitability . If you are a fan of AOE-type games , including Starcraft , C&C , etc , you will also be well-advised to get this game . It 's even reasonably priced !
 Their are times in any RTS game Junky life -LRB- do n't deny it -RRB- when you get frustrated . Frustrated with the lack of strategy needed to play , games like Z
 Electronic Arts ' games are usually strong in action and detailed graphics and Shogun
 This is probally the best RTS right now , and probally will be for a while . Basiclly , the idea of the game is simple ; try to take over Japan . But there 's a little twist to the game . Instead of being non-stop action killing like the Command and Counquer series , Shogun : Total War puts you in control of the people who live under your control , the training and research of your soldiers , and most importantly , how to defeat the enemy . Defeating the enemy in this game gets rather difficult . Sometimes you are faced with hundreds more enemy units than your own . Either way ... out numbered or equally as numbered ... You need the terrain for tactical advantages . For instance ; Spearmen move very slow thus making them excellent targets for your archers so you move the quicker archers back up onto high ground , and simply blow them away with hails and hails of arrows . Most of the units have greater advantages twords other units . Like the spearmen ; the cavalry have no chance against them . Cavalry have their great advatage over the archers , archers over spearmen . You can also `` Hide '' your soldiers in the woods . If the enemy has a lot of spearmen , and you have a lot of cavalry , you 'll want to hide some of the cacalry , making it look like they 've run away . This is bascilly where an army wins or looses . When you 've lured the enemy soldiers so they have their backs to your hiding troops , the ambush begins . Hundreds of cavalry come storming out of the trees , and WALLA!Victory is yours due to great planning and use of the terrain . This IS a must have game for all RTS fanatics ... or even those just being introduced to the RTS games .
 I played the demo for Shogun when it came out , and I could n't wait to play the entire game . I ordered it the day it came out and when I started the game I thought it would be everything I 'd hoped for . It was n't . First of all the manual was terrible . You have to more or less guess your way through the game . Half the stuff they write in the manual is n't even true.Secondly , the strategic part of the game is way too much like risk . Sure , you can send Ninja and Emissaries around , but mostly it 's just moving armies from one province to the next . It seemed to me like the Strategic part of the game was just tacked on to the tactical part of the game . A lot of the things you do will make no difference in the game . For instance , you make treaties all you want , but the computer still attacks you constantly . As far as I can tell , there is absolutely no penalty for breaking treaties . There are times when I 'm playing that I sign a ceasefire and the very next season the computer attacked me again . This happened for years
 Shogun is a nice game with great scenary , but it 's camera movement is terrible -LRB- you can make it move or look -RRB- . I always find myself looking at the units at eye level . The unit controls are good , complete with formations and marching speed . Overall this is a great game , but the camera controls can make and break a game , and I feel that it really hurt this one .
 An excellent combination of rts with a pretty fun turn-based game as well . The graphics will not dissappoint you . This is what I want to see them do with Age of Kings . It is more involved than point and destroy . Believe it or not , there is real strategy involved here !
 Great looking game , if you like battle management games this is for you.It is a good combo of turn-base and real-time game play , with a real short technology tree , and simple resource management ... If your looking for a game that can not be beaten in the first five days you have it , then this is it . A REALLY strong AI engine in this game just on normal level , and the coders did n't just beef it up with high tech and more man ... the damn thing is smart.Note
 What can I say - the game is simple but with nueances . Historical battles that took hours to fight you can resolve in 20-30 minutes . I think parts of it are overly mechanical - for example the fighting monks are always the toughest units - but in real life they were crushed by the Samurai . Yes , some fighting monks had great skill - however the bulk of their troops were not as well trained or disciplined . Also , the fact that you can just trade rice and get Samurai works as a game mechanic but it is n't really very historical . What makes me overlook those issues and a few others is that the end results feel right for the period . I read many books -LRB- many available here at Amazon -RRB- on Japanese history and this game gives a good feel . Also , the linear tactics in this game could easily be transfered over to Seven Years War and other similar games . Excellent game . I should note I played all the way through on Easy and I am going to do it again with the next level . I feel the game has great replay value .
 This is the best computer game I have played for at least three years . The battlefields are beautifully rendered , and the cut scenes , while brief , are some of the smoothest and best CGI animation yet produced for a game . But eye candy is the least of this game 's virtues . In addition to being a challenging strategy game , the developers made the dangerous marketing decision to produce a realistic historical simulation rather than just another hack-and-slash . They went for the quality product rather than the quick buck , and their gamble has paid off richly for gamers . Shogun 's strategic game is much like chess in that the system is simple , but its ramifications make for a complex , thought-provoking challenge . The tactical game is a marvel , and the player must make the best use of troop types , troop quality , ammunition , fatigue states , weapon and armor quality , weather effects , leadership factors , and the hilly terrain of Japan . And while every AI has a bad habit or two , Shogun 's is the best I have yet seen . It knows when it has an advantage , and capitalizes upon it . While the strategic map could be more informative , it is adequate , so if Shogun has a flaw it is that the manual 's coverage of the strategic side of the game leaves much to be desired . However , these are minor flaws in an otherwise superb product . Mastering Shogun will keep you highly entertained for a long , long time .
 This is just to disagree with Chow Dog 's review . * Every * Clan can win , even at the hardest -LRB- Expert -RRB- level , you just need to have a knowledge of your clan 's strengths and weaknesses . The Hojo and the Shimazu are , in my opinion , the easiest clans to play and win with , but there 's molto fun in the others . Brag
 this game is one of the best i have ever played . got it for christmas , installed it and played straight until 1 in the morning . i love asian culture , especially japanese . this is historically accurate strait to the names of the daiymos .
 This game as you should know is taking place in feudal japan . here are good things and bad thingsGOOD 1 . ninjas 2 . geishas 3 . a reaistic truth that alliances were made betwen daimyos and broken the next day 4 . graphics 5 . fun 6 . realistic battle happenings BAD 1 . unrealistic soldiers each clan really had its own helmets armor swords and decorations 2 . no ashigaru
 I could n't wait for this game to come out and by the time it finally arrived , my expectations were so high I anticipated that the real game would let me down . Nothing could be farther from the truth . The strategic elements are thrilling by themselves , but the FMV scenes and incredible battlefield elements make this game the best in its genre .
 this game is fun i have to admit but it is n't the greatest stratigy game i think they could have done better on the off the battle feild part it got a little repetitive . But there is a good side to it the GRAPHICS !! amazing 3D world land scapes and fight scenes are amazing with 1000 of men fighting to the death . and the different types of people is great that is why i gave it this score .
 The game looks very realistic . Although we can not have or choose a one strong general to lead the samurai , It is a good games . It has the real time strategy and the map strategy . Be sure you try the demos !
 Lets start out with me , a freckled american that likes rock in roll . But I am one of those guys that wishes he was japanese because of being so into Feudal Japan . The idea of samurais , ronin and the actual concept of keeping your family 's honor has always infactuated me and will always till the day I die . Once I heard that EA was releasing a game that would feed my unhealthy habits of wishing I was Asian I almost pooped my pants . This game delivers not only Feudal Japan as the base of the story but is based on a very fun board game entitled Shogun -LRB- which is now called Samurai Swords -RRB- which is like Risk or Axis and Allies . In this game you have the choice from I believe 7 or 8 clans which each have their own advantages and disadvantages so you much choose wisely . In this game you try to keep the population within your provinces happy while trying to earn the currency in the game -LRB- Koku -RRB- -LRB- Koku means :1 year supply of rice -RRB- -LRB- EX
 I played the demo for this game and I just have to say that this game rocks . It has awsome graphics and gameplay . A great game !
 Like most of the reviews you 've already seen I too have only explored the world of shogun via the demo . I consider myself a hardcore strategy gamer , playing great titles like Age of Empires II -LRB- I also recommend this game -RRB- . When I first heard EA was coming out with the game , it went right to the top of my wish list and I 've already pre-order it . Now I want to convince you how good this game is , and I 'm going to sum it up as best I can . Shogun Total War is taking the gaming world up a level much the way Final Fantasy did for Playstation . In most strategy games you will find that you can support up to 200 troops ... HEY ! not bad ... but why not 1000 ? Well in Shogun total war its more than that , and the armies are easy to raise , but for you new types I recommend you avoid playing this game online or through multiplayer for it is much to advanced for the average gamer . This is where my review takes a spin . The game is great but too hard unless you have TONS of experiance . The gameplay is horrible . I myself want to control 1000 troops with ease . The game is too hard to enjoy yourself and will bore the pants off of you in 3 days unless you play it with friends in multiplayer . Your best bet is to buy AGE OF EMPIRES 2 and then get the expansion pak for that which is just coming out . AOKII will make Shogun total war look like S *** . But if you like large bloody masacares , and have lots of experiance , then go buy it . Be warned you will not have fun unless you are beating your closest friend via the multiplayer ! So lets review ... This game is boring unless you play your friends , or are good at this type of game . The gameplay was rushed and is too hard to controll with ease . So purchase Age of Empires II the age of kings which is the better than this game . You can then buy the expansion for Age of Kings , thats double the fun . The only reason i 'm getting the game is because i 'll be playing it only with my friends . Do n't wast money on something too good to be true . I still will give the game five stars because it is impressive and features new stuff never seen before . Overall you 'll throw it away in a week max .
 This is a really good game . The graphics are very good , it doese n't lag up during the battle parts of the game , and the strategy section of the game is great . In addition , the battle area of the game is actually realistic , not like the fight to the death things of Starcraft , but it is realistic concerning how the battlefeild works . Buy this game , because it 's really worth it
 When I first bought this game I had my doubts but after playing I thank the gods on mighty Olympus for making me buy it . It is the most involving , fun , interesting game I have played in ages . After two days of playing Shogun Total War I wanted to become Japenese -LRB- but I did not -RRB- . I am now of to buy `` The Art Of War '' by `` Sun Tzu '' -LRB- There are many quotes from him in the game about war and I will now learn his teachings and put it into practice on the battlefield -RRB- . Also after playing the game you have always got a story to tell about your heroic battle and how about you survived four years in enemy lands and against all odds survived . This is a classic game just pick up any PC magazine and it will tell you so get off your chair and go out to buy Shogun Total War you will not be dissapointed .
 I really enjoy this game a lot . I got it today and I have been playing it non stop . Why give it 4 stars instead of 5 then ? Well , the game is pretty confusing and it is very hard to keep your men doing what you ordered them to do . For instance my army of 120 archers somehow got up and walked into the enemies musket shooter men . I was wiped out and lost . Do n't let this get you down . It really is a fun , realistic , and challenging game . It 's well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- .
 I had this game preordered for a long time . It was even better then the demo . The AI is amazing , Online is smooth , but requires a fast connection . Is it original ? No , but is has been done to perfection . Bugfree -LRB- sofar -RRB- and stable . Strong replay value . Highly strategic , very realisticly showing you the choas of warfare . An instant classic .
 As a fan of most RTS games out there , I was getting tired of the `` me-too '' RTS games set somewhere in the future . Several are fun to play but I was hoping someone would bring a new idea to the table . Shogun is a great example of adding a historic , and largely ignored , perspective to an RTS game . Shogun is very fun to play , even if it does n't get everything right . Shinobi and other non-combat pieces should have had a bigger role to play . I 'd like to see Shogun 's engine tried with other historic wars .
 I 've played so many tactical/strategies rts war games since D.U.N.E came out . The latest one is the Age of Empires II . As many other players I believed , we like to build up our army slowly from the start and then crushed the enemy phase by phase . However Shogun Total War does not really emphasize on this . It focused more on tacticals moves/formation to lead your massives troops into battlefield just like in most turn-based war games . One thing I like about this game , it allows you to do some espionage move on your enemy and sneak attack behind trees ! WOW ! Overall the game is kind of slow that could bored some of our fast paced gamers ! Excellent 3D view and storyline but horrible user interface . In addition to this , I would recommend you to read any of asia 's ancient tactical wars books if you like to win in this SHOGUN total war . Previous war games experiance is NOT ENOUGH ! I give 4 Stars for because it has difficult control buttons and it is not a very intresting single-player game . This is a multiplayer game - a huge one !
 When I was in grade school , I used to play the board game that this game is based off of . We would play for days , like those good ol' days on Axis and Allies . Now that I am an adult , it 's exciting to see this transform into an thrilling electronic version.EA has a great R&D team who put a lot of research into their game . Shogun not only has historical truthfulness , -LRB- accurate samaurai warfare down to the man to man scenario -RRB- but it 's 3-D engine rivals to that of Homeworld . For being a land view , it has awsome views of castles , lakes , forests even the army from afar . Then there 's the AI , the enemy learns your tactics and style of play so that it is prepared for you -LRB- even down to the individual soldier AI learns as well -RRB- You can even play multiplayer online or via email ! Asside from all the claims the British developer has made , what is it Really like?Well the game play is easy , armies at the click of a button , formation at the click of a button etc. . No more micro management of each soldier , how can you when a thousand men are slashing each other across your screen , of course you can zoom in and watch each one fight . Instead , you get to use what really counts , formations , strategic placement of armies , and ambushes . The background music is great , media always ups a game by A LOT . So if it 's media ya want , it 's media you 'll get with the animation scenes done in the stye of the director Akira K. Anyway , this game is massive , see for youself and download the demo ... or read all the reviews . I 'm Hooked ! I 'll be seeing ya in the battlefield online ! Good Luck
 This game is basically a combination of Myth and Age of Empires series . The graphics are quite impressive , and the characters movements are sharpe and fluent . The strategy is a little different to that of the games i just mentioned , because you have such a large amount of troops to control at one time , which to me is what makes this game so much fun . I did try out the beta version , and i am assuming that the final version will have numerous maps and terrain to wage war on , it should be a terrific game .
 This game gets my highest rating in the genre hands down , it 's a fine example of what a video game can do for you . Put you in a time place and setting you could not possible encounter in real life , and while it 's at it , you get to conquer a country one piece at a time using tactics , and battles . everything about this game screams wonderfulness if you like the genre , specificaly if you like fuedal Japan and strategy games , the graphics where impressive , the depth and immersion was right on , and everything about it told me I would be playing this game for months to come , and more than once at that ... as there are a number of clans to choose from . so this game is not the flaw ... the flaw is in the programming/design ... the coding ... this game is so unstable , in order to write this review and get what I did out of this game I had to reboot my computer once every ten minutes at best ! it crashed froze and short of killing my computer , did everything a game of this callibur should n't do . In a few words ... I was VEXED ! I was forced to uninstall this game from my computer and keep the disks in a safe place until I get a better system , and my system is not that dated at all , in fact I beat every requirement this game has for it . the problem ? this game has compatability issues that are not mentioned on the box , or documentation , even in the fine print . Electronic arts failed to test this game properly , and institute propper patches , and fixes . even the patches that are available , tend to make a difficult gaming experience worse , since for me the patches only made it so the game was unplayable since it crashed before I could even start the campaign . I have heard some rumors , and some facts , and it all boils down to bad coding and application of system rescourses . If you have a Voodo video card this game will likely frustrate you to tears , even with the final version of the now out of business 3DFX drivers . Whats more you ca n't control to much of a degree what form of hardware accelleration to use . and software mode runs slower than a dead walter hudson on most systems . if it even works . Electronic arts basically let down a large percentage of their customers on this title , not in the gameplay , graphics or other ways a game normaly fails , but in the worst example of a buggy game I have ever seen . I am no technowizard , but I do know a bit about computers , and trust me , if this game works on your computer , you are in the lucky 60 % -LRB- my own estimate , since it has n't worked on my friends older industry standard 2GIG processor , 2 gig RAM , demonic graphic rendering monster machine his father custom built for him so he could do special movie effects for the company he got hired into . and if it does n't work on his machine , given his technical experience etc , within three hours of system updates and trouble shooting , it wo n't work on most peoples PC 's -RRB- , this game is as picky about what system you are using as your cat can be about eating what you put in front of him/her . sometimes it works sometimes it does n't ... mostly does n't . Consdiering everything , I would say take the chance , if you like the genre , and the aspects mentioned about this game , if it does n't work just return it , and do n't even think about it . Me ? I am a hopeless romantic , and am gon na wait till I get a new computer , with all kinds of compatable hardware before I give this game another try and then decide to use it for ultimate ... frisbie . I love this game and it pains me to say all this ... I wan na play my game , one of my favs . but how can I ? anyway ! On a further note , after many hours of tearful frustration of rebooting , and sore knuckles from pounding my desk , icalled tech support at Electronic arts . They WHere helpful , so I tip my hat to them , but it was kind of funny , when I talked to the operator of the companies tech support line and mentioned what game I was having trouble with he sighed , and I could almost hear him mumble `` Oh boy ... another one ... '' somehow the 3DFX drivers , or direct x , or something about voodo , or even Geforce cards conflicts with this game . I do n't know what systems they play tested this game on , but it was n't one like a large amount of people have . This game was well made in the game aspect , but rushed on the race to put it on store shelves , rather than test it properly , and support it properly . money is the root of all evil I spose , second only to impatience ... so buy this game if your a tech wizard , are lucky , or have a nice system , and cross your fingers . As I said , I would personaly estimate 20 % -40 % of you wo n't be able to fight one battle before you computer locks up and you have to do a hard reboot ... -LRB- turn off the power without shutting down -RRB- hope this review helped somebody out there !
 I have played all Age of Empires series games , and always wished for more realism and control in combat . This game is perfect in that . Weather -LRB- wind , snow , rain . . -RRB- , terrain , flank attacks , surprise attacks , soldiers experience , morale , fatigue - it 's all there , the effects of all these variables are realistic , it 's all as it should be . If enemy is beaten - they will run , you can go after them . . The game is played in two basic screens - the map -LRB- where you manage economy , diplomacy , raise army and attack -RRB- and the 3D battle screen , where you fight.Battle experience is the best in RTS if you like realism . However , diplomacy and economic management is a little bit stale.Game has high replay value - you can play as one of 8 or so clans . Each clan has different advantages in the price of soldiers they can raise , but soldiers are the same -LRB- they are all Japanese , after all -RRB- . There are about 11 soldier unit types , each specialized , but none of them can be used alone . In that regard game is balanced very well.The game will require thinking from your part . AI is pretty good and will respond to your actions as well as human could -LRB- if not better -RRB- . The interface is very easy to use , camera moves perfectly -LRB- comparing to Black & White -RRB- . In summary - this is the best RTS game if you like tactics in combat , realism and historic accuracy . It is a game from general 's perspective .
 This is the first game that I can say replaces Lords of the Realm 2 . It mixes the turn-based overarching strategy of resource-management with the real-time tactical combat . The graphics are amazing -LRB- with my voodoo5 and Hitachi 814 21 ' monitor -RRB- and the music in battle is pretty cool.The only reason I did n't give this game 5 stars -LRB- and I play all the time -RRB- is that the alliance system offers nothing to the game . In Lords 2 , you could at least ask your ally to help you attack people . In Shogun the ally system basically consists of allying yourself with as many parties as possible , getting nothing from any of them , then attacking them/being attacked . There is no point to the current system . Please please add to this !! Other than that the game rules . The replayability is great -LRB- every 2-4 weeks I feel like beating it again -RRB- , especially because there are 4 difficulty settings that can make the game really intense .
 I am not a real fan of fuedal Japan , but I do enjoy RTS games , and Shogun is one of the best RTS games I have played . The graphics are excellent , and the sound is incredible . The Japanese score does the job getting you primed up for a `` braveheart '' like battle . Some flaws are the manual , or I should say a lack thereof . If you do buy this game , I reccomend the strategy guide , because it is extremely difficult past `` easy '' mode . Another thing I noticed is the AI in the game is frustrating . Sometimes your troops flee , and you have no control over it . Al-in-all , Shogun : Total War is a true winner , whether you like Feudal Japan or not .
 This game reminded me a lot of the ancient Milton Bradley title , `` Shogun '' -LRB- it later was renamed `` Samurai Swords '' for legal reasons -RRB- . The map is the same , with the little army and castle icons on the map . But I was pleased to see that the resemblance ended there . The graphics are simply breathtaking . The terrain is modeled perfectly on my system -LRB- a 500 MHz PIII -RRB- , and the troops look good even though they look like little more than ants . The tutorial is wonderful , allowing you to pretty much jump in after installing and not having to refer to the manual . This turns out to be an added benefit , because the manual has as much entertainment value as a Presidential debate . It 's all facts , no meat . This is a good thing , I suppose , but I like some added interest to my manuals , such as historical facts and some tips to get you started . It 's my understanding that the strategy guide that goes with this game is good in this regard , by filling in many of the holes that the game manual leaves behind . If you buy this game , you better have a lot of time on your hands for the Full Campaign mode . The game eats the clock like a starving man eats a hamburger . The first time I played it , I started at 8:00 pm and did n't look up until the sun shone through the windows . This last sentence is probably the highest praise I can give this game . I would have rated it five stars if not for the dull manual .
 I fell in love with Shogun
 I 've been enjoying shogun . I played The Romance of Three Kingdoms 1 through 6 -LRB- BTW , version 7 is coming out in July , 2000 in Japan . I am looking forward an English version soon . -RRB- and The Age of Emperors 2 . Obviously the Shogun is distinguishable among them . The epic-scale war appeals most to me . For an instance , the others do not have such an epic-scale warfare . You guys better get it if crazy about a strategy-type game . The sound also is awesome in the battlefield . The 3-D graphic and those movie scenes are very good to introduce you a realistic experience in a battle . But you know , sooneer or later , you will be bored with those movies since they are limited numbers in variety.Only one thing I do n't like so much is the lack of individual characters in there . I am interested in those Asian histories and read a several books about them -LRB- Chinese and Japanese -RRB- . So I wanted to see some man-to-man combat between generals in the battlefield as well as an epic-scale warfare . In that sense , I am waiting for Kessen -LRB- Sony Playstation2 game coming out this November in USA -RRB- . Overall , This game -LRB- Shogun -RRB- deserves five stars in comparison to the other existing games right now .
 I have played both the demo version of this game and the full version . This is a review of the full version which has only been commercially available since mid-June . It breathes life into the real time strategy genre by adding a unique environment -LRB- feudal Japan -RRB- . The designers have eschewed the use of unrealistic resource collection during battle in favor of a simple strategic campaign system to tie the battles together . One thing I would like to emphasize is that this game will appeal to people who enjoy playing miniature , historical wargames . Until now , most RTS games have been skirmish level in scale -LRB- notable exception being Microsoft 's Close Combat series -RRB- . We can now play battles that actually have realistic force levels . While the strategic game is very simple -LRB- think Risk -RRB- it does give a great backdrop to give meaning to the battles your troops fight . The hard core wargamer in me winces at the missed opportunity to add a detailed strategic layer though . The learning curve for control of units during battle was steep . The uniqueness of Japanese feudal combat is modelled as well as any I have seen in tabletop gaming . The strategy game retains the Japanese feel also . Shinobi play their spy roll historically . Ninja and Geisha even get a nod -LRB- I thought Ninja WERE Shinobi -RRB- as they pull strings behind the scenes . What really matters in the game is Koku ... he who manages his financial resources the best stands the best chance of winning the war if not the battle . The single player game is challenging though not addictive . The computer AI makes for a good though uninspired opponent . I have yet to play multi-player , and ca n't wait to try it out . My biggest complaint about the game is the horrible manual . I was sad to see that Shogun is following the trend in computer gaming where the true manual is published apart from the game . The manual that is included is too brief to show you how to play the game competently . Aparently , I have to plop down another $ 12 - $ 18 for the ` strategy guide ' to find that out . My kudos to the design team for making a great game . My only real disappointment with the title is the manual .
 This is the best game I have ever played . I have never seen a better mixture of graphics and gameplay in my many years of gaming . The storyline and truth to history is so wll thoughtout you will think you are actually there . The physics of the game allow you to have several hundred units on the feild at any given time and it does n't even tax your system . I would recomend this game to novice gamers or experianced RTS players . This game is the best I have ever seen . The interface is so simple to use that you will be kicking some butt as soon as you start playing . I could not and would not recomend anyother game higher than Shogun
 This game is the best ! Aside from the regular RTS/strategy style , building castles and gaining money to build and upgrade your troops , the best I love the most about this game is using your ninjas to assasinate the enemy and friendly generals of other clans . By completing a successful assasination , your ninja goes up in rank and he can kill more higher grade generals and eventually the other clan 's warlord ! If anyone has played Warcraft and the like , then they will find all that building resources and upgrading troops a breeze ; it is the same principle . But in this game , there are some clans that are specialized in certains that will be cheaper to produce and have a higher grade quality than the same type of troops of the other clan 's . This you will have to find out for yourself . I think the controlling your own troops in battle is fun especially when you can set them up into positions and then have them crash the opposing forces . The graphic are very fun to watch during the battle scene and also in the throne room when the other clan 's comes to you for alliances and traders come to trade with your clan .
 I have been playing Shogun for almost three weeks now . I 've read most of the reviews and will comment on some of the common themes and add my own review.Shogun is an RTS game , and it is done better than Gettysburg or the Close Combat Series . The battle segments are well done . I 've read that some people had issues controlling there troops . First , the company promo states that the troops will act independently at times . Troop management in a battle is chaotic at best . Lose your general and your troops will certainly rout.I have also read comments from people complaining about a lack of strategy guides . There is n't a lot in the manual , but the game DOES allow you to group troops and form them into one of 9 formations . Also , before you begin a battle as the attacker , right click on the leader icon for 7 different battle formations.Shogun is a combination of Risk and an RTS . In the strategic overview segment of the game , you build your empire by occupying provinces , building castles and other buildings to produce better troops . This takes time , and while some people complain that the economic element of the game is rather simplistic , it is still a challenge to build a large empire and equip it with quality troops.ECONOMIC STRATEGYI am in the middle of a campaign and there are only myself and another daimyo left . I was totally caught off guard by the quantity of his troops . I doubt I can hold him off . I thought I had prepared well , but he outnumbers me by at least 5 to 1 . It takes a lot of koku , and even more time , to build superior troops.The great decisions you will face are to wait and build more troops , or to take that neighboring province since the enemy general is rated poorly.And watch out for alliances . Yes , I have agreed to an alliance only to be betrayed the next turn . I have also had allies show up on the battle field and assist me in a battle . I also made the blunder of invading a province who was allied with a large army , who promptly attacked me . Be wary.BATTLE TACTICSIt will take a few battles to get use to using 16th century troops , but you do n't have to be a real general to figure it out . Attack enemy archers with heavy cavalry or sword bearing troops . Watch as 80 enemy archers disappear in a matter of minutes ! IF you have good troops , do n't be afraid of defending with less troops than the enemy . Archers can be dealt with severely.PROS AND CONSPROSThe game may be conceptually simple , but actually attempting to build a large empire with a great army is not easy . That simplicity makes the game easy to work with.The choice to have the computer solve a battle for you can save time , especially if you know your troops will win.The battles are fun , but battles with over 1,000 troops per side can be stressful to manage , use the pause button.Ever attempt a bridge crossing using 16th century troops . What a mess!CONSRebel troops will cause uprisings , but I have n't been able to create a rebellion in an enemy province , while my enemies have done so in my provinces.It can get tedious to fight the same battle on the same ground four turns in a row . But I 've seen that happen in other games.The manual has errors , but who actually READS a manual ? Trial and error is the only way . If you have a good grasp of tactics and strategy , you can win.You 'll need a ton of memory and a fast processor to play fast.OVERALL Sure , there are some areas where the game could be improved , but that 's the nature of all games . What you DO get is a game that gives you a large challenge , try to dominate Japan . YOU control your expansion as you expand into other provinces , YOU control what troops to build ; archers , cavalry , swordsmen , YOU control the quality of your troops and YOU control the battles . What more can a gamer want?Shogun , despite some minor flaws , does deliver a complete concept of a game which actually works . I 've played a lot of games and I doubt you 'll find a game that will keep you at the keyboard as long as Shogun will .
 I love feudal Japan . I 've been editor for a magazine on feudal Japan for over ten years , have made kimono , and love watching Japanese movies for hours and hours . I have the Shogun board game , and play that quite a bit . Since I review strategy games for BellaOnline.Com , it was a natural for me to buy Shogun
 I 've been a student of japanese martial - and cultural-history for over 20 years , and have seen many attempts to make a game like this , and bought most of them . the only other real ` success ' i 've seen was ` Shingen ' for the old 8-bit nintendo system . ` Shingen ' was a VERY nice piece of work for a turn-based game , but THIS ? This is truly an amazing piece of work ! Like everyone else , i 've only played the demo , but the demo prompted me to do something i 've never done before : pre-order the game ! the ` playfields ' are devastatingly beautiful , the troops are beautifully detailed and animated , and the donjon -LRB- castles -RRB- are downright gorgeous ! Also , all the pre-set troop formations look like the programmers read the same ancient battle-texts that i have . each and every formation i 've viewed on the game is exactly like what i had read about and seen diagrammed in the martial history texts . even the organization of soldier-movement during formation-changes is top-rate
 Shogun is a great game . This game is divided into two modes , the turn-based strategy mode -LRB- like Civilisation and Risk -RRB- and the real-time battle mode -LRB- like C&C and Ground Control . This is actually the first time that this mix succeeds in one excellent game . You have to choose from seven rival daimyos -LRB- warlords -RRB- and simply conquer all Japan . But the task set for you is not an easy one . This game is extremely challenging with a superlative AI unparalled by any strategy game . This is one of the first games that you have to use tactics to win , by force . The tactical AI is based on the teachings of the great ancient Chinese philosopher Sun Tzu and his book The Art Of War . So , the first hint anyone can give you on this game is to buy and read The Art Of War by Sun Tzu -LRB- available in all good bookshops or at amazon on the web -RRB- . Apply the rules and you 'll win . The strategy mode is played on a map of Japan with all the provinces and their wealth listed . You move your pieces -LRB- armies , emissaries , spies , ninjas , geishas , priests etc. -RRB- into the enemy province and control the empire like that . Now , when two armies clash on the same province you can choose to go to a full 3D environment to fight the battle yourself in fantastic real-time . Here you have to apply all Sun Tzu 's teachings and tactics in order to win . For the first time , numerical strength is n't that relevant . Tactics are far more important . The graphics are awesome and every unit has its own banner and armour all in eye-melting detail . This is the first game that has thousands of men fighting and dying at the same time in one battle . The sound is one of the strong points in the game and the English spoken is very appropriate with its Japanese dialect . The gameplay is smooth without glitches but I you have a low-end machine large battles can chug more than a little . Another great feature of Shogun is that it is recreated in the 100 % authentic Feudal Japan and all the names , provinces , castles , generals etc. are all true , and this gives the game a strong historical content . Shogun is a very complicated game and if I would immerge myself into detail I could write far more than a thousand words.PROS : Excellent graphics , sound , gameplay and strong historical content.It is recreated in 100 % authentic Feudal Japan.Tactics are vital for victory.CONS : The multiplayer modes are a bit complicated and unfinished . -LRB- but excellent all the same ! -RRB- Large battles -LRB- 1000 's of men ! -RRB- can chug more than a little.Shogun IS Total War .
 Comparing Shogun with the other dominant brand of strategy war games recently -LRB- i.e. Warcraft and all of its numerous copycats , e.g. Age of Empires , StarCraft , Command & Conquer , etc. -RRB- brings to mind the old Sesame Street ditty `` One of these things is not like the others , one of these things just is n't the same ... '' If you 're tired of games whose battle and strategy mechanics are exactly the same and merely differ on the setting and names of units then Shogun is the game for you . This is the best combination of battlefield tactics and campaign level strategy I 've seen in a long time . Shogun is a truly unique game in a genre that has been sadly complacent for the past few years . And the best part about Shogun is that while these other games focus on improved graphics at the expense of originality , Shogun retains both.Just a brief list of the highlights of Shogun :1 -RRB- The 3D graphics are incredible . The battlefields look real , complete with mist , fog , snow , rain , and changing light levels . Also , each unit has graphics for each individual soldier and , while you direct them as units , you get to watch each individual fight .2 -RRB- The battles rely more on tactics , including use of terrain and weather , than on numerical strength . You actually have to be a good general , you ca n't just rely on a superior force to pound the enemy into submission . I 've won -LRB- and lost -RRB- battles where the numberical advantage was at least 5/1 .3 -RRB- The strategy component is just as important as the battles . You can negotiate treaties , develop your provinces ' economies , choose your realm 's religion , and send assassin ninjas to take out your rivals ' heirs and top generals . And its all turn based so you can take your time planning.My only complaint was that the strategy part could have been made even more complex . Rice is the only possible harvest for a province and all income is based only on trade , mining , and rice production . Also the diplomacy is rather simplistic . You can be `` at war '' , `` neutral '' , or `` allied '' but thats it.If you want a strategy game that stands apart from the rest go with Shogun .
 This game is great . It runs along lines similar to the games Myth
 Alright , let me first say this
 Shogun
 Shogun Total War - Well what do i think of the Game ? Well I gave it Five stars so obviously I think it is great . This RTS game will be the best game available of its kind on the market for a while to come . If you are not the sort of person that gets thrills out of commanding vast Samurai Armies in what is essentially mass slaughter , then do n't even think about purchasing this game . The game requires a great deal of thought , whether it be , do I attack or not ? should I assasinate him or leave it for fear of being caught ? Should I build a Sword Dojo or a Horse Dojo ? What will benefit me in the future ? These sorts of choices may sound a little stupid , but they are exactly what one will be thinking . The game provides four levels of difficulty , each substantially different from the other , however one will obviously not experience the true art of playing Shogun in a serious and involving way unless they play at the herdest of levels . Only then can one expect the levels of realism in battle and in the economic struggle to be truely realistic . The two levels of play -LRB- that being the overall turn based strategic map , and the real time battles -RRB- have been well amalgamated , without making the game too tricky , or for that matter too simple . The game on the overall strategic level is indeed very simple -LRB- When I say simple I mean simple to understand -RRB- . Units are moved between provinces by a simple click and drag process . The quality of the fighting force you can put in the field will depend highly on the strength and quality of your economy . Upgrades and improvements are constantly available . Oh decisions , decisions ! On the RTS side of things the game is perfect . Everything about the battle simulations will make you want to fight more and more of them.The exceptionaly presented environment with climate hazzards ranging from Fog to Snow one could not ask for anything more real . With thousands of accuratley presented Samurai , ranging from No-Dachi Samurai -LRB- Double handed swordsman -RRB- to Heavy Cavalry , from Warrior Monks to Musketeers one has a trully amazing choice of . The trade with the foreign barbarians -LRB- The Dutch and The Portugese -RRB- bringing guns and new technology , whether you except their help is up to you , however do not expect you people to approve of your Christianic ways . Well from reading this review I hope I can convince those strategists of you to purchase this game . Shogun Total War is certinately the best game of the year , and is certainatly the best RTS game ever . `` Easy to Learn , Hard to Master ''
 Shogun
 For Any of you who have played the board game risk Shogun total war is like a way better and improved version of that game -LRB- except this game has Samurai soldiers instead of game pieces -RRB- . My parents had trouble for me too go to schoolwith this one but after i beat it with all the levels i got over it.But i still cant get enough of it I recomend this one to a strategist who has a lot of free time .
 If you dont have this game and you like games like romance of the three kingdoms , you are missing out . Its not easy , but its really fun . I did end up beating it five times , but all on normal difficulty -LRB- easiest , easy , normal , hard , hardest -RRB- , it was still hard , and i ` am good at these games . Its the best one player strategy game . MUST BUY
 My red-eyes and coffee stains confirm my late nights and fun with this game . I really got hooked on turn-based games after playing Civilation II a few years ago , because they challenge to player to balance scarce resources with an evolving AI society that feeds the virtual-god-complex in all of us . `` Shogun
 First of all I do not think this is a game . It is an incarnation of reality , a trip to another era , a voyage to the past . It is amazing what happened to me . I am a history buff and I read a lot about the Sengoku period in Japan . I was amazed with the feats of Takeda Shingen and the qualities of Uesugi khensin , the collapse of the Ashikaga shogunate and the rise of the Daimyos -LRB- I read about five books about this era -RRB- . I am not the game type since I am 34 years old and a professional . However I did play Age of Empires which lasted for three weeks.When I bought Shogun and I played several times I became so addicted that I would go to work in the morning thinking of strategies to get back to the Takeda clan which beat the hell out of me the day before . I am thinking I should have stayed away from that crest , I should not have mobilized the archers so early , I should occupied that hill earlier on , and my God I should had moved the cavalry earlier for an encircling move . I did not and I was beaten badly ; and if things start to get sideways you need to put a lot of effort to convince your ashigaru to fight.In the beginning , I regarded this package as a game and I would move around without paying much attention . Now when i go out to the battlefield or when I make a strategic move I look around me twice , and three times and four times and five times and then I look again because the other guy is more than obliged to take advantage of any misteps.Both strategy and tactics are of course tremendously important and it takes me a lot of time -LRB- several days a few hours a day -RRB- to finish a game if it does not finishes me first.Buy it , but be careful ! It is very addictive and before long you will start thinking like a Daimyo !!
 Shogun is a game of strategic warfare and politics . You have to use strategy in order to become Shogun of all Japan . You must gain resources like koku and oda . Command thousands of troops instead of peuny hundreds . If you are a PC gamer that likes srategy and warfare , Shogun 's the game for you .
 I ADMIT , THE FIRST PART OF THE GAME IS A LITTLE SLOW , BUT ONCE YOU GET GOING , YOU CA N'T STOP . MANY REALISTIC UNITS , EACH WITH STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES TO OTHER UNITS . HOUNOR LEVELS DETERMINE HOW UNITS FIGHT . ALSO , IF YOU BEAT IT WITH ONE CLAN , THERE ARE SIX MORE , AND FOUR DIFFICULTY SETTINGS TO CHOSE FROM . THE MANUEL STINKS , BUT THE THE GRAPHICS MAKE UP FOR IT . I CA N'T MAKE YOU BUY IT , BUT YOU SHOULD . I DO N'T KNOW ABOUT THE NEW ONE THAT IS COMING OUT , BUT FROM WHAT IT SAYS , IT IS THE SAME ONLY WITH EXPASIONS ADDED ON . TRY THAT .
 The detail of the battles is incredible . When your archers fire , you see the arrows , you see them nock a new arrow , and you see them draw the bowstring back . And when you put your gunners in ranks of three , they fire in rotation . Marching troops actually march , they do n't just glide across the screen . The variety and fluid motion of the camera angles accentuates astounding vistas that the armies fight on . The strategy portion of the game is not overly complicated allowing for a bit of a break after a hectic battle . My only real complaint is that the manual was not well written . It 'll tell you how to move the camera and the basic commands , but you need to pick up the strategy guide to figure out how to really play the game .
 EA has struck a balance , which many games have tried , between the strategic and the tactical . The strategic game is loaded with dipolomacy , and grand management of your resources and men . The tactical battles , played in real time on a beautiful 3D world , gives the feel of commanding an army from horse back with all the benefits and troubles that come along with that!This game is a high end demand on CPU speed and graphics , but one of those games that drives us to upgrade!Would like to see other games on the same model -- Napoleanics , Revolutionary & Civil War!Can ' t wait for the expansion/update !
 All I can say about Shogun is that this game is pure strategic excellence . People say this game is a mix between Civ2 and C&C , but in my eyes its in its own league . Its like Civ2 , to a point , but thats the boring bit where you send your forces to battle and watch silly bars go down when your getting beaten or winning . In Shogun , these bars are yours . Like Civ2 the enemy moves its piece on your square and you think hey , what the ** , you cant do that !! So what do you do , you wan na fight , then you 've got it . This is where you take control !! Picture this ... . you have a poxy army of about 500 men , and your facing a strong force of 1500 men . You think ... . what chance have I got , lets retreat , but wait , you are behind a bridge over a major river and you have plenty of archers . So you settle your archers to cover the bridge with your spearmen behind but then ... . Here comes their cavalry , they have reached the bridge , but you have already set your archers to cover the bridge and as the cavalry crosses your archers are having a devastating effect . The cavalry is wavering , send forth your spearmen , but they retreat in fear ... . get the picture ??? For once in a RTS you are in control and the outcome is up to you . Take my advice , go and buy it , its a new experience and the future of wargames . Even Earth 2150 does not come even close to this masterpiece .
 The only thing I dont like about this game is the lack of most commands like charge or retreat.In other words its a great game !
 I have played a few strategy games and many tactical games and this one is the best of both . The game designers made a ferocious AI -LRB- though you can learn to beat it after a few months -RRB- and really attempted to simulate large scale battles in ancient Japan . The game focuses on combat so you do not have to waste time gathering resources.There are only a few games worth playing over and over again and this is one .
 Shogun is a great game . Its mix of turn-based strategy and real-time strategy is unparalleled . Do you like Civilization ? Do you like C&C ? So you 'll adore Shogun . The two faces of Shogun
 Shogun
 This game is fantastic . I normally never played computer games before until one of my best friends showed me this game . At first I found it boring yet interesting . But later I started getting really into it , to the point that I HAD to buy it . Now I have been playing the game for months , and the game has great grafics and wonderful battle scenes . The multiplayer format is good but it needs a little work . Now , even my brother wants to play it like I do , and we get in fights over who 's allowd to play next . It 's a fantastic game and if you have n't bought it yet , you really need to .
 first of all shogun total war is an awesome game . It is amazeingly addictive and sucks away hours of your life . From the beginning of the game and to the multiplayer mayhem it is a great game . The interface is both good for beginnners and enhanced for veterans of strategy . I only have gotten a limited version with 4 levels but i will be the first in line at the stores when it comes out
 I like the history of Japan a lot and grabs anything that has something to do with it . I played a lot of games , mostly strategy games and mostly RTS -LRB- real time strategy -RRB- games . I always looked out for an game about the history of Japan , but the closest I got was Age of Empires 2 and that was n't actually focused on Japan . But when I heard about the new game called Shogun
 Second C & C game expansion pack , I love Tiberian Sun so this was nicePut this in my collection , you should to .
 Control air , sea and underground units . Play at multiple levels . Very fast paced.You must earn money , build a base , defend the base and attack your opponents . You have to pay attention or lose.Westwood did a great job with this series of games until you hit &#34; Generals &#34; . If you like this you will have to get &#34; Yuri &#34; .
 The Solo Missions could have been better in the begging , but with all of the new units there are thousands of new tactial oppertuties . I never liked their random map genator but it comes with better new maps -LRB- to bad there was no RAshowdown clone map -RRB- . With all the new units you can sneak up on the your foe and bomb them with juggernauts and arterially in time to bring in the main units . I could talk on forever about my new stragadies . Buy this game for the multiplayer not for the solo missions .
 Time and time again , the Command & Conquer series keeps getting better and better . And Firestorm does not disappoint . The only slightly disappointing thing was the units which I did n't think were that great -LRB- you hardly ever got to use them except for the Juggernaut and it 's aim was poor -RRB- . The missions and the story were both very good , especially the last mission for GDI . It was very tough to get started with missile launches and units continually attacking you , and once you met the objective , the towering -LRB- and I do mean towering -RRB- robot you had to fight was super cool . And you were n't done with that mission even after you destroyed the robot . If you have Tiberian Sun , Get this expansion pack , you will not be disappointed .
 Technology toady in graphics and animation are incredible the only sad part is westwood does not take advantage of that . However i dont care i still think this game is awesome but Diablo II might beat it in the graphics department.Oh yeah this firestorm thing is cool for the internet mainly .
 I think Tiberian Sun Firestorm is one of the most creative add-ons available . There is no other real-time strategy comparison !
 I just love all the new tactics you can now use with all the new units . This pack made me change all my fighting strategies . I love this expansion , its an expansion I wish they had to begin with . GDI now has long range weapons , and the Nod now get some more fierce items to use . I have to say , the Firestorm experience is n't complete unless you get this expansion . It also build on to the story of this series . This is part II of the normal command and conquer games -LRB- Tiberian dawn , Tiberian sun , and soon to come Tiberian Twilight -LSB- I think -RSB- -RRB- .
 I do n't have the Firestorm Expansion but I do have the original game . If you think the computer is pathetic try level two instead of bein ' a wuss . They Really put up a fight -LRB- usually -RRB- . Or even better try it on the internet its a blast . Everybody on there is pretty good and you 'll usually lose.-the ten year old
 When I bought Firestorm I was expecting a normal expansion pack - few new units , maps etc. . But once I started playing I realized that there was much more to it than that.The biggest improvment over Tiberian Sun is story . The story is much more interesting and although the in game movies suck it dose n't matter because most of the plot twists are in-game anyways . Special units have been created just for one part in the story , such as a huge robot , which is a nice touch.Although the music is being sold as faster paced and more like Red Alert it 's pretty much more of the same . Graphics also do n't change too much.The new units are pretty cool but the Reaper is the only one that I really liked , unfortunatly you can only use it in Multiplayer . The new Juggernaut artilery unit is alright but it ca n't really aim that well and the Nod Art . unit is still superior in my mind.All in all Firestorm makes Tiberian Sun a much better game and if you already have TS then by all means buy Firestorm .
 Okay , I have only 1,000 words , but I want to write as an extensive review as possible . It 's very rare that you see an extensive review on sites like this . In my personal opinion , Firestorm manages to parallel or go beyond any add on for ANY game that has yet hit the gaming industry . With new missions , TONS of new and balancing units , and an excellent plot , Firestorm sets the standards . It 's going to be difficult to capture the full spectrum of this product in 1,000 words , but here we go . To start off , we 'll go for GDI units . First we have the Juggernaut
 As soon as you get over the fact that the graphics have n't changed much you love this game . The story line is great , the new units are fun and creative and allow for great tactical missions . The one major flaw of the original TS was the mission balance ... they have balanced out the missions emensley ; none are to hard , yet none are to easy . A must buy for any Tiberian Sun owner .
 If you are reading this review you probably loved Tiberium Sun and are thinking of getting the expansion pack.For an expansion pack this game does not dissapoint ! If you can look past the game 's advanced difficulty you will have a heck of a time.Though it ca n't compete with Red AlertII or Renegade , this is one of the best games Command and Conquer has to offer.I picked up this game about 3 or 4 years ago and I have not put it down!I would recomend this game to any fan of R.T.S 's or if you like watching inocent civillians getting mutated and tibarium monsters wiping out entire cities on enoying `` guard the city '' levels.The new units are cool and all but they do little to make the game more interesting.But man ! does the game have replay value ! Just like Tiberium Sun , Firestorm has an infinite number of ways to complete the level , and sometimes its fun just to build the biggest base possible.I 'm sure you will love this game!I got all my friends hooked on it and now they own almost all the Command and Conquer games!I hope you enjoy this game as much as I do .
 The Command and Conquer saga has been running for a while and occasionally starts to show its age . This expansion pack , though not revolutionary , provides some additional depth and strength to balance out Tiberian Sun effectively . NOD players will love the new spider-cyborg , and GDI finally gets a worthwhile artillery unit with the Juggernaut . Enough new units , twists , and tactics to give the game a different spin -LRB- also , some of the more outrageous effects from the initial game are turned down - NOD artillery is now a little more `` under control '' -RRB- . Better balanced game , and very good if you enjoy the C&C genre .
 I must say C&C has done the best work i had ever seen it do on any game . I love all the new units and new objects that you have to beet . They equally balance out each side -LRB- GDI or NOD -RRB- . The new units are very cool and geared up with powerful weapons . Hopfully they will creat another Command and Conquer game so me and other millions of people can play them .
 This is a great game regardless of what the critics say . Everyone seems to be jumping on the 3D bandwagon . The interface is so easy to use any one can play this game . The units are improved with increased capabilities . Do n't forget that this game has a committed fan base that continue to make it a success .
 This expansion pack adds tremedously to the legacy that is Command & Conquer . Not only is it the most advanced and in-depth expasion pack ever , it also puts the player in the game like no other add-on in existance . Tiberian Sun and Firestorm have to be the pinnacle of Westwood 's Real Time Strategy gaming history . The new units kick *** , the missions rock , and the online multiplayer gaming is astounding ! If you love RTS games then you have to buy C&C
 C&C
 When I got it , I `` plugged '' it in and watched the magic . It is a vast improvement for GDI , because now they have artillery units -LRB- Juggernauts -RRB- making it a bit more equal on both sides -LRB- GDI -LSB- good -RSB- and NOD -LSB- bad -RSB- -RRB- . The missions are by far better than Tiberian Sun , making this a most enjoyable game . If you feel lucky , you might want to try the World Domination Tour . I tried it and boy is the CPU hard.GDI has awesome new units like a Mobile EMP , Mobile War Factory , and Drop Pod Control Plug for on the Upgrade Center.NOD has new units too , but not as exciting as GDI 's . They include a Mobile Stealth Generator , Fist of Nod -LRB- MWF -RRB- , and my favorite , the Cyborg Reaper .
 I think you folks are too picky about the small stuff , this game is great.Yes , the load times are long , and the frame rate suffers once in awhile , but the music is great , the levels , locations and the weapons are well crafted , and the story is fun ! I also though that the movielike cutscenes moved the plot along quite well , definitely giving it more of a movielike feel.Reminds me a bit of Blackhawk Down meets The Peacemaker ... When actually playing the game , I thought it was a real rush!I personally liked it more than Rainbox Six Three . I think it deserves much better than it 's gotten in the reviews so far.If you are lookng for a more action based FPS game I suggest giving this one a try , it 's a while until Halo 2 comes out , this is definitely keeping my attention until then .
 This game may not be the best thing that ever happened to xbox , but it 's certainly worth owning . I just got it the other day and so far I am quite satisfied with it . It has excellent graphics and sound . It 's also a First-Person Shooter . I just ca n't figure out what these other reviewers hate about it so much . The AI is n't that bad , you 're teammates do kill some people . And , for the record , it has GREAT !! multiplayer . I might not would pay $ 50 for it but if you have $ 30 or $ 35 bucks that you want to spend on a fun army game , I would strongly consider this .
 Whatever my expectations were of this game , they were completely thrown in my face as I got something else . Shadow Ops is not your typical FPS , which is just the way I like it . Shadow Ops takes you and places you in some of the most hellish combat zones a console game can take you.While Halo is probably more intense , you 're more focused on surviving in Shadow Ops meaning your attention is almost always focused on just making it . In the urban combat levels there are quite literally a dozen things , noises , explosions and misc elements going about to distract you from keeping an eye on your surroundings.I must admit , the story is almost laughable had I not read the Red Mercury novel back in the 1990s . You are Frank Hayden , a Delta Operator that looks , sounds and acts just like Frank Castle aka the Punisher , which is just plain weird . There is a romance twist and it rather lame if not annoying at times ; just ignore it.The controls are fair , nothing special or too complicated . The leaning function makes cover and concealment much easier and realistic compared to most games . Shadow Ops really stresses cover/concealment and alertness almost to the extreme . To survive even the first level on the easiest setting , you have to watch literally every nook and cranny less some tango will appear out of nowhere and cheap-shot ya or pull a Forrest Gump and nail you in the real.The musical score is absolutely incredible and with surround sound , the music and sounds will emerse you into the most hellish combat zones the XBox can offer . I get a huge kick out of hearing bullets literally whizz by my head or hearing teammates yell from behind . Watching the making of special features , it is absolutely amazing how they got the sounds to work.The only real beefs I have are your fellow teammates ; they are completely worthless and are extremely whiny . You 're supposed to be a Captain , a company grade officer and you 're being given orders by a compulsive Master Sergeant ... somehow that does n't make any sense . They also tend to not hit the enemies in the area , they 're accuracy is almost at par with the A-Team . For what they 're worth , they certainly do whine a lot.Overall , I give Shadow Ops a 93 % .
 This is the single best military shooter to date.Reason number one
 I remember that this game was released to semi good to bad reviews . Myself , I enjoyed every heart pounding moment of this title . The weapons that you get to choose from are standard issue for such a covert op . The game was received at my house extremely fast after my order placed and I would be more than happy to conduct business with this seller again .
 The best FPS I own ! Great graphics and gameplay . Just the right amount of difficulty , and you can get through the levels without playing them 20 times in a row ! I definately recommend this !
 This game is Ghost Recon , Conflict Desert Storm , and Syphon Filter put together.In case you have n't played any of those games there pretty good . Especially put together . It 's got aweseome graphics and that machine is really kick butt.This game is definatly worth playing.Except the terrorist are to easy to kill unless there 's alot of thim . Have fun .
 This is a fun game with all styles of fighting.You play in the jungle , the streets , the mountains in the snow , and inside buildings.Your name is Frank Hayden.The leader of an elite group of soildiers.You and your team are trying to take a nuclear bomb out of the hands of terrorists who could kill millions of americans in minuites.Just to give an idea of its power it has 10 times the power of Heroshima.Hope you have fun because I sure did .
 I have really liked this game . The AI is hit or miss . Sometimes the enemys are very difficult , and sometimes they 're stupid . Overall the graphics and gameplay are very good . I liked it much more than Rainbow 6 .
 This game is full of fun , great weapons
 I bought this game here on amazon and only spent $ 1.38 + shipping . I did not expect much for that price and when it arrived I did n't even play it for a few days . Once I finally played it I was shocked at how underrated it is . This is actually a fun game . Very fun . It reminds me of Rainbow Six , but way better . The graphics are good and the game play is smooth . It has the right realistic and arcade blend to make it a great game . Example , you can take a few good hits but you have to always be watchfull . If someone gets behind you then you are in serious trouble.The weapons look great and you can kill enemies with only a few shots . The designers also took time on the sound portion of the game . The guns have a good sound when firing and when reloading . The enemy shots flutuate in volume depending on how close they are to you . Countless games have messed that part up.I have no idea why this game is so inexpensive . For the price , I feel like it is safe to say that this is the best pound for pound value on amazon . It is well worth the money .
 The reason I gave this game 5 stars was that I felt that a ranking of 3 stars was not fair . This game is not the slickest or technically best game out there , but it comes together overall to definitely be a great game . It is a great FPS shooter that feels like your in a movie . It does have some flaws -LRB- slow load times , slow frame rates in some areas -RRB- but these are offset by the awesome story line and cinematics which make for an intense experience . Do n't let the reviews of some game techie who is totally engrossed with the technical aspects ruin this fun game . Give it a rent , then make up your mind .
 The best thing about Shadow Ops is the movie style sounds and graphics . Feel like you 're in a movie , more so than any game I 've experienced before and worth the money for that alone.Gameplay is pretty good with a mix of missions , I keep running out of ammo as anothe rreviewer mentioned , but i think that might be me being too trigger happy - need to apply some more strategy !
 Admittedly I have n't played a baseball game for quite a few years -LRB- since probably Hardball 5 ? -RRB- , but having bought Triple Play 2001 for my PC I was very impressed.It is easy to learn in the Beginners mode and becomes more challenging thereafter . There is a wide variety of options , including single games , a season and of course the home run derby.The graphics are excellent , with each of the stadiums I have been to in rl being faithfully represented . The marquis players are represented quite well both facially and in their batting styles , and the graphics during gameplay are very smooth . The trading system is quite good , and although I have n't done it myself , I know some of my friends would LOVE the ability to perform a complete league draft.There are only a few minor criticisms I would level . * The pitchers tend not to throw many balls , and drawing a walk is quite difficult . * The starting pitchers get tired too quickly , about 60 pitches and you are more or less done . * I say about because unfortunately some stats I consider important are missing , especially while playing a game , such as a pitch count for instance . Having the ability to see a standard box score during a game would have been a good idea for me . * Errors are strangely incorporated . With errors on , I will see 4 or 5 in one game , and then wo n't see another error for 10 games or so , I would have preferred a little more regular than they are.But all that aside , I have spent probably several hundred hours playing this game and am yet to tire of it ... If you like baseball and baseball games , get it , for me it has proven money well spent !
 In a word , `` Triple Play 2001 '' is superb . For ease of play , features , and graphics quality , there is no finer baseball simulation available . When I first began using TP 2001 , it appeared to be only a minor upgrade to last year 's `` Triple Play 2000 ; '' however , once I started playing it regularly , it became very evident to me that EA Sports had made some pretty extensive enhancements , and had done so without sacrificing playability or speed with increased system requirements.Some of the more notable improvements to TP 2001 include
 I would highly recomend Triple Play 2001 to sports lovers everywhere . Although they do n't have Griffey Jr. on the Reds , you can download a roster patch on the EA Sports web site soon . This game has great graphics , including realistic details in the parks and the uniforms . Triple Play 's rival MLB 2001 uses ploygons , which gives it a more box shape . Triple Play has many great modes and overall I will give it a five star rating .
 The PC version of this game has improved dramatically as the players have faces and team logos on their helmets and hats . I 'm also glad that EA Sports included alternate road uniforms , e.g. Mets black road jerseys and Blue Jays Blue road jerseys -RRB- . I only wish that users can choose their uniforms , e.g. NHL 2000 . Big League Challenge is a nice addition to the game . It 's a perfect PC game as it utilitizes the mouse for batting and fielding .
 This years version of Triple Play 2001 is the best available baseball game for the PC . It is better then High Heat baseball by a lot , as Heat is simply boring . The online play in TP2k1 makes the game worth getting . Even with a 56k modem it is still easy and fun to play online . This game captures the feeling of the majors better than any other game .
 A terrific game . In its `` Rookie '' mode it 's easy to learn and play for beginners ; in more advanced modes it 's realistically challenging . The graphics are excellent and the action is realistic . Players can be traded or drafted for fantasy play , and there is a program by which one can enter themselves as a player with a scanned photo . Five stars all around .
 Triple Play 2001 , like all Triple Plays before it , is amazing . I recommend the PC version over the Playstation version because the PC version actually has a more accurate and up to date roster . Also , if you own the PC version , EA Sports website offers a free patch sometime in late April or early June , that you can download and update the rosters to make them even more accurate . If you can choose between the PC or Playstation versions , get the PC version . Much , much more entertaining .
 This game has very good graphics , but seem to be tooanimated . Microsoft Baseball 2001 has it all over this game in termsof realism . However , this game is quite entertaining and addictive . Home run tournaments with Babe Ruth and Mark McGwire are fun . . The only work this game needs is stadium graphics . A fun game , but still needs a little more work .
 I have experieced that TP2001 is a great game . I have TP97-2001 , it seems that 2001 is the best version there is . However , there are some flaws . The baserunning is difficult . Almost impossible . The computer seems to throw at the base all day . In one game , the computer threw 28 times in a row to first base . What kind of system error is that ? Another one is that you can not advance just the first base runner , when you have a guy at third . For some reason , the runner on third will come home . Hmm ... another error ? Well , on the bright side , the game graphics and the hitting stands are nice . Major improvement from 2000 version.Disappointment
 I see all these reviews where people are criticizing this game . This is BY FAR the best PC baseball game ever made . The graphics are exellent , and you really get interactive with it . This game is really easy to work with and is the best of all the triple play games ever made . EA Sports created something really good . Perfect to own !!!!!!
 Triple Play 2000 is an exciting game . It has good graphics with good gameplay . If you are looking for a more REALISTIC game then I say get Microsoft Baseball 2001 . It has all the ways of gameplay that can make anyone appreciate the game .
 Well , i played this game for quite a long time now and i steal think it 's great but the only thing that i do n't like here is whan you got all the rewards you can get an inside the park homerun by bunting ! the only thing that could make this game batter is harder levels .
 this game is the best yet better than all the other triple play games and others i own all triple play games except 96 & 97 get this great game
 People who have this for the PC i need help . In order to install it you need that code on the back of the box and i threw it out . can someone tell me their code so i can play this game thx
 This should be the best baseball game for this year and for the triple play series . I 'm a cubs fan and high heat has sammy , but i played it and it bombed big time . Triple Play is the most exciting game because of it 's pitching and hitting modes and now that it 's got Babe Ruth I would n't choose any other game .
 This game is the best ! But now TPB will overtake it . But it can , TPB is just the 2002 edition of this game . If u want to get this game , get it i cant stop you , but for a newer game get TPB . I am not saying the TP2K1 is bad , but TPB is better because it is better , so if you like to have up-to-date things get TPB !!! Translations ! TPB = Triple Play Baseball TP2K1 = Triple Play 2001 -LRB- thought that might be helpful ! -RRB-
 Ok guys i will make this short . If your looking for a baseball game i recomend to get this one because the only bad thing here is once you have all the rewards it gets easyer but if your a starter i realy think you should get this .
 Buy this game . If you 're interested in this sport , then definitely this is a must have . However , if your interest lies more in just burning rubber on a Ducati right after you install this game , well ... think again . This game is all too real . Even downgrading the realism level of this game , it 'll still put up a challenge.Physics of the superbikes are very real . From braking to accelerating , you 'll feel the bike heave and lurch as you apply power . Perfect timing on your turns on the real world tracks in this game is the key to winning the races.AI is awesome ! Smart computer bikers will try to pound your sides and battle every inch of space to get in the lead.Graphics
 The original Superbike WC was an outstanding simulation with a couple of significant flaws . The new S2000 has eliminated my two biggest gripes about the original . Now you do n't automatically fall every time you touch a wheel to the grass ; only when the bike is leaning . Also the annoying -LRB- and race ruining -RRB- fist shaking at other riders is now an option . These two improvements alone make S2000 much more realistic than the original . The best addition to the game is the new replay mode which kicks on when you hit escape . You can replay a lot of laps from a lot of different camera angles . And it 's on in every part of the race session , from practice to the races . The only complaint I have about the whole sim is that the telemetry function from the original has been eliminated in favor of the improved replay mode . Otherwise I would give it 6 stars !
 First of all if your interested enough in this game to read this BUY IT ! You wo n't be disapointed . Secondly I have played it for over 6 months and am still not sick of it -LRB- how many games can u say that about -RRB- . The graphics are the most tremendous I 've seen ! Thirdly , there is a steep learning curve . If u expect to boot up and race to 1st place immediatly FORGET IT ! But then this is what gives it such great replay value . I doubt anyone could just jump on a Superbike and race with the pro 's , and at first this game lets u know that . But as u get used to the controls and how to setup your bike , it makes for some GREAT races . All the real tracks and riders are present . Do n't get me wrong , even if your just a casual player you will enjoy it -LRB- I have a friend with a 5 year old who loves it -RRB- . Its just it takes some practice , you cant just steer haphazardly around the track like most racing games and expect to win . As with any game there are small flaws but with this game WHO CARES ! You wo n't ! Ecspesially once u see how realistic this game looks , and how heated the races are ! Its just a great game , and there really isnt another like it available right now .
 First of all if your interested enough in this game to read this BUY IT ! You wo n't be disapointed . Secondly I have played it for over 6 months and am still not sick of it -LRB- how many games can u say that about -RRB- . The graphics are the most tremendous I 've seen ! Thirdly , there is a steep learning curve . If u expect to boot up and race to 1st place immediatly FORGET IT ! But then this is what gives it such great replay value . I doubt anyone could just jump on a Superbike and race with the pro 's , and at first this game lets u know that . But as u get used to the controls and how to setup your bike , it makes for some GREAT races . All the real tracks and riders are present . Do n't get me wrong , even if your just a casual player you will enjoy it -LRB- I have a friend with a 5 year old who loves it -RRB- . Its just it takes some practice , you cant just steer haphazardly around the track like most racing games and expect to win . As with any game there are small flaws but with this game WHO CARES ! You wo n't ! Ecspesially once u see how realistic this game looks , and how heated the races are ! Its just a great game , and there really isnt another like it available right now .
 I am among the first Neopians to make an account on Neopets , so this is a thrill for me . I 'm a total Neopets native , and so you can take it from me !
 I ca n't wait for this game to come out . I am almost sure that the Darkest Faerie is put of a plot coming out on Neopets.com . My user name on neopets.com is zaper4k .
 I am a HUGE fan of neopets and I 'd really like to get this game.Please please please release it a little early!Please?Oh , and I thoutht it was PS2 ... if it is n't that 's okay cause ' Playstation 2 can run PS1 games , but then their not as high quality.Oh well , I 'll always like neopets.my username is gelerts_rock_hard .
 I 'm Louie Mackie , and I 'm a great fan of neopets . I know its weird for a boy to like this . Lets get to the point . Neopets is now making a HUGE hit ! I do n't think its a good idea to make it on ps1 . I heard its coming out on PS2 . so if it does ` nt come out on PS2 , then buy this gameFrom , Louie Mackie
 I love Neopets . im 24 , My girl is 2 and she love neopets , And my boyfriendtoo . I have electronic/pocket neopet , cards , rare item code I hope this game will be great ! Im buying this game too when it comes out ! :-RRB- :-RRB- , and this is why I give this game 5 stars , I have not played this game yet , and I am basing this review on the www.neopets.com websight . On the websight . i 'm on neopets my user name is angelsmith24 , i 'm writeing this for her and me .
 I love Neopets ... im 14 -LRB- not 12 -RRB- ... ihave every stuffed animal ... electronic/pocket neopet . . jewlery.key rings . . puzzles ... stickers . . shirts ... notebooks ... backpacs ... lollipops ... cards ... rare item code cards ... magazine and neopet mag ad know to man ! I hope this game will be great ! Im buying 2 copies ! One for my colecction and one 2 play ! ; -RRB-
 I really would like to play this game . I like that you can play with characters from differen worlds .
 I 'm 31 My Husband Is 42 We 've Been On Neopets For Over 21/2 Years . It 's A Exellent Game So I 'm Sure This One Will Be Just As Addictive ! Neopets.com Has Over 300 Flash Games Ranging From RPG 's , Card 's , Lottery , Gambleing With NP -LRB- NeoPoints -RRB- .
 I love Neopets . im 24 , And my boyfriend , My girl like neopets too . I have electronic/pocket neopet , cards , rare item code I hope this game will be great ! Im buying this game too when it comes out ! :-RRB- :-RRB- , and this is why I give this game 5 stars , I have not played this game yet , and I am basing this review on the www.neopets.com websight . On the websight
 I absaloutly LOVE neopets !!! I am very addicted !!! But the neopets team have done a VERy good job on the website.And I am very happy !! So if the site is great , than I bet the game will be OUTSTANDING !! I have Playstation , so I ca n't wait to get it when it comes out !!!! By all the things I have heard about this game , it sound SO MUCH FUN !!!!!! If I 'm addicted to the neopets.com website , who knows how I 'll be with the game !! If you LOVE or LIKE Neopets , I suggest you buy this game !!! It 'll be WORTH the price !!!
 I am Neopet 's number one fan , and no one can change that . infact , i broke the world record on neopets by haveing 20 accounts !!!!!!! but my main user look ups are
 I think Neopets has taken it to a whole new level with this new game.It 'll show us more about neopia.If your on that site neomail me sometime @ summerland_is_jesse or christy_the_angel _ . summerland_is_jesse is my main account though.Thanks for looking at my review .
 This is not the game anymore , people . It is now to be a ps2 game and it has a new , better cover . Too see it , search for neopets on toys `` r '' us website , and check the first page .
 I am a big fan of the neopets site , my username is cerebral_lupe . i love lupes , and what makes this game awesome is that you play as Tormund , the lupe hero ! you get to battle things like evil draik skeletons and dark faeries . Theres like over 450 items to use & collect , and you can even transfer items from the game to your account on the site ! The game is supposed to come out in May 2005 for PS2 . I wish it would come out on gamecube instead , because more kids have a gamecube than PS2 . I love neopets , and if it comes out on PS2 i will do anything to get it , even pay like $ 250 for a new PS2 ! If you play on the site , neomail me at cerebral_lupe . lylas , luv ya !
 I have not played this game yet , and I am basing this review on the www.neopets.com websight . On the websight , you get to create or adopt one to four pets . There is hundreds of games to play , and when you get a good score you get lots of neopoints , which is Neopia currency . With the neopoints , you buy items to feed , play , and interact with your pet . In neopia there is TENS OF THOUSANDS OF ITEMS !!! You can start a collection of your favorite Neoitems ! Millions of people are on neopets and there is no better way to make friends ! Well , I think that I have said enough about www.neopets.com , so , about the game ... I have heard that this game contains many items , characters , and setting from the game . You get to choose who you want to be , and try to defeat `` the darkest faerie . '' Of course , I can not be completly sure what this game will contain , because it has not come out yet . This game however is sure to be alot different from the websight . What I mean is you arent going to take care of pets and feed and play with them in this game . But there is more to the websight than just that . I definetly think that if this sounds fun to you , you should learn more about this game , and if you want , buy it . :-RRB- But I would definetly go to www.neopets.com , and check it out . I dont really know what I would do online without Neopets.com ! Thanks !!!
 I am so excited this has come to playstation ! Not only are my daughters addicted to Neopets , and are so excited to see all the new merchandise coming out . I think Neopets is a great way to be creative .
 If your interested in Neopets the PS2 game , check this site out , it has the most up-to-date information on the game right now.http : / / www.gamespot.com/ps2/adventure/neopets/preview_6123355.html
 This game looks awesome , and I ca n't wait till the neopets team comes out with more games . I have always been a fan of neopets , and especially the lupes . -LRB- the wolfy like guys on the front with the swords and the black one , the werelupe king . -RRB- Ordinarilly , I would give it five stars , but I take one off for not making it on more than one system . This is bad for me , because I 'm not allowed to have any form of video game other than computer . But all my friends say when they buy it , they 'll let me try .
 It has been changed for better graphics oh and by the way it is out now !!!!!
 I definetly think that this wack person is totally wrong ! Apparently , this person does not like Neopets in the first place , and there is no reason to write a review if you have nothing to say about the game ! Just to let people know , Neopets websight is awsome , and is the best place to go on the web . This game features many characters , items , and settings from the websight . I am sorry to say that also I , have not played the game , but have heard alot about it , and this is why I give this game 5 stars . If you have not been to the neopets websight , I suggest checking it out . But I warn you , this websight is very addicting ! Well , I think that this is all that I have to say . Thank you , and I hope that this game is all that it is said to be ... -LRB- which I am assured it is , but , you will have to decide that for yourself . -RRB- : -RRB-
 Hey everyone.I think this will be a great game for all those Neopets players out there.I think that it 'll show us more about the whole world of Neopia.If you want to chat or need help just neomail me @ summerland_is_jesse or christy_the_angel _ - Ashley
 I have vague memories of this game . I do remember though that it was awesome beyond compare , I actually first played this when I was 2 . -LRB- below the intended age -RRB- I used to play this TONS before I started school , this was -LRB- if I recall -RRB- the first HE Game I ever played . I 'm sure it will sharpen your young children 's reflexes , and provide lots of fun.This is coming from a 14 yr old .
 Might and Magic VIII is a solid addition to this series . Yes , the engine is very dated , but fans of this series will not be too put off by this . The new playable races in this installment are a nice touch , although I would say that with a dragon in your party you have a big advantage . This is because it 's basic flame attack uses no spell points and does a lot of damage . The dungeons in this game are not as huge as MM6 , which in my opinion is just fine . While MM6 was a superior game , the dungeons did grow tiresome . Overall , this was an enjoyable game , worth the money it costs and I would recommend it to any fan of this series , as long as they can look past the dated graphics .
 ... but I could n't . I loved MMVI . Played it , finished it , played it again.With VII , 3DO irritated me by using the same engine . I could n't stand the new way they forced the classes -- it felt like they were penalizing all classes for the sake of penalizing them , without adding any advantages for this penalization . That , and the lackluster storyline and rushed feel of the world made me really dislike MMVII -LRB- enough to give it a 2-star review -RRB- . Seeing that they released MMVIII with the same engine and most of the same concepts , I expected much of the same . However , I did n't get that . Although the graphics and gameplay are similar , I got an immersive world that I REALLY enjoy playing in . Unlike VII , the quests are laid out in a very logical manner . Although the game is n't simple , you always feel like you 're getting somewhere , without ever hitting one of those `` brick wall '' quests.The addition of different races that are actually DIFFERENT makes the game very fun to play as well . Racial spells for Vampires and Elves are a nice touch . Being able to update your party with new characters is also great -LRB- though I 'm pretty attached to the ones I have now -RRB- . Throw all of your preconceptions aside when walking around in this world -- those dragons in Garrott Gorge wo n't attack you the first time you see them -LRB- in fact , they 're a good way to get rid of those pesky Nagas -RRB- . I know that I 'll get a lot of flack for a 5-star review , but I find this game very fun and horribly addicting . And that is really what it 's all about to me.-Chris
 I have played M&MVI , M&MVII and now M&MVIII . While most of the game layout was familiar there were a few differences where I had to read the manual to figure them out . I liked the idea of using the same engine for all three games . There was n't the learning curve and bugs of a new engine and more time could be spent on a plot rather than better graphics . I also liked the idea of playing one character and adding or dismissing others as the game went along , kind of like Baulders Gate . They have also eliminated the annoying problem of bumping into NPC 's and not being able to get past them , you just walk right through them . There was one change to the game where they did n't have a place to get food at the beginning islands so you could n't just stay there and beef up your characters you were forced to do some exploring before your initial supply ran out . All in all I liked the improvements as well as revisiting an old friend . If you liked the other two this game is for you .
 I have played almost every game in the last 10 years that are RPG and this game is amazing . If you like to develop and control mulitple characters and want a solve quest/hack and slash type game this is it . I played M&M 1 thru 8 , I feel that 7 was slightly better than 8 , but both were fun to play from start to finish . The game starts with the creation of your main character and you can have up to five -LRB- once 4 more join -RRB- . I would rather have the ability to create all five , but rescuing characters that are strong is a big part of this game . The quests are pretty easy and with the guide book you can beat the game in about 150-200 hours of game play . I sugggest you start the game as a wizard and ultimately meet two dragons , a dark elf , and a cleric to form the most balanced attack and defense combination .
 I finished Might and Magic VI , VII and VIII years ago , and have started to replay them . They are a bit different under Windows XP , in that MM7 and MM8 wo n't accept accelerated sound -LRB- in MM8 it was turned off automatically when I installed it under WinXP SP2 -RRB- , and MM7 would n't run with accelerated video either -LRB- not sure if I was running SP2 then , though , and that might make a difference -RRB- . These things really do n't make much difference in this game , which does n't lean heavily on music anyway and has relatively primitive 3D graphics which do n't use the latest features in today 's graphics cards.Reviewers were complaining about the dated graphics even when MM7 first came out , and complained all the more when MM8 came out with essentially the same . It 's true the graphics are dated . Terrain , buildings and interiors are 3D but only in 640x480 resolution and appear to be 8-bit color ; monsters and townspeople are 2D sprites , done quite well but still only sprites . But the games are still more fun , and more addictive , than other RPGs I 've played with super-duper cutting-edge graphics.It is shorter than MM6 and MM7 , but I do n't see that as a drawback as those two were horrendously long . While combat still tends to be hack-and-slash , I think it 's not as tedious as the other two . There is more of a story line in MM8 , though one ca n't deny that there are still a lot of `` FedEx '' quests -LRB- get some object and bring it to someone somewhere -RRB- which really have little or nothing directly to do with the story . I do n't mind that as I find the quests fun , and of course they help the player 's characters level up , gain power and wealth , better arms , armor and spells , etc. . That 's really what the Might and Magic series has always been about . As with other M&M ; games there 's a certain amount of sly humor as well.One departure in MM8 which I like very much is that instead of starting with a full party of four which once selected ca n't be changed , the player starts with just one character and adds up to four others to his party when and as he chooses to -- and any of those others can be dismissed and replaced if he chooses . Also , there are no longer any useless non-player characters who are `` there '' just to improve merchant skills or whatever but actually take no part in the action . In MM8 , all five characters fight , cast spells according to their various abilities , and so on.The maps also are improved over the ones in MM6 and MM7 , and now show locations previously visited where characters can increase certain skills . This saves a lot of tedious note keeping . Since the towns are fairly large for the most part , this is a big help.As with previous games in the series , the locales are varied , interesting and imaginative , as are the people -LRB- and lizardmen , minotaurs , pirates , ogres , etc. -RRB- the party will encounter.Highly recommended . The game should run easily and well on any system with a Pentium II or better .
 This is one of few games that are really worth playing . I played mm 6 and mm7 and this one really is the best in the series . Not only the graphs -LRB- although it 's a dated engine used -RRB- are better and improved but it 's also the first might & magic whith a really good and exciting storyline , it always gives you the feeling you 're getting somewhere ... Mm6 was very good with the best musical score of any game I ever heard -LRB- mm8 music is also quite good -RRB- , I disliked might and magic 7 -LRB- the worst of the series , bad music ridiculous storyline and ugly - really ugly - maps and towns ... -RRB- , but I never expected that MM 8 would be that damn great . Although not every town looks as beautiful as New Sorpigal -LRB- MM6 , still my favourite map -RRB- this world is really intruiging . What I like the most in MM8 is that you begin with only one character and can play with lots of non-human creatures.Worth your money , I guess
 Look , take it from someone who spent hours playing the first King 's Quest on a PCjr , the Might and Magic series is still going strong ! I had n't played the series since the Xeen days , and picked up VII at a store one day for kicks . I was blown away with where they had taken the game . It did n't take me long to track down a copy of VIII . The engine may `` seem a little dated '' but I feel it 's the best tool for the job , and the graphics are still very nice and clean . The `` movies '' in the game are well done and many other little details like change-of-day and light sources makes it all the better.Everything you want from a RPG and more ; little inside jokes for past MM players and great story lines . If you 're looking for hours -LRB- perhaps weeks depending on your devotion -RRB- of non-stop slashing and casting and stealing and adventuring , look no further .
 I 'm only a few hours into the game and i can tell this one 's a winner . I am what `` Today 's '' gamer would label as `` OLD SCHOOL '' , but personally i could really care less about the thoughts or comments of those who place `` EYE CANDY GRAPHICS AND MILLION $ $ $ CUTSCENES '' above a well told story and adventurous fun.Don ' t get me wrong i own many of today 's modern RPG 'S and I 've enjoyed them all and find them loads of fun.KEYWORD : FUN , are ya still with me on this ? Being into game-design has taught me one huge lesson , no matter how awe-struck a player is over all the tech you put into a game , if they do n't remember it in years to come , then you have ` nt done your job well at all , and it is these elements that the `` MIGHT&MAGIC `` Series has done and hopefully continue to do in the future.if you enjoyed 1-7 , then you 'll enjoy this one as well . It takes a real -LRB- RPG -RRB- Fan to appreciate these types of games in a day and age where HYPE sells and commercialism rule.FOR THE TRUE RPGER ONLY ... Darvius7
 I 've always loved the Might & Magic series and this one is no exception . I love first person , turn-based-party games . I have been dumb enough to periodically waste money on some of the various third person games out there like Baldur 's Gate and Neverwinter Nights , but I hate third person and can not get into it at all . Might & Magic does not have that problem.This game is the third in this format after MM6 & MM7 and has the most tweaks . Some say the story and engine are getting a little long on the tooth but that is fine with me . I have become so engrossed it them that I have played all three of them at least three times each . There is no other game that even comes close.Despite the crudeness factor , I love the graphics . The spell system is just right , and I do n't mind all the monster bashing . The story kept me engaged each time I played , even knowing the outcome the second and third time around.I just wish someone would continue the series in the same format with maybe 3-D graphics but the same game play and all the rest . I give a hats off to the Might & Magic Tribute people who are doing it on their own , since no company seems interested in doing it.Highly recommended .
 Yes , five stars . I 've played the last three Might & Magic games and I think that this is the best . I would like to give a piece of advice to new players . Dont spend your time with elves , clerics , warriors and trols , my party was composed by
 This game was just like I remembered from when I was younger with extras . I really enjoyed this game and would recommend it to others interested in the same thing .
 No one makes RPGs with 1st-Person viewpoints now except Elder Scrolls . No one makes single-player RPGs with parties that can vary in size and members within a game already started . No one makes a game that runs WITH STABILITY from W98 to Vista . No one except the makers of Might & Magic . Sure , this is an old game , but I found the correct difficulty , character advancement and immersive environments here . Might & Magic 6 + 7 are made with the same engine with fixed parties of 4 , with some hirelings possible , who are VERY useful in those games . Might & Magic 9 has a different engine that theydid n't get the chance to perfect . Might & Magic 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 Clouds of Xeen , 41/2 Swords of Xeen , 5 Darkside of Xeen and 4 PLUS 5 TOGETHER = WORLD OF XEEN require Dosbox to run correctly in Windows . Of these , any game with XEEN in the title is a SPECTACULAR step-based RPG . The Classics Live Forever ...
 I do not hesitate to say this was an excellent game . It 's challenging and perfect for hours of entertainment . I consider myself a hardcore gamer and I like a RPG game that 's a bit difficult , makes me think . If you are a candy ... gamer , do n't buy this game ; it will probably frustrate you . But if you like a game you can sink you teeth into , one you ca n't master immediately . Then , this is a must buy . Crybabies beware !!!
 The game is excellant and would be better with a cheat book , the characters in the game are whiney , or conceited . I understand it takes time to build these charaters up , but constantly hearing , I do n't know , no room , and I ca n't carry it , gets to be too much . In real life its carry it or you die , and you had better know what things are as your survival depends on your knowledge and your weaponry . If you ca n't carry it drag it .
 The game is fun to play . Sadly , like many of the newer involved RPGs to complete it , one needs to buy the strategy guide . A further complication is that the strategy guides do n't come out until weeks after the game , and are much harder to find .
 It has become my way to write reviews about the new things in games , in particular how new races play . Having recently bought Hammer of Fate , I figured I would do the same again.This expansion finishes what Heroes 5 started , i.e. the creation of a great Heroes game in 3D . 5 was a fun and enmeshing game that was almost as good if not AS good as Heroes 3 , the benchmark of the series . Now , with the inclusion of this expansion , it is PROBABLY better.By this I mean the expansion has the long awaited random map generator which makes for insane re-playability . It includes the caravans from Heroes 4 which means you no longer need extra heroes to run from castle to castle trying to keep one hero with a full army . Caravans also allow a town to buy from the numerous autonomous creature buildings you mark , a great addition.Now let 's move on to the new race that is a. . . interesting addition . If you care enough it is easy to look up creature stats online and see attack power and defense and all but I will give a general descript.When I first started playing this race , I hated it . The primary start creature is the Defender , possibly the WORST start creature in the game . They have weak attack , health and speed . In their basic form Defenders do 1-1 damage . That means AT BEST you will do the damage of the number you have in the stack . 50 Defenders will do 50 or less damage ... probably less . No big deal right ? Peasants for the Knights are weak but with archers it 's no biggy . Well ... the next unit is called Spearwielders and they are awful too . With a piddly 4 -LRB- ? -RRB- shots and weak damage these shooters will be out of spears long before you reduce an enemy enough to send in the Defenders . And , as most players know , most early games come down to the 1st 2nd and 3rd tier of units . Which brings up the Bear Riders.Bear Riders are supposed to be the fast attackers of the early Dwarf game . They are hopeless at it . Again , lack of speed at attack power plus only 25 hit points means that , unlike griffons , you ca n't hold back and wait for a certain kill . The enemy will more likely reach you first . Thus , early game can be a rough run for Dwarfs.However , something funny happens when Dwarfs upgrade their creatures . Defenders become Shieldguard and now their attack is better , they are a great counter to fast movers like Paladins and they have a decent turn of speed . Spearwielders become Skirmishers and double their shots . Even the near worthless Bear Riders become Black Bear Riders whose special actually knocks back enemy units and stops a counter attack . From being the 3 worst units in the game , the Dwarf 3rd tier units are now some of the best . This trend continues through all the Dwarf units , with the exclusion of Fire Dragons , which rock from the start . Thanes , tier 6 , are pretty poor . Their weak attack is supplemented by a lightning attack so they always kill twice what the computer says but besides being meat shields they lack punch . Warlords move fast , strike fast and do a great single range attack . Brawlers ... bad . Berserkers have a no retaliation attack that tears through weaker units . And Runic Priests are ok but Patriarchs are better . And the Dwarfs grow fast . REAL fast . All their creatures populate in unheard of numbers so players can afford to lose a few more.As an added bonus , the Dwarf special ability , Rune making , gives Dwarf army 's a dangerous unpredictability . The Rune of Speed gets even the slowest creature across the map in one turn . There is a number of others that give attack bonuses , revive creatures and shield them from attack . You ca n't trust a Shieldguard to stay on his side of the map and only attack once . In fact , I would say this ability is probably the best CREATURE COMBAT special ability of any race , though that is arguable.Finally , the Dwarf town is the hardest to crack in the game yet . With numerous extra defense walls , rune mines under the wall and a special that puts as many as 2K extra Shieldguard in your army , chances are any army will take losses in excess of the gain when attacking a well garrisoned town . And this defensiveness plays well to the Dwarf army , which can sit back , let the towers do their thing and kill any flyers that come over the top.So ... The Dwarfs.Fun ? Sure . Fire and Magma Dragons stumble around the map with great sinister and make for good times late in game . Dwarf Heroes add a great unpredictability to the game as well.Powerful ? Not entirely . Until a player upgrades his creatures even wild armies will be difficult to kill and that means slow recourses early in game.Cheap ? Not at all . To even stand a chance against other players Dwarfs need to buy TONS of extra buildings and upgrades . If anything , the Dwarf early game is deadly to Dwarfs , A good addition ? Absolutely . Weaknesses aside , once the Dwarfs get rolling , they are a powerful enemy .
 When I purchased HMM5 I was extreamly disappointed with it . But now the expansion pack has made up for HMM5 's shortcomings . 4 things have been added :1 . Caravans . These were missing but now have been added . Love this aspect .2 . Random map generator . There were n't very many single senarios , but now you can quickly and easily create as many quests as you want !!!! WOW ! 3 . New town . Dwarves . Starts out weak but becomes really hard to beat .4 . A timer . There is now a time limit for each turn . I did n't really like this feature . In the other HMM games , I could step away from the game anytime I wanted for as long as I wanted , but now if I step away - I come back and find I 've lost several turns . Of course you can set the timer anywhere from 1 minute per turn to as much as 10 . But this can really slow the game down because each enemy has that long ! It can take more than 1/2 hour real time between turns!One major con I found was that the game has a tendency to slow up on me , freeze and/or crash a lot .
 This add-on adds new playable races and new creatures , but the two new features that I like the best , are ; the random map generator , and the troop caravans . You can now make an endless number of fun to play maps , that seem more user friendly to me . Also , you can now move new troops from towns or external sources to the town of your choice . You no longer need to devote a hero to transporting troops . I have played all of the previous Heroes of Might and Magic , and this new 3D version is the best yet . Way to go Nival Interactive -LRB- Software Developer -RRB- .
 The storyline is rather amusing . This is a good turn-based game , easy to play a bit , leave and come back , without having to remember much of the history / quest . Good drinking game too !
 Great addition to the original , some really good changes and additions . If you liked the original Heroes V , you 'll love this addition . It actually makes the game more fun . .
 HoMM V is probably my 3rd favorite of the series behind III and VI . This add-on extends the playability of the game with the new Dwarf faction .
 a friend suggested this game and have now become very addicted and catch my self staying up half the night trying to complete a level
 Why should you buy it : It is slightly cheaper than the more complete version of the game
 Other than adding on to the story -LRB- which is n't too riveting to begin with -RRB- , adding a new faction -LRB- they are pretty sweet -RRB- and some new units to the haven faction -LRB- which you ca n't hire in your towns -RRB- , there is n't much more to it . You wo n't be awed by it , but it is worth the $ 5 + shipping I paid for it .
 I have owned and played all of the Heroes V games and love them . This is the only one I had n't played . When I installed this game I did n't realize it was in Spanish . Since I do n't know Spanish I was kind of handycapped playing the game . But I had played enough of these to know all the moves and how to get through the senerios . After a while it was n't fun trying to figure out what was going on . It is strange the manual that came with it was written in english , parts of the dialog was in english , but the rest was spanish . But the game is great anyway .
 I thought this expansion was alot of fun . And the new Dwarve class had a lot of cool new units . Yea , it is still alot like the previos game , but still fun.The Dwarve class has the cool Bear Rider which has some cool features like the paw attack which make this feel different from the other classes.The story was solid as was the graphics . And in the cutscenes , at least their mouths move when talking now and they are not quite as animated.You have 15 missions which are n't as tough as the original game -LRB- they have a new easy setting which I thought was nice so others gamers might take interest in the game -RRB- but still challenging . The only bad part to this you can never really stray to far from your castle until you build up because the AI always seems to know and the sneak in thru some portal of other path you have n't seen yet take your castle . You just go back and forth unitl you are strong enough which makes each mission to seem like it takes forever to beat . You will have 20-25 hours of gameplay , if you beat it the first time around.One other cool feature is the ability to hire creatures from other castles you own and other dwellings you have captured . When you hire them , they get sent by caravans to the castle you hire them from , and it tells you how many days until they arrive . Much better than having to go to each place to get your units . You can also have your carts attacked by the enemy and vise versa to stop re-inforcements . This expansion is probably not as cool as the original , but still alot of fun . Now , off to Tribes of the East .
 It 's pretty fun single player , but I definitely prefer to play this with a couple friends . Either HotSeat or via-LAN . The addition of the Dwarves was pretty cool and the new Runic Magic is pretty pwn too.Either way I recommend this game for anyone who has HoMMV.Good stuff .
 It is very cheep , but for an obvious reason . I got all the Heroes of Might and Magic V for about 25 dollars including shipping and handling , and I never played it much past the first few missions . It was very easy to beat even on the hardest difficulty , it just took to much time to do . I found myself just building up huge armies and slaughtering my enemies within about 4 game weeks for every single mission . I must say some of the characters are rather interesting , and it does bring back some of my old memories of other turned based fighting games like Final Fantasy 7 .
 Heroes 5 was a surprisingly good upgraded to the series . The graphics are tremendous and really standout . HOF is a must have , with the Dwarfs and caravans added make the play much better and balanced . You do need to have a good video card to play , I had to replace my 64M card with a 256M card to get the highest quality graphics and to speed up the movement .
 This game just * feels * like what a Transformers game should be ! Optimus Prime , Red Alert , or Hot Shot all `` transform and roll out '' in a very fun 3-D shooter/explore game . I am thrilled with how enemies run for cover behind trees , jump out and gang up on me , and send flares to call for reinforcements . Big fun levels with lots of find-the-extra-stuff subgoals , clear progress indicators so you know how much extra stuff you have left to find , and the ability to move on and come back later if you 're stuck - very satisfying.I wish there were a few more transformers I could play as , and I wish there was a way I could fight with or against my friends , but those fall squarely under ` nice-to-have ' rather than required . This is the Transformers game I have been wanting for the last decade !
 Transformers is the most amazing looking game I 've seen on the PS2 . The environments are huge , the effects look fantastic , and from all the reviews I 've read the gameplay is awesome . Some reviewers are comparing the game to Halo , although Transformers looks much more lush and alive than Halo does -LRB- IMHO -RRB- - which is n't bad considering it 's on a PS2 ! If you like wide-open levels -LRB- seriously huge -RRB- , robots being blown up , and transforming into a car and running them down , then this is the game for you .
 I 've played it through multiple times and its still as fun as the first . I recently upgraded to xbox and I truly wish that they would re-release this game for the newer platforms .
 Great game ! It 's a little challenging for my younger kids but they kept at it and are now better at it than me . They love the game .
 this game is cool . i am a true transformers nut . the graphics and good and the levelsare well thought out . some of the autobots are to control at first but you get used to them . as a few have said , een o the easiest settings the decpticlones are still tough ... . all in all its a good game , ca n't wait till the movie comes out . Until al are one
 -LRB- ... -RRB- . What we have here is a well put together game , complete with a challenging difficulty , good graphics , tolerable voice acting -LRB- and despite what some reviews have said , Optimus and Megatron ARE voiced by their respective voice actors , Gary Chalk and David Kaye -RRB- , and the real star of the show , GOOD gameplay . That in itself makes for a wonderful experience . But the added element of hunting down minicons -LRB- uuuuuuuugh ... -RRB- is justified by actually having them enhance your `` bot '' with useful weapons and/or features.All in all , a great experience .
 Transformers has never had a decent game till now . I 've been a Transfan all my life , and have always wanted a decent Transformers game to play , finally Atari has given us one . Not only is the game fun to play , but the CGI cut scenes are incredible . Most of the Lines are taken from TFTM , hearing David Kaye -LRB- megatron -RRB- say `` I would have waited an eternity for this ... . It 's over prime '' makes this game worth it right there.Atari did a wonderful job incorperating Transforming into the game , and the use of minicons real makes the game all the more fun . The combinations are endless . -LRB- ... -RRB- I find the most amazing thing to be , that atari managed to make the story of this one game , 10,000 times better then the plot of the entire 56 episode TF Armada series . They actually made me LIKE armada ... . almost .
 I bought this game in a local store -LRB- sorry Amazon -RRB- because I could not wait about three weeks ago . I am a G1 fan for the most part but was VERY impressed with the story line , the graphics , the music , the variety of enemies and the extreme level of quality and attention to detail in the game.I found that the game is challenging but not too challenging , it keeps you coming back wanting to play more and that it is not just a shoot them up type of game , you have to use your head a little to find the right paths or the right equipment -LRB- minicons -RRB- to get the job done.There are also `` Datacons '' that allow you to unlock alot of special features in the extras menu similar to what you 'd find on a DVD.Even though you might be just a die hard G1 nut like myself you would still like this game.Well worth it !!!
 I bought this game probably six or seven years ago . I found it in the Walmart game bin for around twenty dollars . I never opened it until recently when I found it covered with dust on a shelf . I started playing the game and played it straight through . The game level is n't very difficult to play once you figure out what is going on , but I absolutely love the game . This is the way Transformers ' games should be !
 Great game for all Transformers fans ! The game is based on the Armada series not G1 . Great story concept with fun extras . Some of the voice actors are different from that of the cartoon . The game is really hard * coughcheatcodescough *
 This game is surprisingly nonlinear . The graphics are excellent , even from a 2010 perspective , the controls take maybe like 5 to 10 minutes to learn and the environments are very fun.The only slight complaint I have is that they could 've made the vehicle mode a little more needed , but this slight complaint does n't take away from the rating I gave this game.This is definitely one of the most underrated & unknown PS2 games out there.The game makers definitely spent time on this one & it has paid off.I gave this game a 5 star rating back when it came out -LRB- not actually rated it on a website , but my personal rating for it -RRB- and I 'm giving it a 5 now also . I 'm having as much fun now replaying it -LRB- just found it again on my shelf -RRB- as I did when I first got it.This is definitely worth buying , not just a rent.Another plus is that , once you get certain upgrades -LRB- minicons -RRB- , you can go back to older levels to get other minicons or items that you could n't reach before.The characters , while there could 've been some more , are very cool looking.Overall , 5 stars for fun , graphics , controls & replayability.Only slight complaint is the lack of characters . The complaint is not enough to not buy the game . I 'd definitely buy it again .
 Very action packed . Being able to use a variety of autobots is very cool
 I had tons of fun with this game ... I was really happy with it , you can do much with this game , now dont get me wrong it is hard ! oh so hard ! but the challenge is welcomed because I Love The TRANSFORMERS ! . Transformers
 Wow , imagine fighting a robot thats as big as an aircraft carrier ... that IS an aircraft carrier ... right after coming out of it !! THAT is fun ! Driving up and down the beach , hiding behind mountains , transforming between vehicle and robot in order to move around quicker , and avoid enemy blasts ... this is what boss fighting is all about !! This game is awesome !! The graphics itself , are quite amazing . From the shadow/light detail , to the fumes , and also the visuals from items which are soooo far away from you -LRB- purple warp gate beams that shoot upward can be seen from across the level -RRB- , and the explosions of the Decepticon robots . Just amazing ... oh , this game is extremely fun too ! : -RRB-
 I rented this game on saturday and i have n't stopped playing it ! The graphis are great ! Its a mix of racing and action . You can play as Optimus prime , hot shot , or red alert . paly it already !!
 This game is so cool ! It is a perfect game for amateur gamers
 This game is so cool ! It is a perfect game for amateur gamers
 If you are really picky about if it is g1 , dont buy the game . But if you have an understanding that this is a different setup but the same type idea , then it will be perfect for you . I just went through the whole game and completed everything and i still see myself playing it again . the graphics are some of the best on the ps2 to date , they did a great job on the cinimatics.oh for all you g1 fans that think this is not for you dont worry , ps2 is going to put out a g1 game . that should make you feel better . and they are making a g1 movie . But for the people that think things dont change after 20 yrs , well never mind there is no help for you all .
 What the game admittedly lacks in story -LRB- especially for those of us original Transformers fans who have n't kept up with the new series -RRB- it more than makes up for in game play . I 've always wanted a game where I could transform between robot and vehicle to pound bad guys , let alone huge levels where you can walk/drive/fly almost anywhere to complete the objectives . Great game .
 What fun ! I 've never been a fan of third person shooters , but combining this game with the Transformers ' genre was an idea that piqued my interest and delivered . Gameplay is smooth , graphics are very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- , CGI 's are incredible . Not the Transformers I grew up with -LRB- with the exception of Prime -RRB- , but I can deal with it . Overall , I 'd recommend it for Transformers fans of any age .
 This game is amazing ! Tons of shooting and almost never ending action , plus secrets are cool ! It may not be G1 -LRB- generation 1 -RRB- but it 's still cool . a bunch of the secrets are things about G1 , too . This game is based on the Transformers
 If you expect this game to be from the 80 's this is n't it . But this game is good and it is from the new series Aramda and Emergon . You can use mini-coms . You can use the Autobot 's Prime , Hot Shot and Red Alert . This game is loved by many people .
 A quick review
 This game is a load of fun.The graphics are very good if not excellent.The controls are very easy to use.Some people think that the transformation from robot to vehicle would be challenging , its not.You get a ton of weapons to use such as heat seeking missles -LRB- my fave -RRB- , power up blaster guns , wings that attach to you and then you can fly , which by the way is really fun to use for searching across worlds.You also get unlockable extras within the game that are really cool to check out and use.The only bad side to this game is that you only get three Autobots to choose from Optimus Prime -LRB- semi -RRB- , Red Alert -LRB- emergency suv -RRB- and Hot Shot -LRB- sports car -RRB- . Each Autobot has its own strengths and weaknesses.Prime is very strong and has a powerful attack strength , but is slow.Hot Shot is very fast but cant take the big hit , etc.The game is challenging even in easy mode.Note : this is a game where you might have to back track worlds you previously played to find unlockables where you couldnt get to before.Don ' t let the bad reviews turn you away from this game.It isnt even close to a bad sucky game.Enjoy !
 The long wait is hereExtras includeArt from cards , drawings , cg stillsToys and instructionsMusic by WishboneTwo cheatsa booklet in the game about the whole gamecreditsfour comicsfive TV Spots of the old series , Thier just saftyTheater of the cutseensBonus endingWhats really bad is the Unicron battle Lame and easyBosses are Starcream -LRB- My favorite -RRB- , Cyclonus , Megatron , Tidal wave , and Unicron Whats bad is no , UHH whats his name the tank dude with gun fists , Megatron 's knife or his Galvatron form , You go to Cybertron , but can ' y explore it.More than 40 Miniconsover 50 ExtrasGraphics 9/10 No collision detectionGameplay 9/10sound 10/10overall a 8.5 out of ten
 Just to keep it short :1 . Really like the outdoor environs , easy on theeyes , not like many of the stealth games whichhave night locations , and other games which aresituated in dark buildings , castles , caves , etc. 2 . Enjoyed getting all the minicons with all theirvarious powers but hated the time wasted acquiringdatacons . They should of had the datacons in letssay a green light setting . Or better yet , theycould of made most of the datacons into some kindof time reward ; longer times for sheilds andcamoflage ; or a few more blaster shots and misslesbetween power-ups .3 . The other viewer was right about transforminginto their trucks , cars ; the settings were mostlywilderness so of little use -LRB- one exception , theatoll -RRB- .4 . This game has 3 settings -LRB- recruit , veteran , andcommander -RRB- and none of them are easy . My biggestproblem with this game is the treadful powerlimitations . You play a game because its supposedbe fun and rewarding , the minicons -LRB- 4 -RRB- are reallylimited to 2 minicons at their most powerfulsettings . Examples : a. full armor , full canonb . full shields , full ark gunc . full recharge , full long shot gun , etc.Yes , you can use other minicons at their leastpower setting but they are mostly useless .5 . I was hoping that after winning the game , theprogrammers would drop all the power limitationrequirements and you could just go back at fullstrenght and enjoy enhilating everything . No suchluck , even worse there are more of the strongerbots than previously . Yes , I think this game ischallenging ; especially if you go back againstthe increased number of the tougher bots but itwas n't a really fun game !!!
 I used to not like transformers , but then one day I somehow got to like them . Then I saw a review for transformers game , but I was bummed out when I saw that it was for PS2 only . Then we went to Hollywood Video , and I went and saw a demo of the game . I ran right over , and begain to play it . The gameplay is awsome . The object of the game is to collect various mini-cons , which you use to get different powers . Everything about the game is great , except your life . You really only can stand about 5 hits before you die , but it was my first time playing , so .
 This game is cool I like the graphics , action , and the ability to blow bots up . If anyone likes action or adventure games this is the game for you . I thought I woulde n't like it because it features Transformers Armada , which is stupid . game is also challenging with graphics that blow your mind . This game in some battles is pretty hard . Well thats why I give it 5 stars .
 For all those folks who reviewed this game and were ticked that there were no G1 Transformers in it , you obviously have n't been paying any attention to the Transformers universe the last oh ... 20 years ! This game is based on the Transformers Armada cartoon series , NOT the G1 . Originally they were going to call it Transformers
 This game is cool and fun , it 's one of my favorite games .
 ok ppl if your basing this on G1 then please shut up ! this is ARMADA NOT G1 if you hav n't kept up with transformers over the last 20 years then keep your mouth shut !
 As a die hard Transformers fan I too was excited when i heard there was a transformers game being developed . However when i soon learn it was on armada i got a little disappointed . However i have read up on the development of the game and it is said to be based on the comic book armada by dreamwave which is of course a little darker and not so childlike . No true fan would pass on the opportunity to try the game and anyways the graphics and the gameplay are great . I was really impressed with the way they incorporated the minicons . The one problem is that you cant play as the decepticons .
 This game is not G1 , If you have this game you should watch the T.V. spot extras on the game . They prove that G1 is stupid ! Anyways , all you people that have watched transformers in G1 and still like transformers , why ? I mean it is comepletely different now ! By the way the reason some people think the game is bad is because they probably only the first half of the first level witch doesnt have that many enemys that are fun to destroy and is sort of hard because you dont have that many Mini-Cons . Ive beaten the game and if you dont like that I hope you at least like the extras . The game starts out with the Amazon level . There just making sure you get the controls in the beginning with one enemy and a cliff you must climb . There is one Mini-Con with one ship hovering over it and some units that you must destroy . After that you go across a river into a temple -LRB- with one Mini-Con -RRB- go up across a waterfall and then the game gets fun ! Everyone that likes G1 and nothing else -LRB- Besides G2 -RRB- then shut up ! Your making bad reviews that will discurage customers to get this game ! I mean G1 is okay , but im fed up with all these G1 people and all these Armada/Energon people . All the series seem the same to me ! But anyways the game is awesome !
 Based on how Transformers games have usually been -LRB- horrible -RRB- , I wasnt expecting much . To my surprise , this game rocks . Best described as a mix of first/third person shooters , Smugglers Run , and mild platforming , it combines the best of those genres , and adds new elements to the mix . Transformations are both flawless and usefull , you can run down your enemies as a car , and quickly transfrom and start blasting . The power-ups -LRB- Obtained by collecting ` mini-cons ' -RRB- are very cool , and combine with each other . . adding missiles , sniper guns , night vision , ect set up in a combination you feel is best.The game runs quite smoothly , the level design is excellent , and the lack of radar or maps , gives it an adventure/exploration feel . The levels never feel repetitive or ` boxlike ' , the terrain , plants and little details bring it to life . The enemy AI is very good , if you fire and they dont see you , they will fan out and search , untill they have visual sight of you . Some will run and contact other bots to come help , with huge dropships adding more enemies where you have defeated them . The boss battles are what some of us have waited 20 years for , better than the original cartoon , and an absolute blast to play . -LRB- Tidal WAVE !!! -RRB- The only strikes against it are it does run a bit short , and it is an absolute crime that the game is not 2 player . The replay would have been extended 100fold were the existing levels and powerups made available for 1 on 1 battles . Oh well . And as far as all the armada/gen 1 threads , who cares ? Its about how the game plays , and this one plays well .
 I had a chance to try the preview version of the game and I was surprised that I actually enjoyed the game very much . The game has awsome graphics -LRB- Hot Shot looked really nice -RRB- . I ca n't wait till the full version out in May .
 As I was searching for a new game to add to my collection , I inadvertently came across Transformers for the PS2 . Having grown up watching the Transformers , I was immediately interested in the game . After I read the reviews and searched for the best price , I decided to buy the game which I purchased for $ 19.82 at Walmart.Eagerly , I brought the game home and booted up my PS2 . The cool Atari logo which `` transformed '' into the Transformers logo made my anticipation skyrocket . Once the introductory game video came on , I was thoroughly impressed . The music was excellent , using many of the different themes from Transformers in various contemporary styles . The music for the different levels is also very appropriate for each situation . The menu screen is superbly done , with a slick rotating `` throne room '' for the three autobots used in the game . On this menu the user can select which minicons he wants to use . There are also a plethora of other options as well . By the way , the menu and load times for this game are outstanding.Honestly , I 'm not sure why the game did n't get higher reviews from major video game reviewers . I 'm no video game expert , but this came is simply cool . The graphics are fantastic . The scenery is at times breathtaking , especially when you get the Slipstream minicon and can soar through majestic hills and valleys . The textures , shadows , lighting , and other attention to details are top notch . Even the character 's shadow from the sun is correct from whatever angle you are facing ! Oh , and if you want to see some very cool CGI clips of the Transformers , this game has them ! Obviously the team at Melbourne put a lot of work into this game.If you want a game that has lots of action , requires strategy , has many different weapon add-ons , has beautiful graphics , and a vast assortment of enemies to fight , then Transformers is the game for you . Especially if you love the Transformers , you should get this game . I played this game for a week straight and could not get enough of it . I was very disappointed when I beat the game!Pros : - Fast load time - Excellent music -LRB- despite IGN 's opinion -RRB- - Cool screensaver -LRB- when level is loading -RRB- - Wonderful graphics - Plethora of minicons -LRB- very fun to try each one -RRB- - Exciting explosions -LRB- watch those robot parts fly ! -RRB- - Precise zoom cam mode -LRB- got ta try the rangefinder and rifle -RRB- - Fun extras -LRB- everything from old TV spots to extra music -RRB- - Autosave feature is a timesaver ! Many save points also . - Bosses -LRB- especially Tidal Wave and Megatron ! -RRB- - Slip Stream -LRB- glider -RRB- Minicon -LRB- this greatly enhances game coolness ! -RSB- Cons : - No tutorial or trainer except during the game . - Limited minicon carrying capacity . Can Optimus Prime really only carry four minicons ? - Limited use of autobots . This game would have been much cooler if the autobots could have fought together as a team , at least in some of the levels . - Limited movement . No duck or roll for autobots . - No mulitiplayer . This , perhaps , is the biggest weakness of this game . Being able to play together with a friend or online would enhance the fun factor of this game ten-fold . Presentation
 I have been a big Transformers fan from 1984 and probably will still be well into the future . A lot of Transformers games have been made in the past and all with disapointing results . They all just did n't capture the Transformers feel to it or have the capabilities to pull it off well.So will this game be the one to break that mold ? Well , yes and no . The game is fun . The fun of using one of 3 Autobots that you can Transform and shoot at evil Decepticon warriors makes the game fun for any Transformers fan . But the game seems to be a bit on the short side . You go through a few worlds that you can easily get through and the bosses are n't that tricky even on the harder levels . You sorta feel a bit let down that there is n't more to it then what we do wind up with.A thing to note about the game is that it uses characters from the Armada toy line that was out in 2002 . There is no real mention of this as they just call the game Transformers and nothing else . But it has all the elements and characters from the Armada series , including Minicons and all the characters from that wave of toys.I am glad I bought the game as I had been waiting a long time to play a really good Transformers game but after you play it through you will see why it just did n't seem filling enough . You only fight some of the major Decepticons at the end of each stage in some boss battle that usauly is n't too tricky as long as you have the right minicon 's equipped . You only get to use 3 Autobots and it just seems like so many characters were left out that could have been used in parts of the stages instead of these generic Decepticon warriors we get . The game feels a bit rushed overall and comes off as a good premiere game for what could be done in the future with more time and effort put into it.If anything the game is a great stepping stone for what could come after it . It 's fun , captures the Transformers flavor and has great effects and options . Next time for the sequal hopefuly they fill in some of the loose ends that seem to be felt as you play it and hopefuly a Generation 1 game wo n't be too far away in the future . Maybe on Playstation 3 ... here 's hoping at least : -RRB- Lastly the game has lots of extras that you can find and unlock as you play the game . They include some art pictures of some of the characters in the games , music renditions and some of the old Generation 1 lessons that were sometimes shown after a cartoon episode ended . That too makes the game worth it just to find all these hidden little treasures.So definitely get the game , its fun and there are many things to shoot and explore and figure out , just realize that it is n't that long and will make you wonder what could have been if they developed what they had going for them here .
 When I was a kid , I loved nothing more than playing with and watching Transformers . When the 32-bit era struck in the video game world years ago , I had hoped some developer would come up with the idea of a Transformers licensed game . A Beast Wars -LRB- based on the computer animated Transformers show that premiered in the mid to late 90 's -RRB- game was released , but I longed for the days of the Autobots and Decepticons battling it out . Now , finally , Atari has crafted an action packed , and above all fun , game that fans have waited years for . Even though it 's primarily based on the new lame cartoon and toy line ; Transformers offers gamers the opportunity to play as Autobot warriors Red Alert , Hot Shot , and above all Optimus Prime . Playing as one of the three , you run and gun and transform your way back and forth through an onslaught of Decepticon baddies . Also , you can find scattered Mini-con which you can equip to gain new abilities and receive better weapons . Other than that , the game 's main focus is on shooting , and on that it does a fine job . The game 's combat system is surprisingly intense and is the main highlight of the game . You 'll find familiar faces doing battle with the evil Megatron and Starscream , but playing as a few other different characters would have been welcome . The controls can be sluggish , and the game feels too short upon completion , and maybe a feature of being able to play as the Decepticons , are the game 's only downsides . That aside , longtime fans of the original Transformers should check this out , and even with what it has going against it , the game succeeds mightily .
 Unlike some of the reviewers of this game , I actually have it . It 's pretty good . The graphics are fine . The game actually helps you learn the controls through well thought of mission order . For example , you fight Starscream on the same level that you finally feel comfortable moving and shooting accurately at the same time -LRB- which is important since Starscream is a jet airplane robot -RRB- . I was hoping that the game would be more like the 80 's Transformers that I grew up liking but it 's still a good game . The cool thing is that they actually made Starscream like his cartoon character ; slightly clumsy ! The minicom idea is a good addition . This game has replayability value because you have to go back to older missions in order to get items that you could n't get the first time around . For example , in mission one , there are some mini coms that are on mountain tops that you ca n't walk or drive to , but later in the game there 's supposed to be a minicom that you get that lets you fly so you can go back and get the stuff you missed . There are also these game feature unlocking minicoms that you get in the missions that allow you to access game extra 's like comic strips , toy instructions -LRB- the instructions included with the actual toys that show how to transform them -RRB- , transformer art , music , etc. . Overall , if you were a kid in the 80 's / early 90 's who liked the Transformers , you wo n't be disappointed with this game . Give it a try .
 Being a 26 year old , my earlies memories are of Transformers , Silver Hawks , Thundercats , MASK , etc. . I 've been waiting for ever for a quality Transformers game , and this is it !!!! The ONLY cons of this whole game are the difficulty , lack of Autobot choices , and the fact it 's based on Armada . I was hoping for old school characters , but this game still rocks.The Minicons add a great deal to the gamplay . Having to carefully select your special weapons is a blast . The graphics and landscape are phenominal . People moan about `` sluggish controls '' , but if you remember the fact you car controlling heavy robots , it makes perfect sense . It 's called inertia people , look into it.If you are an old Transformers fan , this game is a must . Now , if we could get a Go-Bots and MASK game , I would n't know what to do with myself .
 Let me start by saying this is the greatest Transformers game ever , and thats not saying much . Most transformers games suck * cough ** cough * bestwars * cough ** cough * But this is a great action title . The story is an all new story . You have to go rescue minicons that crash land on Earth The story dies after the first level . There practicaly is no story . Just go rescue minicons . for those who dont know Mini Cons are little garry coleman sized transformers . They link on to a transformer and give them certain abilities . One gives you a force sheild . another lets you glide . So on and so forth.You can choose from three autobots , and each diffrent one has a diffrent specialty.Hot Shot is the speed demon . I mostly used him after I beat a level and forgot to get some minicons.Red Alert is all around . I never used him . He just sucks . However my freind likes him best.And the Big Man , Optimus Prime , is the strong one . He is the one i used most . He was the best.At first , you will not like the controls . The controls were akward , but after the first level , they turn out to be for the best . They actually make the game easier.Te game is only 5 levels , but there are tons of datacons to find . Data cons allow you to unlock unlockables . The unlockables are Music , Art , Toy stuff , and Videos . My favorite unlockables are old public survice anouncements . They were just to corny , and that makes them hilarious . One was about wearing bright clothes so when you ride your bike you dont get hit by a car.This game is great , but not perfect . 4 out of 5
 Well I got Army men a few days ago and I am practically hooked on it . Well the reason I do n't give it 5 stars is because when your getting to the end of the game the bugs get more challenging and the tan army gets even more sophisticated . But overrall this game is really good . If you liked Army Men ot Army Men 2 you will love this game .
 This is a great game , fallowing in the tradition of the Army Men series . I played it almost every day until I got to the playroom leval . In the play room you have to get a chemical from a pattern device . I still ca n't figure it out so , be careful when your playing the game . If you know how to get past it , email me at mrnyj12@optonline.net
 ... These guys are back at it creating another great game in the army men series . It 's like real time fighting with little people in backyards . It 's awesome if your not in to all that gorry stuff . It 's really fun , also the new Sarge 's Hero 's Army Men is great too , except in this one your in the air in a helicopter shooting missles and dropping bombs . It 's addicting and fun . BUY IT if you like the army men series or any war games .
 Check this one out -- it 's fun and does n't require hours of manual reading before you can get in and start blasting little plastic guys .
 I have played many baseball games over the years ... Hardball ... the Triple Play series ; High Heat 2001 is by far the best in it 's field -LRB- so to speak -RRB- . After the initial frustration of learning to time the pitcher and actually hit the baseball I have learned to love this game . Instead of hitting 25 home runs a game as in Triple Play , you have to actually develop the skill of trying to out guess the pitcher and of being patient at the plate just like the Major Leagues . The graphics and playability are awesome , from pass balls to bad throws , errors , hitting the cuttoff man , placing the bunt ... and so on , this is real baseball . The general manager options of developing a farm team and making roster moves makes this game a total baseball experience . So , if your team is struggling , just edit a few of your hitter 's abilities and averages and the next thing you know you will be fighting for a pennant . Baseball simulation lovers do n't miss this one , get it today !
 The first baseball computer game I ever owned was `` HardBall ! '' for the Mac . Black and white , two teams , cheezy as all get-out , but I loved it . I played a whole season once , 162 games , tracking home run stats , with those two teams.Since then , I never owned a baseball game ... until now . And man , Sammy Sosa 's High Heat 2001 is one hell of a game . The depth and breadth of the game is incredible , from the accuracy of the team rosters to the inclusion of the newest ballparks to the trading model ... * gasp for breath * ... it goes on and on.To the folks below
 I 'd read all the reviews of High Heat 2001 and was expecting great things . I 've not been disappointed . This is the best PC baseball game available . The graphics are good and the game play is great . Hitting is a challenge as it should be and feels good . When you knock the cover off of it , you can feel it . There is a wide range of stats tracked although I have noticed a couple of errors in my season stats -LRB- my # 2 batter has had more AB 's than the lead off man which is impossible ;-RRB- -RRB- . I 'm guessing the stat errors I see are from returning to a saved game . Most likely there has been a patch for this for a while but I will confess I have n't looked as the game is very sastifying `` as is '' . In spite of any beef I might have about stat tracking or other very minor unmentioned flaws , this game is head and shoulders above the rest of the baseball games available and I would recommend it to anybody who likes baseball .
 I do n't usually play sports games , but I am a baseball fan and I played the previous two games in this series . All I have to say is that I have played hundreds of games in career mode , guiding the Tribe through several seasons , and I 've never gotten bored with it . The pitcher-batter interface is the key to the game ; there is a steep learning curve to successful hitting , I found , but after many games I have topped out at being a pretty good hitter -LRB- my team usually leads the league in offense -RRB- . However , I am still susceptible to being shut down by good pitchers , and even though the computer 's pitching is sometimes predictable , a well-timed changeup is still a devastating out pitch . Another aspect that keeps me playing is the career mode , where I can manage three levels of minor-league teams , draft rookies every year , and invest a lot of emotional capital in new players I have developed myself . There are lots of good details included in the game as well , such as a batting-practice interface for working on your hitting , a mid-season all-star game , trading with other teams , customizable leagues and seasons , and a head-to-head-with-another-present-human mode which is quite fun -LRB- and easy to set up if you both have Sidewinder Gamepads , my preferred peripheral for this game -RRB- . There are a few downsides ... the minor leagues are initially stocked with made-up players , and not real minor-leaguers . The graphics are good but not great -LRB- I 'm not complaining -- they 're perfectly fine for me -- I 'm just noting that other baseball games have slicker visuals -RRB- . Base-stealing and defense are reasonably well-executed , although I still make terrible errors on both counts sometimes -LRB- partly from brain spasms on my part but not totally -- I think the interface for these aspects could still be improved -RRB- . Overall , however , this is by far the best implementation of a baseball simulation I 've ever played .
 I was one of the biggest advocates of EA 's Triple Play series . After the letdown of Triple Play 2000 and 2001 , -LRB- They have n't made a good one since 1998 -RRB- I began to be turned off by PC Baseball games . Until , I found HH 2000 . And this game , HH 2001 , is even better than its predesessor . The graphics are gorgeous . The AI is the most intelligent I have ever seen in a baseball game . The physics are pinpoint accurate . Outfielders ca n't throw laser beams from the wall to the catcher in 2 seconds . The pitcher/batter interface is the BEST of any game . And , perhaps the greatest gameplay feature that it has over all other games : YOU CAN ACTUALLY DRAW WALKS WHILE BATTING . -- This may not sound like much , but believe me , it makes the game so much more realistic.The player editor is a great feature , letting you tweak players abilities -LRB- for instance , if you leave it the way it is , Mike Sweeney would be a career .270 hitter ... we all know he 's better than that ! -RRB- :--RRB- You can guide your franchise through an infinite amount of seasons . I have one of my teams in the year 2087 right now.There are so many features that this game offers but I ca n't talk about all of them in this limited space . But , if you love baseball , you 'll absolutely fall in love with this game . Buy it now if you have n't already .
 This game , although it has a few minor flaws , is easily the best sports sim on the market right now , and ranks up there with classics such as Earl Weaver Baseball , Front Page Sports Football and Madden.The game play , especially the batter/pitcher matchup are almost perfect . The ability to move fielders and make plays is excellent . And , the all around feel is like playing in a real game.Minor stat errors and a fairly poor minor league system take a way from the game a little but , but these items can easily be fixed with 3rd party applications available on the internet on High Heat user sites.If you have a fast connection , online play is worth triple the price you pay for this game ! There is nothing like playing an actual person in a tight game . Online player rankings are also available and used for this game.Although EA 's Triple Play has fancier graphics , the gameplay and realisticness of High Heat makes Triple Play seem like the old Atari basball from the 1970 's .
 This is my 1st High Heat game and I have had it for only 3 days and I love it . This game is great for someone who wants to be a manager and not really play the game . -LRB- I do n't have a joystick so I have n't been able to play the game . -RRB- But the GM mode and the minor leagues allow you to do all of the things that a manager would do like manage rosters and develop players in the minors . I had Triple Play 2000 and it was terrible compared to this game .
 WOW !!!! Play for as long as you want ! really ... . Great game ! Good downloads , patches , ect ... looks , feels , sounds like the real thing . The fact that you can make your own players , make the HOF , be on the DL for over a year ... well it is just like the real thing , I know I said that already but this is the FIRST AND LAST game you will every need . an the idea that I can play many many many many ... ect , seasons ... well nothing else is needed !
 If you ever wanted a baseball game on the PC , this is the obvious choice . This game has great graphics , but more importantly , it is very realistic . Unlike other games you often throw balls and walk batters in this game , which is just like the Majors . You can do everything from exibition games , seasons or just a good ol' Home Run Derby . The physics of the game are very realistic as well , and the controls are superb . Works very well with keyboard or the Microsoft Sidewinder . You can even do a fantasy draft and draft your very own team , play in any stadium you wish and more . Another great feature is the patch updates available from the 3D0 website . I patched the game from the End of 1999 Rosters to the beginning of 2000 Rosters , so my players , teams and stats are always up to date . Soon after the 2000 season I 'm sure they will release another roster update , which is something most baseball games on the PC never see . Highly reccomended , easily the best baseball game ever made for the PC .
 The game has it all ! I enjoy simulation games , but am always looking to spice up my game collection with gear that uses different approaches to that same-old-song-and dance . Sammy Sosa 's High Heat Baseball 2001 gave me the simulation/management aspect of the game , while allowing me to play the game as well -LRB- if I choose to do so -RRB- . Truth be told , I bought the game as an alternative to some other sports games , because it had the ability to be more than just `` Baseball Mogul '' or some glorified fantasy baseball simulation . And , I did n't need a 3d video card , either!I did n't realize at the time that the game would end up ranking as one of my all time favorites . I 'm not a sports person , but SSHH2001 has hooked me . I find myself playing both the simulation aspect and the `` baseball game '' aspect about equally . And , as with all GOOD games , you never end up with the same game twice.The play-by-play in SSHH2001 is predictable after a while , but has improved my swing and my eye for hitting that slider or fastball . I 'm still having trouble with the change-up , but I am sure that with more batting practice , even I will improve . The graphics are not the world 's best , but I ca n't complain given all the other fabulous goodies -- home run derby , customizable seasons , draft picks , develop your own farm teams , batting practice with ability to set the types of pitches , simulating seasons , trades , a High Heat MVP , stats that have a bearing on game simulation performance ... the list goes on . And for the price , it 's got ta be one of the best baseball games around . Heck ... even 3DO guarantees your satisfaction . What have you got to lose ?
 April 12 , 2002I 've tried `` Triple Play '' and `` Hardball '' , and rate `` High Heat '' higher than both . This copy has servedme for two years . It 's plusses are many.It has the first and foremost necessity to be a goodbaseball game
 I just got this game ysterday form Amazon and I think it has to be one of the best games Ive seen so far ! Graphics are really good and the camera angles are unbelieveable !
 My former baseball team teammate and now video game programmer/company-owner initially recommended High Heat Baseball to me . He was dead on because this is by far the best baseball game I 've played so far . The individual major league stadiums and player profiles are realistic . The best part of this game is the realism with player/pitcher match-ups . It is not that ` EASY ' to get a bunch of runs yet with practice and good players the stats are reflected commesurately . As a hardcore baseball fan and stats enthusiast this game has kept me up to the wee hours of the night ! It 's addictive ; the custom league and drafts are alot of fun as well . I 'd highly recommend this if you love baseball games !
 This one beats em ' all . I have a real crumby old computer and ca n't even run the actual play mode of the game , however , being a loyal Strat-o-matic subject , this game offers all the stats I need . I just manager the roster , make trades , line-up and manager tendency decision and let the computer simulate the game . I have spent alot of time studying scouting reports and building line-up and rotations . I 'm telling you , I would probably be divorced if I could actually PLAY the games on field . If you are a stat nut , this is for you . The best computer baseball simulation ever . And I 've tried EACH ONE . I 'm NOT KIDDING .
 I 've been playing baseball on computers since HardBall ! on myC64 , back in the mid-80s . That game stressed the arcade element , forsure , but it was loads of fun . I tried Triple Play and HardBall on the PC , but they were lacking in ... something . That something was realism . High Heat 01 comes a LOT closer than those other games to feeling `` real '' . I was disappointed to see cartoony ball and bat animations in this version , but was pleased to see that I could turn them off.The graphics are very good but not great . The UI is not perfect . But when compared to others , High Heat shines . END
 HH2001 is an incremental improvement over the ' 2000 edition ; what 's best about it is they did not mangle the game 's scintillating pitcher/batter interface . Sure , it 's hard to learn how to hit in this game , but hey , that 's major league baseball ! What makes this process fun from both sides is that the simulation is solid enough to require you to think like a major leaguer . Ahead in the count ? throw the high heater . Behind , with runners on ? Keep the leadoff guy close , and throw strikes with the hope that your outfield shift is gon na catch Jim Thome hitting it right , rather than somehow pushing into the HUGE gap in left field . It 's impressive -- the same agonies and thrills i experience as a fan of the game are mine to relive within HH2001 's comprehensive physics and gameplay engine . That 's the mark of a great sports sim -- you apply your real-world knowledge rather than concoct some wierd scheme to adapt to a its shortcomings.Negatives ? Well , the graphics are still goofy . Players have strangly craned necks and the facial scans are sometimes downright scary -LRB- Sean Casey of the Reds appears to have been run over by a train repeatedly prior to gametime -RRB- . The player voice sounds are comical -LRB- like Charlie Nagy would ever shout , `` Grab some pine ! '' at a strikeout victim . Oh , brother . -RRB- and the animations too often over the top -LRB- charging the mound , etc. -RRB- . But the graphics in now way impede great gameplay.In short
 Ecellent game ! The best sports game I 've ever bought . This one actually keeps my attention after I get a season started , I usually ca n't get past the first two to three weeks in other sports titles . Buy it now ! and this is a great price too !
 This was by far the best baseball game of it 's era . Obviously , technology has rendered the graphics of this title obsolete and playing with 2000-2001 rosters is n't all that appealing . That said , I think this was still the best baseball game available until MLB The Show 2009 . This was a better product than the MVP series by EA Sports , despite being many years older . If you want a classic baseball game , this is the best choice .
 This game is the best ! Do n't waste any time with Triple Play , or Hardball . I 've played both , and they are both terrible . High Heat beats both of them by a mile . Not only are the graphics great , but the game play is awesome too . Buy this game !
 If you 're taking the time to read this , you 're more than likely to have a light interest in baseball . Let 's get down . HH2001 is the best thing of baseball I 've ever seen on computer . Despite everyon ` es fascination with the long ball , the true beauty rests in the cat and mouse struggle that occurs about 250 times , every game . Everytime the pitcher throws the ball , it 's a game unto itself . You must use strategy to get past the opposing team . The design team has made a perfect interface . It 's simple , but it gives an incredible amount of depth and diversity . Thankfully , the pitchers are n't strike machines . When you 're pitching , you 'll give a realistic number of walks . True to life . Now I 'm done with the gameplay . It gives the most compelling experience I 've ever had with a sports game . The look of the High Heat games has always appealed to me . This one continues , but with better texturing work , and higher polygon players . All in all , a trule excellent sports game .
 Great everything ! Good graphics , game play , easy to learn , easy installation , if you are looking for a great baseball game , then here it is ! Has everything to do . Batting practice , homerun derby , seasons , custom leagues , everything ! I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants to play baseball on their computer .
 Simply the best baseball game you can get . More features than anyone else , yet easy enough to pick up and play . If you want a home run derby , maybe get Triple Play , but if you want real baseball -LRB- AND home run derby ... -RRB- , get High Heat .
 I 'd love to play the full version of this superb game , but it is n't available in Europe . The demo is fantastic , the gameplay and graphics are infinitely better than Microsoft and EA Sports offerings . So come on 3DO , release the damn game in England please !
 There 's no wonder why so many magazines call this one of thegreatest GAMES -LRB- not only sports -RRB- of all time . There is so much depththat it is unbelievable . Although at times the graphics and sound are a tad bit weak , that is more than made up for by the gameplay . Batting practice , Home Run Derby , all the NEW stadiums and OLD -LRB- Comerica AND Tiger Stadium -RRB- , it 's awesome . You wo n't be dissapointed ! END
 There 's so many baseball games out there , that a lot of people do n't know which one to buy . But I 'll tell you something - BUY SAMMY SOSA HIGH HEAT BASEBALL 2001 . I 'm telling you it 's the best ! I 'll tell you why
 This high heat was a definate improvement over the previous one . The first thing i noticed was that the players look and feel was much smoother . The players also looked alot better . Unlike HH2k the models did ` nt all look like brett butler . The homerun derby is pretty much the same , except for the smoother stroke , and there is a custom season feature which was a pleasant surprise . High heat 2001 delivers .
 I first got the demo out of a Computer Gaming World magazine , and loved it ! I played it with all my friends and they loved it too . When I got the game , I was very excited . i installed it and the game wass amazing ! it had all the teams and had great graphics . I am really impressed with Sammy Sosa high heat baseball 2001 !
 If you enjoyed City of Heros you will enjoy City of Villains . New Achetypes and powers , new costumes and new areas to explore all add to the flavor of being a bad guy . Many of the powers are duplicates of the hero 's powers , but that should n't really be a surprise , what is nice is they are combined in different ways requiring different styles of play to achieve your goals . There are subtle but important differences to playing a villain which bring hours of fun . City of Heros also introduces bases which can be built by the players once they have gained enough influance . Putting your very own torture chamber into the dungeon is hard to beat . Another good point for this game , you only have to pay for one subscription to play City of Heros or City of Villains . So what are you waiting for , release your inner megalomaniac and join the villains in crushing those self rightous do-gooders and make a few bucks on the side .
 I think that I fall in the middle of the previous reviews . I am a veteran MMO player starting with the Ultima Online beta test so many years ago . I have n't played them all , but I 've played a lot of them.The most popular game on the market now is World of Warcraft . Its smooth interface , superb art direction , and easy game play attract many players . But , like any MMO it gets boring after you reach the top and start grinding high end content . Enter City of Heroes/Villains . City of Heroes/Villains is not quite the polished game that WoW is , but it has some very compelling elements . While the back ground stories and world may not be as rich , they are better than most MMOs on the market . I played CoH when it was released , then went to WoW . When I became bored with WoW I tried other games , but being spoiled by Blizzards production value I found them lack luster . Not so CoH . I can still play this game without feeling the grind too bad.CoH has a quick mission -LRB- quest -RRB- system that gets you in the fight quickly . It has a group matching system that quickly easily allows you to find other players to do missions with . In my opinion this is better than WoW . No running around LFG -LRB- Looking for Group -RRB- to find players to adventure with . The interface makes it quick and easy and people use it.Most missions are short and can be done quickly . You can usually be in and out in :30 to an hour . There are longer chained missions -LRB- called task forces -RRB- for those that like longer games and greater challenges.There are no `` Magic Items '' to pick up . Rewards come in the form of `` Inspirations '' -LRB- temporary buffs -RRB- , Enhancements -LRB- permanent augmentations for your super powers -RRB- , and Influence -LRB- like money - used to buy alternate costumes and custom augmentations for your super powers -RRB- . The power sets are many and compelling . The travel powers are interesting . They are comprised of Super Jump , Flight , Teleport , and Super Speed . All are fun -LRB- particularly Super Jump -RRB- and get you places fast . Not only that , they are fun to use and explore with.CoH / CoV has a lot to offer MMO fans . I would consider it the number 2 MMO on the market and I highly recommend it if you need a break from the fantasy genre .
 my computer had the same video problem when issue 5 was released . on the main CoH screen where u log on there was a message that said my vid card drivers were old and it may not function properly . i have a radeon 9800 pro and i downloaded the 5.1 catalyst drivers and everything worked fine after that :D . anyways CoV is an awesome game . new maps , cool new missions , powers , archetypes , costumes galore ! love it .
 If you already own the game then this upgrade can be handy for unlocking one of the alcolade badges -LRB- earned by owning this version & the heroes deluxe version -RRB- & the arachnos chest emblem with matching cape.if you can get this for $ 20 or less I say its a great upgrade for in game items!please see the regular game version for a review of the actual game .
 I have been playing on both City of Heroes -LRB- CoH -RRB- and City of Villians -LRB- CoV -RRB- for one year now and am still happy with the gameplay . Occassional delays due to updates occur , but they are managable and may result in a few hours of dealing with issues , it is not that serious of an event . These stoppages usually occur briefly after a major update to the game , about every two or three months . A lot of drama over them from some people , but I can handle it . The gameplay is `` grinding '' in style -LRB- go hit , hit , go hit again , etc. not any puzzles or searches etc. -RRB- but you rarely feel that way while playing . The graphics are beautiful , and compared to other games , I find them the the most appealing . The main draw is the community of people . You play to find a niche of players similar to you ... mature , casual gaming , player versus player core , role-playing , you will find the type of crowd you want to be with . The hundreds of character design options is fantastic -LRB- compared to the relatively minute offerings of other online MMORPGs -RRB- , the character types , and the numerous badges and side missions are set up where you can not get them all in one shot , you have to branch out in different characters to see all the content . Only a markdown in rating due to graphic and software compatability issues , but the company 's customer support is great and very helpful . Last bonus ... fairly solid kid safe play environment -LRB- my pre-teens play it -RRB- , profanity filters and a core of mature players keep the field nice for young ones as well .
 I wanted to take a moment to tell you about * why * I bought this game . I play City of Heroes , and what makes it a good gaming experience is that the path -- from taking the shrink-wrap off that box to playing the game -- is short and sweet . The way PlayNC runs the company has impressed me again , and here 's why : I purchased this boxed set at 29.99 . It costs me no more money than I 'm already paying to have a City of Heroes membership , but what 's more , there 's a free month of gameplay in the box that will go into my account and give me a credit of 14.95 . Do the math and I 'm only paying about 15 dollars to join.But I ran into a problem
 The city of Villains is a stand alone sequel of my favorite game City of Heroes . To be honest I was expecting much more as COH player from the new game and I do n't blame all these people who criticize it but there is something that we should take seriously under consideration and this that it is a stand alone game and that is how we must see it . I noticed that all the new players who never played COH just loved this game and this shows that my personal complain as an old player of the old game and my expectations should not be as criterion to judge the City of Villains.If you see it from this side COV is a very special game . All the heroes you can create are big fun and so unique . I would not advise non experienced players to try the player versus player mode and in general I believe that such options should be avoided from those who create such smart new age games . If you have spend hundreds of hours building your hero around Atlas City I am sure you will not be very impressed with this title but if you did not I strongly recommend you to buy and play this game it is something exceptional.P.S . check for dr.Kickass allways available to join you for a mish lol
 I 've been playing CoH for 6 years , and CoV since it came out . From the early days of street sweeping to the difficult and extremely fun incarnate missions and arc missions of today , I have always returned to CoH/CoV . Right now , I 'm splitting my time between a Villian SG and a Heroes SG trying to decide which to stick with . Its hard to decide , all my characters -LRB- 50 -RRB- are a blast to play.I have four level 85 characters in WoW , and a SpellHowler in Lineage2 , and an epic battleship in EVE , and still I have ended up canceling those subscriptions and coming back to CoH/CoV . Nothing can beat it for fun , variety , and the urge to create yet another new character and level it to 50 so it becomes even harder to decide which character to play .
 Want to be a super-hero ? This is your chance ! Want to be a super-villian ? This is also your chance!I 'll get the bad stuff out of the way
 CoV is great ! Stand-alone or as an add-in to City of Heroes . This is the very best MMORPG on the market - by far !
 I have 2 City of Heroes accounts . My main account is 8 years old and my 2nd I picked up last summer when they offered a month of play for new ones for 99 cents . All of these boxed versions can add game time to your account . I picked this up for $ 5 and got a new batch of Hero-clicks -LRB- ** even Ghost Widow ! ** -RRB- , the art book , poster and 1 month game time for my 2nd account . FYI , you can only use one of each edition on each account . -LRB- I bought this for my main at release time for $ 60 ! loved it then too -RRB- If you are new to CoH or just love the game and never picked up this set , grab it . It 's a great way to get some cheaper game time and some really nifty goodies as CoH swag is hard to come by . -LRB- They are adding some new things -LRB- buttons , mugs , mousepads maybe ?? who knows -RRB- very soon to the revamped store that NCSOFT is releasing very soon ! -RRB- *** Ghost Widow was left out of a bunch of these during packing for pre-release by accident . You were able to send away to them during the first month or two of release to get your missing GW . I had to . It was nice to find it in this box ! ***
 bought this game for myself my husband and all 3 kids everyone plays it loads of everlasting fun and a great deal fast shipping and good service
 Been playing this game for years , and it is still top of my list for MMOs . Honestly though , I only wound up buying this collector 's edition for the addition of using the Arachnos capes for some of my characters that are now hopping to Villain 's from Hero side thanks to the new Going Rogue expansion . If I am going to play as the bad guys , I might as well have those characters look the part . Was suprised to see so much in the box when I got it . The game -LRB- in a jewel case not some junk paper sleeve -RRB- , Villain 's Edition instruction guide , art book for both City of Heroes and City of Villains , promo deck for City of Heroes card game -LRB- first I had heard of , guessing it was a project that never really got off the ground -RRB- , and 7 small figurines of major characters . Wound up with all of the top Villains -LRB- missing Scirroco though -RRB- , plus Statesman , Manticore , and Positron.My only problem now though , with even more costume options , how many more alts will this cause me to make ?
 If there 's anything you need to know about this game it 's how great it 's customizability is . You can make your character look like anything you can imagine -LRB- Champions Online tried to copy this to an extent but falls way short of what 's possible in this game -RRB- . You 're also given up to 5 different costumes you can make for each character , which you can switch back and forth from at will.The gameplay is very fluid & fun . I would describe it as a hybrid of an old-school side scroller -LRB- it is fully 3D though -RRB- + a classical RPG . It has all the action fun you can stand + lots and lots of story if you want -LRB- though you 're not required to know any of it to progress -RRB- . I bought this version for the collectibles , but any version you get now allows you access to City of Heroes and City of Villains -LRB- even though this just says CoV -RRB- . It comes with a free month of time as well , so it 's almost free if you consider that a month is normally $ 15 -LRB- check Amazon though , you can usually get a 60 days `` PlayNC '' card for less per month -RRB- . With issue 17 -LRB- they name their game updates issues , like comic books -RRB- they introduced `` Ultra Mode '' which was a major graphical update and really makes the game shine now . It looks better than most new games & way better than the majority of MMO games out there.This game is a bargain considering the amount of fun & content it offers .
 This game is AWESOME !!! The character customization is like no other . No two characters are ever the same unless you choose to make them that way . I have tried other games , but this is the game I have stuck with for 3 years .
 Not only is this product a steal for all the bonus stuff you get BUT this game is a blast . If you do n't own it , buy it . And if you do own it , then buy it anyway and add it to your account for the extra bonuses you will get in-game for it . It also comes with a free month , trials of other games , a deck of cards of the CoH card game , an art book , and a whole set of hero clix figures.P.S . for those who know , the one I got from Amazon was one of the original box sets , so it was -LRB- like many of them -RRB- missing the Ghost Widow hero clix . Everything else is there and in great condition . Still a great deal !
 I 'm a little biased being a long-time CoH / CoV player , but at the Amazon price , it 's hard not to pass this up.The content in CoV is great for a teen-based game . No blood or gore like M rated games , but you still get to do bad guy stuff like rob banks , ransack city blocks , plant bombs , kidnap hapless dupes , throw down with heroes -LRB- both NPCs and optionally player heroes -RRB- , etc.You can also build lairs and super bases . CoH players can use CoV to do this too , as well as to gain access to CoV 's PvP zones.Players who have both games get four extra character slots per server also.My only complaint is that CoV is a little weak as a stand-alone game . Compared with the older brother that 's CoH , it lacks zones and a bit of content comparatively . Most of the new expansion content is created for both games , but that still means CoV has a deficit in regards to number of zones and amount of content.The content it does contain , however , is good and very story-driven . Enthralling mission info compliments the missions nicely . Some of it is just damn funny - villain monologues , mad scientists , evil plots , etc.The real steal isw what 's inside the box . Fans and HeroClix players will enjoy the CoH/CoV gamepiecces inside . My personal favorite though is the Art of CoH / CoV book that comes with the box.All in all , a great box for the price , and a great game too !
 Easy to get into and play . does require a little more PC power to run than City of Heroes does . Overall a great game to get into . Great new content .
 First of all , you can play all the way to max level without taking part in PVP . Im not sure who the dude is that complained about the new zones only being PVP , but they are not . only specific zones are pvp , and they are the ones the heroes get to enter also . -LRB- maybe he was talking from a hero standpoint ? -RRB- whatever the case , there is absolutely nothing forcing you to take part in pvp . There are no quests that force you to go there , no items from there you have to have , absolutely no reason to go there , unless you want to pvp . I actually wish CoV would have had MORE pvp , but I suppose what they do have is ok.As for the rest , in city of heroes , when you punch a guy so hard he flies through the air , lands on his face , and then disappears . . guess what buddy , you did n't just `` Defeat '' him . the game may say that , but you just knocked that dude into the river . sorry to burst your fuzzy bunny bubble.Both games are just two sides of the same coin , and they are very very similar in almost all respects . if you like CoH , you will like CoV , unless you have moral issues with playing a `` villain , '' in which case , please pick up City of Heroes so I have somebody else to stomp in PvP.I 've been playing for months now and have had no problems with anything on the technical side . It seems rock solid to me , though the beta was rough in parts . The graphics are fantastic , if you have the power to turn on all the cool features and you are n't playing on a laptop , which requires a whole lot more technical experience to get to function like a desktop . I am in the Dungeons and Dragons online beta , and I would put the graphics in CoV up against that any time .
 City of Villans is a great addition to the City of Hero 's . instead of the 8 chearacters you would get if you had either one singally , add villans to an existing account -LRB- or get Hero 's to add to the account you start with villans -RRB- and get 12 characters per server ! the character design is where you 'll have problems deciding what you want , as there are soooooo many costumes ! The game play can get repetative but it 's not too bad and the scenery is quite stunning . Over all I give game play 3 stars but character design 5 stars !
 loved this game had alot of fun making characters and trying out the different abilities.BUT one HUGE problem for me and i know there is other like me and have the same problem.this is a 3rd person game but for some reason it does to me what ONLY first person shooters do , and that is cause MASSIVE migraines , bad eye strain , and nausea.and this game caused it to me 10x worse than i 've ever had before , i even tried using motion sickness pills did n't help , and lasted days after i stopped playing it.so if you have the same problems as me stay away from this game , but if you have no trouble playing first person shooters then you should have no problems.there is no gear in this game to farm endless hours for btw its all about the fun and it was : -RRB-
 I loved the game , great graphics and good story line . It did have a few bugs , but what game does n't ? The level designs are some of the best I 've seen . Until you play the game and see the mirrored floor room and the stained glass floor you fall through , you can not appreciate it . The locations go from under ground castles with running lava pits to open outside snowy streets . Very Cool . I would recommend the game very highly . Plus Human Head provided a great source of information on their web site at ... . Download the demo then buy the full version you wo n't be disappointed .
 First thing
 Having played through the entire set of single player levels included with Rune , I can only say this ... `` I want MORE ! '' Granted ... the multiplayer aspect is a bit on the weak side , but it certainly has it 's moments . I enjoy 1 vs 1 battles the most , and I have to admit ; there 's few pleasures in online gaming that can measure up to cutting off your friends head ... waiting for him to respawn ... then beating him mercilessly to death with his own noggin . It truly makes multiplayer Rune worthwhile 8 -RRB- Not to mention hilarious ... The single player Rune is a great way to kill a day or two . Amazing graphics abound -LRB- though a bit on the dark side ... I had to max out the screen brightness to see where I was going -RRB- and fully customizable controls make it a great play . Though I 'm not partial to 3rd person shooters or any Tomb Raider-type games , I found this game quite an enjoyable play . And , on the most difficult setting , downright evil . More stuff to kill would be cool , but I still died plenty of times . At least I 'm a chronic saver 8 -RRB- A little more music would have been nice , but the music that IS there is great and sets the mood well.I 'd recommend this game to pretty much anybody that loves a good solid single player game , or anyone that enjoys deathmatch with friends . -LRB- I never fully enjoyed DM unless I knew who I was killing . -RRB- I recommend picking up a copy 8 -RRB-
 The single player is fun , perhaps the storyline leads a little to be desired , but it is still fun seeking revenge with the help of Odin.The multiplayer , however is some excellent fun ! The weapons are extrodinary , the levels are well put together , and there are a ton of new levels to download off the Internet . A friend and I have spent hours playing Rune . It 's a nice change to the `` shoot the rocket launcher first persons '' on the market today . They really should consider a sequel that would introduce some new graphics and put a multiplayer twist to the idea of Enclave .2 Thumbs up , if you 're in for a hack/slash game this is your best bet for the PC !
 After I purchased a new PC in November 2000 for gaming , I was a bit disappointed for a few months . The computer was great , and my old favorite games ran better on the new machine , but the only new game I could find that I really like was Unreal Tournament.Then came Rune . I tried the demo first and was pleased enough to buy the game . I certainly have n't been disappointed with this game.Let me tell you the bad news first because there is n't much . Rune has an excess of jumping puzzles . Jumping puzzles can be fun , and some of these puzzles in Rune are engaging , but it gets to the point that I say enough!OK , here 's the good news . Rune has perhaps the best graphics in any game I 've played . In one of the levels the software renders a very convincing reflective floor . And the artwork is great ! Many of the levels take you into a rich fantasyland full of monsters , dwarves , huge buildings , and steam-belching machines . And despite what the critics have alleged , Rune has plenty of intense combat where your survival is rarely assured , and the levels nicely compliment this combat.If you like Unreal you 'll probably like Rune . If you 're not convinced Rune is a great game , then download the demo . At any rate , if you want my opinion , Rune is one cool game that I know I 'll be playing for years to come .
 Players are challenged to trade old `` first person shooter '' tactics in for new strategies and methods of attack because the only weapons are clubs , axes , swords and shields . Rune has vivid Viking scenery and includes a version of UnreaEd -LRB- an editor -RRB- for creating new levels and modifications to guts of the game.I 'd recommend this game to any die-hard gamer .
 Rune combines beautiful graphics , hack-and-slash gameplay , and an authentic narrative that draws on the rich roots of Norse mythology . The god Odin maintains peace and order in Midgard , while his nemesis , Loki , the God of Chaos , seeks the opposite . The world of Ragnarok is protected by runestones , which also keep Loki at bay . A Viking , Conrack , attempts to destroy the runestones to hasten the fall of Ragnarok and free Loki.Ragnar , the appointed guardian of the village Wotenkeld 's runestone , has just become a member of the guardians , or Odinsblade . Receiving word that Conrack has struck again , Ragnar hastens on a longboat with his father to engage the enemy , only to see his comrades and kin brutally struck down by magic . Fortunately for Ragnarok , Ragnar survives , and you must guide him in his quest to thwart Loki and save the world.Rune 's 45 + levels contain a multitude of mythical enemies , including goblins , skeletons , dwarves , snakes , fish , crabs , Vikings , and bosses . The encounters scale appropriately , starting out small and becoming increasingly more difficult as the adventure progresses.As a Viking , Ragnar engages his foes with various weapons , including axes , swords , and maces . There are five different types in each category , ranging from the weak Viking short sword to the powerful dwarf battle hammer . Each weapon is empowered with a supernatural force when used in conjunction with one of the runestones , and their powers depend on the number of power-ups Ragnar has acquired . Using the stones drain rune power , forcing you to replenish their power by picking up more stones along the way.The combat system is effective yet simple . Battles are handled through a keyboard-mouse combination , with the left mouse button controlling your weapon strike and the right used for defense . There 's more to Rune than combat , of course , as Ragnar faces a variety of puzzles , from find-the-switch and jumping puzzles to manipulating complex machinery . Perhaps the biggest challenge he faces is which path to take , as there are enough dead ends and confusing passageways to frustrate some gamers.Rune makes excellent use of lighting effects in the game , adding plenty of atmosphere and color to drab surroundings . But , for all that , the overall effect is still of a dark world , even the outside environments . Textures are beautifully sculpted in the caverns of Hel , through icy Midgard , and the Dwarflands . The characters , while a bit stereotypical , are well detailed and animated , and few awkward camera views are evident , with cut-scenes that help maintain continuity.The biggest drawback to the game , however , is the lack of staying power . After a slow but promising start and the paced introduction of increasingly difficult foes , gameplay eventually bogs down as you slog your way through 47 levels . One can only explore and hack his or her way through so many tunnels and hallways of seemingly similar construction before tiring of the fight . Also , the number of different enemies seems disproportionate to the length of the game , and the number of skeletons seems disproportionate to the number of enemies.The simplicity of combat eventually works against continued interest as the long , drawn out affair becomes tedious , despite the combinations . Scores and scores of skeletons roam the world , and once the secret to slaying the bony nuisances is discovered , it 's easy . Other complaints include a rare but annoying glitch that causes the inventory to disappear , and unintentional game killers caused by slaying something or someone you were n't supposed to . In terms of length , this is a good example of the designers going for length over quality.Despite good graphics and excellent sound , Rune falls short of its potential due to various flaws , glitches , and a lack of variation over the long haul . Rune is a prime example of not being able to judge a game by it 's pretty exterior .
 The graphics , the sound , and the melee ' weaponry , combined , give this game all the fun and excitement one can hope for . I 'm generally an fps gamer . This game has gotten me into the third person mode , although , with the turn of the mouse wheel you can be in first person mode . The graphics are outstanding . The sound incredible . If your looking for action , look no further . Give this game a try , you 'll be glad you did.Highly recommended .
 After seeing the trailer , I KNOW that this game is going to be one of the best games ever !!! Great graphics , along with story line and gameplay surely makes this game worthwhile !!!! Pre-Order it Today !!!
 Just what i olways wanted a Really fast melee based game ! definately one for the books Quake1 , Unreal now RUNE !
 Awesome single player experience and the multi-player is really cool . Nothing like going mano et mano in battle .
 When I saw the trailer for this game , I just knew I would be buying this game . It 's gon na rock hard core . It has won 3 awards from its E3 2000 showing , including -LRB- but not limited to -RRB- 2 Best Action Game of Show . If you 've ever had a taste for fantasy or of times when people duked it out in melee combat , then this game is probably for you !
 Rune one a lot of awards at E3 and after seeing the trailer -LRB- if you havent see it -RRB- I was so excited I was jumping around in my room . This for a lot of people has to be the most anticipated game of the year . I think it will do almost as good as Halflife . The graphics are incredible . The game uses the Unreal engine , but it has been heavily modified . When you get so close to something it looks so real you could almost touch it . Ragnar , the main character , can carry 4 different classes of weapons . He can carry swords , throwing things , axes , and hammers . This is a game I 'm for shore going to get . Even thought it doesnt come out till October 31 . This game will rock , anybody who likes halflife or other slashing games , should buy this game , lots of action and of course adventure . Great Game !
 Simply amazing . The only single player experience to date that can give Half-Life a challenge . If you do n't like single player then this game is not for you.I saw a previous review that gave it 2 stars because the multiplayer was n't up to his standards . Human Head said it in the past and they 'll say it again and again , Rune is a single player game -LRB- one of the best at that -RRB- w / some multiplayer.And I thank my lucky Runes for that because it really shows in the high quality of the single player experience .
 This is quite a good game , however it might not be something you enjoy.It plays kin of like Tomb Raider , without the acrobatics , so it is kind of limited , and the enemies and puzzles are more tedious than exciting . Who cares about jellyfish , giant cockroaches and triffid plants?It is interesting , however , and beautifully displayed - the clouds are magnificent , the scenery is great , and you will be enveloped in a Viking theme.It is a bit disappointing to witness the Christianification of Norse mythology , however , I do n't see why Loki has to be made `` evil '' when he was mischieveous and was symbolically another face of Odin.Nevertheless , the game is quite good and enjoyable , you do take on an air of fearless Viking bravado , the playing style is more suited to rushing in brandishing a sword than stepping back.It is a shame they do n't make a new episode with day - to day role playing behaviour , things like going on raids , joining in a war , non-lethal brawling in a tavern , and the enemy can be cold winters , rival families , other countries ... if you added ranged weapons and a roleplaying storyline with multiple paths and a bit of empire building , -LRB- and some AI -RRB- this could be one of the greatest games ever made . The atmosphere is that good - just add some good gaming to it!So try it out if you are interested , it certainly is fun . Mostly .
 This is what I 've been waiting for ever since I started gaming . It makes my viking Blood boil ! The animations are awesome , the enviroment could n't be scarier , the graphics , the lights ... what can I say ? What an adventure ! Pure Fun ! Never had such a great time Hack 'n' Slaying the evil forces of Midgard ... Wish there were more Multiplayer maps but I 'm sure there 'll be an update soon . Congratulations to Human Head and GodGames ! Love you for this .
 ... and love every frame of it ! * hack * * slash * * head rolls * hahaha , I might change my position about how games 'cause violence in our kiddies -LRB- not -RRB- . That said , I do n't think you should be buying this for your kiddo for Christmas ... buy it for youself and be evil for once . Graphics
 Rune is an great third person action adventure game . You play Ragnar a viking warrior bought back to life after he along with his father and many other warriors were killed by Conrack . The god Odin bought Ragner back to life to kill Conrack who worships the evil god Loki and stop his evil plans . I played Rune on the Direct3D video mode and it runs very smooth . It is a very beautifull game , the most beautifull single player adventure gameplay since unreal . The graphics are fantastic , The texures are very detailed and they look real , Real looking rock textures , Reflective ice surfaces , Waters that ripples , It is built on the Unreal Tournament engine . Rune 's gameplay is very good , It remindes me of Heretic II . It is a very long game with more than 40 large levels . The levels are not very hard to get through but very fun . The third person camera for the game is a very good choice and the view is flawless . The weapons are also very good , all of them close combat weapons like swords , mace , axe ect , They can be made very powerfull when charged with rune power . You could also pick up a severed limb or head of the enemy you defeated and fight using that as a weapon , Really cool . And to restore health your charecter eats lizards -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- , leg of meat ect . The only flaw is that the game is quite linear , even the end boss is not hard . Besides that Rune is a very good action adventure game . If you like Rune get Heretic II even though it does not have great graphics compared to new games you will surely like it .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I can tell you is that this game was completely addicting to me . The graphics were superb . The action/combat scenarios were thrilling . If you are the least bit into Nordic mythology and Viking lore , you wo n't go wrong with this game . Enjoy !
 Rune is a lot of fun . It is different than many of the shooter games that are out there because of its style of combat . Also the view is in 3rd person perspective . Some gamers may not enjoy this viewpoint , but Human Head , the team that programmed this game , did a tremendous job with it.The eye candy , or graphics , in Rune is stunning . Probably the best that I 've ever seen . A word -LRB- s -RRB- of warning though
 First off , you MUST get the update patch for this game -LRB- go to the companies website . -RRB- If you do not you may be unfortunate enough to experience a glitch that prevents a door from opening and thus keeps you from advancing in the game . This is why I did not give the game 5 stars.The best thing about this game is that it is different . GOD did a very good job with using the power behind the Unreal
 Now , before we begin this review lets get this straight . If you have come into this game thinking that it is like Unreal/Unreal Tournament just because it was made on the unreal engine , you are totally wrong . Now that we have that out of the way in this game you start out as a viking warrior , who is taking revenge . Smooth gameplay and special things such as Rune Power make this game one that you will be playing until you beat it one or two times . Rune also allows multi-player capabilites to increase the carnage . The overhead view of the character is that of Metal Gear Solid or Tenchi -LRB- both playstation games , Metal Gear a PC game now -RRB- . Get this game if you want a keeper Good luck !
 This By far is the best game I have ever played . Not only deos it have stunning graphics ... but the game play is like no other.For anyone that liked
 Rune is an awesome game in both Single Player and MultiPlayer , but it does have some flaws.There are too few types of creatures and they are everywhere , like the snake plants . I 'd rather have had more puzzles not just hack & slash . The level design is wonderful , especially some of the floors . Except for the weapons master , and the god-like creature , none of the combats were difficult just annoying.Multiplayer is wonderful , but seems a little laggy compared to UT . Wish there were more DM Maps or more variant mods for it like UT . But those will come , mark my words.This is the first multiplayer game that embraces hand-to-hand combat , like Daikatana was `` supposed to do '' . Go download the demo , try it , then come back here and buy it !
 I have played about 1/3rd of the game so far , and have n't been let down yet . The graphics are truly awesome - sometimes I stop playing just to absorb the environment . What impresses me is how tight and responsive the controls for the combat are . There is no lag - when you swing your weapon , it moves perfectly and instantly . Combining jumping with attacking also yields some impressive results . Worth the money .
 I Love Rune , I am a diehard FPS guy but this awesome game was a welcome change from twitchy multiplayer action , chop and jump , its that simple . . well maybe not , there are great puzzles to test your wit and hordes or vicious creatures and warriors ready to test you combat skill . Buy this game , and you will not be dissapointed .
 What a great game ! The gameplay is excellent , the graphics are nothing short of stunning and the controls are smooth as a baby 's powdered and pampered behind . At the listed price , you are definitely getting more than your money 's worth . Stop in and grab some mead and be careful of the flying chairs .
 Game of the year ... all you need to know !
 Diary of Ragnar Jarlson20th of June , 1312 : Passed my manhood trials today . Had to fight the best warrior in the villiage , who 's a pushover . Didi n't even break out a sweat . Then that nasty guy Conrack attacked our longboat and sank it . Everyone 's dead ... except for me . After swimming through lots and lots of underwater caverns , i 'm now fighting my way past snake things , goblins , and crabs . This does n't feel right . I 'm a viking . Should n't I be fighting ... uh ... other vikings ? Running around caverns killing snake things does n't really fit into the job description of `` Viking . `` Oh well , I should n't complain . I ` ts easy to do all the stuff a viking can do , like run , jump , swim , and attack wtih my weapons . Need to get bigger swords .22 nd of June , 1312 : Spent my second day in Hel today , fighting zombies ! Man , these buggers are everywhere ! And there are still more crab things to fight . At least I keep getting bigger and better weapons . Hel itself is an interesting place to vist , but i 'm not sure I want to live here . Lots of lava , huge caverns , and that creepy chick Hel talks to me occasionally in that creepy voice of hers . No wonder Odin banished her down here.There were a few tricky traps as well . I have to watch out everywhere , to make sure I do n't get burned to a crisp , or worse . Right now i 'm in a room that has a lot of stone platforms lying on the ground , and the floor is made out of steel grills . Hmm ... maybe that switch will do something ... 23rd of June , 1312 : Note to self
 Released in 1989 along with Donkey Kong , the Atari 7800 Donkey Kong Junior is essentially a copy of the Nintendo NES version and plays just like it , except that its sound is rather weak compared to the NES ' .
 A great game with with good graphics . Pick any city in the world to start with ! Also some made-up maps . You can make your own maps by using the map editor .
 If you like trains , there is no way you should n't buy this game.BEWARE
 Railroad Tycoon II Gold is one of the best ALL TIME VIDEO GAME experiences for the more adult consumer . Super graphics/sound and the sophisticated gameplay will really test your management skills . Build , maintain , and manage your own railroad empire . Cutthroat competition and a great stock market interface adds to the challenge and fun . This game could easily be used as a primary university teaching aid for general economics , capitalism , business management , investment theory , industrial engineering , and even history . Fantastic !
 In the Addams Family movies , Gomez would blow off steam by `` playing '' with his model trains -- smashing them into each other so that the explosions would reverberate throughout the mansion . The first Railroad Tycoon allowed you to do this by fiddling with track signals , but the trains were blocky little things , so the impact was underwhelming.The opening footage to Railroad Tycoon 2 implies that some gnarly train wreckage is on your way . Indeed , the game has some beautiful trains , puffing and zipping their way through impressionist landscapes . Tragically , one can only deliberately crash a train by failing to properly maintain it . A destroyed train is a solitary event -LRB- no impact with another train -RRB- , and instead of car after car piling up after the train has fallen off the tracks , the destroyed train sits on the track -- blocking traffic -- and then disappears in a puff of smoke . What a letdown!Mind you , this is about the only way that Railroad Tycoon 2 has fallen down . It is highly customizable , and it is graphically beautiful . It comes with a challenging campaign and dozens of scenarios . The map editor allows for some sophisticated rendering of real landscapes taken from satellite data . Dozens of scenarios are available on the Internet , so this investment might be one of the best entertainment values out there.There is increased flexibility in the corporate financial model , and some of the AIs are truly vicious , but you can simply turn them off in the scenarios . Even if you ca n't play smash - 'em - up with the trains , there is plenty of havoc that you can wreak as you try to crush the economic dreams of your opponents and , of course , the thousands of railroad employees working for you .
 The scenarios are a huge plus to this game , you can set a `` sand-box '' mode where you play in a vacuum or go all out and throw in shares and customer rating.The middle levels are the most intriguing , but after you have completed 6 or so missions some of the sound files become a bit annoying.Prepare to mix up some sand ... great for kids as well as adults .
 A great game with with good graphics . Pick any city in the world to start with ! Also some made-up maps . You can make your own maps by using the map editor .
 I ca n't say it any better then ... did , but I will say if you have n't bought it yet go out right now . IT 'S THE BEST GAME EVER !
 What ? Jesse James robbed my passenger train from Chicago to Denver AGAIN ? What am I paying you people for , to sit around the caboose , get drunk and play poker ? Oh , hi ! Did n't see you come in . I 've been so busy running this continent spanning railroad empire ... it really takes a lot of my time , you know . I remember the old days of running a railroad ... you could old look straight down on things and could circle around to have a better look . Stations were harder to get exactly where you wanted them to be and those mountains just were n't up to the standards of the mountains we have today . Amazing we ever survived!Anyway , things are pretty good these day , what with all the new cargos ; alcohol , munitions , aluminum , bauxite and many others . Oh , glorious profit ! The opportunity to expand your empire is almost limitless as well , you can build your railways just about anywhere on Earth ... and some places beyond . Be sure to check out those slick new trains!Oh yes , a quick word about personal gains
 The strength of this game is displayed by how it is not available anywhere in the market as it is completely sold out!If you like simcity , you will like this better . If you are a railroad freak , then this is a must !!! Can play this game 100 million times and it still feels you are playing for the first time ... Higly recommended !
 This is a satisfying and constructive game in which the gamer starts a company , lays track , builds stations , and decides what cars -LRB- loads -RRB- to carry . Among its STRENGTHS are the many scenarios ; complexity varying from `` sandbox '' mode -LRB- build what you want without regard to cost or competitors -RRB- to difficult -LRB- facing AI opponents , and using an economic model involving stock market manipulations -RRB- ; easily available maps on the net ; easy scenario and map creator ; and the truly wonderful graphics , evocative of Thomas Hart Benton paintings . Among the WEAKNESSES are the absence of an undo button , useful because track-laying can be tricky ; the relatively restricted choice of raw materials and industries to service ; and a general sameness among scenarios , excepting the different areas of the world being covered . This is a very good game if you want to construct a -LRB- railroad -RRB- empire without devoting all your energies to fighting off military attacks , and if you find repeated actions , like changing the railroad cars , fun . This game will quickly become tedious to action junkies .
 If you like making money and a good challenge , this is the game for you . Laying track , building stations , and buying train engines is just the beginning of this complex game . You have to make decisions on where to lay track , which towns to service , and -LRB- in the scenerios provided -RRB- what is the best way to complete each scenerio . For scenerios , you are given at least 10 different maps to choose from , each with a different scenerio to complete and each with different computer opponents . In addition to trying to complete the requirements of each scenerio , you have to make decisions that keep your investors happy -LRB- or they will cut your salary -RRB- as well as personal financial decisions -LRB- or where to invest that salary -RRB- which gives the game a very `` real-life '' feel . To add to the `` real-life '' feel , the game can be played on-line or over a network with a group of your buddies which makes it even more fun . Overall , it is a great game which has incrediable graphics -LRB- trains , stations , towns , and landscape are drawn beautifully -RRB- , a good manual , and is highly addictive . Actually , that is my only warning - if you like business simulation games like Rollercoaster Tycoon or previous versions of Railroad Tycoon - expect to spend several hours playing this game .
 I browsed through the reviews by other players , and I am surprised that noone mentioned the original Railroad Tycoon , one of my all-time favorite games . My guess is that most people are too young here to have played it . For those who did , I think a comparison to the original would be in order.First , I should say , I loved Railroad Tycoon 2 . Railroad building is probably the most fun among the building games , I think because you not only build , but run your empire as well . RR2 is a good game on its own , and it builds on the strengths of the original and gives great enhancements.GREAT IMPROVEMENTS over the original are obviously the graphics ... since about 10 years has passed , this was a must . The addition of scenarios , is great , and provides not only loads of fun , but knowledge about the history of trains over the world as well . The addition of the stock market brings a new dimension to the game that is fun , however I found that sometimes it got in the way of railroad building fun , requiring too much attention to finances with too little control . I also liked the building of tracks with one click a lot ; although an `` undo '' feature is greatly missing - the easy building also means it is easy to make a mistake , and often a costly one . My recommendation is to save before every major track building effort.DISAPPOINTING OMISSIONS from the original include the often mentioned tunnel building , but my biggest disappointment was the less operational control over your trains . That really manifests itself when you already have a big railroad network , and your trains keep waiting on each other , because they are all using the same track , and you have no way to route them on an alternate track . Therefore I greatly miss the feature where you can tell a train to go through a station but not stop there , and the signals ; both can be a great help in avoiding the crowding of trains . Another disappointment was the interface ; although it is OK , and a lot of the immaturities of the original have been cleaned up , but it still follows the layout of the original that is largely menu-driven . The added-on financial market interface is rather tedious and unintuitive.All in all , this is a very good game , greatly because it follows closely the original , and updates it to the new game standards . This game is great for everyone , but if you have played the original , you will wonder why PopTop omitted some great features that could have made this game so much better .
 Railroad Tycoon II Gold gives strategy gamers an astonishing amount of value for its price . It contains the original Railroad Tycoon II , the Second Century expansion pack , and bonus maps and upgrades . While most game publishers today are interested in squeezing gamers for every last dollar , Gathering of Developers has taken the opposite approach . This is all the more remarkable because Railroad Tycoon II is one of the best strategy games in recent memory . It would probably be a best-seller if it dealt with a more trendy , sexy topic . But railroading can be fun , too , and this game proves it.As the title suggests , this game allows you to become CEO of your own railroad . Using any one of countless maps that cover nearly the entire globe , you will need to lay track , build stations , buy trains , and set schedules as you try to turn a profit . But this is n't just an electronic train set . You will often face computer opponents armed with solid AI programming who will be building their own railroads -- and trying to run you out of business ! The game features an elaborate stock market with provisions for buying on margin and selling short . There is also a very realistic supply-and-demand economic model that governs how much money you earn . For example , if you oversupply a city with a commodity such as lumber , you 'll eventually depress the price of lumber ; but if you haul fruit and milk to a city that needs food , you 'll make a fortune.Sound too technical or mathematical for you ? PopTop thought of that , so you can choose to play without the stock market or the advanced economic model if you 'd like . The game allows you exceptional control over the challenges you will face without sacrificing gameplay or fun . Despite what I said earlier , if all you are looking for is an electronic sandbox , then rejoice
 Much in the same line as Simcity , Railroad Tycoon2 offers something different
 Bought this after Rollercoaster Tycoon . This was about a year ago . I can not get away from this game . VERY addicitive . Especially if you are into entreprenuership . This game has many features that others just do not . The Stock Market feature makes this game multi dimensional . The AI players are always trying to bankrupt you by making stratigic moves in the stock market . Buy to many shares of your company or any others on margin , the AI players will act and destroy your bank account . The graphics are excellent , however a little dark sometimes . The scenarios are fun and difficult . There is a lot of detail in making sure your cargos are managed and shipped correctly . It is easy at first when you have just a few cities to service . Once you get a network of cities ... it can be very testing.I highly reccomend this game to anyone that has owned a business or is into the stock market , or into managing a business which is fast past and demanding . This game is better suited for adults as the complexity and business aspects would likely bore a youngster .
 This is one of the better strategy sims I 've ever played . It combines resource management , building , interesting history , interesting railroading facts , good gameplay , and an intutive interface . If I had kids , I would buy this for them even if they did n't ask for it.And on top of all that , its like having a giant railroad set on your computer where you can play on in real terrain -LRB- based roughly on real topological maps -RRB- at different points in history . Some people are bothered by the tweaked timeline , but they obviously have n't programmed sim games or thought through the implications of making it completely realistic . I think they have done an excellent job of balancing gameplay and I 'm looking forward to anything else these guys put out.I 've put this away a few times , but often come back to it or the Second Century edition .
 This is a WONDERFUL game . I have never played a game which has so many facets to it , yet is so well designed that it never overwhelms . The different scenarios emphasize different aspects of the game , so you can play the scenarios that work to your strengths until you develop other skills . Also , each scenario has a number of random elements , and has a choice of three different starting conditions , so each can be replayed many times.There are a few minor annoyances , but they are just that
 Railroad Tycoon II is a great strategy game that requires critical thinking and lots of patience . If you possess both of these then RT2 is the game for you . In RT2 you are put in the seat of the chairman of a large railroad corporation , and you must expand your railroad across America , all the while maintaining a constant stream of revenue and profits . This entails starting profitable routes such as taking passengers & mail to various towns that demand them , and taking resources to industries that require them . For example , you would take coal and iron to a steel mill for it to produce steel , and then steel and grain to produce goods at a cannery . Establishing and maintaining these routes , and keeping them profitable at the same time , is a great challenge and requires constant micromanagement of train consists and the demands of your individual trains , such as their needing oil , sand or water.It may sound technical , but RT2 is loads of fun . It 's a great feeling to see your railroad start small , and gradually expand across America . You 've got to run the game at a slow speed because there 's so much to manage all at once , and so this expansion obviously happens quite gradually . But it 's tremendously rewarding . Added to which , you must manage your own personal finances on the stockmarket . This feature detracts a little from the railroad side of things , but the two are interlinked in that if you run your railroad well , the price of your stock skyrockets . Concomitant with the stockmarket is the state of the economy
 I have wanted RT2 for a while and when I finally got it , I was n't disappointed . When I first get games and play them , after the first 15 minutes , its either I love it , or never want to see it again , and with RT2 , I loved it . Being a lover of railroad and railroad history , it was not very hard to like the game . It is realistic in terms of the engines and box cars . You can span a period between 1820 ? -2050 . Engines and box cars and even railroad station buildings -LRB- which you personally build -RRB- change with time . Its unrealistic in its size scaling , but that should n't be much of a problem for people . My favorites are the seperate scenarios . You can build your railroad empire on every continent on the planet , including Antarctica . You run your business like a real business with annual reports , shareholders to listen to , and even your own personal finances to deal with -LRB- with the capability of buying out your company from the rest of the stockholders -RRB- .
 I love this toy because I can get far in a game . Without it you would have to leave the system on all day because once you shut off the game all of the things you just did are erased , this only is for some N64 games . Plus I love the coler .
 I love this toy because I can get far in a game . Without it you would have to leave the system on all day because once you shut off the game all of the things you just did are erased , this only is for some N64 games . Plus I love the coler .
 Having grown up with platformers in `` the golden age '' of gaming , I have many fond memories of Rayman , and so decided to write a review on it . This review may seem a bit out of place as I am reviewing the Rayman game for all platforms , but basing it on my own experience with Rayman Gold for PC -LRB- very rare now , but definetely worth picking up a copy if you can find one -RRB- . Debuting on the ill-fated Atari Jaguar , then being ported to Sega Genesis , Sega Saturn , PSX , and finally to PC , Rayman quickly gained a large fan base , and earned a place among the most popular , and iconic mascot platformers of the 16 bit era . The franchise is still alive , and has kept up with the times by transitioning into 3D , and has seen two direct sequels , and spin-offs on multiple platforms which speaks volumes for his popularity , and staying power.At first glance , you might be tempted to not take Rayman seriously as a platformer , expecting it to be overly simplistic , and aimed squarely at a very young gaming audience . But it would be a big mistake to allow yourself to be decieved by your initial impressions of it . There is a remarkably deep , challenging , and replayable game under the misleading `` kiddy game '' disguise . Though the game is challenging , it is also a completely satisfying , and near-perfect mix of action , and puzzle solving , and the addictive gameplay spurs you on . The plot is straightforward enough ; the insidious Mr. Dark has defeated Betilla the Fairy , and stolen the Great Protoon , the source of the world 's balance and harmony . Without the natural balance it provides , the Electoons which gravitated around it have been scattered across the world , and hostile creatures have begun to appear , and capture them in cages . Weakened by her fight with Mr. Dark , and her powers drained by the Protoon 's absence , Betilla needs time to recuperate before she can be of any help at all . Enter Rayman . As a guardian of this world , our laid back hero must reluctantly leave his hammock , and journey through the now disrupted world to free the Electoons , reach Mr. Dark 's lair , and ultimately re-claim the Great Protoon to restore balance and harmony . Along his journey , Rayman will make a few friends , fight enemies , and surmount a variety of bizarre challenges . Two of Rayman 's best features has always been quirky level design , and zany , entertaining characters . The levels are well thought out and designed , and very imaginitive with challenging objectives in each of the 6 worlds . The graphics are bright , colorful , hand drawn with beautiful , whimsical scenery , and have stood up well to the test of time ; much better in fact than many comparable platformers of the period . The sound is top notch , and the music too has been well done being moody , immersive , and appropriate to each themed world . Also included in Gold/Forever editions of Rayman is the original game , 24 user-created levels -LRB- 40 in Rayman Forever -RRB- of varying -LRB- but overall good -RRB- quality , a level editor , and even a nifty , and collectible Rayman fridge magnet -LRB- included with Rayman Forever -RRB- . The fridge magnet is often missing from used editions of Rayman Forever , so if you 're considering one , and the magnet is a selling point for you , it 's worth your while to communicate with the seller , and verify that it 's included . In the Gold edition , the original Rayman game is included in it 's entirety , some levels in the core game have also been re-worked and expanded , a handful of new concepts introduced , and several exclusive levels -LRB- complete with extra music -RRB- not appearing in console versions have been added , essentially making it a PC director 's cut . As mentioned previously , and like many of it 's contemporaries -LRB- like Jazz Jackrabbit 2 for example -RRB- , a level editor -LRB- Rayman Designer -RRB- is also included for the creation of custom levels . While it is a more advanced feature , and takes some practice to get the hang of using , the level editor is an impressively powerful set of design tools , it 's fairly simple to use after you get acquainted with it , and with a few day 's worth of practice , aspiring designers can crank out custom retail-quality levels of their very own.Fans of mascot platform games are in for a true treat here -LRB- especially if you 've never played Rayman , or any of his several sequels and spin-offs -RRB- as Rayman never fails to deliver challenges , laughs , and hours of replayable fun . As Betilla slowly recuperates , she will occasionally show up to dole out new powers to Rayman , and you will need every one of them to complete this surprisingly challenging game . Also pleasantly surprising , and decidedly un-typical of most mascot platformers , the controls are very tight , and refined . The game is packed with bonus levels , mini-games , 1-ups , inaccessible areas , and hidden goodies -- many of which can not be unlocked initially , thus giving you much incentive to re-play the game . From a game design standpoint , this is clever , and helps extend the game 's re-play value as few games actually give you a good reason other than trying to top your original high score to re-play after you 've completed them , and in this way once again , Rayman sets himself apart from the half hearted `` me too ! '' platform offerings with a decidedly unique style , look , and gameplay experience . If there is any down side to this game -LRB- aside from it 's incompatibilities with current versions of Windows -- more on that in a minute -RRB- , it 's that the game does become crushingly difficult in the mid , and latter half of the game . Compounding the difficulty , is that as is the case of many mascot platformers of the 16 bit era , save options are minimal . You must complete several scenes within the various levels before you reach an auto-save , which can lead to allot of tedious , and frustrating replay.It is worth mentioning however that being the older game that it is , Rayman Gold is one of those oh-so-rare console ports that HAS to have Win95/98/ME or a compatibility fix to run correctly . This is because many Win 95-era games pre-dated DirectX , and simply launched in Windows , then dropped into DOS mode to actually run the game , making these types of games problematic to run on current versions of Windows . Getting these types of games to work correctly with a modern sound card is usually the biggest problem . Mercifully enough , there are user-created compatibility fixes posted on Ubi 's forums which gets Rayman Gold running under WinXP/Vista/7 . The version of DOSbox the compatibility patch uses is outdated , so you may need to install the newest version to avoid issues . Although the readme for the patch says it does n't support gamepads , I was pleasantly surprised to find that mine works with it nonetheless . For those interested in , but having trouble finding Rayman , Rayman Forever is also a viable alternative to Rayman Gold as it has similar content -LRB- but with a bundle of 40 fan created levels instead of Rayman Gold 's 24 -RRB- , but is less rare , being available here on amazon even at the time of this writing . The drawback to Rayman Forever is that unlike Rayman Gold , there have been no compatibility fixes -LRB- user-created or otherwise -RRB- that I 've been able to find written for it , some music had to be cut from this edition to free up space on the disk for the bundle of fan created levels , and since it 's DOS-ware , it should still work via DOSbox , but is almost sure to demand advanced setup and configuration -LRB- since you have to use DOS commands within DOS-box -RRB- to run on any operating system newer than Win 95/98/ME . Ultimately however , this all leads to the question of what incentive gamers have to choose PC versions of Rayman over console versions -LRB- or even emulation of console versions -RRB- ; especially in lieu of them being problematic to run on newer operating systems without some sort of hack , or compatibility fix . The answer is that while console versions do offer all the fun and challenge of the original game , PC versions tend to offer enhancements such as expanded content . Rayman games have also always been noted for their atmosphere , cutting edge graphics and excellent music , and PC versions have always leveraged the PC 's superior gaming hardware to offer an enhanced experience . Console versions did n't look quite as sharp , sometimes have levels and music altered or omitted , and lack the expanded content included with Rayman Gold/Forever PC versions , making them a second preference for many players.At the end of the day , regardless of which platform you play on , Rayman combines many of the best elements of mascot platformers to create a superb game which remains compelling even by modern standards . An instant classic even when released , every fan of mascot platform games owes it to themselves to have Rayman in their collection . Rayman is a tremendously entertaining game that is easily worth your bargain bin pocket change to pick up .
 I had read about GOG.com 's version of this game having modified music firths game . It does indeed . The music in some parts either does n't loop or loops &#34; later than normal . &#34; Also , the Mapper application does not run on my system . Because of those last two parts , I play the original game rather than this one .
 My son loves this game , he loves the fact that he can create his own stages and play them afterwards . He really loves his game !
 When I first got Rayman Forever , my kids loved it.It is a challenging game , but over time you beat the levels and earn new worlds.Even though I got the game for my kids I am typing about what happened.I got this game because we had friends that had it and their kids loved it so we bought it.This is an awsome game because you earn powers and you can fly with one of the powers you earn.My kids loved it so that is why you should get it and I 'm pretty sure you will love it also .
 Play this with my sons , the seven y/o is very skilled , and even the four y/o can maneuver the characters and do some simple tricks . The program has varying levels of skill for each character , and different races and challenges that require the specific skills of each . Choosing the racer for the race is some of the most fun.this one 's really a lot of fun , but watch out for the trains!P.S . I 've just about completed all the races , but the final race is almost impossible .
 I enjoyed this game so much that I 'm actually going to purchase a used Dreamcast and this game just so I can play it again . Totally beautiful graphics , totally immersive , imaginative environments - fun and challenging with a solid soundtrack - this game has it all and is probably the most underrated game I have ever played .
 This game is great for teens . It is to una propriate for kids and adults . If you like te show then buy this . From the story mode when you try to defeat thinngs from turkeys to killer toys with weapons from snowballs to cow launchers . In the multiplayer mode you defeat other players with weapons .
 HI , MY NAME IS BRANDON BOWERS AND I LIKE TO WATCH SOUTH PARK ON CABLE T.V. . THEY ARE REALLY FUNNY TO WATCH AND LISTEN TO WHEN THEY ARE ON THE T.V. I DO N'T STOP WATCHING SOUTH PARK I STAY UP ALL NIGHT UNTIL THEY ARE OVER . I HAVE A PLAYSTATION GAME OF SOUTH PARK SHEF 'S LUV SHACK AND IT HAS ALOT OF SWEARING IN IT.THANKSP.S . AND YOU SHOULD GET THE GAME CALLED SHEF 'S LUV SHACK BECAUSE IT IS REALLY FUN TO PLAY . BUT WATCH OUT FOR SWEAR WORDS IN THE GAME.THANKSBRANDON
 Plotwise and gameplay wise I found this game to be very entertaining . The deluxe pack came with not only the CD-ROM version of the game but also the DVD-ROM and a hint book . Not bad for the price.There were downpoints though . I had to constantly switch from CD to CD since I did n't use the DVD version -LRB- it got tedious after awhile -RRB- , and the acting in several parts was horrible . There was one point at the very beginning of the game where you see a man supposedly running for his life and it 's blatantly obvious that he 's just jogging in place . It may sound like a nitpick , but small details like that can make you remember you 're only playing a game instead of making you feel like you 're the main character.Still , the plot was interesting and the puzzles were great . Should you do something that gets you killed the game will automatically back you up to the point before instead of forcing you to restore from an older saved game.As far as adventure games go , this one is definately above par . It 's not quite a classic but still worth the money .
 I play this game all the time , its an oldie but a goodie . Recieved well ahead of schedule , very happy !!
 This game is so revoulutionary it 's totally unbelievable to the extent where you think you know where you are and yet you really do n't . Nicest Graphics I have ever seen so far . This game is a must have on your computer software shelf in your house !
 This is great ! A little downers but it 's great!like cant save or install in your storge room.and have to use your d-pad and 4-other buttons.and if they 'll make more doom games .
 WOW !!!!!!! I am so excited Doom came out . I remember when I was a little kid sitting on my dad 's lap shooting while my dad steered . This is simply the best classic ... non stop fun and u can play it for hours ... no flaws no nuthin ... just pure fun !!!!!!
 This game has an allure because of its revolutionary concept , but not all is delivered . To make it short : THE GOOD : - incredible graphics , with or without a card-free atmosphere that just begs to be explored-somewhat of a branching storyline and some choices along the way-huge , seemless city areas-great concepts - many inhabitable characters and NEARLY endless possibilitiesTHE BAD : - the four different ` modes ' -LRB- adventure , shooting , fighting and swimming -RRB- are kind of annoying-the objects -LRB- books especially -RRB- are somewhat repetitive and limiting-all the people in the street ... do they all look EXACTLY the same or am I seeing double - triple - quad ... AHHHHHHHH ! - I personally do n't like the concept that you are REALLY sitting there playing a computer game which is controlling bodies in another demon-infested parallel universe ... I 'd rather put myself in the position of the character than just be myself sitting on my butt-for the life of me , I ca n't drive those blasted cars-some of the puzzles are very hard and in some , the solution does n't really make sense . I had to buy the PRIMA strategy guide , which , in a bind , I recommend .
 The hype of this game is that it is a `` fully-realized world '' and I do n't think I can argue with that . The streets are filled with people , you can be hit by cars -LRB- or sliders as they are called -RRB- heck you can even go down to a supermarket and buy some food . This game is very fun . Another excellent feature of this game is its wide variety of gameplay . Most of the time you are in adventuring mode but other times you can switch into fighting , shooting or swimming mode . The fighting mode is very fun -LRB- you have a hologram fighting program in the main characters apartment -RRB- It is not the best fighting out of fighting games but it is a lot better than some of the pure fighting games out there . The strange thing about the fighting is that there is no block button . Every person has a different skill level of fighting in the game so each person has different skills in blocking , special moves , styles etc. . The fighting is excellent . The shooting is not as satisfying as the fighting because of the way it is set up . All of the enemies come out of predesigned spots so all you have to do is play the level over and over until you know exactly where the enemies will be . It is still fun but not as satisfying as the fighting . I have n't really experienced the swimming so I do not feel inclined to review it . I 'm having a lot of fun with this game so I suggest that you get it .
 What to say that hasn &#65533; t already been said more eloquently ? Let &#65533; s hit the obvious first . Genre-wise , this game definitely fits more into the &#65533; adventure &#65533; category than anything , but spans several other mini-modes of game play . During the course of your adventuring , you will encounter first-person shooter , melee fighting and role-playing elements that supplement the interface you &#65533; d normally expect from an adventure game . This is quite a pleasant change if you are expecting a run-of-the-mill adventure . On the other hand , don &#65533; t go into it expecting a great fighting game , FPS or RPG ; you will surely be disappointed . Let me explain by covering each of these sub-genres found in Omikron in greater detail : FPS : The first-person shooter aspect comes across as somewhat crude and limited , in that movement is stiff and slow , the AI lacks coherent intelligence , and as a result there really is no great depth of game play here . The interjection of FPS scenes into the game lack smooth transitions , and therefore feel more like a blatant attempt to graft an FPS branch onto an adventure tree , so to speak.Fighting : Represented as a fighting game , Omikron fares much better . Attack combinations , fluid character animations and a 3-dimensional opponent-oriented movement make for some great action sequences . On the other hand , it wouldn &#65533; t be fair not to mention the inconsistencies in the AI opponent . When playing a scene in this game mode , it seems that there really are only two different AI models with which to fight
 First things first : For owners of Windows XP , this game will not immediately work . It was originally released a short time before WinXP was , so it is made to work on Win95/98 and ME . To get it to work on XP : First , right click on the Omikron Shortcut on your desktop . Click the ` compatability ' tab and select to have it run in WindowsNT Compatability mode . This should make it work ; it may give you a ` runtime.exe ' error , or incorrect CD error . In that case , you must download a nocd crack from the internet , which can easily be found via google . The game generally runs well with few graphical errors common in older games running on XP in compatability mode.On to the game itself : This game is a lot of fun if you can get past the dated graphics . This can be more of a problem that it usually is in good older games since alot of the plotline is dependant on the ` this is not a game ' aspect . Still , the adventure , fighting and first person shooter elements work together well -LRB- with the fighter and FPS elements complimenting the adventure game ; do n't expect to spend equal amounts of time adventuring , fighting and FPSing -RRB- and the atmosphere is top-noch and very Blade-Runner esque.So , if you 're jonesing for an adventure game with a good storyline and lot 's of atmosphere , this game is for you . At the price most sellers have it at , it ca n't be beat .
 It took me a while to get the hang of this game -- the controls are needlessly complicated , with different interface and controls for shooting , unarmed fights , swimming , and just walking around -- and even longer to get interested , given the constant fights -LRB- that I mostly lost at first -RRB- and the rather silly insistence that `` this is n't just a game . '' -LRB- `` Do I look like a game ? '' screams one polygon-heavy bad guy . Um , well , yeah , you do . -RRB- And the limited saves -LRB- like a video game -RRB- can make for a frustrating experience with lots of repeats.All that aside , it really is a lot of fun to play , engrossing and exciting . David Bowie 's music never pleased me before , but I found myself looking for it here . Also , like the best games , there are many different ways to solve the same problems and lots of stuff to find if you explore . Definitely worth the time and money , though not for the easily frustrated .
 I highly reccommend this game to any adventure game fans . This was an excellent game brought to us by the French developer Quantic Dream . The people working there have completed a true masterpiece . The plot draws you in right from the start , your soul has been transferred to an alternate futuristic dimension that is reminiscent of Blade Runner . You have to save the world of Omikron where the citizens souls are being captured and put into slavery by a race of demons . The story is excellent , as well as many of the other elements . Excellent graphics , there are four cities that have an amazing amount of detail and intricacy . Being that you are a wandering soul , you have the ability to incarnate into different peoples bodies to aid in your quest . This game is mostly third-person , but there are also several first-person shooting sequences as well as fighting and swimming sequences . This game is very fun to play , and I had a hard time turning off the computer after a few minutes of playing it . The system requirements are a bit steep -LRB- disregard what it says on the box , trust me -RRB- . I played it on a AMD 366 with a Voodoo2 and it still had a significant amount of lag . The optimum system I played it on was a Pentium 550 with a TNT2 card , and full installed at a whopping 1.6 gigabytes -LRB- because of the characters speech -RRB- , if you meet these standards the game will be flawless . The only minuses of this game were the repetetive character skins walking around the city streets and the shooting sequence . If more chracter models were added and the shooting sequence dropped it would be a perfect game . This is definetly one to buy , and i ca n't wait for the upcoming sequel Omikron 2
 Whoa ! This game is awesome ! Think of a game that is really addictive , then double it 's addictiveness and then triple the doubled portion ! This game rocks ! I 'm a big gaming fan and I like a lot of different gaming genres like shooting , adventuring , puzzle solving , and whooping anyone who messes with you . If you do n't like any one of those genres , do n't get this game because you wo n't like it . The game is a mix of Half-Life , Teken , and something like Quest64 . The two bad parts about this game are the fact that your computer has to generate an ENTIRE city of moving people , sliders , and transport ship things flying over head . Takes a lot of power to play . The second is the save interface , it 's kind of like Tomb Raider but the interlocked rings -LRB- save crystals -RRB- are more abundant , but everytime you save you will use a magical ring . The rings are somewhat scarce in the begining of the game but then they are abundant . It takes practice at the fighting scenes , but you really can get good at them . It would be a mistake not to buy this game !
 This game has intrigued me ever since I saw the ads in game magazines . Now having expended close to several weeks effort on the game I can only say that the game is original , entertaining and fun if you can overlook some of the faults in the design . You play a ` nomad soul ' that jumps from body to body living and interacting with the game world as a host of different people . Each new person you inhabit has his/her problems and goals which you try to solve as that character.The good parts
 I 'm shocked that anyone would even give this game a bad review . If the game does n't work on your PC . You should definately read the requirements before purchasing . Common sense . All in all this game is one of my favorite games of all time ! It took a twist in gaming history!It 's a Role Playing Game , Action game , Shooting , and Adventure game all in one ! Now how many games now days have all four of those genres in one ? None ! Exactly ! You basically are warped into a different world when you play this game . Some people might complain about having to walk around endlessly which is not true . One thing i 'm noticing people having trouble grasping with this game is that it 's a `` realistic '' environment . Some people are too used to video games that have levels and are too fake . This game kicks those aside and draws you in . Grab this game if you ever see it in stores . It 's worth the few bucks .
 I 'm frankly sick of it . there are different controls for different modes . You ca n't handle that?I 'm sorry but that 's ridiculous . As for the quality of the modes , the regular mode is simply incredible , although shooting and fighting lack in a few areas , they are minute . People talk like this should have been all three types of game perfected . Ridiculous as few of each type are perfect . Granted they could have jus stuck to one but I 'm fine with all fo them . FPS mode -- the movement is slow but so is System Shock 2 's . The weapons are well done and the enemies seem at least somewhat intelligent . They pop up randomly not because of a bug but because this is more of an arcade-ish than strategy game . The puzzles can be frustrating -LRB- I 'm stuck at a point knowing nothing of what to do at the moment -RRB- but are usually well done . Fighting mode can be frustrating for inexperienced , or not so good , players like myself but there is a simple answer
 This is such a great game . I have never seen a game that combines the 4 modes -LRB- adventure , fighting , shooting , and swimming -RRB- into one . Also , the story is very good and has a lot of puzzles . I would reccomend this game . If there was an option of 10 stars , i would give it 10 stars .
 A game created in the 1999 for windows 98 only and it has this great looking 3D characters and most of all it has one of the best story lines ever . the idea of the game is crazy . I am looking forward for the Playstation 3 version of this game .
 This game is great but at certin times it gets either way to hard or really repetative . The first person mode is n't very good but the other modes are excellent in my opinion . If you do n't own this game then buy it . But , buyer beware it gets really confusing at parts so you might get frustrated at times .
 This is a great game . Great graphics and a great story line . For me the game has ONLY one flaw which are the first-person shooter sequences . You would think that with the quality of everything else that went into it the programmers would create at least a passable shooter sequence . If you have n't guessed by now , the shooter sequences are not that good and do not ` feel ' like the rest of the game . To further provide an analogy , it is like you are playing a great game like `` Privateer2
 Despite what you may have read , by pushing manual in the caller , you can drive where ever you what ! It 's not all that great but i cant stand a review that is not correct !
 This was a truly fabulous game . The graphics are great and the sound/voices were the best I 've heard yet . Gameplay was hard so I did buy the Prima Guide for it . Overall the game sucked me right into the action and I never left !
 Although I have n't gotten very far in this game as of yet , This game has to have the most interesting premise I 've ever experienced with any game . The characters could have used a little work but otherwise this game is quite challenging and fun . I love how they put David Bowie in this game . Excitingly original . I 'm glad someone finally made a game where you can just ... . live . I am having problems though . I seem to be stuck at a certain part of the game . I am trying to get into the ventilation duct into Commandant Ghandar 's office . Someone please e-mail me and tell me how to pass it .
 This game took me by surprise . I did n't know how to handle this strange mix of adventure-game , roleplaying and action-game at first . Once I got the hang of it , I could n't let go . What a fine game this is . It 's breaking new ground with the mix of styles , and I certainly praise the makers for this . It 's an immersive , breathtaking experience , sure to provide long evenings , long nights even . There 's plenty to discover , as in a good adventuregame , and there 's some figthing and shooting to do as well . There are some minor drawbacks . The procedure to save a game is quite annoying . You ca n't save whenever you like
 It seems that everyone keeps on whining about the very minor flaws of this game . I actually like the fact that every game mode has different controls . The only problem I have with the game is that eventhough the surroundings look incredible , I have to deal with some fog . I put my resolution on 1024x768 and everything else on high , exept I have to put clipping distance on medium , or my frame-rate will bomb . What I really enjoy about the game is the freedom of exploration and I think it 's just plain fun to mess-around in the huge city , and doing things such as driving , target practice , combat training , etc. . Blade Runner originally was my favorite PC game , but then I played Omikron , which , I think , blows Blade Runner away .
 This is an excellent game , graphics wise but I find the puzzles extremely difficult . I have spent countless hours drifting from building to building trying to find out what to do next . I feel that the game could be a lot more helpful in keeping in tact with the storyline and solving puzzles . Right now I 've discovered Qualisar and I guess that I am supposed to be trying to get into the Archives to read the Classified info . on the case the charaacter was involved in before his disappearance but I have no clue what to do next . If anybody has any suggestions please email me .
 Omikron was a pretty fulfilling game . The realistic environment and cities were so refreshing . The game caters to several different genres and is anything but linear -LRB- linear games bore me very quickly -RRB- . The game has an interesting story line and so many choices of things to do , I was entertained for many hours and visits to my computer . I would highly recommend .
 Great graphics ! Intriguing story ! Ambient music ! It has it all , adventure , first person shooter , action , puzzles , hand-to-hand fighting ! I do n't play these types of games but played the demo and was hooked ! The shooting scenes are a bit difficult . Over all the game is a must have .
 Omikron has been one of the best games I ever played -LRB- and I play lot 's of games =-RRB- . It has an interesting plot as well as kicking graphix . It blends action/adventure and some RPG and strategy into one awsome game , I 'd say it 's a job well done =-RRB- so I definitely recommand this one if you are into action , adventure , or RPG games and if you got some extra cash floating around = -RRB-
 Omikron pulls you into another world where 3rd person adventure is taken to a new level . The graphics are top-notch , but not perfect -LRB- Although it really is n't critical for such a game to have Quake 3 quality graphics , with such an immersive storyline -RRB- while the sound truly completes the experience . Bowie 's pulsing techno-injected melodies stay with you even after the song is over . If you 're looking for a serious -LRB- as in `` Everquest '' serious , meaning it will destroy your social life -RRB- RPG , then look elsewhere -LRB- you Dungeons & Dragons geek -RRB- . If you 're looknig for a new style of 3rd person RPG that evolves the genre , pick up Omikron
 This is my favorite game . I 'm obsessed by this game ... . It 's the most adictive game you 'll ever play . Please put out an Ancient Conquest 2
 i picked this game up for around about $ 5 at a used video game store . as soon as i started playing it i was hooked i finished the game in 13 hours and 51 minutes.i know i know the graphics are absolute crap but i liked them for some reason i mean the walls are made up of crap pixels which move when shadowman is not moving . i especially love the stupid voice overs i mean some of the lines are so sad like -LRB- jesus christ LUKE !!! he 's alive , alive and in pain i i i got ta help . do n't worry he 's dead you know that . i know but i saw -RRB- i mean it is really crap but the story line it tries to look scary but it is just pulled off apathetically and it is boring but i love this game so much because of the dark souls . but its still shit
 Shadow Man is very underrated , in my own opinion . Some people just look at the box and say , ` This one 's gon na bite ' . They have no idea how wrong they are . Shadow Man draws you into the world of Mike LeRoi , a man who has a strange relationship with Nettie , his voodoo priestess . Nettie planted the Mask of Shadows into Mike 's chest , which enables him to journey back and forth from Liveside to Deadside . This game grips you from the beginning and once you 're gripped , I 'm afraid you ca n't get out , sorry . The game has a very interesting idea , showing the player awesome levels and environments . My favorite level is the Temple of Fire because of all the engaging puzzles . You see Mike LeRoi , who seems to be an ordinary man at first . But then , you go with him on a long trip to the many regions of Deadside , and as you do , you might find it amazing for one man to be able to go so far and do so much . Some parts are rather frightening , though , like when you get to Asylum . Oh well , you 'll see when you start playing . I do n't want to give the events of such a good game away .
 I LOVED Doom . I thought it was the final stage in game evolution.Now I know that is n't true . Of course , between Doom and Shadow Man , there were a zillion fps demon-blasters , but they did n't feel ... real enough . I had high hopes for the Quake games and Half-Life , neither of which quite delivered . Shadow Man does . It feels real and looks surreal -- a marvelous combination . All aspects of this game were fantastic , especially the sound . The default controls are a bit cumbersome , but they can be remapped ... -- in my opinion , it 's absolutely worth it .
 This is just a reply to all those who go on and on about how horrific the ps 1 version is.Yeah , I 'll admit that it 's bad , but not nearly as god awful as people are making it out to be.ESPECIALLY if you have not played shadowman on any other format before ; like I had.If nothing else , playing it on ps1 gives you all the more reason to try the other versions and be even more suprised.Most of the people that down the ps1 version are biasd to nintendo or sega and therefore criticize anything of the ps.Let 's not forget that the ps1 version still has the amazing voiceovers and while some content of the enviroments are edited out -LRB- as they are in the N64 version -RRB- they are still convincing.Let 's put it this way , I 'd rather play shadowman for PS1 rather than Final Fantasy 8 , which had great graphics , but the gameplay and storyline sucked!And I 'd much rather play shadowman ps1 version than another stupid mario game from nintendo -LRB- gamecube 's Luigi 's Mansion ?????? puh-leeze !!!! -RRB- As for the main person on amazon who reviewed this product ; what 's the deal with all this political correct talk about giving Carribian Americansa bad stereotype ?? Hello-this game is about VOODOO LORE!Would it be better if shadowman was portrayed as some white guy named Bob?And then the reviewer goes on to say that neither Shadowman or Nettie makes for a good role model?What?How much was that critic smoking before that review was written?The game is 17 + and I do n't think that the people `` who are supposed to be playing it '' are looking for any role models.Esp . when the game deals with serial killers , demons and the apocolypse.But in my opinion anyonewho actually walks through the diffrent levels of hell and survives is an exceptional hero to look up to .
 Shadowman is definitily the most Great aventure that i ever played , maybe it not contains greats images , but i got really addicted to played it.The reason for this addiction , is that this game contains innumerals secrets around , and if you not have a guide , you maybe be 100 hours ! sit in your chair.Well i have n't finish the game yet , but i enjoy a lot that this game be the longest aventure game around !
 This is a title that I wonder why no one picked up on . True the first 2 boards were long and monotonous . But after them , I could not believe the plot that was unfolding . This was clearly the most original game I had ever played . -LRB- Okay so maybe collecting 120 items was elsewhere on N64 -RRB- Anyway , I suggest that N64 owners give this a first or second chance . In additon , I have never played a game in which the sound effects and music played such an integral part of the game . This is also rated mature for a reason . Kids , be careful with this one , you 'll probaly want to sleep with the light on for a month .
 For seem reason , ` Shadowman ' never got as much attention as it should have . It was the game N64 fans seemed to be wanting since the beginning - a huge world to explore with mature themes that wo n't insult your intelligence . ` Shadowman ' is like a dark ` Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time ' , where you get to roam around a vast -LRB- and I mean vast -RRB- labrynth-like world solving puzzles and clashing with monsters . The world 's -LRB- there 's actually two , much like the original Zelda games -RRB- are pretty non-linear , although you 'll find you 'll have to solve some puzzles before moving further . The game is prettymuch a big egg-hunt , and the eggs in question wind up in some pretty difficult areas . A really challenging game that should keep you playing for hours.The graphics are great . Gloomy , dank areas are awesome to look at . They may seem plain to begin with , but I always stress to new players not to give up
 I come from the old country , arcades in the 80 's , where Tempest , Joust , and Jungle Hunt reigned supreme . I purchased my N64 LOOOOONG after it was the system to have , it was cheap , I was looking for relaxing kicks . So I picked up a copy of Shadowman , discounted , vaguely remembering it when it was new on the market . Put it in , and -LRB- cliche Sound Effect -RRB- I was hooked . The game is murky as heckland . Opening cheekily with Moonlight Sonata playing underneath a ` narration ' of Springheel Jack . Great cinematics , great sounds , great levels , some -LRB- the temples -RRB- are so bloody frustrating you want to whip the whole system out the door . But I kept with it , and I beat it . HA , first game since Double Dragon in the arcade , and I beat that with one bloody token . I recommend this game to non-gamers who are looking for something to dig into , with a different approach than the usual blast 'em . -LRB- Gamers will say witty and snide things , scrutinizing and bla -RRB- So to hearken back to my metal roots , THIS GAME ROCKS !!! -LRB- so there -RRB-
 This is a videogame unlike any other ; if the gripping storyline does n't hook you in , then the horrific and hellacious enviroment will.Play this game in the dark with headphones and you will actually feel the terror grow inside you as you explore variousparts of this nightmare including a twisted cathedral , blood stained asylum , and even a kiddie playroom for the souls of the damned.If you really need a break from all of this darkness , why not visit your `` friend '' Jaunty , a skull headed serpent gate keeperfor a few laughs.Or chat with your tempting voodoo mistress Nettie ; the voiceovers in this game are the best and very convincing.Also add another bonus for creative enemies ; the RepoMan -LRB- a 70 's DJ turned raving serial killer -RRB- and Avery Marx -LRB- a hunched over leather clad sadist and sex offender with a quirkfor night vison goggles ; yes , you face him off in the dark -RRB- There ` stoo many good things to mention about this game , but I 'll end this review by telling you that this game 's final climatic scene will blow you away !!
 There is something about Shadow Man &#8230; I first encountered it in its Playstation version , which was so awkward it was unplayable . The scenery kept tearing as the program strained to keep the game going . And Shadow Man himself moved like he was wearing socks on a polished floor &#8211; not good when the ability to make precise jumps is often vital . I gave up quite early into the thrilling story , and traded the disc in . But Shadow Man stayed with me . I was intrigued by its promise , and the atmosphere from the start was striking . The game also had a brilliant music score , which to this day is indelible in memory . So when , some months later , the game appeared on Dreamcast , I was drawn back to it . I haven &#8217; t played the N64 or PC versions , but on Dreamcast , Shadow Man is superb . Everything that the Playstation version failed to do justice to is here . Unfortunately , the programming itself has its limitations . The game runs choppily a lot of the time , and collision-detection is noticeably bad -LRB- though is nowhere near the disaster it was in the PS version -RRB- . It is a shame also that the music cuts abruptly when you cross the border of one area to another . Given some more time and resources , the developers of this game could have smoothed off a lot of edges , but the quality of the product still makes its lack of popularity a mystery . Other reviews here have already given an idea of the content , so I will just add that playing this game is absolutely compelling . I recently devoted a week to playing through it a second time , from start to finish . During this time , the game was even in my dreams . Stuck on where to find the next Govi , containing Dark Souls crucial to my progress , I dreamed them in locations that annoyingly turned out to not exist in the game when I woke up . While RGPs , famous for their depth and duration of play , still seem to be aimed at kids , and feature characters and dramas suited to young sensibilities , it is refreshing to have a long and involving , story-based game that is mature . Though not an RPG , Shadow Man does have elements of stat-building , and is certainly long . Battles can seem random as well , especially if you keep going back and forth between major areas -LRB- enemies re-spawn -RRB- . It does have in common with RPGs the feel that you are in a huge world with quests to complete , people to meet , powers and possessions to build up . Longevity ? I clocked in , this time , at around thirty hours of in-game time , though this includes a non-productive seven or so spent wandering around in vain -LRB- looking for Dark Souls that suddenly became elusive as mentioned above -RRB- . Even that time wasn &#8217; t really wasted , however , as the world of the game seems deeper for your crossing and re-crossing it . One of the rough edges in the design is that having left a &#8216; level &#8217; , all enemies are back in their original places when you return , so you know what to expect . It would have been good to have various programmed enemy-placements , to develop the illusion of a living world . Which brings us back to the fact that the game world is truly huge . One manner of your progress requires you to remember locations . See another of those weird-looking &#8216; doors &#8217; or other physical features ? You will later acquire the means to open or use them . But will you remember every location in which you saw one ? Fail to do so , and you may miss something important to your advancement in the game . Less vitally , you might just miss some of the minor collectibles , which though not essential to completing the game , may help , or simply arouse any compulsive tendencies you might have . There are five hundred little red pods called &#8216; cadeaux &#8217; . Each hundred of these presented at an altar will increase your life/power capacity . This is necessary only up to a point . But the compulsion to root out every last one is there , even if you defeated the final boss ages ago . It is not surprising to me that reviews for the Playstation release were bad , while the Dreamcast , N64 and PC reviews were at worst lukewarm . This game is so ambitious it needs a stronger machine to run it decently . This aside , it still sadly lacks the polish it deserves . Hopefully , &#8216; Shadow Man 2econd Coming &#8217; , which is due out later this year , will be better . I am greatly looking forward to it , as I had feared lack of enthusiasm for the first game had killed plans for it . For now , though , if you own any of the formats other than PSOne , and this sounds like a game you would like , Shadow Man is highly recommended . And you should find it going ... , too &#8211; probably the only advantage of its lack of commercial success .
 This game was fairly enjoyable . It is a good dark , adult adventure game and has some features that other games of this type should take note of . The game is fairly non-linear . I say fairly because your character , Shadow Man , has to collect dark souls to gain more power and you need more power to access certain areas . The Shadow Power is a nice feature , in my opinion . It gives a player more of a sense of accomplishment to have your character grow more powerful as the game progresses . Another good part of this game is the atmosphere , especially the Asylum . A particular level , called the Playrooms , has background music that you would hear in a baby 's room , while at the same time you can hear horrifying screams . Levels like these , while twisted , add to the overall scary feeling of the game . The only problem I had with this game is that the interface was a little annoying to get used to . It was evident that it was designed more for the Playstation controllers , then for a keyboard/mouse combination . With the price of this game being $ 19.99 or less , I would definitely recommend it .
 This is a briliant game . The graphics are superb , the sound is very good , the control excelent and the gameplay very exciting . It compares with Mario64 only you are not collecting stars but dark souls , 120 of them , in a huge envirionment , solving puzzles on the way and have a battle or 200 with mass murderers , ghosts and other freaky customers as well . Not for the young but a must for teenagers and adults who like dark comics .
 This game creeped me out but it was fun and a bit different from your average game . It has a sort of `` Clive Barker '' look . Definitely not for kids .
 This game is the reason I bought my Dreamcast , it 's dark themes , and superb gameplay make it one of the best games I ever played , why has no one heard of this game ? A lost treasure if you ask me . If it comes out on PS2 I would buy the console just for this game .
 I played this game when I had the nintendo 64 , and owned this game . When the cut-scene where is little brother is at the aslym , that is what gave me the cold chills . This game could have been easier to play . I am looking for this game again , but I am running XP verison and ca n't find it .
 This company , EA Sports has done it again . Their games ca n't be beaten , let 's face it . Their latest release , Fight Night
 I have n't found a game this intense in a long time . I went with my son to pick out a game with his christmas money . He got King Kong . -LRB- He 's to scared to play it -RRB- Fight Night Round 2 severe sale at toys r us . 9.99 . Could n't that bad , it was a new release , and I 'm getting into sports games . Besides all the hip hop crap music , this game is incredible . Graphics are great , the slow motion power knockdowns , with the blood flyin ' , get 's you really pumped.Takes a while to figure out the swings , but you have really good control of punches and movement . I 've figured out almost all of the throws , except the haymaker . Got the game on monday at about 6pm , stayed up till 2:30 am , and woke up with the worst Ninetendo thumb since high scool ! Just had to wrap my thumb for the next round , GET IT !
 I love this game ! From the first day that I played it , I was hooked . The graphics are awesome ! I like the realism of the fight . It took me a couple of times to get used to controlling my fighter , but now I would n't have it set up any other way . This is by far my favorite game .
 This game comes out firing with all guns blazing . Fight night round 2 features stunning graphics -LRB- which show lifelike animations and facial expressions -RRB- , awesome gameplay -LRB- both single and 2 player -RRB- , a fantastic create-a-player option , and so much more . The inclusion of Super Puchout only adds to the replay value . If you are a fan of the Fight Night 2004 , a boxing fan , or just want some fast paced action , then I highly recommend checking out this awesome game .
 Positives
 This game is a must have for any Nintendo Gamecube owner . it also features a minigame `` Super Punch Out '' from 1994 Super Nintendo .
 Fight Night Round 2 is an amazing game . It is difficult to master the Total Punch Control , Haymakers , and EA Cutman , but you can change the control configuration to suit your need and you can automate the Cutman process . Career mode is awesome and deep . You can create your own player or start with another pro fighter . You start out as an amateur and go to pros . You can train , change attire , create your own entrance , hire staff and more . The graphics are also the best , and watching a replay of a knocked out fighter go to the floor is breathtaking . I give this game a 9.3 / 10
 This game is wonderful and its just amazing how such a game can ever be made . Sticking and Jabbing Eventually wears down ur opponent letting u do a crazy KO punch or a haymaker . The controls are easy to maneuver and learn although throwing a haymaker requires correct timing . Tending to cuts and swelling between rounds really brings out the realism of boxing in the game . Sparring lets u harness ur skills and learn the controls . Sticking and moving lets u easily avoid hooks or deadly punches and lets u throw a stinging jab to the face . Counterpunching just makes u feel so good . For example your opponent throws a deadly hook , you can immediately counterpunch and hit your opponent right back in his face , and this could distabilize him because he wasnt prepared for it , letting you throw a flurry of punches and even giving the opportunity to go for a haymaker , which could send them straight to the canvas . Animation is excellent and is very funny too . Rings are beautifully created and lighted and the way the boxers are introduced makes the whole thing awesome . So , what are u waiting for ??? Get your copy right now and you wont regret it . Also if u have any problems with controls u can configure it . I cant really explain it but u can do this at the begining of a fight . Go to the pause menu . Click on select controller and then choose from config 1 to config 6 . I like config 3 because u dont have to fight with the C stick with it . u can use the A , B , X and Y buttons to fight , The Z button is for special punches To throw a haymaker , simply do like ure writing the number 2 . Go right , down , left then right again and ull throw a haymaker .
 My husband loves the game ! It came brand new and even came with a extra game that love as well ! Would definitely order from them again !!
 The case and the cover insert was sorta ratted up , which was not in the bio of the one we bought . But the game seems to play well . My boyfriend has actually stopped playing , because `` its to hard '' . But hes irrelevant !
 I bought this game for my grandkids ... 3 boys ages 10 - 15 ... they love it . Everyone of them has commented on how much they like the game and how great it is . It is one of their favorites .
 First off , for those of you got this thinking they could just start wearing down the CPU right away ... not happenin ' ! I buy about 60-75 % of the Games EA puts out between EA , EA Big , etc , and I loved Fight night even tho I never watch boxing matches . Like the title says , there is a big learning curve , it looks as if EA goes for this in all of their recent games , they did it with NHL like 2 games ago , madden got a decent make over , MLB did , NBA Live did , ya see where I am going with this ? So FNII has a curve too , the oh-so talked about haymaker punch is the gun you live or die by in the game . In the first fight night you could left hook your opponent to death in like 30 seconds , this one u ca n't pull off a 7-8 punch straight combo , it is a lot more realistic . To make up for it , 1-2 combos of jabs and occasional hooks and uppercuts start to take a tool on your opponent . The Haymaker is anice once u learn how to throw one ... it will take a few fights . The super punches or special punches are nice too , they are harder to pull of but take CONSIDERABLE damage and can get u right back into a fight . The presentation is a lot better , announcer is on point all the time . The replays are awesome and u feel for the dude you just sent fallin , lots of cool weight training -LRB- I still liked last years training better but what can you do ? -RRB- , everyone says the graphics are so much better . I play it on a HD-TV with the Gamecube Monster Component cables and it looks like the first one ... oh well they are still great looking . Create-a-player is awesome , every EA title that comes out gets better and better with that feature so u can make you to a T. All in all I like the game it requires a ton if skill to go toe-to-toe your friends . However , you may not like it if u ca n't pick it up right away . I got very frustrated my first 3 hours playing the game , now I like it a lot . Super Punch out is a nice feature but does n't make it a must buy because of that . My adivce is go try it somewhere , if it is worth persuing to you , you will love it . It is nowhere near a BAD game , but those of you who ca n't stay committed to something for more than a day , go get the first fight night and keep that , I 'm keeping the old one cause I love em both . Hope this helps ...
 I bought this to gut it for the electronics because it was low cost but my daughter is using because it is smaller and more comfortable in her hands .
 Story
 yeah , that is pretty corny ... anyway ... i just beat Timesplitter
 Any game where you finding yourself screaming , `` OH NO ! Ninja assault monkeys ! '' is my kind of game . Admittedly , this is the ONLY game I 've ever screamed that.Even though I 'm female , almost 50 , and electronics challenged , I 've had a GREAT time with my teenager and this game . I highly recommend it . : -RRB-
 Finally there is a `` console '' FPS game that matches the greatness of Perfect Dark.I have been waiting for years for another good FPS game to come out on the consoles - heck even on the PC . Nightfire ? NO !!! Turok Evolution ? Good but nothing special . Doom 3 ? AMAZING but no decent multiplayer . Half Life 2 ? Step down from Doom 3 so definitely not . Halo , halo 2 ? Yeah right ... im sick of those games . Timesplitters 2 ? Getting warmer ... FINALLY the 3rd Timesplitters comes out , ironically by the makers of Goldeneye/Perfect Dark , and because of this fact u can expect a lot of the same elements that made those two classic 64 games so f ` ing great.I dont need to get into it really . Nearly everyone and his/her mom has played Goldeneye and/or Perfect Dark so most everyone knows what to expect from a clone of those . I 'll just say it this way -LRB- especially for those who loved PD 's in-frickin-credible multiplayer mode -RRB-
 This game was fun but the only thing that was ` nt in this game was fire tag , omg fire tag was so very fun in time splinters2 but this game is still fun . I still play this game and i beat this long time ago the story mode was awsome to everything is awsome in this game , this game is very enjoyable and playing the computers in deathmatch and all those other unique stuff to do when you want to play the computers like virus thats like fire tag but a little different , so this is a great fun game .
 Looking for a first person shooter with some depth to it ? One that will take more than a day or two to complete with a bunch of unlockables and extra features ? Then this game is for you.Timesplitters
 Comparatively to Timesplitters 2 , the game was n't all that great , whereas TS2 was a great game . There seemed to be less `` To Do '' in Timesplitters
 In short Timesplitters Future Perfect exceeds the quality standard of a normal Timesplitters game . The Graphics , Gameplay , Multi-player , and storyline are all very well done .4.5 out of 5
 STILL worth playing after all these years . The map maker is fantastic as well as a great cast of characters and solid weapon set . Overall good game .
 It has a great story line , creative weapons , and I like the two levels in the story mode with zombies in it . I like the different bosses , and this is way more fun than doing homework . I love it especially because you can make your own maps , guns , and enemy selection .
 Free radical did a wonderful job on this !!!! So much more fun than the second one in my opinion both single player and multiplayer . Still keeps that Goldeneye/Perfect Dark feel while adding a modern or typical fps feel like Turok . I played 5 minutes and it reminded me of Perfect Dark , oh what it could have been if Rareware stayed with nintendo . But this keeps it in line while adding a hilarious campaign and more detailed characters with better personality 's . It is a lot of fun and I was skeptical of spending thirty dollars but now I have to say I honestly think it is one o the best games I have bought for over thirty dollars . Besides Zelda which was 50 when it came out . This game has gorgeous graphics and even today it looks amazing in every aspect of the skybox and environments and character animations and so on . The Guns remind me of Perfect Dark as well which I really loved and I 'm a head shot master in all fps 's . I played Perfect Dark so much as a kid with friends as well as agent under fire , and I wish I had this to because it is so amazing !!! Get this game it 's perfect on the gamecube with the wavebird controller and makes me feel like I 'm playing a rareware classic even though it i Free Radical . Get this for awesome multilayer and amazing sngle player . Get it if you liked perfect dark with a flare of modern fps . Get the second one if you liked goldeneye and do n't care for single player campaign because I did n't really like it that much but it was still fun . Time To Split Bite My Crunchy Brown Ass
 it is a great game for both playing single and multi . It has an enourmus variety of levels and different ways to play . It was delivered in perfect conditions .
 Timesplitters was really fun to play . Certainly not worth the $ 30 used that I bought it for but overall it was definitely a good game
 This game is one of the greatest shooters of its time . with its great sense of humor and vast local multiplayer this is a must buy . Although the graphics are little dumbed down from the PS2 its still a great game !!!
 Not a bad game at all . The story was pretty funny , which was the reason why I played the game . I liked it a lot .
 Great fun , love map making ability , blast the heck out of everything . have been playing this for the past three days straight , it 's my new favorite game .
 More more MORE of the same in the series - and that 's NOT bad ! This is still the most fun multi-player FPS series I 've played on the GameCube -LRB- any system , really , as I do n't like most -RRB- . My friends and I love the variety of hilarious characters and maps . I 'm finding the missions a bit tougher than TS2 , but I 'm sure I 'll get past and open most things soon enough.My friends and I also enjoy making our own maps and some of the new features/tools are great and well implemented . I do have ONE major gripe though - we ca n't use/import maps we had made for the previous game -LRB- TS2 -RRB- - and that 's a HUGE let-down -LRB- BOO ! -RRB- as I do n't see why they could n't have made them backwards compatible . Nevertheless , we 're having fun all over again - and my friends love the Tron-looking VR levels . Excellent work overall - ca n't wait to see what they make for the Wii ! Highly recommended .
 timesplitters is awsome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1i 'm playing it over the internet . i love this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it 's so cool to play it trust me you 'll never get bored of it . i like to create my own map with auto micgineguns . if you do n't buy it you 'll regret it forever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Well TS2 was hard is was very easy to beat everything but TSPD is giving me a challenge and i loveeeee challenges sooooooo yeah thats my review its fun to play and u can do a 4 people match with 2 bots on each players team LIke Blue 2 bots green 2 bots yellow 2 bots and red 2 bots its fun More levels 150 char and stuff : -RRB-
 time splitters is a fun and unboring game . if you like shooting and killing and fun games get timespiltters 2 and future perfect . ohm yeah win reaper spiltter and robofish they are the best people you get . you could also win cheats like cardbord characters , all players invisible , fat caracters and much more . compelete siberia on med . or hard and win hybrid mutant . complete all missions on med . and easy you could unlock tons ! arcade is very easy complete arcade and win a crud load of people . complete challenge on monkey mayham and win robofish . last tip complete the spacestation misson on med . and win reaper spiltter . all of this is for timesplitters 2 one of the best games ever .
 Sorry to be so rude and waste review screener time but this game is not called Time Spitters Future Perfect it is called TimeSplitters
 My dad got me into this game when I was like ... five ? I dunno ! When I was a little girl I loved the unicorns , water elementals and elves ... but then ... I turned to the dark side -LRB- where they had cookies ! -RRB- . Soon I discovered the mischevious imps , the pit fiends with their mighty whips of doom , and the gogs with their raging fire balls . I was intrigued , almost enlighted . So I there I was Marius -LRB- my character -RRB- the magnificent queen of the Inferno . Mua ha ha ha ha ! I tamed the Cerbreus ! My Magogs tore apart those goodie two shoes drawfs and and fairies . Until I met my worst enemy . There they were ! Those horrid knights , cavaliers and griffins of the Castle . My fate was near ... but was it ?! So we fought , I sent my erfreet , famaliars , and horned demons to attack ! Sadly we lost to those nasty filthy do-goods . Then a few years after hiding the Inferno made a comeback in Heroes of Might and Magic 5 . Where I discovered the Succubi and their cunning laughter called for me ... my name is now Jezebel . Mua ha ha ha !
 Armageddons Blade does n't include that much new things , but the Elemental town is funny , though it is shame that the concept of all 7th level creatures growing at 1 per week -LRB- basic -RRB- i abandoned - phoenix grows at 2 per week -LRB- 4 with castle -RRB- , which is too great an advantage , even though it is somewhat weaker than the other 7th level creatures . The new neutral dragons are terribly -LRB- too ? -RRB- expensive , even though they are awfully strong . I wonder , if they ever will be of that much use . Anyway , if you liked Heroes III , this is an excellent way of trying new scenarios and campaigns . I miss some new spells , artifacts -LRB- there are two new relic artifacts , though -RRB- and some modified secondary skills -LRB- too many of them stinks ! -RRB- , though .
 The original Hereos III lacked something vital that the new version possesses -- challanging campaigns . Believe me , if you thought the original campaigns were tough , you are in for a big suprise . The new units are OK , and not really anything special , although they do provide a few interesting twists . The random map generator , like all random map generators , creates a totally random map . If you want an all-out battle challange , start yourself at a high difficulty and have the computer ally with its self . Used correctly , the random maps can provide hours of gameplay , AND make creating scenarios and campaigns a whole lot easier .
 Ths game itself is great . I like the conflux town very much ... . If I play a single scenario , my top choice will be it ! ... But one thing ... The campaigns are really hard ... Harder than I would imagine . . By the way , if you download the patch from 3DO , remember that the cost of angel and archangel slightly increased by 1 gem and 3 gems each .
 Armageddon 's Blade plays almost identical to HOMM 3 . However , there are some new twists . For instance , there is a new castle called the Conflux . This castle is ingenious , and very creative . Furthermore , there are new heroes that were not found in HOMM 3 . There are also some interesting new armies , such as the sharpshooter . Overall , the new creatures and heroes make for an improvement than HOMM 3 . BUT , the campaigns are very difficult at some spots . Some of the campaigns have time restraints on them that are very challenging to meet . Or , on some campaigns you may not lose any of your heroes . Of all the campaigns , `` Dragon 's Blood '' and `` Armageddon 's Blade '' were the most enjoyable and entertaining . There are a few minor problems with the game , but for the most part there are patches that exist to eliminate those problems . ENJOY !
 Heroes of Might & Magic III
 For those of you who have played Heroes 2 and 3 , you may have noticed that a few cool creatures from 2 had been lost when 3 was made . Now , you have the chance to see them again , in the world of Heroes 3 ! Everything from 2 has been brought back , save Druids because Druid is now a type of Hero , including Phoenixes , Mummies , Halflings , and Rogues . We also get brand new creatures , such as the lethal Azure Dragon ! A new town appears , complete with two new hero classes , new spells , new structures , including my favorite , a password gate that does n't disappear after the password has been read , and new artifacts , including the awesome Armageddon 's Blade ! This is an expansion pack , so you must have Heroes 3 to use this . However , this does not erase anything you have done , and nothing major about the gameplay is changed or removed , there are only additions and improvements .
 Very much a case of more of the same , but this is most certainly NOT a complaint . The computer AI has been vastly improved , there are more creature types , new heroes and heaps of new maps . The new campaigns are excellent , although the later stages are quite difficult and time consuming.My only critiscm is that a few new spells would have been great , but overall the new levels and campaign make this a very worthwhile purchase . * WARNING * as with the original - this game is addictive in the extreme !
 A real expansion pack , adding new items , heroes , and campaigns , but most of all a new town to play with . The Conflux town adds brand new troop types to work with , as well as bringing back a few `` lost favorites '' from the Heroes II troop types . If you ca n't get enough of the original Heroes III , then this is exactly what you 're looking for . More of all the good stuff .
 HOMM3 Armageddon 's Blade includes a campaign called `` Dragon Slayer '' , which is easily one of the nastiest , most diabolical campaigns I 've ever seen . You have to fight 3500 Naga Queens at 2 occasions , kill throngs of dragons of all kinds , including a throng of Azure Dragons that has 1000 hit points each ! I had a lot of fun playing it , especially when my hero got up to 40 + attack and power skills carrying swarms of titans and giants in order to slay those dragons . Also , in the final scenario , there were no mage guilds or wells to refill your mana ! Any self-respecting HOMM fan should challenge him or herself with the Dragon Slayer campaign in this outstanding HOMM3 sequel.Enhancements in this sequel include a new town type , Conflux , which is home to elementals , sprites , and phoenixes . You can guard your mines by dumping creatures in them , just like dumping them in garrisons . New wandering creatures include the aforementioned Azure Dragon and 3 other dragons , Sharpshooter -LRB- ranger with no distance penalty -RRB- , Enchanter -LRB- ranger who casts group spells -RRB- , and creatures seen in HOMM2 such as Peasant , Rogue , and Nomad . There is also a super-artifact called `` Armageddon 's Blade '' ; in one campaign you help necromancers build it , and in another you help Queen Catherine take it from the necromancers.Great fun !
 Armageddon 's Blade is a great expansion to HOMM3 . It combines all the creatures from HOMM2 , except the extremely powerful ghost , as well as exciting new creatures such as enchanters and sharpshooters . The new campaigns are very difficult , but the continuation of the Erathian saga is intriguing . However , the difficulty of the campaigns is more for the die hard fan , rather than a person new to the game . Never boring , it will leave you contimplating one last turn that will last for hours .
 As someone who is prone to the wonderfully addictive power of this series , I loved this expansion . The new maps , troops and town were excellent additions . Implementation of the new features into maps was surprisingly limited - although anyone who is sufficiently devoted to the series to buy this game will no doubt want to try their hand at creating some maps of their own . Heroes III is an excellent party game and the new option of random maps can also help speed the process of choosing a map to compete over with your friends.The real meat of the expansion - the new challenge campaigns - was much more mixed . Each and every one certainly was a challenge -LRB- especially Dragon Slayer ! -RRB- but the work put into the game 's story was either very good or very bad . The eponymous Armageddon 's Blade campaign was loaded with well-thought-out story intermissions and world-building ; the mapmakers took care to develop and explore each and every character well beyond their role on the battle map . Similarly , the Dragon 's Blood campaign was full of surprisingly thoughtful observations about how the Dungeon faction works -LRB- or does n't ! -RRB- , no less fun for their delivery through a deviously unreliable narrator . The other three non-unlockable campaigns were very lacking in plot - what little writing went into them was very simple and riddled with inconsistencies and plot holes . After running campaigns that felt like the designers had put love and care into every little detail , these felt disappointing . But even if you 're as much a stickler about plot as I am , there 's still enough of it in this box to satisfy . And if you 're not , none of the challenge campaigns will fail to challenge .
 There is n't a single aspect of this game that was n't top quality . The graphics , the musical score , the storyline , the dialog , and the game play all had a lot of effort put into them.It is a welcome change to the adventure genre . It has the interface of a first person shooter with the problem solving of Myst . As is typical , many problems can be solved by trial and elimination , but much more complex problems with multiple solutions .
 I admit I never finished Outcast ; I only got a small way into it . But it 's on my list of games to come back to later on . This is one of the only games I have seen that comes close to realizing the idea of a fully-immersive , living 3D world as a backdrop to an adventure game . The game is huge and very non-linear . Unlike -LRB- say -RRB- Shenmue on the Dreamcast , you are not led around the nose , and there are vast areas to explore . The downside is that the voxel-based graphics are dated . But the artistic design -LRB- always a strength of Infogrames ' -RRB- goes a long way to make up for the technological deficiencies.If you can pick up the game on the cheap , it 's worth getting it just for the music . The soundtrack to `` Outcast '' is better than most movie scores , and can be played on a regular CD player .
 Yes the title speaks the truth , but this is probably the best french game ever . With Omikron on the horizon , the french may soon rule our markets forever ! But until then , Outcast will live on in my memory along other great american games such as Half-Life and System Shock 2 . I can not stop playing this game ! Buy it , you may be helping the french , but this game is worth it . Just do n't fall for other European conspiracies as the try to rival us . Happy Gaming !
 Personally , I am not an action gamer . I prefer RPG 's and most of all games involving strategy and thinking -LRB- yes , some games do involve this -RRB- . This game , my favorite game , does involve these things , and it is incredible . The soundtrack , performed my the Moscow Symphony Orchestra , is beyond good . The graphics are astounding . The storyline is worthy of a 90 's movie , which doesnt say much , but for a game it is a great story . The dialogue is a little less than incredible , with clich&eacute; lines and the like , but that is to be expected . This game does not center around killing stuff , it centers around thinking , using strategy , being smart . You have to be a diplomat to an alien race , you have to sneak through an enemy base undetected , save the world -LRB- a minor achievement -RRB- , and learn to trade with merchants , among many other aspects of the game . But it 's the little things that make the difference . In the first part of the game , you are in a snowy area tucked away in a small mountain valley . When you walk around in the snow , you can hear the snow crunch under your feet , and you can see your footprints in the snow . This game is simply magnificent . It is a cut above the rest , without a doubt the best game I have ever played . I can not wait for Outcast 2 . I hope I 've shed some light on this game for you .
 In a country like the U.S. where first person shooters rule , Outcast is refreshing alternative from Belgian developer Appeal and French Publisher Infogrames which mixes decent action , problem solving , exploring , and interactivity all into a wonderfully entertaining and quite addictive package . I had a great time exploring the vast regions of Adelpha . It 's a welcome change to not be wandering around in a bunch of rooms with only four walls and a ceiling . Outcast is set OUTDOORS on farmland , hills , valleys , temples , marshes , mountains and deserts . There are skies , clouds , moons , fog , and extras like lens flare as you face the sun , excellent shadows , and a stunning water rippling effect as you 're swimming . The Artificial Intelligence engine works great as the games characters go about thier daily activities and soldiers change tactics in mid-battle . The dialog is irreverant , the orchestral score is epic and better than most films , and the 50-60 hours of gameplay will keep you entertained throughout the holidays .
 Outcast is by far the most immersive game I have ever played . From the movie quality soundtrack to the superior character AI , it 's easy to become addicted to this jem.The graphics alone are worth more than the price of the game . Featured are realtime polygon deformation for characters -LRB- no more disconnected joints ! -RRB- , realtime water ripples and reflections , realtime ANTIALIASING -LRB- pixel smoothing -RRB- , incredibly detailed voxel terrains , and even such small details as realtime footprints left in the snow.This game will make you feel as if you 're living a storybook fantasy . Just do n't forget to pay attention to your wife now and then .
 At first glance the find-the-items-to-save-world plot in Outcast appears just another simplistic game plot , however the rich environment and innovative gameplay create an exceptional experience that no one should miss . In your journey you journey though five main but unique areas , meet several dozen unique NPCs along with hundreds of others.The story unfolds through the interaction with the NPCs and in-game cutscenes by which you are given tasks to perform . You slowly learn the game 's vocabulary that 's based on the language of the world you are in . Though a bit cheesy , you save the game by using a device called a Gamsaav , the language reminds you that you 're not in Kansas anymore . And while the graphics have n't aged well overall , character animations are smooth and surprisingly realistic , voice work is also well-done . While combat consist of the usual shoot-the-enemy , the enemies do have some rudimentary tactics of avoiding your fire that at least makes them hard to hit . Combat is a little too easy because your projectile weapons equipped with a laser sight that makes long-range sniping easy . You can also use stealth tactics using invisiblity , distraction holograms and even crawling to sneak around but in the end you have to kill most of the enemies.Innoviate gameplay really makes Outcast stand out . Every enemy drops a bit of money and you 'll need all of it . When you start out , you only have a handgun of course , but you do n't find your other weapons laying around , instead you have to buy them from low-life merchants who have already found them lying around . You also purchase weapons upgrades too . And while a good amount of ammo is laying around , local craftsmen will make ammo for you . As you travel you find raw materials , like metal , that you give to the craftsmen who , given a little time make you more ammo.Special tasks change your emenies . These optional tasks , like stopping food production or tax collections , will weaken or reduce the numbers of enemies you face.Outcast is n't perfect . The third-person perspective can make it difficult to see targets directly in front of you and the semi auto-aim can make it hard to shoot what you want . The first-person mode does help a lot but switching mode often can be jarring . The laser targeting is also very dim so hitting what you want in a big fire-fight can be a problem . There 's also dynamite available but you ca n't throw and it does n't blow on it own reducing it 's effectiveness . There 's the usual issues too
 First off , this game uses a Voxel space rendering engine , which is not hardware driven , its CPU driven . You need a fast CPU for this game -LRB- at least 900mhz -RRB- to run it smoothly.Many ppl complain that voxels are dated technology and unattractive . My opinion is that voxels create much more natural looking terrain than polygons . And with processor speeds reaching 2.5 ghz these days , it is absolutely no problem to render enviros with voxels , perhaps as high as 640x480 res -LRB- even tho Outcast doesnt support so high a res , I think the limit is 500 something by something -RRB- . Yes , its been a while since I 've played , but the Outcast world made a huge impression on my mind after playing . Such an impression that I keep wanting to go back and play again and again.The enemy AI is also some of the best you will ever find , save for maybe Thief . It appears so organic -LRB- as opposed to machine-like -RRB- . Enemies travel in groups often , they dont easily spot you unless you are in plain sight for a while , something games like Soldier of Fortune 2 ... at -LRB- where enemies see you as soon as you are within seeing range no matter what -RRB- . IF spotted and you go hide like on a roof or crawl into a shallow pond , the enmey , like in Thief , will blow horns , summon back-up , come looking where they saw you last , search around , and eventually , if they dont see you , give up and go back to patrolling or whatever . The physics are convincing , maneuvering in the voxel environment is reliable and easy , the game handles so well its a shame theres not a multiplayer component -LRB- that would OWN on this game ! -RRB- THe game also supports bump mapped textures.Each world has u interacting with key people -LRB- though u can talk to anyone -RRB- they will give u tasks or requests , and if you decide to do them you reap whatever rewards come -LRB- the most important being to advance the storyline -RRB- I think the game supports Aureal 3d sound -LRB- maybe eax not sure i forgot -RRB- but the sound effects are totally realistic and immersive . Heck i am going to go play the game again now just from getting psyched up writing this spontaneous review . Water effects are awesome , with reflections and large-scale ripple effects , the water blows away that of any other game ! ANyway , the whole world is geniously crafted , the beings are perfect , I only stopped when i couldnt figure out how to progress anymore , but there are sites with help that i will go read . Great weapons , great AI , great use of voxel graphics , shadows , etc. . FOr the current price of the game -LRB- now several years old -RRB- it is WORTH it . I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat , for a present to my cousins or whatever .
 Outcast ... truly one of the games that will live on in my mind forever . I remember purchasing it nearly TWO years ago for $ X.XX because PCGamer gave it such a good review , and then not playing more than fifteen minutes into the game . School had just ended and I needed a quick fix -- something Outcast surely did n't offer . I am glad , however , that it did n't give me what I wanted right then , for it was destined to provide me with more gaming goodness than any game ever has.The voxel-based graphics , while not of your typical curvy-surfaced Quake 3 caliber , are wonderfully appropriate for the open-ended -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- gameplay . The sweeping farmland and detailed forest locales would simply not be possible with any other engine , and the voxel technology has a personality of it 's own.As for the music ... I popped it into my pap 's brand new DVD player and he thought we were listening to the soundtrack of some epic movie . I actually go so far as to blast the music in my car stereo whenever I pass by some fella cranking his rap ... The game itself is huge , covering four or five gigantic continents , each with it 's own style and mysteries . Your character will traverse through a desert slave-camp , an ancient forest , and a middle-eastern-inspired city , teeming with hundreds of working citizens -LRB- each of which can be talked to -RRB- . This game truly is an epic in it 's own manner.And for the price it 's at now , there really should n't be anything stopping you from buying it . Do n't make the mistake of rushing into it as I did ; give it time to grab hold of you ... and you 'll soon come to realise that it 's there to stay .
 For a long time , I 've wondered if I had become so jaded to video games that I would never again find one which really caught my attention/imagination . Outcast has erased all doubt of this.Outcast is an engaging and immersive action/adventure set in a parallel universe . You appear in this world and are identified as the saviour of the beings you find . A reluctant hero , you agree to help them if they agree to help you on the mission which sent you here - finding a lost probe which is causing a rift between parallel universes which could destroy the earth.Okay , it sounds hokey , but the fantastic voice acting , imaginative worlds , and sheer number of characters you can find and interact with really draw you into this role . It 's very nonlinear , allowing you to pursue any of literally many , many dozens of different quests , some major and some incidental , at any time.The action component is also well-done , using an AI that 's easy enough to not seriously hamper your ability to concentrate on the adventures , but difficult enough that it does n't get boring . If you 're ever overwhelmed by the amount of stuff you have to do , or you just do n't feel like adventuring for a little while , you can spend a few hours running around mopping up bad guys.The voice acting in general is quite good . The story , while a bit goofy , is enough that you can easily get caught up in it . The combat is engaging , with the enemies hiding behind objects , coming at you from the other side around buildings , rushing you several at a time , etc. . The character interaction is well-done and entertaining . All around , it 's a top-notch game ; One of the best I 've played in quite some time . I dropped a few weeks of all of my spare time into this one.My only major complaint is that even with the patch it was a bit ` iffy ' on my system . I 'm running Windows 2000 , and although the site here lists 2000 as an OS for the game , it 's not actually strictly supported . It does work , but it would every once in a blue moon just spontaneously unload , and I 'd find myself stating at the desktop . I suggest making a real habit of saving often -- after you do any major thing . Also , relying on the computer notes are fine , but there are a few things it does n't keep track of , especially in terms of matching names to jobs . If you speak to someone who you know you want to see again -LRB- ex . the region 's recreator -RRB- , take special care to remember their name.All in all , I would highly recommend this game . Easily a five-star product .
 Do yourself a favor and buy this game . Seriously . This game has everything I 've looked for in a game and kept me plastered to the screen for hours until I beat it . The art of game making has long been lost , but every once in a while a true gem comes from out of nowhere and restores my faith in the industry . Just because you may not have heard of this game does n't mean it is n't worth of a look . For less than $ 20 it 'll be one of the best investments you 'll ever make for your PC .
 it 's amazing game of my lifei waiting for new version
 Deep and expansive in both gameplay and storytelling , this one draws you in and does not let up . Aside from somewhat weak voice-acting , this is an absolutely must-have game . You do not even need 3D accelaration for it to be beautiful ! Do n't Hesitate ! Buy It !
 I like this game . It is n't good as the orignal but the original was n't masterpiece . But it works . It does n't require to steep system requirements . It is n't to violence . But it is just plain fun . The only real problem had was unrealistic weapons and arcade like flying but remains me of Novalogic Games .
 Hi , TGHN is a great game , we all know its unrealistic , but its still fun , the graphics are extreamlly good , especially the lighting effects , the missions are easy , i have clocked hte game before , by the way , i am ranked number # 1 in the world in the game , noone on the Zone could beat me , i could take on the hole server easy , carrier landing is the hardest form of landing and i could do it with my eyes shut , manually of coursem not the bull $ hit ILS lol!by the way , my name in the game was Movallin !
 Hi , TGHN is a great game , we all know its unrealistic , but its still fun , the graphics are extreamlly good , especially the lighting effects , the missions are easy , i have clocked hte game before , by the way , i am ranked number # 1 in the world in the game , noone on the Zone could beat me , i could take on the hole server easy , carrier landing is the hardest form of landing and i could do it with my eyes shut , manually of coursem not the bull $ hit ILS lol!by the way , my name in the game was Movallin !
 I love this game , I love it so much I have it for XBOX too . The reason I have it for the Cube too is the fact it offers Mario Characters too , namely Peach , Luigi and Mario . Honestly , it 's a nice addition for Gamecube owners as the other systems dont ' offer any mascot players , but I 'll tell you up front the different characters dont play any differently from the regular basketball players so do n't expect anything from that regard.Wouldn ' t it have been great seeing Mario heat up and turn red like he does on his classic Mario games ? Maybe some special Nintnedo `` ish '' dunks that only Mario or Princess Peach could pull off ? Maybe an added touch of a basket catching fire or having princess Peach float through the air to reach the rim like she does in her Mario expeditions . These characters are for visuals only , they do the same dunks and moves as every other player in the game , so do n't expect anything different from that regard . Mind you , most people wont ' care , seeing these guys go up against Iverson , Shaq , Kobe and old school players is a comedic treat for Nintnedo fans.This game is well worth the price of admission and I consider it to be the best multiplayer game to ever hit the shelf . With 3 other game controllers , you can have up to 4 human players at once . Online would have been nice for Gamecube owners , but the ultra long street challenge mode and mutiplayer options will keep you busy for sometime . The street Challenge mode takes you through an extensive season to get your created player up to speed . You can earn new workout clothes , new jerseys , new socks , new shoes , new hairstyles , new jewelery , new hairstyles , and even change your body style . You can even go the female route if you want , it 's a pretty extensive customization option the game offers for your pleasure.As with the PS2 and XBOX versions of the game , the game has a wagon load of current NBA Players and old school . As with many , a massive disappointment is the absence of Michael Jordan in Vol 3 . Amazingly Jordan was all through Volume 2 so many are surprised not to see him in Vol 3 , I guess it had to do with licensing issues . Bummer . But if you can forgive that , the lineup is very extensive , so do n't cry . Good music tuneage , annoying announcer as always , tremendous graphics , players look amazing , and the vast amount of trick moves , dunks , venues for the courts are extensive , you wo n't be disappointed . Buy this game if you own a Gamecube , you wo n't regret it .
 This game is awesome . On the Gamecube you can play as Mario , Peach , And my Favorite Luigi . I thought it would be hard to control but once you get used to it it is easy.If you like Basketball and even if you dont get this game . Your 50 bucks is worth it . There is probably only 1 problem . No Michael Jordan . The rest of the game is awesome . Good graphics , cool gameplay , and loads of fun . This game has many features . 1 . You can make your own court . 2 . Legends EX Magic Jonshion , Larry Bird , e.t.c. 3 . Da Beastie Boys are unlockable . 4 . Make your own charecter . 5 . You can make your own shoes . Thats right your own shoes . If that isnt enought cool songs including 1 Beastie boys song to play to , a long , but fun Street Chanlenge mode , when you create a charecter many different things to chose from , and cool gameplay . That , my friend is why this is the best Basketball game for 2005 so far and most likely will be for the rest of the year .
 I 've played basketball with my friends , a lot . yet I 've never played on a team . But with this game it doesnt matter . I would recommend only getting this game if your getting it for Gamecube . Why ? Because of Mario Luigi and Peach . They just make the game seem more funny and less serious ... just the way i like it ! Also with the move stick it can become a natural way of moving in the game . The ability of chosing and customizing the character 's looks and stats is just one of the many features that make this game overal A-My Opinion : Graphics - A-Sound - B+C ontrols - AReplay value - A-Overal Score - A -
 Since the landmark success of NBA Jam in the 1990 's basketball video games have often come & gone quite constantly . Yet , this really is n't anything new at all . However , for Electronic Arts , they have really felt that extraordinary need to get back into the video game basketball race . With the surprise success of the NBA Street franchise , basketball has taken a whole new meaning to the words Slam Dunk . Arguably , it took the 3 on 3 days and even the classic 2 on 2 days from the NBA Jam era , to a great era of the return to street jam . It is a great opportunity and a welcome for all gamecube gamers alike.NBA Street V3 for Nintendo Gamecube , really takes the game of basketball to even better odds . The game includes a lot of great gamers , that you can play from great teams like the Chicago Bulls , New York Knicks , and others . The game follows up NBA Jam quite well , where you can make spectacular slam dunks and shots from street basketball . The game also features modes where you can make up your own custom players and sleek courts of your own game . The games street mode allows you to make your own challenging contestants , and put them to the street mode . The game even includes a welcome cameo from Mario , Luigi and Princess Toadstool a.k.a Peach from the Super Mario games . It also includes a Slam Dunk contest , where you get judged on your slamming , and your creativity . The sound is really upbeat , and brings out the real feel of grear hip hop and rap from acts like House Of Pain , and the legendary Beastie Boys . The control gets used to with practice , if you have n't played the earlier NBA Street games , but it is easy to get used to.All in all , NBA Street V3 is a great sports game , and one of the best for the Nintendo Gamecube . It is a little dull but challenging to play by yourself , but with others , it is just a delight . This is a real must have for anybody who is eager to jam , or who is just new to the NBA Street games . That is no missed shot at all.Graphics
 This game is so cool ! With the all new trick stick you can do a bunch of totaly awesome tricks . You can use any player from the NBA . You can use current players like Vince Carter , Carmelo Anthony , and LeBron James or old players like Kareem Abdul Jabar , Wilt Chamberlain , and Larry Bird . If thats not enough for you , you can customize your own baller with the more advanced customazation that makes your created baller look so real and so awesome . The new gamebreaker is so cool too . You can do a bunch of cool mid air tricks to do an awesome gamebreaker dunk . After you create your own baller you can create a court for him and try out the cool new street challenge and build your baller 's reputation to the max . To top all of that off there is a new dunk contest which is sort of baised off of the gamebreaker dunk . So that 's the basics of Nba Street V3 but there is still a lot of cool stuff on it so you should try it out .
 I have played NBA Street and NBA Street Volume 2 , but NBA Street V3 has got to be the best one I 've played . I played this one in Nintendo Gamecube , and the gamebreaker has been even better than the original gamebreakers . It would have been even better if there was a Three-Point Shootout along with the Dunk Contest . I give this game a 10 out of 10 .
 Let me start out by saying this game kicks ass ! Now , that being said , I 'll tell you why that this game kicks ass . The coustomization is awesome . I found the limited coustomization took away from the second one . I mean in this one not only can you create your own baller , you can create your own court and shoes too ! There are also more courts to unlock than in the last one . The unlockable street legends are the best yet . With classics like Stretch and Bonafide , to new ones like Phat . Though in my opinion they should have brought back Osmosis . The trickstick was a GREAT addition and brings tricks moves to a whole , more sic , new level . However there wee two things I found wrong with the game . If your a B-Ball fan -LRB- Myself being a huge one -RRB- the first thing is rather big . For whatever reason the dis n't include Michael Jordan !!! I do n't know how or why , but they did n't . The second thing has to do with the charactors too . I , personally , found Nelly and the St. Lunitics to be MUCH better than the Beastie Boys . Well , that 's my review . For more info as well as screen shots go to
 THE GOOD THINGS-DUNK CONTEST -LRB- COMPLETELY UNREAL YOU CAN DO A QUADRUPLE THREW THE LEGS DUNK OVER A PORTABLE JOHN FROM THE THREE POINT LINE . -RRB- - STREET LENGENDS INCLUDING BIGGIE LITTLES , DIME , TAKASHI , PHAT , BONIFIDE , AND STRETCH.-THE GAMEBREAKERS DUNKS ARE THE DUNK CONTEST DUNKS.THESE MAY EVEN GIVE YOU A +4 POINTS.THE BAD THINGS-THERE IS NONE.IN STREET CHALLENGE YOUR GOAL IS TO BUILD YOUR REPUTATION . IN THIS GAME YOU CAN UNLOCK EVERY STREET LEGEND IN STREET CHALLENGE . THEN YOU CAN PUT THEM ON YOUR TEAM . YOU ALSO GET TO JOIN AN NBA TEAM . IF YOU MISS ONE NBA GAME YOU MIGHT GET KICKED OFF THE TEAM . OVERALL THIS GAME IS TOTALLY WICKED.OH YES IT IS COOL YEAH THE BOMB DIGGITY FRESH . BUY IT NOW OR YOU WILL NOT HAVE BOUGHT IT . WAIT KEEP READING . NO MICHEAL JORDAN I HAVE A TRUE EXPLANATION HIS CONTRACT ENDED WITH EA SPORTS . IF YOU PLAYED NBA LIVE 05 YOU WILL ALSO NOTICE HE ISNT THERE BUMMER BUT WAIT THEY HAVE THEY HOOK SHOT KING GUESS WHO YES KAREEM-ABDUL JABAR
 I bought this game not knowing what to expect , and I wondering if I made a mistake , but as soon as I put in the disc I realized that this game is AWESOME !!!!!! . I was amazed at how good the graphics were , and how accurate the faces were . The gameplay never gets old , and It will be the only game you play for a very very long time . This could very well be the best multi-player game ever , and I am serious . The new slam dunk contest is a great mode to play with friends , and fun to play alone too . THIS IS A MUST OWN FOR ANYBODY .
 NBA Street V3 is definitely one of the best games I own , and have ever played . I think it is easily the best game in the series . The thing that makes the game so cool is the amount of customization . You can create your own player , court , and even your own shoes ! There are many great things about this game . I am not blind though , and can see some problems : Pros : - Heavy level of customization-Really nice and soft looking graphics-Updated rosters-Dunk contest , very sweet ! - Several made up street ledgends and real NBA ledgends -LRB- minus one very important one -RRB- - An actually interesting one-player mode-An awesome multi-player experienceCons : - The most ANNOYING announcer I 've ever seen in a sports game . 1 of of every 50 things he says is actually entertaining or funny . Then you hear 100 times more and you just turn the sound off.-No Micheal Jordan . What is that ? Oh well . . they do have a large assortment of other NBA ledgends.-It is too easy to steal and shoot long range shots is this game.-The dunk contest is cool , but is a little too easy and simple.NBA Street V3 is a very good game . The promblems I listed are all minor and not game changing . If you are a basketball fan , own any of the other 2 street games , or are just looking for a fun time , then buying this game should definitely be on your To Do List .
 This is cool because there is Super Mario , Luigi , and Peach ! Is that COOL !
 Wow , I 'm not a basketball fan , but I love this game !! Only on gamecube , you can play with Mario , Peach and Luigi ! It 's funny seeing them play against real players , almost funny to watch ! This is one of the best video games I have for my gamecube . Must have for fans !!! Toodles everyone !
 hey . i want to say that this game was pretty good . it had some unnessessery stuff in the INSIDE MENU , but overall , it was cool . the good thing is you get to make little guyrs . i personaly thnk that they should come up with a better looking PHAT , or BONAFID . they should also use new rapers like mybe 50 cent . that game only has 1 gramebraker . they tried making such good rraphics hat it made it slow . i hate the trick stick idea cause , the same dirrection dose different moves , which tricks you . you also get bored of the game after a while . i give it 85 % .
 This is a great game , but it completely changed the gameplay from the way it was on NBA Street Volume 2 . Personally , I really enjoyed the style of the previous game , so if you do n't mind a very different game then this is for you .
 This game is DA BOMB.I would say this is one of my best GameCube games ever , and I really do n't have a lot of games on the GameCube .10 out of 10 . Look at the Pros and Cons to see why.I got this 3 years ago . . AND I STILL LOVE IT !!!! Pros : Cool movesFun gameplayGood Street Legends -LRB- Takashi returns from the 1st game !!! -RRB- Build a Court featureCustomize a CharacterMARIO , LUIGI , AND PEACH !!!! SWEET !! Everything !! Cons : More Mario Characters -LRB- Yoshi , Daisy , Donkey Kong , etc. -RRB- Nice NBA legends ... but ... NO Micheal Jordan !!!!!
 Great fun and hours of game play for any age group.Highly recommended for any sports fan .
 The game is really fun to play and easy to use . I like creating my own characters and putting a team together . I highly recommend this game !
 I bought this game about a week after it came out . When I started playing it , I was amazed by how much more things there were to do in the game than the 1st nba street . I have already completed the street challenge of the game . My REP was 999 and my wins - losses were 158 - 0 . But of course that was on standard level . Im playing it again on medium level now . I really incourage you to buy the game . I really enjoy playing it .
 i dont like basketball that much and this game rocks . it is like tony hawk where you can create a person and a place . for your team you could have up to 5 people and your character doesnt have to be on the team . you can have real people on your team and created ballers . this game also has different modes to choose from . theres dunk contest , pick-up game , and the story mode sort of thing , street legend . there 's more i just cant remember . some of the ballers are not even around in this game . like the old guys , you might say . and for the gamecube only they have the mario bros. they can do anything , even though they are short as a baby . even if you dont like basket ball , this game is cool . -LRB- Kyle Gern -RRB-
 This game is awesome ! It is so fun making your own team and doing street challenge ! You can create your own characters , shoes , and courts ! The characters you make can get very deep detail ! The game has great graphics ! I like this game a lot and I suggest eveyone buy it . It is an awesome basketball game !
 Overall this is a pretty good game , my son likes it a lot . But there is bad language in almost every song so you may want to avoid buying it for younger kids . Not appropriate for a rated E game !
 i got this game aweek or so ago and i love it ! the slam dunk contest is my overall favorite . the tricks and dunks are just unbelivible ! this is in my top 5 game list . -LRB- even though i 've only ever played 10 . -RRB- the graphics are amazing . they look very three dimentional . to all those kids -LRB- and adults -RRB- over 7 , i reccomend this game to you .
 This game is awesome because u can play in dunk contest and you already have mario luigi and peach when you start to play the game . You can do these cool dunks when u get a gamebreaker . You can do cool street moves . Overall thisgame is one of the best nba games .
 And much much more of course ... Resident Evil has made a name for itself by being a fun , stylish and very stratified game . Either new players love it , like me , or they can not stand it . If anything , REO goes a long way towards breaking this mold through more intuitive controls and `` simpler '' menu screens . BUt it is still a zombie game with puzzles and so if TOmb Raider was n't your style of gameplay , REO likely is n't either.As for the game itself , many of us Resident Evil fans have been highly excited by the prospect of finally playing side by side in a game . Unfortunetly , the dreams we had of a massive city with numbers of small groups running around in it proved not to be possible . Instead players are given 5 scenarios , all fairly short , which they can play with other folks online . Which brings up a problem . There is no 2 player support for one machine , a strange oversight which might be explained by the need to share screens but it would have been welcome all the same . Because then the players could communicate with more than the very simple commands that are available to players in this game . I can not tell another player to combine 2 items and then take them to a certain room . All I can do is ask for them , hope he gives them to me , then do it myself . No keyboard or voice systems are available.Realistically , it does n't matter too much . The single player game is still classic RE and although you must trust NPC characters to support you , they are not entirely worthless as they are well capable of surviving . And although each scenario is short , they prove fun all the same . My only real gripe in this area is the need to complete the entire thing -LRB- there is a save option but ... lets just say it is lacking -RRB- which up the anxiety -LRB- a good thing -RRB- and the frustration -LRB- a bad thing -RRB- . There is nothing worse than making it all the way to the end of a scenario and then falling dead seconds from completion.Overall , in comparison to games like Resident Evil Zero on Gamecube , this one is better and worse . Better because it encompasses a huge amount of area and fun , as well as letting players interact more , worse because it is disjointed and has little of the story line that makes RE so engrossing . But since REO came out on Playstation , to the consternation of Gamecube RE players like yours truly , this is a great way to whett some appitties for zombie blasting .
 This game is NOT GOOD-its the worst resident evil game-all other resident evil games are VERY GOOD-I am not just saying this to prejudice-it is a trully bad game.-very long loading times-online cant use a headset-takes forever to set up online-to hard to control-controls are very bad-to hard to shoot and use items-to many glitches and freezes alot-there are also many other problems
 Hi I am a big fan of Resident evil I have Played and beat all there games , I have not played this great game yet but I am anxuse to play it.I have some friends that played this game and said that it is great and worth buying the effects and gameplay is awsome , I am also wait to try there new Online mode That well be cool so any ways Buy this game I know you would like it I know I would I am going to buy this great game soon !!! So Good Lck on the game
 Resident evil outbreak is the best game yet.I thoght this game was ausome will keep you entertained for hours .
 I bought this game on April 4th and today I have reached the last of the five scenarios . I have been playing for a total time of around 6 hours on the easy difficulty . This game is different from the other games because of two main things ... 1 . Your game takes place in 5 different scenarios in different places . 2 . You play along with a team of two other computer operated players or online with a team of 3 other players . The game has stunning visuals and the videos are breathtaking but what else to you expect ... it is Capcom . It is very refreshing with the choice to either change characters between levels or continue persuing the game with the character you started with . The game plays alot like the other games with a choice of traditional d-pad controls or left analog stick control . The game is long but keeps you satisfied with amazing videos and all the suspense and action that resident evil is known for . I would recommend this game to anyone and if you are a fan of the resident evil series you should be slapped if you dont buy this .
 Nice game but did not work on the PlayStation 3 system pal so I 've played on the ps2this game region NTSC : -LRB- I received the game quickly , Thank you
 This game was Amaizing , online or offline you have fun either way ! you take control of one of eight main characters , then you team up with three -LRB- offline -RRB- or up to 4 -LRB- online -RRB- it is really awesome ! I am a big fan of Resident Evil and Outbreak is no different i will enjoy playing this game online or offline for years to come , and if you liked this which you will you will love the next installment Outbreak File # 2 !!! As i stated above , you ca n't get any better with resident evil than this ... the whole sense of Survival horror mixed with an aresenal of weapons and tag teaming fun ... Resident evil will keep fans happy with old and new favorites and lure new coming fans for years to come ... I LOVED THIS GAME , and Resident Evil ROCKS !!!
 this game is probably the third worst game in the series -LRB- right after dead aim and the survivor games -RRB- and it is still very fun but frustrating if you play with friends online in the same room then it is extremely fun . but when you are with computer a.i. people the frustration begins . example when you are in the hospital level and you have to kill the worm thing your alies keep going in the chamber thing to die with it of course you cant just kill them too becausewell i dont know why you cant if its a survival horror game shouldnt they have to survive their insane alies too . ehh i dont know but still really fun to play but you have to be a die hard fan of resident evil to find the fun .
 Five scenarios and eight characters means a lot of replay value . The game is excellent . The graphics are flawless , however , the controls take some getting used to . Also , some of the zombie sounds are recycled from Resident Evil games of the 90 's . You 'd think they 'd be able to afford to record new sounds by now ! And the virus meter is very annoying . The first scenario , Outbreak , takes place on the streets of Raccoon city , reminiscent of Resident Evil 2 and 3 . The only problem with it is that there is seemingly an endless supply of zombies , who can open doors . The second scenario , Below Freezing Point , is a lot of fun , as it takes place in Umbrella 's secret lab from Resident Evil 2 and 0 . The third scenario , The Hive , takes place in a hospital , I think the same one from Resident Evil 3 . The only problem with this scenario is that there 's a monster that always follows you around , and it reminded me of the Leech Monster from Resident Evil 0 . The fourth scenario , Hellfire , takes place in a burning hotel , and is very cool , since it features the return of the Lickers . The fifth and final scenario is called Decisions , Decisions . It takes place at Raccoon University , and has many routes to explore . I have n't played it online , so I ca n't comment on that aspect of it . This game is an excellent mix of old and new , and a must-have .
 I 'm warning you , there is boring stuff that you might not want to read ... but anyways ... First of all , I hav n't played much of the Resident Evil seris , just the GameCube remake and number 2 + 3 on playstation . But some of my friends love Resident Evil , and were exicted to get this game . I was wondering what was it about these games they liked.About two weeks ago whenever one of my friends bought the only Resident Evil he did n't have -LRB- RE3
 With a wide cast of playable characters , and taking place concurrent with events through several of the ` main ' chapters of the Resident Evil series , ` Resident Evil
 This is the only Resident Evil game I own . It has 5 or 6 levels to choose from . The best part of this game was you can unlock short movies and other outfits for players . You can also unlock red , green , blue , gold , or black stick figuers to use . This game had good controllers , nice graphics , but the story is like a movie , probably better than the Resident evil movie .
 You will become like the undead if you continue playing this game . Consumes so much time . You can play for an hour , find a typewriter which allows you to temporarily save but if you continue the game from the temporary save & die , the game does not save your progress . After playing the first scenario over & over about 6 times I finally completed it . Very frustrating . I do not recommend this game . Come on computer programmers out there , we gamers have a life - family & JOBS . I like playing to release tension not to create it . More saves - pleeeeese .
 This new game from Capcom has met all my expectations . The first online Resident Evil game is extremely well done . The Resident Evil Outbreak graphics on are top notch and the cinemas in it are done well too . On your team you get four people , and they add to the supense of the game making little comments the whole way . The game does not play from start to finish , but merely it plays per scenario , which is an excelent way to make your way through . Not having to worry about ink ribbons is always a good thing . One on the greatest aspects is that you may choose from eight different characters , each with their own specific abilities , to help you get through the perilous missions . So what makes this Resident Evil stand out from the rest ? Well it would have to be that in the single player mode you play for points , in order to buy movies , costumes , pictures , and sounds , which make the replay value on this huge . Also , each character has their own story when going into each mission , so there are lots of possibilities for playing this game . The other thing that makes this RE unique , would have to be the fact that you can turn into the zombies if you are infected for too long , so you may end up turning on your teammates in the end , for some nice juicy brain . All in all this game is amzing , graphics , errie sounds , team help , characters , you name it this game has got it . It is deffinetly a good buy for vetrans of the Resident Evil series , or new comers who want to join the online gaming community . I recomend this game to everyone .
 this product came in on time if not earlier . item was descibed exactly as it was in the description . thanks .
 This game is kinda not the best job of capcom . I mean 5 scenarios is n't really something to go happy around the house . After you beat the game theres nothing much else to do then to try to unlock more bonus material like costumes which i admit are kool depending on which ones . It gets real boring knowing that you wont have any more surprises jumpin out at you anymore unless you pick the different modes for exampls :1 . Easy2.normal3.hard -LRB- If you unlock it -RRB- 4 . very hard -LRB- if you unlock it -RRB- This game will definetly be stored behind a couple of boxes inside the closet in about a month or two . Except for how many levels are able to be playable this game is kool . The guns are awsome i mean you can go from a folding knife to a RPG and if you have trouble beating some levels , theres always online to watch others do the dirty work for you . So , unless you like playing long scenarios over and over again buy this game.P.S . this will take a whole lot outta your day .
 People are reviewing this game like it was meant to be played one player . . this game was meant to be played online . Not all people have broadband ? Then if you do n't , then do n't buy it not all games are for everyone . It 's better that making another resident evil with the same old thing . Something new is nice . I was reading about the game before it came out only planning on playing it for the online aspect . Who does n't want to play with a friend or two in a cooperative Resident Evil ? I loved the idea . I have actually played it online like it was meant to be . I ca n't believe people are saying not to buy this because it sucks . Play it for what it was meant for then review it . My only complaints would be the controls are n't any different than the previous titles and the load times without the HDD are pretty long . Bring on more coop RE titles ! How about just more coop games in general ! : D
 I have just got RE : Outbreak about two weeks ago , and I have spent a lot of time with it . This game is totally awsome . Though I have not played it offline but once -LRB- which I did not think much of -RRB- . The online play is the most awsome experience that a RE freak like myself could ever want . Though the game would be a litlle better if it included a headset -LRB- voice chat -RRB- option , because the game requires a very strategy base and there is no why to talk to players except in the chat rooms before play . Though while playing the game you can mash the square button and the character will say a random phrase for the situation that you are curently in -LRB- most of the things that they say are laugh out loud funny -RRB- . But dont take my word for it . If you are the slightest bit of an RE fan and have online play . Get your butt up and go buy this you will not be dissapointed , trust me .
 the concept of the game is cool but the execution of it is just wrong . the online play sounds great but you need brondband which some of us poor saps dont have . but they could have coutered that with really good offline play but ... they dont . you just get certain scenarios which are totally different from each other . if they connected all of it it would be a much better game . eventually you only play the game just to shoot and kill -LRB- or rekill -RRB- the dead zombies . the infinite mode is cool to but again based just on killing zombies .
 I 've got this game a week after it first came out , and it is now one of my favorite Resident Evils . Not only is it very replayable but it 's also ridiculiously fun!To start you get to choose from 7 different characters , each with their own unique abilities . An example is Kevin , who starts off with an excellent handgun at the begin , then there 's Alyssa who can unlock doors that normally ca n't be opened.At first you get to choose from one stage , but as you progress farther , you get to choose from 4 other stages.This game also offers online multiplayer action , allowing three others to play along . What makes this game unique from other is the fact that your survival depends on the help of others !
 This is akward i like the game but the ending just creeps me out i mean well yeah . but still its a good game .
 Resident Evil Outbreak is the best Resident Evil yet i cant stop playing it i got the game the day it came out and havent stoped playin it yet if you dont buy it then there is something wrong with you i own all the resident evil games and this one is by far the best you all need to buy the best resident evil game ever `` Resident Evil Outbreak '' buy it or else .
 This game is awesome . Very fun and addictive gameplay . A must-have for all resident evil fans !
 This game is defiently worthy of 5 stars . The game has a great story line which incorporates Resident Evil 1-3 . The gameplay is awesome because of the 8 players you can choose from , -LRB- each with their own ability -RRB- . It is also fun to play online , there asre 2 online options quick start or choose ur own team and level . I reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of the original resident evil games -LRB- 1-3 , code veronica , ect . -RRB-
 I only have one thing to say !!!!!!!!! What the hell do you do in the 2nd level ? I can get pretty far . I do n't know how to beat it . What do u do ? Can somebody give me walkthrough ? Thanks !! Reply !!!!!!
 This game is awsome . The graphics are not amazing , but real gamers dont care how good graphics are . Unfortunatly , the game loses some fun in single play , but it is still a lot of fun to play . The online play mode is what makes this game so great . If you are a fan of Resident Evil , you MUST buy this game . If you are not a fan of Resident Evil , you will love this game anyway . A must buy .
 I LOVE THIS GAME IT IS AWSOME . YOU GET TO CHOOSE FROM 8 DIFFERENT CHARACTERS AND THE LEVELS ARE SO COOL . IN THIS GAME THERE ARE ACTUALLY GIRL ZOMBIES . THE EFFECTS ARE GREAT .
 I 'm a huge fan of RE . I have just about all of them . I like this game , its good , and yes it has its flaw -LRB- s -RRB- , all games have them ... I like the game as a whole but I hate the loading screens ! And I was kinda happy to hear thet they got rid of the door animations until I saw what they replaced it with !
 For those that love flesh tearing gore and the sounds of bullet shells hitting the ground , this game is a work of art . Using the Resident Evil franchise Capcom has been able to unite zombie lovers everywhere . For those that enjoy RE this game is not so much the same as what one may be used to . The real life thought that not everyone in a video game should be able to do everything , but instead should be like real humans and have certain skills is an incredible idea finally put into action . This game 's online play is great . Now I 'm not saying that life long friendships are being formed , but when I get a message once in a while that says there are so many people playing this game at the time that i may have to wait a little bit i feel a little warm and fuzzy inside because I now truly know that there are survival horror , zombie loving , terror seeking gamers out there.One flaw that may bother some is the long loading time but that is only if one is impatient . Those that dislike the game are intelligence lacking walking dead waiting to have themselves plastered on a wall by my shotgun that is truth , and the truth is those that dislike the game are afraid or unable to play well with others , and think it is up to the creators of a game to make a game worth while . The truth is this game is what you make of it . This game is like my review , having very few , small , almost unnoticeable flaws . Your Welcome .
 Although I 'm not very far in this game , I can not stop playing ! Time has no meaning when you have a great game like Resident Evil
 This game is so fun ! It 's a break-off of the main series -LRB- that is now on Gamecube . -RRB- But that does n't mean it 's still an awesome game !! It 's far from being boring at all . Especially while you are playing online with one of your friends . It 's a new take on the game . You can now do so much more than before . . like hiding in lockers , under beds . There are also so many more new weapons , like staple guns , poles and of course an all new menu ! Zombies can now break through doors , so you have to board up doors to keep them behind for longer while you try get ahead of them , capcom did great with this game . I highly recommend if you are a resident evil fan to buy this amazing game !
 Heard of the new Resident Evil for the PS2 and got all excited , then I played it . Graphics are good but not the greatest in the series . There is no storyline what so ever , no explination or backstory on any charater , but the killer of this game is the horrible loading times . It felt like i spent more time in loading screens than in actually game play . Do your self a favor and rent it first , like I thankfully did and will pass up buying this game , and wait for the , what i hope to be far better Resident Evil 4 .
 I love the Resident Evil game series . Where else will you find a world so close to George Romero 's classics?Anyway , the game is awesome . It is one of the best games to come out for Playstation -LRB- any system , i.e. Playstation , Playstation X , PSOne , PS2 -RRB- . The graphics are truely amazing ; definately the best and most dark -LRB- mood , tone , etc. . . -RRB- in game-play graphics I 've seen so far . I was told that the graphics are comparible to that of the GCN 's Resident Evil line , and I believe it to be true . The gameplay has some new freatures , I wo n't go into it , one , for a more complete gaming experince for you -LRB- should you decide yourself worthy of and wanting to play -RRB- , and two , I do n't know all of the new features either . But , one of the newest features that I 've seen and believe to be the best is that even if you do n't have a weapon , that 's okay ! You can just kick , or tackle your opponent to `` death '' ! The physical attacks are n't that strong , but they can help you when you just used up all the availible ammunition you had and your health is pretty low . Another new feature is that the entire game is in real time . This means that even though your cruzing the menus , a zombie can come up and bitecha -LRB- in which case the menus disappear -RRB- , thus the menus are translusent -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- . The cutscenes , backrounds , characters , enemies are all very detailed . It 's definately come a long way since the old pixilated world that was Resident Evil -LRB- not to say that the game was bad -LRB- in exception of the audio and some of the character motions while talking -RRB- , in fact , I still play it -RRB- . One of the coolest things is the two minute intro that makes it feel like a movie ! -LRB- the way the movie should have been done . WHY DID YOU TURN MR. ROMERO DOWN !!! -RRB- I would like now for us to join hands in celebration of this supurb addition to the astounding Resident Evil line . I will also pay homage to Mr. George A. Romero , the king of Zombies .
 I remember this game so much from when it first came out ... My stepbrother got this game as a gift when he was about 15 , and he obsessed over it . He had all the RE games before this , and allowed me to play them on occasion . One day , he told me that if I can complete RE2 all the way through on Hard , he 'd give me Outbreak . In a month I completed RE2 , and recieved Outbreak . I was * honestly * only 11-12 years old when I began playing these types of games and it had no damaging effects on me . I mean , look at me now ! Anyways , I got up until the scenario `` Hellfire '' when a tragedy occured
 theres zombies everywhere u go and the graphics are amazing , teh best part is when u have to grab a lighter from a cop and throw it on this gasoline and al teh zombies blow up then after that u meet up w / more ppl and almost do the same thing but its much better im not going 2 ruin it !!!
 Anyone who 's read enough of my Resident Evil reviews knows how muck I love the games and movie -LRB- s -RRB- . But Outbreak was a little different for me . It did have a nice RE feel to it , but it 's not the same.PROs-It 's got the killer zombiesStill kinda creepy ... creepy enough to run out of a dark hall rather than walk wondering if there 's something behind me or notThe zombies actually break down the doors , but it sucks for you if your health is in dangerCONs-You 're in a team , and they get in your way.They do n't nessecarilly do the killingYou can barely find any herbsThe diolague is too much hassle to read!You ca n't go anywhere until you kill ALL of the zombiesYou run outta ammo quickAnyway , I still love it , but I 'd rather play RE 1-3 instead
 This is an excellent third person shooter . It 's graphics leave you wondering `` are you sure they made this on a computer '' . This is by far the best video game ever made . This game shows that you can always trust Capcom to make excellent games . You 're video game collection is not complete without this game .
 As a Resident Evil fan I felt I was supposed to buy this game to see how it was . I thought it was great and even though the loading times are kind of slow and the partners that help you out are complete idiots I think you should buy this game.Even though the game has flaws it has great graphics , the gameplay is more realistic -LRB- you get to make homemade weapons , you can kick or push the enemies , and the status screen is in realtime -RRB- , and I think it is the Resident Evil game that has the best replay value because you can choose 1 of 8 characters with all different special abilities and there is a lot of secret extras you can get in any one of the 5 senarios . I have n't played the online mode which is way funner than 1 player mode -LRB- well , at least that is what I heard -RRB- an 1 player mode is really fun . I think that you should rent this game first before buying it just in case . I give this game a 4.25 rating but since you can only choose 1,2,3,4 , and 5 star ratings my star says 4 . Well , who cares the point is that I really like this game and you should get it .
 The game resident evil outbreak has farly surpassed all the other games in its series . However it does have some thing wrong here i will list all the benefits and all the wrongs!Pros * Alot of zombiee action and shooting * Keeping others supplied and alive is pretty realistic -LRB- Even though i do not enjoy it -RRB- * New zombie moans and groans keeping the zombies cooler * Arsenal of weapons * New music for better gameplayCons * Keeping others alive i think is very difficult and annoying but like i said realistic * Ammo is harder to find realistic but frustrating * You die quiker * your partners die quicker than you * less puzzles * And last but not least harder controls than the other games in the series !! Overall capcom really did the best out of the series than other game series !!! Great game capcom
 This is the BEST RE game ever ! You can play on-line , and offline with 2 other BOTS ! and the bots r smart . the has amazing graphics and the talking is better -LRB- when people in the game talk -RRB- its good if you want a challenge . but its a little glitchy , you can walk through these chair barrels in 1st level , long guns -LRB- shotgun -RRB- go walls though doors when u exit doors , people can wqalk through you open doors when you are going through -LRB- u open , then u hear the same sound while u walk through it , when you walk up a ladder , people can walk through.It takes a long time to load and play , but I think it WORTH it . 1st RENT it because it got MIXED REVIEWS , but if U o like it , then BUY it .
 Resident evil is one of my favorite series . the old games are great , but after a while you want a change . This is what you 've been waiting for . Resident Evil online ! Resident evil Outbreak is a great game with tons of replay value , if you play it online you have a chance to play with your friends or make new friends . most of the people are friendly and will help you out to make the game more enjoyable for you . Capcom made a great decision on bringing the series online . the whole idea of you killing zombies -LRB- or turning into one -RRB- with others without having to share a screen is awesome . I hope for many new blockbuster hits from capcom but this is one that leaves the biggest impression on me . This game being so great forces me to give it a 5 out of 5
 well i bought outbreak a couple months ago and ive beaten the game already ... all i can say is that your gunna need a network adaptor 2 play this game ... its way more fun to cooperate with other teammates in online play than 2 play offline ... i have found teammates that help me through the game and u can also divise strategies before the game 2 help you beat the scenario ... there are a lot of cool characters which can be unlocked by beating certain scenarios w / certain characters on different difficulties ... once you start beating the game you will become more advanced and youre points that you earn while beating a scenario will get higher ... soon enough you will know the game inside and out and still want to play the game over and over ... the only fault of this game is the number of scenarios ... after you beat this game you always want more ... probably because of another online game that capcom may make called outbreak
 This is the best game out of the resident evil serise . Althought i have not beat it yet , i can tell it is going to become a best seller.The new scenerio-type playing is better that the original way . The special abilities the eight characters have area the best part about playing . If you 're looking for a good game to try 'n beat then this is the game . There truley are monsters hidden around every bend and behind every door .
 I am not a diehard RE fan , but i think this is a pretty good game . The graphics and background are excellent and nobody candeny that . The A.I. is pretty basic , but they can do some good and they can do some bad . The levels are fun you start out in `` j 's '' bar , an underground laboratory , Racoon City Hospital , a burning hotel , and Racoon City University . The levels are not that short as most reviews say . The longest level is Decisions , Decisions . The guns are pretty good but it would have made it a lot more fun if you can shoot off and arm or head . They also added some realism to hte game like when u play online there is no voice command which i think is a lot more scarier . Think about it if you are seperated from the others one is on the other side of the level how would you be able to start talking to each other , that makes no sense . Another good thing about the realism is when u want to reload or get an item the zombies can still go after you and people were complaining about that but that makes the game more challenging . One of the worst thing about this game was the loading time -LRB- impacient people -RRB- . WEll if you are that impacient buy the HDD it will make the loading times more faster . I also like the fact that they are civilians fighting for their lives instead of pro zombie killers . There are 8 characters with average jobs like a police officer , plumber , waitress , etc. . The controlls are not that bad but when u play it you will get used to them . The thing that makes this game more challenging is that you have to slove puzzles , find passwords , and find keycards . All in all i recommend this game to patient and rich people and i think it is a great game .
 In a word this game is awesome . anyone who doesnt buy this game is not a smart game player . This is harder than all other resident evils and is ultimatly more rewarding . It takes time to master , but once you do this game is freaking awesome .
 I have only recently bought this game , but I could n't be happier with the gameplay . This is a great addition to the Resident Evil series . The story is a bit quite too linear for my liking though . I 'd rather it be one great big story , but I 'm still happy with the way it turned out . It 's a very addictive game ! Rent or buy ? I 'd buy it if you are a Resident Evil fan . If you are kind of unfamiliar with the series , still buy ! Just kidding ! Rent it first .
 I have been a a big fan of the RE franchise for a long time , and reserved this game when I heard it was coming out . A still think it was worth the money , but it is n't perfect.PROSGraphics are clean and detailed.Many chrs to choose from makes replay value high.Feels more like a real survival game with limited ammo , handmade weapons , and unique chr skills that help you on your quest.Fairly decent voice acting.CONSCamera still not adjustable!VERY challenging and can get confusing at times . You may want to get the guide to help you out.Load times between rooms are way to long , though annoying , it still does n't distract too much from gameplay.Trying to control AI chrs in single play can get pretty annoying.I have n't played it online , so I wo n't comment on that.Needless to say , this game has its ups and downs . It 's solid enough in offline mode or online mode to keep you interested , and it is definatly much more challenging than most other RE games I 've played . It may not appeal to everyone , so many might want to rent first before they try it out .
 This game is by far the best resident evil game in the serious so far . The gragphics are sick . The six charaecters all come with diffrent abilitys.The only proplem i have with it is i dont have online
 This game rules all of the RE games so far !
 Although `` Resident Evil
 Resident Evil Outbreak is the first and only RE game I 've played , and that bugs me cause I ca n't compare two of the games together . But , oh well.You play as one of eight survivors -LRB- I always played as the attractive waitress -RRB- who must fight off hordes of zombies too escape from Raccoon City , which has been devastated by the T-Virus . It 's pretty realistic , and the puzzles are generally hard , but at the same time , everything is hidden in places that they might be hidden in , like under a newspaper or in a cupboard.The characters I find are good . Each one has their own speciality . One has lock-picks , one starts off with a gun , and another one can carry more items in her knapsack etc , so you have to choose wisely which one to use.Gameplay was pretty good . I 've heard complaints about icky controls , and that newcomers to the series wo n't like them , but I found them fine . Even the camera , which is fixed in one place , was fine , and I as n't expecting that . The biggest problem is , I 've ogtten used to in third person games , having a target lock dooby , which puts a ring or something around the bad guy you 're trying to kill , but I got over that pretty quick.And now , the most important thing I want to say to about this game , is the cut scene graphics.Wow.The opening credits , is so intense . It looks , dare I say it , beautiful , even though its premise is - guys get killed by monster , rats eat guy - The music to it is unbelievable . Best cut-scene graphics I 've seen , ever . Period.At other cutscenes , like one where zombies get burned up by fuel . The fire and petrol looks real ! REAL ! REEEEAAAAAALLLLLL!Definitely up there on my list for good games .
 This is the best game out of the resident evil serise . Althought i have not beat it yet , i can tell it is going to become a best seller.The new scenerio-type playing is better that the original way . The special abilities the eight characters have area the best part about playing . If you 're looking for a good game to try 'n beat then this is the game . There truley are monsters hidden around every bend and behind every door . AJflameboy2009
 i would just like to say that this game -LRB- like all the other re games in the series -RRB- have come again to scare the living crap out of me . storyline , plot , setting , weapons , gameplay , ONLINE PLAY *** , and impressive graphics have not only made this game my top favorite in my game list , it also revolutionized the horror/adventure games of the new millenium . capcom ... keep up the good job !
 This game is loads of fun for any third-person shooter fan . I have personally has so much enjoyment out of this game that I find myself playing it over and over again . The game is a bit short I think they could 've put in a few more levels but , trust me when I tell you that you wo n't get tired of it . In any language ; this game RULES !!!
 this is a great game . i am a resident evil game lover anyway , but outbreak has a lot more stradegy in it . all these people complaining about the game being online , too . just does n't make any sense.keep up the great work and keep the resident evil games flowing on.my son really loves it too . he is darn good at all the resident evil , but it keeps him occupied and that is good for me . just keep up the good work !!!!!!!!!!!
 The idea for an online Resident Evil game is fantastic , but the final product is not exactly what it should have been . The game should have been larger , With voice chat and more story . It is a very enjoyable experience though With 8 playable characters all with there own special abilities story and traits , a huge shop full of movies , sounds and costumes to unlock . This is a great game with plenty of reasons to play it again and again , I just wish they would have put more story and more scenarios in it .
 Awsome game loading time is anoying , all you need to do is get the hdd module for the ps2 and the loading time is cut down alot.Im not 2 sure of the price on one , you can buy a ps2 with one in it for like $ 160 , comes with final fantasy 11 online ** cough '' '' rip off '' `` cough '' ... any how resident evil outbreak is cool . Lots of character just incase you dont like one for some reason . Its a long game , bosses are cool , cut sceens are cool ... just buy it from amazon , retain cost right now is about $ 60-70-80 OUCH !
 the newist addition to the resident evil saga is the best of all . with online coop play that is endless fun .
 Man , this game is spooky . Featuring a revolutionary feature where you can play through story mode with 3 other humans online , this is by far the BEST resident evil game yet . as always , umbrella is putting racoon city under a quarantine and you got ta get the heck out ! shoot your way through darkness , zombies , monsters , and all kinds of nasty creatures that 'll make any gamer 's stomach turn . and , for the first time , watch your character turn into a zombie when you die ! i highly reccomend this smash hit . great job , capcom !!
 I 've always been a huge fan of Resident Evil . This is definitely a must have in the series , it 's not a money maker or a quick fill in . Outbreak tells the story of the civilians of Raccoon City trying to escape the unexplainable nightmare . This game brings new light to the Resident Evil franchise . Online play makes the game so much more real . People do what they want to do and respond how they want to respond . The environments are breath taking and the game play is unmatched . It 's the only Resident Evil I 've played that has a good reply value , with 8 playable characters plus 31 characters to unlock . It 's not just online either there 's a scenario mode which you can also unlock new characters , levels , movies , photos , music , and a couple other things ... he he ! All I have to say is play it for yourself , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I recently bought this game and at first I was a little wiery of it then the more i played it the better i seemed to enjoy it ... The multiple different characters you can choose from makes one of the best things in my opion , i can beat each senario with every person so this gives a different edge to the game play . Although i have not yet played the network version it looks to be very good also . So in conclusion i think everybody who likes the Survival horror genre to go out and buy this .
 Outbreak is a nice change of pace from the usual story-driven RE 's . It took me a while to get used to the new gameplay elements ... The enemies in this game can actually come through doors , so there is no such thing as a real safe location . You even have to watch out for enemies while reading files or trying to solve puzzles . The bosses are incredibly fun to fight , and each one has about 2 different way of beating it . There are TONS of unlockables ! Each time you perform certain tasks in one of the five scenarios you will gain an extra unlockable and you will have to gain a certain number of points to unlock the secret . There are art galleries , movie galleries , sound galleries , secret characters/costumes -LRB- about 30 altogether -RRB- , etc.The game is broken up into 5 scenarios , and there are no saves until you complete a scenario . Each scenario takes place in a different part of Raccoon City , there are many places that you will visit from Resident Evil 2 & 3 , and the storyline slightly connects to the main series . In offline mode , you play with 2 other computer-controled characters . The AI can be incredibly stupid at times however . -LRB- ie . running into a zombie , walking around in `` danger '' while they have a first aid spray , wasting ammo , -RRB- The only other bad thing I saw in the game is that you can not drop an item . You only have 4 item spaces for each character -LRB- except Yoko -RRB- . You can switch an item for another , but the ability to drop an item should have been a no brainer for this game . All in all , it is a great game whether you 're playing offline or online.-Billy
 This is a great online game . . yes , yes it does come with single player , but that lacks in quality - poor AI . However the online or network play is one of the best . Many say the lack of communication hinders the proformance of the game ... but that is not true , the people that post that are the ones who do not want challenges or a little scare . Overall the online mode is great ... almost impossible to become bored of !
 RE : Outbreak is one of Capcom 's best yet . The online play is great especially cooperating with others . The AI is pretty good -LRB- with the zombies sensing your presence -RRB- . The variety of weapons adds to the gameplay . The list of characters are well balanced . I 'd say buy it rather than rent it . If you 're hardcore RE , buy it.-Oddjob007
 I am a big fan of the Resident Evil series - and this is by far the best of the lot . Since I tend not to play well with others - and most of my friends do not understand me entering the console gaming world so late in life - I am reviewing the single player/off-line mode only . The scenes and character renditions are the best I have seen in the series ... and some of the cut scenes are spectacular
 Let me tell all the gruntlers here
 If you 're a fan of RESIDENT EVIL , you got ta give the Outbreak series a try . It 's got 8 different playable characters , all ordinary , everyday citizens of Raccoon City , and 5 different scenarios to explore . It 's fun to just explore the different possibilities and to master the different characters . There 's also 4 different difficulty levels for those looking for a challenge . It can be quite challenging figuring out what to do in each scenario , but if you read the files then you should be able to figure it out . This is most likely my favorite Resident Evil game , because you 're not completely screwed if you run out of ammo . If you find yourself stuck in a room with a zombie and no ammo , you can either tackle or dodge your way out , which definitely helps you get out of sticky situations , and it is of great help when saving your ammo for the last boss.Also , this game has one of the most beautiful and memorable intros of any RE game to date .
 I 'm a Die-hard Resident evil Fan , and love pretty much any Resident evil -LRB- except the first Survivor and that game with that bruce guy -RRB- . At first , I thought I maybe would n't like outbreak since I always stick with the original casts , however I grew to love the Characters , and love the team work -LRB- even though the Ai can be extremely Stupid -RRB- . The Costums are awsome , epsecially the Mr Color 's .
 The day I purchased Resident Evil Outbreak , I thought I knew what I was in for . I had previously bought and played Outbreak File 2 , and not only did i suck at it , I thought the scenarios were too long . After hearing many people say that the first game surpassed the sequel in every way , I decided to give it a chance.I was in for a wild ride when I put that disc into my PS2.Graphics : The graphics in REO are great . They are really detailed , and stuff such as fire and water look really realistic . Zombies are as detailed as ... well , as detailed as zombies should be . I noticed a few clipping issues , and some minor graphical blemishes , but not much else . For the most part , these graphics are beautiful , in a Resident Evil sort of way . * 9/10 * Sound : Sound in this game is a mixed bag , indeed . The little music that there is tends to enhance the overall atmosphere of the game . The sound effectssuch as zombie moans and gun shots , are realistic and great . My gripe with the sound , however , stems from the character 's speech during play . When you hit the ad-lib button -LRB- or one of your AIPCs decides to use it -RRB- they will say something . However , this `` something '' and what shows up on the screen as a subtitle rarely match at all . Some voices , such as Jim 's , are very annoying . Also , the things the characters say sometimes sound out of place , and just plain inappropriate . It seems as though CAPCOM added more swears into this game in order to make it `` worse '' . This is the first game I have ever seen the F-word used in . * 7/10 * Gameplay : This game is set up in a very strange way , but somehow , it works out very well in the end . When you begin the game , you will have to pick a scenario -LRB- there is only one available at the start -RRB- , a character , and a difficulty level . As you play and beat each scenario , you will unlock th subsequent scenarios , until all five are unlocked . Besides all featuring the same characters , each scenario has almost nothing in common with the next , so do n't expect mush of an epic story . When you finish a level , you are ranked according to criteria , such as your time , events completed , people surviving in the end , and so on . Depending on your rank , you will be given a certain amount of points , which are used to unlock rewards , such as BGMs , new costumes , movies , and other secrets . This game is also online compatible , but since I can not play online -LRB- damn dial-up -RRB- I ca n't really say how that works out . * 10/10 * Control : Not much to say here . Mostly normal RE controls , with the added ability to use regular control -LRB- using the left analog stick -RRB- . Works out great in my opinion . * 10/10 * Replay Value : With over 200 items to unlock , 5 scenarios to complete with 8 characters on 6 difficulties , you have over 240 ways to play this game . With online play , this game could go on forever , but even offline , there 's at least 200 + hours of quality gaming on this little disc . * 11/10 * Graphics
 When it first came out it was difficult to play since I wanted to finish the game on offline one player mode . But when playing online -LRB- BEFORE IN THE PS2 -RRB- it was easier . The stories were great and I loved the fact that it involved with the potential survivors of Raccoon City citizens . I wish they were able to continue on this series to the ps3 . It was always fun making the characters talk since the use of microphones were unavailable . I would play this game in the daily right next to Socom II.If I were to choose `` R.E. Outbreak '' over `` R.E. Operation Raccoon City '' . `` R.E. Outbreak '' in my opinion is beyond better . Why ? because they kept the classic style of playing the game with fixed camera angles in every level .
 The game is a blast , but the people I bought it from were stupid poop heads ! They said it would be a new game , so I paid extra for it , but it came as used ...
 Game was delivered promptly and was in great condition at a resonable price . Thank you .
 This resident evil is pretty good , but at first you just have to get used to the controls . Otherwise its buy !
 I love Resident Evil so much . The series is probably my second favorite with the Legend of Zelda series first . I just adore the series , but this game feels thrown together . I do n't care for the way the gameplay runs . The plots are odd and do n't fit together . The concept was really good and I had a lot of fun playing scenario 1 the first few times . The problem was to get all the items I had to play it about a million times and then it was boring . The other scenarios just are n't very good . The puzzles are odd and do n't always make sense . And the characters are n't that memorable even if they have hilarious phrases occasionally . It 's definitely worth playing all the way through once , but after that , you might want to sell it off or put it in a drawer for a year and come back later . It 's just not that fun when it feels like work to try and play a game to get everything or simply more than half the items .
 i waited and waited for this game . When i got it i felts so excited and could barely wait to get home to play it . It was so great but a little repeditive . It is still good -LRB- the best RE in my opinion -RRB- just not what i was expecting ... well maybe RE 4 will be better . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Resident Evil Outbreak really surprised me . I always knew it would be a really good game but I never thought it would be as addictive as a some of the best online console games . It has turned out to be one of my favorite online games and I will be playing it for awhile , probably until the sequel comes out.I suggest you at least try it and give it a chance if you 're not going to buy it .
 This game is the best of the whole series . It is tied , at least I think , as the best game ever with Twisted Metal
 Resident Evil has always focused on the solitary experience , often times putting you , the lone survivor of a biohazard apocalyptic catastrophe , against an army of monsters and time-consuming , awkward puzzles . Outbreak opens up the playing field with an online component that makes you and three others to rely on each other to survive . It 's an interesting concept that for the most part works . In Outbreak , you play as one of eight unfortunate , specialty specific characters in Raccoon City at the time of the virus outbreak . To survive , you must pass through five different scenarios , but the pressure 's on-during each scenario , your character is exposed to contagion , and if you do n't finish in time , you 'll turn into one of the -LRB- briefly controllable -RRB- living dead . Resident vets will be likely recognize some of the locales and creatures , as the events take place between RE2 and 3 with Raccoon City slowly overrun by monsters . Each scenario has multiple objectives , hidden files , and diverse activities that are impossible to complete entirely in one play through-an excellent hook that creates high replay value . Points are given at the end of each stage that can then be used to purchase character renders , music tracks , more characters , and other rewards . The atmospheric visuals create an uneasy feeling of doom and destruction as smashed cars , trashed buildings , fire , and smoke that become more vivid with each completed scenario.Outbreak 's defining property is multiplayer cooperation . Up to four wannabe survivors can play simultaneously via online , and the game 's structure is such that you must work together in order to reach the finish line . With a limited inventory capacity -LRB- and no item boxes -RRB- , you can swap items with others , give a shoulder to lean on , hold doors shut , and even fight zombies hand-to-hand . Outbreak provides a plethora of ordinary items that can be used for defense , such as iron bars , rocks , lab acid , and brushes . Puzzles also stand in your way , many of which are lifted directly from the Resident trash bin-pushing crates , collecting items and inserting them elsewhere , and pressing switches-activities any series vet will instantly recognize . Yet a key aspect of teamwork , communication , is severely hampered by lack of voice chat as players are limited to a series of pre-determined phrases -LRB- `` I have a thought , '' for instance -RRB- and other vocal cues that , in most situations , could mean anything . All scenarios are available in offline mode-just be prepared for a robust challenge and barely adequate NPC A.I. Lengthy load times also hinder the flow of the action -LRB- a problem that will hopefully be resolved with the PS2 HDD that was unavailable at press time for this review -RRB- . Yet , despite its shortcomings , Outbreak 's hefty replay , intense action , and clever scenario designs make for an engaging play-on - and offline , and a must for any Resident fan . Here , success ultimately depends on how helpful everyone 's willing to be .
 this is a sweet game and i suggest if u r lookin at it to get it cause it has a great online experience and it is also a fun game if you do get this game i would strongly suggest joining the resident evil control squad its an official fansite and you earn points and can buy stuff with the points you earn.this could earn me points as an example .
 This is the newest installment of the Resident Evil Series ... . And it is the single greatest game I have played besides Nemesis . The choice of characters is enormous , and the gameplay is fantastic . I love the character 's new special abilities , such as Kevin 's kick and David 's multiple knife slash . The choice of weaponry is fantastic , and the scenarios are well thought out . The new gameplay is based upon team work and your survival relies upon your actions . This is a great game for any teenager that is interested in horror movies ... . This is the greatest thing I have ever played .
 I have played all the Re games cept the shooters they never cought my eye . Anyways this game takes all the other games to a whole new level of game play . First off there are not that much slots to put your stuff in . So you have to keep switching stuff to get puzzles done . It makes it alot harder . There is not that much ammo in this one commpared to the others so that also makes it harder . One thing thats great you have the other people to help you out , but they can get really annoying at times . Levels are hard and even on easy . I think this game is more for the hardcore Re fans out there that whant the survival to be well survival . Cause back in the days the Re series was never this hard . Well enjoy the game
 I got this game on 4/3/04 and beat all levels on 4/8/04 and this game is very hard and i played it online and it is cool people around the world help you go beat all the levels what is not cool is when i play the last level people have n't got that far in the game so i had to do everything by myself so it was very hard and i had to get the T-blood P-sealed and the V-posion all by myself and kill the tyrant with only two people and the other two died.If you want me on your team for online my name is philgoku
 RE outbreak is the best yet , the creators all ways out do them selfs and find ways to keep the story fresh and exciting . The online play is awsome , playing side by side with your best friends while flesh eating zombies chase you is the greatest idea for RE games yet . This game tops all of them and is so well made and put together it should be called Resident Evil Revolution , cause this is a new age of gameing .
 I really enjoy this game , the multiple scenarios , the replay value , and the challenges are what make this game so good . The control scheme has been slightly modified but it 's improved , each character has his/her own unique moves and abilities . Every survival horros fan should play this game .
 This is the coolest game ever created by Capcom . Anyone who enjoys Re should also join the RE Street team . This game recieves 2 thumbs up .
 Resident Evil outbreak is hard and its really challenging.The story is awsome i like the gore it almost looks real the creather are original with some old monsters as well the graphics are hood but not as good as resident Evil for Game cube . The levels get harder as you go along . The caracters almost look real . The playing online is the best way to play it 's the greatest game i ever played.It is confusing at the start but you get used to it .
 First of all , I am not a Resident Evil fanboy . In fact , this was the first game I played of the series . I think it was the best choice in many ways actually , since the levels were split into hour-long episodes and I can let other people help me online if I do n't want to gruel in single player , which I found very hard even when it was set on Easy.That being said , I think this new edition was great ! I originally came to want this because I could n't handle the stress and paranoia in games like Silent Hill . I figured it would be nice to have a game more oriented with a decent flow of action rather than chop-chop-chop run for the hills , keep running for ten minutes , look for scary things in the fog , now find an item . It was disappointing , and I was getting just too paranoid with games like SH.Aside from the tradition of Resident Evil , I LOVED this revolutionary game in the series because everything just worked ! Unlike SH , I was n't a tank in this game and I always knew I had either some fairly good AI on my side or some expert human players that have my back . The story , though I 'm told does n't have as much of the mystery and suspense as the other games , carries out wonderfully . The only issue I have that I have n't really seen in any other game is the fact that cutscenes and even mini-cutscenes -LRB- the ones that heighten model detail a little as opposed to alot -RRB- need a loading screen before they are shown , which can hinder online play a little since most players will skip them . If you 've played a game on a next-gen console like PS2 , you know that most cutscenes are integrated with gameplay so there is a smooth transition . Oh well , I got used to it , so can you.One other thing I 'm not satisfied with , however , is the fact that the servers wo n't let you play online if you 're profile doesnt show you as 17 or older , which I find totally pointless . If you 're playing the game in Single player , they should n't hold the right to restrict you from playing on the Network . Forgive my critique on today 's discipline methods , but that 's what parenting is about people . Leave it to the parents , Capcom!Now if you want to get to the root of Outbreak , I 'd give you this advice
 As it stands Outbreak is the pinnacle of the Survival Horror genre , but does not come so neatly packed ... however it certainly is a very original and a new type of gaming experience . Minus the cons this is still a five star game and a must for SH fans , but those who do not always like this sort of game may find Outbreak a little , how do we say , complex and tedious . The problem with this game is whether you will like its style or not . If you are a SH fan then obviously just get it . If you are not such a SH fan then rental is probably advisory , but be prepared to spend a day or two adjusting to it.Outbreak sports what could possibly be conceived as endless playability but some things must be sacrificed and changed from the older titles . There is no complete story ... -LRB- except possibly continue scenarios in Outbreak 2 which looks likely -RRB- ... just 5 rather large scenarios . Each scenario has roughly two to three save points in vast levels . The gaming experience can last up to thirty minutes between save points . Each game is run in real-time . This means that the pause screen is no longer the items menu screen , but a different button . When you access the item menu screen the game does not pause -LRB- this has to do with the online multiplayer mode -RRB- and thus things can still attack you . This is actually very good and just makes the game more dramatic and frantic ... which it is most of the time . There are 20 + characters to choose from when you fully complete the game . Each character has a special ability for the gaming experience which can range anywhere from picking locks to having a very big weapon at the start . In single player mode the character AI is like nothing you have played with before . The right analogue stick is used for commands ... like when you have been attacked by a zombie and are down to your last bit of health you can scream for help and if someone is nearby , and in good mood , they will help you . Sometimes they will not . Other times they will tell you that they do not want to help you ever . If you survive and save them , then you could find them doing very helpful things for you . You can also swap items between players , however this is mainly because you have a very limited inventory -LRB- usually only 4 - 5 items -RRB- and need cooperation from another team member to help you out . You can also pick up the wounded and drag them around while trying to escape . In real-time this makes Outbreak an absolutely thrilling experience . There is no question , once Outbreak starts to rock it REALLY ROCKS LIKE NOTHING YOU HAVE SEEN BEFORE ! Imagine standing on a ledge , a zombie smashing through the window trying to catch a wounded guy while you fill some dead nurses head full of hot lead , who happened to be your best buddy only two moments ago before you let her get bit by a rabid dog , while at the same time the doctor who you need to survive is screaming in the corner for help because he has just been attacked by some beast that has just been vaporized in the temperature control room . You do n't think twice about it . Floor stomp the nurse when she is down , pick up the doctor and drag him onto the next level to try and find some meds so that he can help you to get better ... while at the same time the clock is ticking because everyone is infected and you can not let the virus meter reach 100 % ! It has all the puzzles , all the monsters , all the mazes of the original game for the diehards.Load times are Major Pain # 1 . Some levels take 20 seconds to start up . Movement between rooms is the worst with a delay just under 7 seconds . If you want to play a fluid moving Outbreak experience then you need to buy a PS2 Hard Drive which reduces the load times considerably ... but investing in extra PS2 gear may not be the way to go because of Major Pain # 2 ... . is that Capcom have really messed up the game 's multiplayer system . If you are getting this game for that then be prepared for the ups and downs . This was the game to really pioneer the broadband capability of the PS2 . Instead it just does n't work , is buggy or when it does work you are playing with people who are useless . To have a good on-line game is like winning the lotto . In Europe Capcom delayed the game for half a year because they could not get ISPs to work with them . So everyone in Europe waited for nothing . Capcom says that they may get a European Multiplayer going soon but I would not chance waiting another half a year for it . Multiplayer is flawed at best.Aside from the problems that game design is amazing . The character movement can be stiff at times and avoiding some zombies nearly impossible , but the damage dynamics of the objects and weapons on yourselves seems almost endless especially when more than two characters start crawling about on the floor while a third limping one is trying to help you up . It is all very realistic with a very organic feel to the whole environments . Although this is not half as scary as Silent Hill 3 , the levels look better and the cut scenes are up there in the million dollar cost region no problem.The bottom line is that this is one of the best PS2 games ever ... depending on how you like this Genre . However it is probably a disaster on the Multiplayer front so only get it for the Single Player mode only . Get the HD for faster load speeds .
 You all know that all the Resident Evil game are hard and annoying . So do n't be surprised when you pick this up . The game is very hard but more fun then the other titles . I like the idea that they set the game into segments . It makes it a little easisier . It 's also cool that you can play with several different characters with different stuff there good at . The graphics are good and the gameplay is a little sluggish though -LRB- Not a surpise -RRB- But you have to go back and play the levels more then once with all the players to successfully beat the mission . Because only one of them specializes in locks and say your somebody else you ca n't open the lock untill next time you play with that other guy . There 's quite a bit of stuff you need to do in each level so it will take some time . As for the online mode it 's ok . If you end up with a bunch of people not knowing what there doing it sucks but once in a while you get a good team and it 's pretty fun . If your a Resident Evil fan but if you do n't like the RE series or and horror games then this game wo n't change your mind .
 Hi , this is albertweskeroutbreak from the Resident Evil Control Squad and this is my review for the game . I purchased this game as soon as it hit the shelves , and i 'm still playing every single day . Being the Resident Evil fan that I am , I have to say that this is a GREAT game for online play . Offline is also very fun because there are so many secrets to unlock and it takes a long time to unlock everything which is a good thing . It took me 4 weeks to unlock everything on offline mode , and that 4 weeks I played EVERY day . Online play is even better , you get to work with other people , or you can betray them . Capcom added Friendly Fire recently and it has gotten even better . This game is really great and if your a Resident Evil fan I highly reccomend you buy this , if youve never played this game , GET IT NOW . Its great it has 5 action packed scenarios that are long and it has LOTS of replay value , whether you can play online or not this game will keep you at the edge of your seat . BUY IT !
 out of all the RE games i 've played , id have to say RE : Outbreak is the best , beacuse of it 's sleek internet play , and the fact that when you die , your a zombie ... nuff ' said-X -LSB- D_MARS
 outbreak is a polished game with only a few problems the in game A.I is awful so only play this game online or not at all the lack of not being able to really communicate online stinks . but the 10 phases work very well the loading time are bad between rooms so if you have the money get a harddrive but over all the game is great game over all 2/5 offline 5/5 online
 This is my first Resident Evil game . It was pretty good , but a little underwhelming and as you play the game it gets a little boring and expected . Zombies get boring after awhile , at first it freaked me out . `` Ahhh ! Zombies are after me ! '' But , they are everywhere and it 's the same thing , so they got pretty boring . Still , I like the puzzle solving but I hate it when there are items lying around that you do n't know if you 'll need or not . For example , there is a lighter laying around . I do n't pick it up because I have a key , a herb , a gun and ammo in my inventory already . Later a policeman dies and drops a lighter and a shotgun and tells you to let out the gas on a fuel truck and burn the zombies . Wow , it 's a good thing I did n't pick up that lighter and waste space , I thought.The graphics where awesome and phenomenal and realistic . The game was also realistic . You can get chewed on by zombies while you are reloading your gun , and shoot them in the head to get off you . When you bring up the inventory screen , you can still get hurt .
 I 've always been a huge fan of Resident Evil . This is definitely a must have in the series , it 's not a money maker or a quick fill in . Outbreak tells the story of the civilians of Raccoon City trying to escape the unexplainable nightmare . This game brings new light to the Resident Evil franchise . Online play makes the game so much more real . People do what they want to do and respond how they want to respond . The environments are breath taking and the game play is unmatched . It 's the only Resident Evil I 've played that has a good reply value , with 8 playable characters plus 31 characters to unlock . It 's not just online either there 's a scenario mode which you can also unlock new characters , levels , movies , photos , music , and a couple other things ... he he ! All I have to say is play it for yourself , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've been slowly getting a fan of the resident evil series . So I found this game a great to play but the only thing I would have liked in it is have a link in the boards . Other than that I love the a game and give a great score . The graphics in the game are very good . But now that I think about it the loading times could have been better . True with a hard drive it speeds this process up but not all of us want hard drive for PS2 . Each character has strength and weakness and you get to pick your own character .
 If you like plot twists , turns , and complete confusion ... get ready for the time of your life . Resident Evil Outbreak File 1 offers events spanning from Resident Evil all the way to Resident Evil 3
 THIS GAME IS ON TOP OF MY LIST , IT MEETS ALL MY EXPECTATIONS IN A GAME THAT I 'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR -LRB- SO FAR -RRB- IT 'S AMAZING THE WAY THEY CREATED THE GAME , THE GRAPHICS , THE STORY AND THE CHARACTERS ... BEST OF ALL ... IT 'S ENTERTAINING AND BREATHTAKING . IT 'S REALLY AMAZING , I WOULD GIVE CREDIT TO THE COMPANY THAT MADE THIS GAME POSSIBLE , A REALITY FOR EVERY SURVIVAL HORROR FANATIC LIKE ME -LRB- I OWN EVERY RESIDENT EVIL , SILENT HILL GAMES ... I LOVED THIS GAMES -RRB- . THIS RESIDENT EVIL GAME IS THE BEST EVER ... I WOULD SAY , THE BEST R.P.G. GAME -LRB- THUS FAR -RRB- . I AM VERY PICKY WITH GAMES AND I NEVER HAD SECOND THOUGHTS WITH GAMES LIKE THESE ... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ... I RATE IT MORE THAN 5 STARS ... 10 STARS IN THE MAKING ... A VIDEO GAME COLLECTION TO BE CHERISHED AND PASSED ON FOR GENERATION ... IT 'S THE BEST !!!
 Ok , so all these people are giving `` Resident evil
 This game is extremely entertaining and funny . The ability travel through time fighting everything from robots to zombies is exciting . The Story Co-op is perfect for playing with a buddy !!! Absolutely great game .
 This is by far the best Timpesplitter realeased.The Graphics are unbelievable , and the storyline is great.This game will have you hooked , because after you beat the 1P story mode , there are plenty of extra challenges for you to beat and unlock some new hilarious characters for use in Multiplayer mode.So , if Cortez 's new sense of humor does n't keep you hooked , the extra features and gameplay will . : P
 I WILL COME OUT AND SAY IT
 I LOVE THIS GAME . I AM 9 YEARS OLD . THERE IS A LOT OF BLOOD AND SHOOTING IN IT , BUT I KNOW THAT IT IS JUST FOR FUN . MOM DOESNT LOVE IT BECAUSE OF THAT REASON , BUT IF YOUR MOM DOESNT MIND YOU PLAYING BLOOD AND SHOOTING GAMES , I TOTALLY VOTE FOR THIS ONE . I PLAY FOR HOURS !
 This game is simply awsome . There is so much replay value and just so much to do . The graphics are very nice and sort of cartoonish . 150 playable characters , you just cant go wrong in buying this even if you havent played the others ; -RRB-
 `` EA GAMES ! '' ... that was the first thing that came out of my mouth when I saw the cover art for TimeSplitters Future Perfect a while back . Now , as much as I love EA GAMES , I have to admit I was worried about the TimeSplitters series when I saw it changing publisher . Now all I can say is , `` Congratulations Free Radical on another spectacular game ! '' Eidos , EA , it makes no difference . The boys at Free Rad have done it again . Its been a considerable time since the last installment in the series but the other day I found myself picking up right where I left off in TimeSplitters 2 . This made me very happy , to say the least . Some minor and major changes have been made to the series and believe me that their all for the best . The graphics still have some what of a cartoony look to them but have been made to look more realistic . The controls are tighter , as if to say the previous game 's were n't , sheesh . Things just do n't stop getting better do they ? Technically , Future Perfect is the most impressive game I have ever seen . It 's framerate is blistering , it sounds fantastic , the animations and effects are wonderful , and best of all the characters actually seem alive . Sure the A.I. in the last game was good , but this time , it is SO much better . The characters take cover , talk to you constantly , never to the point of being annoying , and the look absolutley great . The game 's story is also very interesting and captivating , making for a more memorable experience . Where as TimeSplitters 2 dropped you into random time periods to abliterate everything in your way , Future Perfect drops you into random time periods to abliterate everything in your way , for a purpose . I wo n't give away the story but I assure you it is very awesome . Whether your infiltrating a train yard with 60 's super spy , Harry Tipper , or blasting apart zombies in a haunted house , Future Perfect is sure to keep you entertained for hours on end . One of the biggest changes I should point out are that TimeSpitters now has blood ... tons and tons of blood . It is gory , gratuious and I love it . This truely adds to the hightened realism the series is seeming to strive for . However , never fear fellow TimeSplitters fans , the classic humor from the previous titles is still intact and funnier than ever . Future Perfect is ... well , a perfect mix of both seriousness and humor . Just when you begin to get frustrated , an in-game voice well ease your tension . For example , when I was being timed to hack a computer and becoming just a little frustrated , another Cortez yelled `` Hey I know it sucks , I 've have to do it twice already ! '' and the two more chime in , `` Me too ! '' Thats right people , I said another Cortez . Future Perfect allows you to meet yourself through time paradoxes , either a future you or a past you . In either case you 'll be helping youself out , and will eventually play out the situation through both perspectives . Not only will you meet up with yourself but many memorable characters return to the series , including Captain Ash , Jungle Queen , Kitten Celeist , Khallos , Jo Beth , monkey , and the previously metioned , Harry Tipper . And thats just in the single player game . Dinosaur , Handy Man , Duckman Drake , and many others return to the insane multiplayer portion of Future Perfect that will have you battling it out in various modes across some of the best multiplayer maps ever . Siberia focuses on wide open combat , allowing players to get into vehicles while most of the other maps allow for more classic FPS action . The multiplayer maps are very diverse , from Vietnam to a swinging 60 's club , the mayhem will never end . As in TimeSplitters 2 , two players can play the whole single player mode cooperativley and all levels can be challenged on different difficulties . Some classic weapons return to the series with a couple modifications such as the minigun , shotgun , and SBP 90 . The new weapons are just plain awesome , double MP5k 's , a baseball bat , harpoon gun , and trip mines , to name only a few . You can now throw grenades and use a device on your arm to lift object to hurdle at people . This seems very much like a Jedi using the force and is quite useful for reaching things at high locations . The arcade modes and challenges are up to the previous game 's standards and are sure to not not dissapoint ... I mean come on , who does n't want to race a wheeled cat around a race track . As in the last game , Future Perfect manages to pay homage to GoldenEye with a similar train mission . Also , Chinese , Mexican Mission , and Training Ground from TimeSplitters 2 have been revamped , unfortunatly , they just dont feel the same . But thats why new maps have been made . TimeSplitter Future Perfect is a game I would honestly and gladly pay much more than 50 dollars for and is truly one of the best games I have ever played . Time to Split!Thanks for Reading .
 With so many first-person-shooter games to choose from , it takes something special to make one stand out . This game is very creative & very fun . Most FPS games are stuck in one specific time period , whereas Timesplitters involves time travel , therefore you can play with old weapons in the past , or sci-weapons in the future . Simple solution , but very clever , it pays off due to the variety.The story itself is fun , being funny and interesting , but the real treat is the replay-factor . There are many ways to play with friends or AI opponents , from Deathmatch to Capture the Flag , and even a game of tag where the person who 's `` it '' is on fire.There are also lots of challenges to complete , and a lot of variety to them . You can make robo-monkeys dance using an electric gun , shoot hoops with steel balls , drive cats around a racetrack , break things with bricks , and even go curling with monkeys . And the better you do at all the challenges , the more characters you unlock , and there are around 150 to play with.The bottomline is the replayability . When you 're broke & cheap like me , you want to get a lot of usage out of your expensive games . This is one of those games you can play again & again without getting bored , simply because there 's just so much stuff to try . The customization of various matches is really high , putting you in total control of how you want to play . Plus , the simple joy of just running around and shooting moving targets without actually hurting anyone ca n't be beat . This is a fun game with a lot of variety to it and some really neat surprises , I am really glad I got this one .
 I read someone hated this game because a character `` took God 's name in vain '' during the first mission . Give me a break . If you are going to be offended by something stupid like that , you should n't be playing most action titles these days , which contain a good helping of adult themes and language . `` TS : FP '' does n't fall into this catagory , though . Granted , it is n't a kiddy title or contain the expletive language like that found in `` GTA
 The fast gameplay is well-appreciated . I love fighting the robots , especially . The amount of weapons you have in this game is staggering . I love the fact that the game is n't too easy or too hard . It 's a perfect challenge . You have to buy this game if you own a Playstation 2 .
 yeah , that is pretty corny ... anyway ... i just beat Timesplitter
 I 've never played the TS series before , so I was n't sure what to expect . Great game . Hours of playtime already invested and I 've only completed 3.7 % of the game ! There is no option to turn the gore off , though .
 Regaurdless of what anybody says , the single player missions are fun . In fact , i often go back and play them for fun . Do n't get me rong the two play is awesome too . But it 's not the only thing that makes this game fun . TSFP is one of the best games i ' v ever owned . The graphics are great . And the terain detail is pritty sweet to . The gameplay is good and well though out . And do n't worry about the conttroler layout you can costomize it just how you wa n't it . For the two player you can choose one of 150 charactors to go about and blast the he ** out of stuff . There is also a large sellection of game types and weppons to choose from , to keep the game interesting . You can also do the challenges or fight in the arcade luage if you want to . If you are a FPS game kind of person , then this game is for you . One of my favorite thing about this game is the cut sceans -LRB- a sort of in game movie -RRB- . The graphics in them are great and the mouths on the charactors move fantasticly . None of that just up and down kind of stuff no sirry . Full on realalistic mouth movement . This is an overall great game , and for the price it 's at now there should be no reason why you 're not buying it as you read this . SOOO ... . what are you waiting for !?!? get out there and buy this game and have some fun .
 Time Splitter 's Future Perfect , the 3rd installmentto the Time Splitters series , is a unique FPS.I Love Time Splitters 2 , and I was equally happy with TSFP.However , there were some beef 's I had with it.Pro 's : Over 100 unlockable characters , Frantic multiplayer mode , and my personal favorite , Arcade mode.Map Maker is very well done , however confusing at times.Con 's : WAY too short , the story has a VERY scripted feel to it.TSFP has a very `` Enclosed '' feel to it.I myself , like a more free-roaming environment.I 'm also a big fan of Goldeneye 64 , and if you have played it , you 'll know what I 'm talking about.Overall I would suggest buying this game ONLY if you 've playedthe other Timesplitters.For first time players , I would suggest renting it .
 The first word that comes to mind when I think of this game is ... SWEEEEEEEEEET !!! I was impressed with the game before I even started playing the story mode . How ? Well , the fact that you can customize the controls the way you want to is a great option . That earned this game a star right away.Do I even need to tell you about the graphics ? They 're SWEEET . Did I already use that adjective ? Well , I 'm using it again . I always loved their cartoonish style , and in this edition they 're better than ever . Also , the addition of blood was a nice touch.Gameplay is very fluent . There 's plenty of action and I like the characters I interact with . Checkpoints are smartly placed at regular intervals and the ability to set different difficulty levels gives it great replay value . I 've only played through four missions , but I can tell that this is easily the best shooter on the PS2 this year , so far . There are no flaws . I give it 5 stars !
 timesplitters
 So one day I come to my friends house and he pops out a little game called : ` Time Splitters
 Timesplitters is a great game . It has fun challenges , a good campaign mode , and tons of multiplayer options . If you like fps , then Future Perfect is the game for you .
 Timesplitters Future Perfect is the best game out of the Timesplitters series and is now made by EA games instead of Eidos . After three long years , one of the best first-person shooter games finally returns in its biggest installment yet.Cortez is back and this time he must stop the evil Jacob Crow from destroying the future . Along the way , Cortez gets some help from his future self ; his future self travels back through time and helps you defeat some tough enimies . It seems that Timesplitters was never good in the story section but it makes up for it in the arcade section.The arcade section has always been one of the best elements of the Timesplitters games ; it basically provides hours of endless gameplay and offers over one-hundred fifty characters to choose from from a monkey to a sock creature and even a dead cow . There are n't any new elements to the arcade mode ; it 's just like the one from the previous game.Well , that 's all there is to this game and I 'd recommend it .
 This game is awesome the graphics are good and the controls are easy . The characters are unique and so are the levels . Here are the downfalls : some things just dont make sense -LRB- harry tipper for example -RRB- but seriously though when im running w / a bag in one hand and a shot gun in the other and somehow the gun pumps itself thats something the company needs to work on . Another thing some of the arcade league is WAY to hard same with the chalanges yes i no they 're called CHALLENGES for a reason but i want to unlock people and i cant because its to hard . Also when you get armor it should show you with a bulletproof vest on i think that would be cool.In all i love this game but there are to few arcade levels making it boring after an hour of play . But if you need a shooting game with LOTS of FREAKS this game is for you -LRB- i no it was the right game for me -RRB- .
 I 've been a fan of the franchise since it came out in 2000 with the Playstation 2 launch . The games have always been fun , addictive , nad better than any first person shooter I 've played -LRB- yes , even both Halo 's -RRB- . Great story line , great gameplay , and hundreds of challenges to complete . You can even create your own map and share it online with other players . This is the best fps I 've played and I 'm still playing it .
 A long while back , my brother picked up IimeSplitters 2 for a measly 15 bucks . I have to admit , I was a little doubtful about a $ 15 game with cartoonish graphics . But I was changed . My play time is coming up on 4 days , and I ca n't get off TS2 . When I heard of TimeSplitters
 The story mode is prety bad , but if you like Halo , you 'll love the arcade mode . It 's pretty similar - guns lying about with lots of bots to kill ...
 This game is da shiznit . You can play tons of different game modes with up to four players . if you do n't already have one , you should definetely buy a PS2 multitap . I love to play this game with my little brother . You should try playing capture the bag with a team full of monkeys .
 Timesplitters games have always been the pinnacle of FPS in my eyes , they mix arena FPS with the modern kind of FPS . When you play this game , like Battlefield Bad Company 2 , you get this feel that the game may be intense and crazy but you do n't have this Call of Duty feel that burdens you while playing . It lightens up the mood and is a nice game to play with about 8-16 friends , assuming you can somehow play it online . Eight friends would be best on the same console but if you are some how able to play it online then play with as many people as you can , the maps are large with very qwerky weapons such as the insanely overpowered &#34; Monkey Gun &#34; which must be unlocked through completing a specific challenge and gaining a Platinum metal on . It is an excellent party game that combines a story with humor , making fun of a lot of scenes . I was a little disapointed that the seller I bought it from did not include the actual game case but it was in &#34; Good &#34; condition with a few very minor scratches and works perfectly fine . Buy this game if you are tired of the normal FPS games that come out regularly , and like Cortez , &#34; Its time to split ! &#34;
 I have just recently gotten into the realm of timesplitters and so far I 'm very pleased with what I have seen on this title . . its a very cool game and i plan on getting the first and second title as well . . I highly recommend this game its very funny and if your a fan of fps this one is worth getting . . I would recommend this game to anyone with a ps2 looking for a very entertaining game . . defintely a 5 star game all day long !!!!!!!!!
 I 'm holding on to the past with this nostalgic classic ! This is a game that both myself and my 12 year old can enjoy .
 I 've been looking for this game for a while now and I 'm so glad I found it . I 'm really satisfied with this buy and definitely recommend this game for others .
 The game itself is great , it ends the Time Splitters story very well . The graphics are very good , with detailed textures for it 's time , the gameplay is smooth , fun , and can be both slow or fast-paced depending on the level , difficulty and more . It has fun challenges to beat and keeps track of all your stats . Even though it 's the last game in the series you can still get into it.Pros-Fun , easy to get into story mode-Funny , entertaining , and easy to like characters-Humor added into a fairly serious story-Addicting multiplayerCons-You still ca n't jump
 Timesplitters is such a fun series and Future Perfect fits in nice with the others . The graphics are very good and the motion is smooth . The dialogue is well written with many funny lines . The premise of this game is Cortez just gets back from Timesplitters 2 with the crystals when he 's enlisted to go back through time and trace the orgins of the crystals and timesplitters . The levels are fun and engaging with many new and likeable characters joining Cortez through his mission . Multi-player is very fun . I 've played it with my husband and we 've both had a lot of fun . The Arcade and Challenge modes on this game were fun as well , though I think the cat races was a stretch . The cat was very hard to control so it was difficult , though not impossible , to pass the races . I 've never liked Map Maker , though . It 's the one aspect of the game that never appealed to me , though I 'm sure it 's a great asset to the game for those creative minds out there .
 I love the Timesplitters series . I am excited to hear about the 4th upcoming one and still love the first through third just as much !
 This game is pretty much like halo with only older graphics , fun mutilplayer great ideals , the only it also combinds the zombies from other games , with a twist you can kill them with out like 5-10 shots or one to the head kills , them well so far no issues , shipping was fine !!!!
 oh my god i just was blown away when i played this it seems kind of hard at first but once you get going your set and try the challenge mode you get to fight ZOMBIE MONKEYS >:D i love this thanks to the creators !
 This is a game wrapped around evil creatures called TimeSplitters and the good guys trying to find a way to to go back in the past to stop all the Splitters from coming in the first place and whose in lead of this mission Agent Cortes and well Agent Cortes yes thats right well dont let me confuse you go out and buy the game -LRB- Thats Right NO Spoilers -RRB- even though the story it self is more thne a FPS its a thrill ride full of adrenalin and Funny Storylines one you should pick up for yourself trust meNow for the multi-player aspect which by far beats any CoD or Halo game to this day -LRB- yes black ops and Halo Reach Included -RRB- especially with its map makeing perspective where you get to make you own maps with millions of options and secrets that you design and with 150 playable characters like sl * ty Cops and Nurses To Weird old people to Robots To Scary little girls To Well you get the picture this game is one to pick up if you want to laugh your ass off and shoot people in the head at the same time
 this is a great game , with decent graphics , , story a bit short , but great for multiplayer
 This game is a lot of fun either for one player or two . Hours of fun playing through the levels on different difficulties .
 Time Splitters
 Very good game . Definatly if you 're looking for a 2 player co-op mode game . Everything is perfect and I ca n't wait for Time Splitters 4 .
 I searched relentlessly for a fun multi-player shooter , and that search ended when I found this freakin ' awesome box of nutbaggery . I 've never enjoyed a game so much . One of these days , I 'll actually try the single-player mode .
 Let me just say I have played both other timesplitters game and they rock . They were made by Free Radical an Eidios . Now its made by Free Radical an EA.All I have to say is kudos to EA for going above and beyond on the new timesplitters game . The controls are phenominal.The weapon designs are better than ever as well as the character designs.I 'll start off with the cons.CONS : - Too many characters to start off with.-Too many characters from Timesplitters2PROS : - Blood -LRB- not sickening though -RRB- - weapon designs-You can see your characters hands -LRB- finally ! -RRB- - Level designs-Chinese level -LRB- best level in the trilogy -RRB- - controls-Multiplayer-Length of campaign -LRB- not too long , not too short -RRB- -4 different monkeys -LRB- ninja , regular , zombie , cyborg -RRB- - Graphics -LRB- more realistic -RRB- This is a fantastic game for your collection.Not recommended for kids though .
 This is a really good game to have friends over and try to kill them . Love this game and have had it for awhile and it still is n't boring !
 This game will blow your mind . It is the best PS2 game ever ! It is the Halo of PS2 . This game is a must have . No hesitating ... just buy it . If you 're even looking at this item it means you like shooting , adventure games . You ca n't go wrong with this . BUY IT ! NOW !!!!
 This game is amazing . The controls are so responsive . The controls are even better than some of the games that were released after Future Perfect . The game has an interesting plot and plenty of humor . Many people complain about the puzzle part of the game ... it 's one puzzle . it adds an interesting twist to the plot and it is n't that difficult . BUT this is the kicker for me . Once i 've beaten a game i usually never go back because there 's nothing left to do . I 've won . BUT this game has so many extra silly , serious and fun levels , different characters ... . the list goes on forever .
 I played through this game on co-op , and I had the time of my life . This is the funniest game I 've played in a long , long time . Seriously . I do n't really care for shooter games , but I did n't mind at all . It 's perfectly paced , and has a hilariously convoluted time-travel plot . Weapon selection is rather meagre , so you 'll be a bit disappointed if a large arsenal gets you off . I do n't care about that , I 'm just there for the story and for some fun , and Future Perfect did n't disappoint in that respect . There are a ridiculous amount of multiplayer options as well , making this the probable heir to 007 Goldeneye 's sharing-a-couch multiplayer throne .
 I almost never play games that involve racing or shooting . But I played the demo for Re-Volt and immediately went out and bought it ... along with a racing wheel.The graphics are so beautiful that I 've spent time just leisurely driving around checking out the scenery . The museum course is particularly gorgeous as you drive under -LRB- or over ! -RRB- dinosaur skeletons and around the planetarium.It 's also fun to download new cars from the Internet . The cars you choose to play have a big impact on gameplay -- different tracks require different cars to be successful.The track editor is lame , but so what ? The existing tracks are so stunning and fun to race that you wo n't need to design your own tracks .
 After reading the reviews and playing the demo , it took me about two days to get to the local Best Buy to purchase this game -LRB- sorry Amazon -RRB- . I 'll tell you that I have n't been disappointed.So far , I have n't had any problems with the game . I downloaded the patch from the Re-volt website just to be on the safe side , but have n't run into anything yet . There is an annoying `` beep '' every once in a while when I think the level changes from one area to another , but that 's about it . Let me give you a quick run-down ... The cars are great ! I started off on the easy tracks with the easy cars -LRB- electric -RRB- and am having a blast . Then , I discovered that you can download cars from the internet and install them onto your hard drive -LRB- the process is very easy and worth the time spent -RRB- . Users from around the world design and paint their own custom cars and you can download and play with these cars . That 's where the real fun starts . Want to race with a miniature Viper or Porsche that handles just like an RC car ? No problem ! It 's seriously a blast . The cars come in two types - electric -LRB- fast -RRB- and glow/gas -LRB- really fast ! -RRB- . There 's also the opportunity to download custom tracks , but I have n't done that yet.The game play is fast , furious and exciting . It 's got a great soundtrack that really enhances the mood of the game . Hairpin turns , countless jumps , power-ups for launchable weapons are just some of the great features of this game . The levels are designed and rendered beautifully and it 's sometimes a shame that this was n't `` Driving Miss Daisy '' so that you could go a little slower and check the scenery out . One area in the Museum level where you enter the Planetarium and the Planets are revolving and spinning all around you and the techno music is blaring and the bottle-rockets are flying ... well , you just have to experience it . I 've had it for a little under a week and have barely scratched the surface of what this game is capable of . I would highly recommend this game to anyone . Enjoy .
 Do n't listen to the whiny mag types , this game is FUN . It 's a blast cranking around in the mini rc cars and the graphics are way above average . In combat mode you can hit the power-ups and spank the opponents ' cars with every thing from oil slicks to bottle rockets . What a gas . And online racing is even better . Get the demo , play the single track , then buy the game . It 's worth the money .
 This game is a must-have for any racing fan . Do n't be fooled by the fact that it 's all about RC cars , the action is fast and furious , and fiendishly replayable.It 's an arcade-style game -LRB- no in-game save , limited attempts -RRB- , but the ingenious power-ups -LRB- oil slicks a la Spy Hunter , water balloons , bowling balls , etc -RRB- make head-to-head racing a blast . The tracks are gorgeous and amazingly detailed ; you can sneak around and find shortcuts everywhere . Plus , there 's nothing like racing through a supermarket , a museum , or the deck of the `` Toytanic '' . The graphics are nothing short of stunning ; the development team deserves special kudos for the weapon effects and excellent implementation of all the 3D bells and whistles ... the graphical realism is one of the points that sells this game.That and the fact that the little cars never run out of batteries or break . My kinda game .
 For christmas my friend bought me Re-Volt and I have to admit I was pessimistic . Despite my doubts , driving through toy stores or finding hidden shortcuts in the neighborhood . Then , all the tracks were beaten -- in forward reversed , mirrored , ect . . I Unlocked nearly all of the cars and also the disappointing `` clockwork carnage '' -LRB- a game with crazy wind up cars going to fast to control -- spinning out with the slightest bump -RRB- after finding all of the stars in `` stunt mode . '' I was bored . One day , I randomly chose to revisit the somewhat forgotten game , accessing the `` track editor . '' Suprisingly , making my own track was really fun . Once I got the hang of the editor and learned how to use all of the possible pieces , I wad able to make very elaborate tracks ; the tracks had hills , cliffs , jumps , pipes , rumble strips , ect . The biggest attraction for me was the hills -LRB- you could even control their angles -RRB- -- you could make them go so high as to leace your screen view then have them go into a rollarcoaster-like drop -LRB- you could also just have a cliff -RRB- . Unlike many other games where you invent your own tracks , you are given more than enough space to complete your dream-track . THen , I raced my friend . It was terrific . Unlike the annou = ying toy-themed tracks provided in the game , your tracks have an off road theme . Besides having time to fry your friend going up a huge hill or putting down an oil slick on a sharp turn , you can have a great tme talking about how huge `` that hill just was , '' seeing who went the fastest.Believe me , this track editor is limitless in comparison to all other tracks out there . Now , I never play the given tracks , but make my own.If I could , I would give this game a ten star -LRB- ********** -RRB- rating . I really ca n't explain how cool the game is in words -- it 's just great , k satisfying your racing desires that have never before been quenched . Obviously , not many other people have found the little advertised editor , of the game would be a best-seller . For those unsure about this game -- buy it -- you WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED . And for those who are letting it collect dust -- when you have a spare minute , try out the editor . You have nothing to lose and a lot to gain . If you love the game already , well , I guess you 'll just love it even more .
 My 3 year old loves this game . Though he is not a gamer like some of the other reviewers , and I have absolutely no idea how to gain access to a cheat code to get other tracks , he is perfectly content to race these cars through their different environments . The people that made this software had fun and a sense of humor . Your driving perspective is from the ground up as you are driving a toy remote control car that whizzes downs the street and through all kinds of elements . You need lightning fast fingers to prevent crashes . Those under 20 will love this game . Those of us a little older will need some serious practice time . Highly , highly recommended . A terrific gift for the gamer near you .
 As an avid R/C car hobbyist , I love this game . Though it 's a few years old , I have not found another PC videio game that equals or exceeds the level of fun playing this game . On the PC , the graphis are stunning.Every winter when it 's to wet and rainy outside for me to run my real R/C cars , I fall back to playing Re-Volt . Buy a copy and play online .
 I found this game at a yard sale and unfortunitly it had a small scratch that made the game freeze up while i was playing the first track . So what did I do ... Got ticked and went out and bought a new version of the game . It is one of the best games I got for for the money , being that alot of games nowadays are a little on the pricey side . After showing it to my 2 neighbors ... they went out and bought their own copies and now we will stay up late into the night racing against each other -LRB- much to our wives dis-approvement -RRB- But each of us at one time or another either had a cheepy -LRB- or expensive -RRB- R/C car or knew someone who did . This game not only supplies that need for a fun game ... . but also that racing need . The only thing that would make this game a total winner would be a Controller to hook into the computer that looks and feels like a real R/C car controller . The other good thing about this game is you do n't have to sit there and wait for you battieries to recharge . -LRB- LOL -RRB-
 This game is slightly above average . I found that it was somewhat time consuming to get the hang of how to race . On the easiest mode it took multiple tries before I could even place in the first race . But once I figured it out and found the right car -LRB- which is extremly important -RRB- , I found the game to be a blast to play . The graphics are excelent and the game play is good . But it is not a `` jump in and play game '' type of game . Patience is important in the begining . I would recommend the game and say that it is worth owning .
 This is the racing in game the world . You go around driving a rc car . There are many cars and coures to chose from . there 7 chioes to keep you busy . that is all
 This is a realy cool game realy funny one too.Best of the south park game out there if you like south park you will love this game.If you dont like south park you will still love this game . So buy it its worth the money !
 I 've had this long enough to try several different games offered , but certainly not all of them , yet . Once I tried Alternations I got hooked . Occasionally I try other games included in this set , but i keep coming back to Alternations . Hopefully I will eventually hit upon another game or two that I like in this collection , but my addiction to the one game has justified my purchase . There are an abundance of audio and visual settings to choose from . The help information for each game is quite sufficient . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys solitaire and may be getting `` burned out '' on the same old games . Lots of variety here .
 When I first bought this game I did n't know what to expect for the 20 $ dollars I paid at best buy . But as soon as it was installed on my computer it was obvious that this was a good game.From the 14 minute opening video to the last action intense missions this game is great . Even after beating the original 40 mission game you get the new 18 mission Indie campaign which features a cool customized ship with a new paint job and several new features , including a handy zoom mode that allows for long range sniping of those commonwealth bastards . In the Indie campaign also allows you to configure your ship to your individual weapons preference . That means double front PBC 's all the time . This game is one that does not end after you beat it once . You can go back and add you own ship models to the game -LRB- yes I have destroyed the the UNO in a TIE fighter and the Starship Enterprise -RRB- You can build your own ship models and add them to the game . You can also download pre-built ships and missions from numerous web pages . BUY THIS GAME ! IT IS DEFINITELY A GOOD DEAL AT 25 $ $
 I had heard many things about this game and found it at a store near me . So I bought it . The game captivated me from the first moment . The opening movie is action packed and of TV episode quality . The game play itself is incredible . The physics and controls of the ship are very easy to use and yet have such complex results . For example , `` strafing '' around your opponent is possible . What really makes me happy with this game , however , is the realism of the missions . Not one mission is a simple shoot-emup . Every mission involves strategy , puzzle solving , and realistic goals . In one mission you have to destroy asteroids headed for your base . In another you have to find a ship to fly . In yet another you have to go do some extra weapons training , when suddenly things go awry . Excellent excellt excellent . The only problem I have with this game is the difficulty level . These levels are no cinch . The difficulty level ramps up pretty fast .
 This game is amazing . You start with easy flying lessons and slowly progress with more commands as the game moves forward . Amazing interactive teaching and missions . Some missions take a while bet well worth it !
 OK , i really like this game . This game is an exelent space combat game . I really suggest you play it with a joystick , but its fun to it without a joystick . Buy this game ! NOW !
 This is a great arcade-style racing game for the Nintendo Gamecube . I rated it four-stars because , in my opinion , it does not quite live up to other titles in the series -LRB- such as Gadget Racers and Choro Q for the PS2 -RRB- . For starters , if you are new to the series , this game consists of race , upgrade , and repeat . Those elements work great . There are plenty of tracks , car bodies , and upgrades to discover in this game , so from the collection stand point , it is an entertaining collect-a-thon . Before I forget , I also want to give a brief nod to the arcade elements . Much like the Mario Kart series , this game features item pick-ups such as oil , nitrous , and ammo for the various weapons that you can purchase for your car . I would highly recommend this game for fans of the Choro Q series and if you own a Gamecube it would not hurt to try this game out .
 Of course compared to it 's earlier incarnations and later incarnations , in my opinion GTA SAN ADREAS PS2 BEING THE BEST FOLLOWED BY VICE CITY PS2 AND GTA IV PS3 . this game although it freezes at times , and graphic wise not on par with later , but still a Starting point !
 Rockstar has experimented with the GTA series alot since this game -- businesses and holdups in Vice City ; car modifications and photography and gang control in San Andreas ; the cell phone in GTA4 . These are all great games , but their ambition flaws them and makes the game a little more unweildly . GTAIII here is definitely my favorite , and if you missed it , you missed out .
 I love the way all GTAs are made!The story , the city , the cars , everything!The graphics for this game are n't great , not compared to the newer GTAs anyway .
 Remember when the ps2 first came out and it was impossible to get one without camping out in front a store at 6am ? I gave up on getting one until I visited my brother and saw him playing GTA III on his . I remember saying `` Oh my God ! This is the game of games ! '' This one put the gaming world on it 's head . Vice City , San Andreas and IV were landmarks but this is the one that started it all . III raised the bar to heights unimaginable in 2001 . There are n't to many games from back then that I still play , but I still knock the dust off this one and take it for a spin from time to time . I love the city and the overall feel . Playing as a uncaring street thug on the mean streets of liberty city fits the best with the whole GTA thing . All the sequels require more suspension of disbelief than this one . All the subsequent `` heroes '' have been given names and voices and have a certain level of compassion . When Vice city came out I had a hard time understanding why a drug baron who lives in a mansion would take to the streets with a baseball bat and start massacring people . No such problems here . You play a psychopathic street hoodlum who kills for fun and money and never climbs the career ladder that would have him kill people over the phone rather than do it himself . I love all the GTA games but this one was the first to make me realize the vast potential of video games as an entertainment medium . They sure have come a long way . I remember thinking that if they took this same formula and set it in a new city every year I 'd be happy . Well they took a lot farther than that thankfully ! Gameplay and graphics have grown in leaps and bounds but the overall mood and feel of III is still the best .
 Cosmic Blobs is a really fun game ! You can pick differnet 3-D object and push , sull , squeze , bend , color and make it walk around on a course you design ! You can make people , animals , alians or anything you can imagine ! It is a really a great game for kids if they want to make up their own creatures and play around with it . The only tool you need is your imagination !!
 My dad purchased Cosmic Blobs for my birthday . My parents do not let me spend too much time with computer games , plus there are not too many games out there for a young female.I love to draw and create pictures using pencil and ink . Cosmic Blobs now let 's me create and animate images using my computer . The software is very easy to use and within minutes you are creating cartoon characters . I would recommend Cosmic Blobs to any kid that enjoys creating objects using the computer .
 I bought this for my grandkids . They range in age form 6 to 15 and I must say they all really have gotten into it . They have created some really great characters and I really am happy I found this program .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my two nieces -LRB- ages 8 and 11 -RRB- . They are both pretty creative and artistic to begin with , but this gave them a completely new outlet for their creativity . They both love it and can not get enough of it ! They enjoy bringing their creations to life -LRB- everything from unicorns to pink poodles to butterflies -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this product to any parent/aunt/uncle / etc. who wants to give the child in their life a new twist on expressing their creativity .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 9-year old daughter and she has played with it constantly . It includes some pretty sophisticated 3D modelling and animation tools in a very simple kid-friendly interface . She was able to learn the basics very quickly and let her imagination run wild with all sorts of wacky creations.There are also some additional add-ons available on their web site , most for free .
 Cosmic Blobs is sophisticated computer aided design for kids . We bought it for our 9 year old grandson and it proved to be too sophisticated for him to handle . We recommend this game for 12 to 13 year olds or brilliant younger kids .
 My nephews got this as a holiday gift and it was hit ! Lots of fun for the whole family !
 The game was fun for my 3 yr old and 6 yr old for about 2 months and it did teach them about 3-D graphics so I would still recommend this product . It 's pricy but after your kids are done w/the software you can always send it to their cousins ! It arrived on time and as pictured so I 'd buy from this seller again !
 Bomberman Land Touch is an amazingly fun game . The single-player , for a change , is very enjoyable -LRB- I 've purchased the game after renting -RRB- , and the single/multi-cart download play and wifi is such fun!I have about 20 hours in the single player `` story mode '' game , and it really is a lot of fun ! Almost a zelda-esque adventure where you go around `` Pirate Island '' and beat mini-games to unlock in download play . -LRB- However , these mini-games can not be played online , unfortunately ! They can be played via single/multi-cart download , though . -RRB- I know most people would say do n't get Bomberman Land Touch if you have the original for the ds , but unless ALL you do is play it online or with friends , you should try this one . . There are quite a few mini games that are loads of fun to play with others.Oh , and yes , the wifi does lag a bit . Moreso if you play worldwide with someone across the planet , less so with someone in your region . -LRB- However , I do know it 's not as bad as the horrible lag in a game like LostMagic ; which was so aweful I am forced to play it offline for the time being ! -RRB- And yes , you can do random matchups with people in your region or across the world if you hate friend codes.As I said , I think this one is worth the money . I 'd also say to keep your old one . Yes , you 'll have two copies of the same -LRB- battle -RRB- game , but certain fun items in the original Bomberman DS and most of the items such as bomb kick , disease , confusion , `` voice activate '' or `` remote bombs '' -RRB- are NOT in this game . Which , for me , is a bit of a sad travesty , and why I will keep both games . -RRB- Bomberman is one of those that I do n't get to play very often , but is such fun to play with people I keep it around when I have parties and such.The game is rare though , and like most Atlus titles , may be hard to find . However , you should consider getting it but not only for the online play , but for the excellent single player . -LRB- Well , the game is fun , even if the story is trite ! -RRB- I find myself online most nights , playing against people , and while there is n't a whole lot of people online -LRB- you can have up to four real players and four-seven ` bots ; I rarely get more then one or two real people , and usually they are Japanese who manage to kick my butt ! -RRB- when you can manage to get a game going , it 's sheer madness !
 Lots of fun and addicting minigames that are doable in normal mode . Hard mode is a little ridiculous . There were a couple of minigames I just could n't beat , but what are friends for if not to beat parts of games you ca n't do yourself?Along with competitive minigame multiplayer , there is the classic bomberman multiplayer . I 'm a big fan of co-op multiplayer , so this game was worth buying just for the classic battle mode . The classic battle mode allows you and your LAN friends to team up -LRB- or compete , your choice -RRB- and bomb the heck out of the AI . The AI is pretty good , so it 's a challenge , even on normal difficulty . The best part is you only need one card for you and your friends to play !
 I got this game for my Grandson and started trying it just for fun and could not put it down . I bought my own DS when I became addictive to 7 Wonders of the Ancient World . Bomberman Land Touch is a impressively fun collection of mini-games strung together with a basic -LRB- but strangely satisfying -RRB- adventure game . It kept me challenged for weeks . I will be buying Bomberman Land Touch2 right away . I hear it has the same basic adventure with challenging mini-games .
 My daughters LOVE this game . At Christmas time , my girls always give me a `` list '' of games that they would like . However , I wind up only purchasing 1-2 of them because I like to search for games that they have never heard of , but have excellent reviews . This was one of those games ! They LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this game and are so happy !
 I have a just turned 5 yr old and a 7 yr old . I knew if the game was good , I 'd better try it out first , and I enjoyed it too ! Great minigames and enough `` visuals '' that my youngest -LRB- who does n't read yet -RRB- can still play the adventures . However , the best part of this game is the Bomberman classic which is up to 8 DS 's in single download play !!!! EIGHT !!! The most we 've had is 4 , but it has been soooo much fun ! There are many different boards and level settings . I understand that this one is going out of print , but there is Bomberman Land Touch 2 coming out in Feb 08 if the Amazon associate sellers are out . We 'll be getting that one too !
 The game is very good , but the problems with the server wifi is very heavy .
 If you have a DS and have Nintendogs , this game may look like an imitation of Nintendogs . Let me tell you
 A lot of fun for the money , my son just loves being able to simulate what his real dog is like .
 I just read the really really really really really long review at the top and it gave me alot of info . I now want to get this game because it sounds so much fun ! OH ! And thanks to whoever wrote that really long review ! : -RRB-
 I got this game for christmas and i was expecting it to be alot like nintendogs . but its not ! i 've gotten kinda bored with nintendogs so dogz is a nice treat . `` Dogz '' is more cartoon-ish than nintendogs -LRB- which are so life like -RRB- . In `` dogz '' you can pick from atlest 10 different breeds -LRB- unlike nintendogs where you can only pick out from like 5 breeds -RRB- . You can play with the dog for a little while and if you do n't like it you can pick out another one . You also have a time schedule . . which on weekdays you go to school and when you come home you take it for a walk , train it , feed it , and have dinner . Then before you go to sleep you write in your diary about your day .
 This game is n't the best , but it 's pretty fun . I gave it a 4 because once your dog learns a few tricks , the days are exactly the same . On Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , and Friday you go to school and then walk your dog . On the weekends you can have parties and enter contests , which is fun . I 'm not saying this game is bad , I just think it gets kind of boring after a while . It is still in my top 5 games for DS .
 I am 8 years old and I just got this game for Christmas and have only played this for just a few days . This is a very simple game to play . There are no levels.A good part of the game is you can play with your dog a lot , you can take him on walks , play fetch and frisbee with him and you can feed him . He learns his name , and how to sit , rollover and sit up.A negative part of the game is it is difficult to choose the dog that you want . You play with the dog and see if you like him , but if you do n't like him , you ca n't go back to get another dog . It takes a while for the dog to learn to sit , and learn his name and that is half the time I played.I like it and it is a pretty good game so far .
 Item was in perfect condition and my daughter has a lot of fun with it .
 I love this game . I mean you can do so much with your dog . They just miss two care jobs
 At first when I found out they were making Dogz and Hamsterz Life , etc. , the only one I did n't want was Dogz . I thought it was a repeat of Nintendogs . But then on Christmas , I played all four games at my friend 's house and I found out that I like Dogz better than Nintendogs . I mean , what 's the whole deal with teaching your dog to sit before you can walk your dog and feed it in nintendogs ? Pointless . Now I 'm getting the game as a present because I was sick from my parents . And I chose it out of all the DS games there are . It must be good then . If you 're trting to decide between Nintendogs and Dogz , choose Dogz . You do n't have to train it to walk it . It took me about a year to train mine in Nintendogs , and finally , my friend had to help me . And I still have n't trained my other two Nintendogs . GET DOGZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I played this game at my neighbors house and I loved it ! So then I bought it for myself and I ca n't put it down ! So you start off making your own character , and then you get to go to the Pet Store with your mom and dad and choose the dog you want . You get to name it , and then you take it home . After a week -LRB- Not really a week , just like five mnutes maybe more -RRB- you get the vaccinations on your dog and then you can take it for a walk once a day . you can also enter in contests on weekends , and on walks you can meet other dogs and make friends with them . Once your dog has made a few friends , your mom will ask you if you want to have a party with all of the dogs he 's made friends with . You also have to brush your dog , clean up its no-nos , feed it , water it , teach it its name , and you can also train it . I 've never played Nintendogs , but from what I 've heard , this game is WAY better . The graphics are great , and overall this is the funnest game I 've ever played !
 This game was in perfect condition and played very well . I love dogs and everything they stand for because they can always make me smile and make my heart melt . I figured this would be an excellent game to play . While the game was entertaining and did involve managing your own dog , it was more for children of a younger age . If your child loves dogs and wants to take care of one , this is the one for you !
 Thia game is very cute ! It teaches you how to take care of a puppy . And you also get to choose the breed and colour of the puppy ! If you dont find one the first day you go then you get to pick one from the catalog . It is very fun and cute ! I highly recommned this game for any one who likes puppies ! Very good game and better then any other dog games i have played !
 this game is really fun!first you pick a character boy/girl after that you pick a puppy and name it then you take your puppy home . in a week you take your puppy the vet and get your puppy shots so you can go on a walk i 'm going to play on dogz .
 3 words
 I purchase the Dogz game for my 7 year old . She has been entertained by the game so far . You do have to read in this game so a young child that is not reading would need a parent near by . Dogz has turned out to be a favorite game . I purchase a gentle used game and it came in perfect condition .
 I like it because you feel like you are a real person in the game , but i would be nice to have 2 dogs on one account .
 This game is worth the money!The graphics are n't great but the game is good enough to ignore that . Also , alot of other reviews say that it is `` better than Nintendogs '' , this is streching the truth alittle bit but it is a great game . If you are trying to decide between Nintendogs and Dogz get Dogz , but if you already have Nintendogs and are looking for another great dog based game get it.In the game you are a little girl or boy wanting to get a puppy of your own and one day your dreams come true when your parents let you go to the pet shop to get your own puppy.There are many selections to chose from for adopting and they all have a different personality.Once you have decided you go into this room where you can find out if you have the perfect pup.If you like it you take it home to name it . If you decide the dog is not the one you order from a catalog . It then autimatically goes to one week later and then you take home the dog you ordered the week before.Once you have named your dog you can start the game . After something like 1 week you can do walks -LRB- you actully have to -RRB- and on walks you can try to make friends , go to the park , buy 1 thing a day at the pet shop , do chores for your mom at the Sunny Mall to earn gifts , and on Sunday compete in competitions.This game is harder than other games because aswell as looking after the dog you have to go to school and have meals . Then you do the normal dog game stuff.This is an amazing game !
 I got this for my 8th birthday and absolutely love it . After your dog is vacinated , you can take it for walks , play tournaments , and you can meet other dogs and have parties with them . It was easy for me to learn . I have played it every day ever since I got . I would definitely recommend this game .
 Before I got this game , I thought it would be te same thing as Nintendogs . I was wrong ! Nintendogs is a good game , but I got bored with it a lot . In Dogz , you actually pick if you are a girl or a boy , name your character , and have a house with more than one room unlike Nintendogs.In this game , you are going to the pet shop to get your first puppy ! You can choose from the dogz they have there , or , if you do n't like any , you get to pick one from a catalog . If you pick one from the catalog , you pick the typre of dog , the color , and the gender . It will be there the next week . You do n't wait long though ; after you exit the pet store and go home , go to bed , etc. it becomes the week after you went to the pet store . Then when you go , te dog you picked will be there , along with some other dogz . After you play with the dog you picked for a few minutes or less , you can decide whether you still want that dog or not . If you do n't , you can pick a different dog . If you do , you name your new dog and take him/her to your house.Once you get home , you have to teach your dog it 's name . You have to touch the microphone icon at the bottom left corner of the screen -LRB- or press L -RRB- and say your dog 's name to call it . It may take a few times , so be patient . You can do the same for other commands such as sit or shake , but first you have to go up to your dog and touch the dog icon near the top right corner of the screen -LRB- or press Y -RRB- and when the command menu opens , touch the microphone icon . Then , you can say any of the commands that now have the microphone icon next to them to teach your dog that command . This also might take a few times , and the DS may think you are saying something else . For example , you might say sit and the DS might think you said go to bed . An easier way to teach your dog a trick is to open the command menu and tap the command -LRB- or select it with the D-pad and press A -RRB- . You have to keep doing this until your dog learns the command , and then when you do it your dog will get it right every time . Also , every time your dog learns something your mom gives you a present.For the first week , you ca n't take your dog for a walk because it needs vaccinations . You can still spend that time training , playing with , or brushing your dog . First , you have to wait until your dad gives you brushes to brush your dog . When he does , you can take them out of the toy box in the living room anytime to brush your dog . You have to make sure he is in the same room though , because you ca n't leave the room with the brush and you have to go up to your dog and press A or tap him with the touch screen to brush him.If you open the menu -LRB- press start -RRB- , you can see you dog 's status . To do this , touch status -LRB- or select it and press A -RRB- and it will display your dog 's Friendship -LRB- with you -RRB- , Health , Coat , and Stress in hearts . This ranges from bad -LRB- 0 hearts -RRB- to perfect -LRB- 5 hearts -RRB- . To get your dog 's friendship up , you must brush it and play with it a lot . To get it 's health up , feed it and do n't let it get too stressed out . To get it 's coat clean , brush it or shampoo it -LRB- which you can only do on Saturday -RRB- . Last , to get it 's stress up -LRB- which I 'm pretty sure is good , because I think if it has 0 hearts for Stress it means your dog is stressed , not the other way around -RRB- , you have to brush or shampoo it , and make sure you do n't try to train it too often.If you click the arrow in the bottom right corner of the screen -LRB- when it is showing your dog 's status -RRB- , it show your dog 's training . This shows all the commands your dog can learn . This also ranges from bad -LRB- 0 hearts -RRB- to perfect -LRB- 5 hearts -RRB- . To get these up , train you dog with the command you want it to learn , and the hearts will start to go up . Once a command is at 5 hearts , that mean your dog has learned that command.Once your dog gets it 's vaccinations , you can take it on walks from 3:00 pm to 6:00 pm . When you go on your first walk , an info screen pops up and tells you that when you cross the street , you have to go up to the pole that has the button on it and press the button to cross . Once you press it , it shows the traffic ligths changing to red and then you can cross the road . There are people all over the town that have dogs , and every time your dog sees their dog , a little pink icon appears over their dog 's head . The first time you see someone , you have to talk with the person . Once you meet someone , try to have your dog visit their dog every time you go on a walk -LRB- they are always in the same place -RRB- . Some people only come out after a certain time , though . Once your dog sees the other dog at least a few times , the become good friends . Then when you dog sees the other dog , a heart appears over the other dog 's head instead of a pink icon . Once you have at least one dog friend , you can tell your mom -LRB- on Saturday , when she asks if you want to have a party -RRB- that you want to have a party and on Sunday all the dogs that your dog is friends with will come over to play with your dog . Also , sometimes your mom asks you to go on errands and gives you a list of things to get for her . To do this , just go to the store in the mall -LRB- which is located in the center of the town -RRB- and once you are near the shop that your mom told you to go to , a screen will pop up and your character will say the place your mom told you to go . Once you talk to the owner of that store , your character will give the owner the list and he/she will give you the items your mom asked for . Once you go home then , your mom will reward you with a present . When you are on walks , you can visit the pet shop and buy one thing every day . Also , on Saturday and Sunday you can enter contests there . If you go in the park , you can enter a race -LRB- only on Sunday -RRB- or practice any day other than Sunday . You can visit the vet and ask the doctor questions about stuff , too.Some more things is that nothing happens in real time , on weekdays you go to school , you can decorate and buy things for your room , go on a computer in your house to get help with taking care of your dog , and take pictures to put in a diary that you can write in every night . Overall , this game is very fun and hardly ever gets boring !!!
 Okay , my other review , called Nintendogs and Dogz - - - forget it ! I hadnt played it enough to really like it . After I got it a few days ago , I played for a few more hours -LRB- more like a million hours -RRB- and I love it ! In Dogz , you pick a character and clothing , and it starts out on a Saturday , when your parents take you to the pet shop . You pick out the dog you like , you name it , and you get to take it to your house , which consists of a living room , kitchen , hallway , piano room , and the upstairs has your bedroom , which you can decorate . You can train your dog to sit , lie down , go to bed , and shake , plus other tricks.You can take your dog on walks , but not until it gets vaccinated , which is the Saturday after you get your dog . Then , you can go on walks , and sometimes , your mother will want you to run an errand for you , like go to the Greengrocer on your walk -LRB- the grocery store -RRB- and pick up some things . If you do this , your mother will give you a gift.On walks , you can stop by the park , too . At the park , you can play ball or frisbee with your dog . Or , on Saturdays and Sundays , you can enter a race with your dog , where you lead your dog through tunnels and over hurdles until they get to the finish line , where you can earn trophies.Also , on Saturdays and Sundays , you can take your dog to the Pet Shop , and there will be a contest , where you do tricks with your dog , and the judges give you a score . You can get trophies for these too . Also , at the pet shop , your Mom lets you get one thing per day , from a new lamp for your room , to a new type of dog food . : - -RRB- In Dogz , you are a child though , so you have things like breakfast time , lunch time , dinner time , bedtime , and you have to go to school Monday - Friday , too , but you dont actually ` go ' there ... you walk to school , then it will show you getting home at 2:30 pm . You also have a `` WALK '' time . Your mother will allow you to walk your dog once a day after 3pm , but you have to be home by 6pm for dinner.Just a small thing , but worth noting - there are mini-games in Dogz too , but you have to earn them . If you are doing a good job taking care of your dog , your mother or father might give you one of two mini-games , which will be put in the toy box in the living room . So , whenever your bored , you can play a game of `` Match-A-Puppy '' -LRB- aka Memory -RRB- and other games.At bedtime each night , you can choose to see your dog 's `` Status '' which is , their stress level -LRB- I 'm guessing 5 hearts of ` Stress ' means no stress -RRB- , and how good they are at tricks , like , if your dog 's `` Lie Down '' heart level is full hearts , then it has mastered that trick . Whenever you master a trick with your puppy , your Mother or Father will be proud of you , and give you a present.During walks , you can stop by the Vet , where a doctor will answer your questions about things like Friendship with your dog , and your dog 's Stress level and things like that . I suggest you go to the vet at least once a week to keep your dog healthy . The doctor will also give your dog a check-up telling you if it 's sleeping enough or eating enough , etc.The graphics really dont matter much to me anymore , because it 's cute and colorful , and the game is great.I dont know of any cheat codes for this game , but I dont need any - the game is perfect in itself , and is a fantastic boredom buster for those rainy days , or sunny days for that matter -- any day , any time , this game is by far , the best Dog game I have ever played , and the best DS game I have played.Well , just writing about this game wants me to go pick up my DS from the table across the room and play it for hours on end ... but , parents , if you 're the kind that doesnt want your son/daughter playing for hours on end , I must tell you , it 's very educational if you are getting a dog , your kids want a dog , or if you just want your kids to be more responsible with pets , because they have to feed it , potty-train it and clean up it 's uh-ohs when its in other places than the potty , take it for walks , and of course , they have to give it affection and love , or your dog will be unhappy . I think it teaches them more than if they play Nintendogs , because in Dogz , you need to juggle caring for a dog between breakfast , school , dinnertime , and bedtime . It 's a fantastic game , and it 's not hard to use - - - it took me a few minutes to sort of understand how to maneuver my way around the house , but it is fairly easy to do so.Thanks so much for reading my review . If you have any questions , email me
 I bought this for my daughter on her 10th birthday !! . . She loves being able to interact with her dog.WOuld buy it again .
 Dogz is awesome ! I got it 2 days ago and have played it non-stop ! You start off in a pet shop . If you find the dog you like , you will go to a room in the pet shop , and play with the puppy . If you like the dog , you can take it home with you . If you do n't , then you can go look at the rest of the dogs . Then you go home . Your house has a bedroom , kitchen , family room , computer room , and a front yard.Before you take a walk you have to get your dog it 's shots . In the meanwhile , you can feed your puppy , teach your puppy tricks , and other fun things . You do have to go to school Mon-Fri , but all you do is go to the front door , and then it will show you coming home . Once you get your shots , you can take your dog for a walk . Then you walk the big town with your dog . There is a vet , pet shop , dog park , and more ! Also when you take your dog for a walk , your mom might ask you do run to the candy store or something like that . Then she 'll give you a present . When you go on the walk , you can meet people with dogs . Keep visiting the people , and your dog will make friends with their dogs . Once you have a couple friends , you can have a party on Sunday . Your mom will ask you if you want to have a party . Also on the weekends , you can enter a competition . There will be one at the pet shop and one at the dog park.You can train your dogs to do tricks . When the trick is learned , your mom will give you a present.At night when you go to bed , you can write in your diary and view your dog 's status . Five hearts is the best and zero hearts is the worst.In your closet , you can change the character 's outfit , decorate your room , and put toys and decorations in your room.There are also mini games in the toy chest . Your parents give them to you as gifts.Sorry if I missed anything else . Just writing my review makes me want to get my DS , and play Dogz !
 I bought this for my daughter 's 13th birthday . She really likes it . The more she plays , the more she can do .
 This was a gift for a 10 yr old girl who does not like violent games or blood , she chose this game , Cooking Mama , and Catz as games she would like to play . She still is not bored with them and continually plays them .
 When I first got Dogz , I thought It would be the same thing as Nintendogs . But it totally isnt ! First of all , In Dogz you get to pick your own character . Also you can walk around your house and even decorate your own room ! You go to school Monday-Friday but That only takes a second . When your dog learns a new trick , you dont have to say it 's name over and over into the mic like Nintendogs , all you have to do is click on the button sit or lay down . There is really nothing bad about this game eccept when you first get your dog you have to wait intill saturday for your dog to get its vaccines . If your dog does n't have its vaccices then you cant take it on a walk but luckily in the game , 2 hours our time is a day in Dogz time , or something like that . Give dogz a chance ... You will surley fall in love with your new puppy , just like I did !!!
 I am six and I love this game , except that you are only allowed to have three dogz -- so choose your dogz carefully , unless you do n't mind deleting dogz you love . This is the best of the new Nintendo DS `` petz '' games -LRB- I have them all -RRB- . This game is way better than Nintendogs -- the walks are much longer and the training is n't as irritating . If you love dogs , you will love this game !
 This game is a pretty good one . If you look above , then you will see the other reviews , which I read before I bought this . If you 're wondering if the other reviews are right , then just read mine . I 'm an kid . I was expecting this game to be great , after all good things that other reviews said about it . It was okay , but do n't get your hopes up too high . It IS a nice game , but I was expecting more out of it , and I guess I should n't of . In this game you do get to : Go to the Petz Shop and get a dog.Customize your bedroom -LRB- The girls start out with pink , boys blue . -RRB- You also get to name your dog.Your able to bond with your dog.You can go on walks.Change your clothes.On walks , make friends and play with your puppy.With all of the friends you made , you can make a party as long as you check in with your mom on Saturday first.But at a party , you do n't get to play , just like going to school . You just get a preview of what your dog is doing at home and what your doing in school.You get to have a family . In your family there will always be a mom and dad only , and all you get to do with them is talk and get presents from them.And that ' s all I 've done in this game so far.And whoever is reading this should know that your town is n't really big at all . Its really small . But , Overall , this game is pretty good and is fun . It gets a little boring , but otherwise its fine.I hope you like this game , too !
 This is the first game I bought for my PS3 and I was not disappointed . The ONLY downside to the game is that there is not a multiplayer mode -LRB- though it is very fun to play online -RRB- . The game looks amazing ; it is extremely competitive ; and there are a wide variety of vehicles , tracks , and levels . A MUST BUY for a PS3 owner -LRB- if you enjoy a good offroad race -RRB- .
 Singel player mode needs more . . Online is where the fun begins ...
 Pros : Greatest graphics ever seen in a video game bar none , the track actually changes after each lap . Tire tracks in the mud depending on the vehicle weight , If you are driving a big rig you will make deep tracks in the mud compared to a bike which will hardly make a track.Great vehicle variety , choose from Bikes , ATV 'S , Racing Trucks , Buggy 's , and Big Rigs.Great soundtrack.Cons : No two player via splitscreen . Splitscreen should be a given in a racing game I am shocked that they left that out.Not very much replay value .
 its a very gud game and the graphic r just too good ... the only problem in d game is that is not multiplayer
 I could go into all the technical hoo-rah about this game - not gon na do it - it 's just downright fun and you never take the same route twice !!
 Best off road racing game out ! Online play is fun and addicting ! 12 people per race ... multiple courses per track . . from motorcycles , to ATV 's to Big Rigs ! ... certain vehicles go good on certain terrain and certain shortcuts ... trucks hitting bikers ... vehicles hitting rocks and exploding . . Headset capable ... the stages are awesome . . the graphics are fantastic . . have n't played much single player . . this game is TONS OF FUN !!! Cons : i 've experienced a few glitches online-players getting frozen-headsets not always at 100 % - every player in the game all quit ... when apparently we did n't - tracks are great , but i wish they had more-loading times kinda suck-single player only , besides online play . -LSB- This is sucks if you wanted to play VS against someone and had no online play ... but more reason to get your online game going -RSB- These were all one time bugs and online play for the PS3 is n't perfect yet ... but it sure does n't matter to me ... have n't had any problems in single player mode . . and have n't had the chance to see how long it is . . but this game is OFF THE CHIZZLE ! must buy for all racers and PS3 owners .
 You ca n't miss the bumping , banging , huge jumps , and explosions all in true next gen high def graphics . This is arcade racing at its finest . This is not a game like a NASCAR or F1 sim . This is chaos . The details in this game are amazing , so much so that during the bigger wrecks you can see the inner workings of the engine flying . The tracks are huge , but not so that you will get lost . And no matter which route you take , it will not give an unfair advantage to person taking another route . The mud , dirt and sand effects are coolest I have ever seen in a game . Mud , dirt , and sand will actually stick to the camera , making it tough to see in the dirtiest sections of the track . The game runs at a great frame rate , so there is a true sense of speed , even in the bigger vehicles . The online mode is great . It is a lot of fun talking trash on 12 of your friends and then sending a few of them flying off a cliff to a huge exploding crash . The game does lack in one player modes and there are only 8 tracks . The developers said that they are going to release more tracks and game play options through the PSN . So I would not let this stop you from buying this game . It is whole lot of fun as it is , and it is only going to get better .
 This was a gift it got here on time and was just what i had order will order more things
 A very good game as entertaining for adults and children . ! Product Excenete a good game . . ! Good . . !
 I can not believe the PS3 had such a good exclusive so early on ! Great graphics -LRB- for the time -RRB- and super fun gameplay . Remember to go to the now dead &#34; online &#34; section to download the update that makes this compatible with the vibration in the DualShock 3 .
 i love this gift . . i bought this for my son he loves it . . make this a wonderful gift that he enjoys and can only bring back memories down the road . This product I recommend to any parent .
 ca n't really add any more than the others , but can say this is fun to me and my 5 yro son .
 If you 're looking for a simple , one-dimensional , off-road racing game with amazing effects and gameplay , then you 've clicked on the right game my friend ! This game reminds me a lot of the Mario Kart game for the Nintendo 64 . You ca n't keep playing it for a long time because it gets very repetitive . This is one of the games that you might play every couple of months , but you will still enjoy it the same as when you first opened it .
 i have not played this in years but a good game . one reason why you do not get trophy 's through the game . the game is great though .
 I truly dont know of anyone who wouldnt like this game.Graphics
 This game is a fun racing game , graphics are stunning , and it even has online play so that you can test your skills against others around the world . Only downfall is that you have a limited number of vehicles to choose from in each race and it does n't have just a freestyle track where you can practice race , and you kind of go off instinct on what terrain each vehicle you have best suits it . Crashing slow motion gets kind of annoying too when you ca n't just skip it and get on with the race . Otherwise great game for anyone who likes motor cross stuff . My little brother loves this game as it has to do with mud , racing , trucks , bikes , semi trucks , and baja vehicles .
 Back before I had a PS3 this was my favorite PS3 game . I demoed it at Walmart on release day and was blown away by the intense graphics . Forward to just recently when I got a Ps3 , I still love this game . The game play is tuned to almost perfection and the idea of multi-levels is great . The only thing keeping this from getting 5 stars is that the number of levels is relatively small and sometimes you will launch off a ramp , only to run straight into a rock . -LRB- also the loading times for vehicles is terrible , but that is because blu-ray has low transfer rates and is not this games fault -RRB- Overall though , worth the 19.99 .
 With the addition of vibration and three levels of motion control sensitivity with an update , Motorstorm is a lot more accessible and fun to play . Before downloading the update , I would constantly oversteer and snake around the coarse . I have changed the sensitivity to Low and now it is much easier to control the car , although it does feel a little floaty . Vibration means that I have a much better feeling for the traction on the coarse and this coupled with the better handling of Low sensitivity means I have a much easier time handling the cars . So far I have stuck to the larger cars which are slower but easier to handle , and I would recommend a new player try the truck first . Using the analogue controller makes the game much easier , but the motion controls coupled with vibration definitely add a great sense of really steering the vehicles . I do n't feel the game is worth full price , but at the discounted price I paid , it was well worth it .
 I really want to give Motorstorm a 5-star rating . It accomplishes great game play with beautiful graphics . I just got the PS3 and the included Motorstorm . The first time I fired it up on my 50 '' plasma I was blown away . The scenery is incredible . There is a nice assortment of vehicles with differing strengths and weaknesses . It 's fun learning how to drive each vehicle . There are a few tracks where the scenery will make you dizzy as your vehicle leaps off of cliffs and you struggle to keep in control.So why not give the game a 5-star rating ? There are n't enough courses . You play the same ones over and over . The only off-line mode is a career mode . You have to score enough points to unlock race tickets and vehicles . As you advance to higher levels , instead of the computer controlled racers becoming better racers , their main goal appears to be to wreck you . The other racers are n't there to win . It 's annoying when you come across another vehicle whose main purpose is to take you out of the race . Speed up , and they speed up . Go slow and they slow down . You are also forced to use a certain class of vehicle in most races . That would be fine here and there , but for the majority of races ? It gets old . I got so tired of it that I 've given up on trying to win the game.The saving grace is the online play . It 's wonderful . A free download enhances the online experience by allowing you to practice races using shadows of other racers . I found this useful in finding the fastest routes around the courses . It even helps you discover shortcuts that you might not have ever found without this mode.In my opinion , for sixty bucks you should get a complete game . Game makers are n't satisfied with that price , so they make some items only available as add-ons available for download for a fee . The two courses that I purchased were tiny and nowhere near the quality of the courses included with the game . There is no way to preview an add-on . Making us pay for additional vehicles is pretty lame as well . I wish this practice would go away , but it wo n't as long as people keep paying for the add-ons . To be fair to Motorstorm , this practice is the norm , and not unique to this game.Motorstorm is a must have game for anyone with a PS3 . The game is easy to get the hang of and there is enough there to keep you plenty busy . I ca n't wait to see what Motorstorm 2 looks like . Hopefully they 'll keep it simple and resist making it more complex .
 Outrageous physics , simple controls , gorgeous graphics and straightforward online racing make this game terribly addictive . In my opinion , one of this game 's strongest points is that it is extremely easy to get into . If you 're a fan of realistic racing sims , you may find it a bit superficial
 The ps3 games market has been kinda slow on getting some good games out for the gamers . There are a few good games starting to popup now for the ps3 such as def jam icon . Well a new game has finaly poped up for the ps3 that falls in the line of must have games called Motorstorm . The graphics for motorstorm are extremly well done and really does place the gamer more into the game . The sounds for the game seem to be verry well for this style of game . The controls for motorstorm seem to be verry simple like most racing style games . The average gamer wont have a problem learning the controls as well any body else.The game overall really stands out on the playstation 3 as a must have game not just due to great graphics but the fun factor . The game has some of the most insanely cool crashes seen in a game to date.Motorstorm is well worth buying wherever you can find it , and is a good game for anyage to play . If your out looking for a good game to buy for the playstation 3 , I would honestly say that Motorstorm is well worth the price and worthy title to add to that game collection.Good luck and drive safely and please dont crash into anyone : -RRB-
 Ladies and gents , it 's finally time to get down and dirty on your PlayStation 3 . Evolution Studios ' MotorStorm , a motocross-style racing game and one of the first PS3 games ever shown , finally explodes out of the gates in style . What makes this filthy , dirty , explosive racer so much fun ? Most importantly , despite being a blast , is it actually worth the $ 60 admission?MotorStorm is a very simple game at face value . In fact , the gameplay is akin to Burnout-braking is hardly ever needed , and alongside accelerating you 'll be using a boost feature to stay ahead of the pack . However , Evolution Studios ' racer is much more technical in practice-each of the eight tracks featured in beautiful Monument Valley are loaded with jumps , blind turns , hidden paths , and slippery pits of mud . In fact , there are several different lines throughout each track . Rockhopper comes to mind when I think of multiple paths , narrow jumps , and huge drop-offs . The circuit offered in the downloadable demo was the high-altitude Raingod Mesa , which has one of the most exciting banked turns and cliff side stretches in the game . The Coyote Rage track is condensed but still features a lot of different paths and makes a wonderfully varied track for any vehicle . At The Grizzly , anything goes-it 's extremely diverse and alway exciting no matter what vehicle you 're driving.The racing is very physics-based , and because of the various obstacles and racing lines , Evolution Studios offered seven different types of vehicles . You can choose from several kinds of rally cars , bikes , racing trucks , ATVs , buggies , `` Mud Pluggers , '' and big rigs . In that very order from left to right you lose speed but race the easy ground-bikes will always beat Mud Pluggers in the straight , but the ` Pluggers will flat-out dominate them in the slippery low grounds of each track . Big rigs shove everyone around , but are clumsy to drive and incredibly slow to accelerate . Buggies were always enjoyable rides because they have a great balance of speed , control , and can handle most of the game 's different lines without a problem . Each vehicle controls differently in different terrain ; rally cars ca n't handle anything less than solid ground while ATVs earn their acronym by handling well in all terrain . Generally every vehicle handles well ; I really liked the responsiveness of the ATVs and bikes , but the sluggishness of the big rigs and ` Pluggers helped in the low grounds . Different vehicles also have different boosting advantages and disadvantages
 By far mine and the family 's favorite out of the whole motor storm series , and we have them all . The graphics might not be as good as apocalypse , but the game play to us is better.Cheers .
 its funny , not to easy , the graphics are ok and all the game looks great , you can enjoy itthanks a lot
 Mucha adrenalina con este juego . Buenos gr&aacute;ficos . El concepto bien original . El realismo de las carreras es bastante aceptable . Muy buen entretenimiento
 MotorStorm game is very good . has good graphics , competitiveness and realism on the car and the way they try.is very good
 This game is a fun racing game , although when I bought I didnt know that it is only a one player game ... you can play others online , but not play multiplayer so that is the only downside , other than that its fun to race and the crashes are pretty neat .
 This game was great ... . this was my first ps3 game i got for my ps3 ... Now having 40 games , its a suprise that still to this day i play this game ... . LOVE IT
 It 's a fun game , have a lots of vehicles , tracks and have really good music!Spectacular crashes , and lots of ramps and there are like three different ways you can take in the same track!The only downside is that does n't have a multi-player mode , only on-line mode , but still to much fun to take off a star from it!It 's a must have , now I need money for the MotorStorm Pacific Rift
 The ONLY complaint I have is the horrible wait times when picking vehicles because it has to load the 3d image of the vehicle . They fixed that in Pacific Rift . Otherwise , this games is awesome . In my opinion this is one of the best race games out there . I 'm not a fan of very realistic simulations , but I do n't care for races where the cars on on rails either . This is a nice balance of arcade fun with just enough realism and grit to make it extremely playable for hours .
 I purchased this video game for my sons , and they ca n't get enough . They play separate , and they challenge each other on the different levels . I do n't play , personally , but I enjoy that they enjoy it so much .
 This game is amazing , I love the car physics more than the new ones -LRB- MStorm 2 and 3 -RRB- . Maps on this game are unique , for instance dust evil and rock hopper . My only complaints are the online system -LRB- chat sometimes does n't works and there 's no party system -RRB- and the loading times when you want to choose your car in 3D -LRB- it was fixed changing from 3D to 2D -RRB- . Overall is a great outdoor racing experience , brutal and fast . Love this game !!!
 THE GOOD : - Great graphics
 Great game awesome graphics , the only caveat is there 's no two player otherwise great game to pick up .
 Most fun racing game I played in years.I wish they were selling tracks and cars via the playstation store .
 This is a must for PS3 . The graphics are very rich and the music is awesome . Great driving game for 20 -LSB- . . -RSB- , and is more fun than the new expensive sequel .
 I 've been playing it for a few hours and I 'm hooked.It is a non-realistic physics racing game , but that 's the fun part . You get this `` boosts '' that last for a few seconds and propel you at 200mph . They 're really fun.The landscape is amazing , even though I 'm using and old RCA tube in 480p setting . Still the game looks great . Way better than the xbox console I used to have.I like the realistic crashes , in slo-mo . Awesome crap .
 The graphics are great and game play is fun.Tried to use the sixaxis with no real success . Was able to use it as long as I made sure I kept the controller level front to back . If it is not level you will start to nose dive or back flip when in the air . I usually play laying in bed , so it is hard to keep the controller flat . The mud splatter can get rather annoying at times , but I guess that is what it is meant to do.I have not played it an extreme amount yet . So I can not complain about redundancy .
 I first played Motorstorm as a demo in Wal-Mart and knew right away that I wanted this game , but i did n't have a Playstation3 at the time . So , once I got a PS3 , Motorstorm was at the top of my list . For those of you who like arcadey off-road racers , than Motorstorm is right up your alley . Its a visually appealing . There is a good vareity of vehicles to choose from -LRB- seven total classes -RRB- but its very limited in the intial track selection , of just eight right on the disc . The driving characteristics of each vehicle are fairly accurate . The bikes accelerate quick and get out of hand quick if you hit too many bumps . The heavier vehicles like the racing trucks and buggys are pretty decent all around type choices , and the big trucks are good to smash into other competitors and the mud , but take a long time to get up to speed . The racing is broken up into tickets , with each ticket having a certain amount of races that need to be run to complete it . you must finish third or better to move on . as you progress through each ticket , each race get more difficult and the AI get more advance , and aggravatingly so at times . The competition will deliberatly slam into you and drive you off a cliff , or spin you out at the last moment before winning . This could be a bad and good thing , but it certainly means you need to remain aware . More tracks are availble to download , as well as a few extra racing tickets that will really test your skills . Unfortunatly , some of the tracks available for download are only raceable online , or in the time attack mode , another download . All in all , the game is fun , but not a game I could sit and play for hours straight , especailly later in the game when it got aggravating . For a PS3 launch title , it left something to be desired , but its certainly got the racing right . More modes and some splitscreen multiplayer would have helped to . Motorstorm : Pacific Rift is coming soon , which is looking very good and is adding all the stuff the first Motorstorm lacked , so you may just want to hold off and get the second one .
 MotorStorm is a one-player game , unless you signup online . Then , it becomes a twelve-player game . Shame on a gaming company that charges over $ 60.00 for a single player game ... ESPECIALLY a freaking racing game ! It does not state anywhere on the package that it is a single-player game while not hooked up to the internet.Shame on MotorStorm 's authors ... Smacka
 I can not begin to explain the feeling you get when flying along the ridge of a mesa at break neck speeds , trying not to fly off !! Man this game rocks !!! The control is awesome the vehicles are awesome and each has thier own weaknesses and strenghts . The physics are also very very good . Now for why I do n't feel this is a truly-next gen game . Sony has made perfectly clear that they think thier system is better than any other and blu-ray is the ultimate format with near limitless possiblities . Now while the game lookes great , it is truly not amazing or breathtaking . You have only 8 tracks , and every one of them is some shade of brown . When every track is made up of the same colors and characteristics , whats taking up so much space ? Certaintly not the soundtrack which gets really repetative really quick . And it also is n't the people or items filling the background . Come on , are horribly rendered 2-D static spectators truly next-gen ? What about the helicopters in God Valley Mesa ? Is that what spinning proppellers look like?No I am afraid not . If it is not a vehicle or directly on the track it does n't look so good . The far backgrounds - bland , the sky - bland . I have seen better skys on PS2 . And you know its not the vehicles taking up space , there is a good variety and they do look good , but I have seen more variety and options on older games on DVD9 . Oh its the 1080P taking up the room and making it next-gen , right?Nope sorry folks its rendered in 720P . So what gives ? All along all I heard is this game can not possibly run on 360 only PS3 ? The only reason why that is true is because Sony paid for this exclusive , those developers did n't even -LRB- and I doubt they still have -RRB- , touched an 360 or even know what it is capible of . Over all this is a great racing game with tons of thrills , and it is probaly the best game PS3 has going for it right now . I just do n't see it as Sony promised it would be , a hands down showing of what next-gen is all about .
 Excellent gameplay and graphics . There 's a decent variety of vehicles , however , they do lack the ability to customize . As others have pointed out , a big flaw is the number of tracks . They are well done , with each one providing a different set of challenges , but there are only eight of them . The other big problem is a exploit that lets you use boost constantly without overheating your engine . This is really a problem in the online game -LRB- which is otherwise excellent , imho -RRB- , giving a big edge to those who know about the exploit .
 As a person who does not buy many racing games , I was surprised at how much I enjoyed Motorstorm . The single player is arguably bare-bones with one mode
 Over the top arcade style dirt racing at it 's very finest with true `` next gen '' graphics make this a solid addition to my small PS3 library . The lack of 2 player action does n't bother me because the gameplay is so wonderfully extreem . Highly reccomend for arcade racing fans . Takes the best elements of the burnout series and marries it to beautifully rendered mad max style desert terrain . It 's a hard game with a steep larning curve , but once you find your groove it 's as good as it gets for now . A rare exclusive for Sony that definately pulls it 's weight . Online feature is a blast , but the core gameplay is the true show stealer . Heart pumping races every time .
 For all you off road racers ... . THIS IS IT ! At least as of now ! After downloading the Demo , I new this was a must have ... but nothing compares to the actual game itself . The Graphics in HiDef are RIDICULOUS !!! Its best when played online , that way you can chat and talk smack to all the other players after you T-Bone them off a Cliff or hit them off there Bike . I have 4 other games and so far this one tops them all ! HAPPY GAMING !
 Simply put that was the best racing game I 've ever seen . The playability , graphics and physics are incredible , you get hooked right away . Also , the multiplayers network gaming experience is pretty robust , and work perfectly well with any standard blue tooth handsets paired with your PS3 .
 I downloaded the free demo for the PS3 via the Sony Store back in December and I was immediately hooked.The good : - Fast game play is very fast , similar to the arcade game Hydro Thunder . - Graphics are amazing and the game 's physics engine in awesome . Heavier cars will fly by the lighter cars in the mud but up on the hard pack surfaces , the heavy cars are slow and lethargic -LRB- if on a motorcycle or an ATV , the big rigs will crush you -RRB- . - Vehicle selection . You have lots of vechicles to choose from covering mud buggies , trucks , rally cars , big rigs , ATVs , and motorcycles . - Once you master the single player mode , go online and compete with the real experts . I thought I was good until I met that bunch.The not so good : - Load times are excessive . Have to wait - Single player mode has lots of repeat race courses -LRB- have only been playing for a few days but out of the first 15 races , I 've only played on 5 different courses.All in all though , this game is a blast .
 Well I guess I 'll add my two cents on Motorstorm . Most of everything has already been said so I 'll just add that this game is very addictive . The PS3 is the first system I 've had where I played anything online and with Motorstorm I 've found myself saying `` just one more race and I 'll put it down '' , two hours later it 's midnight and I 'm falling asleep at work the next day . The graphics are amazing . The game play is nice once you get the hang of the controls . Since I have no friends -LRB- nearby -RRB- , I do n't miss the fact that there 's no split screen multi-player racing . The load times can be a little long compared to other games I 've seen but the fun of the races makes up for it . Unless you just have to have multiplayer split screen racing I 'd say check this game out . It 's addictive fun.P.S . Am I the only one who 's afraid of heights and gets a chill every time my bike/car/truck goes barreling of a cliff ? Hint to developers ; a nice death scream would be cool for MS2 . If it was n't a `` T '' rated game I would even say some expletives would be too funny . What 's a car crash without an expletive or two , right ?
 I have never liked racing games but the beauty of Motorstorm sold me , plus the unbelievable physics in the game . The simple yet full of fun gameplay is addictive and the variety of vehicles makes racing the same tracks fun and not that monotonous . Online is great and 12 players at once is really fun . All of that said , if they had implemented the 2-8 player offline option it would 've made this game even better . Still , this is probably the only racing game I 'll get for the PS3 .
 If you own a PS3 , buy this game if for no other reason than to show off the graphics . I showed this game to a friend who had never seen a PS3 before . His reaction was priceless . It 's not just a pretty face , though . I love the premise of Motorstorm . You tear around Monument Valley in just about any off-road vehicle you can think of . I would 've liked to have seen more tracks -LRB- the biggest complaint everyone has about Motorstorm -RRB- but the ones that are there are great and -LRB- for the most part -RRB- follow multiple paths . The game is tough -LRB- it is way too easy to explode -RRB- , but the trick to completing it is finding the fastest line and race it every time -LRB- no matter what vehicle you 're in -RRB- . I was really disappointed when I completed Motorstorm , however . The credits roll and then ... nothing . No bonus vehicle , no extra races . I know it 's a 1st generation PS3 game , but c'mon , you got ta give me something . I 'm giving this game 5 stars just because it 's an absolute blast to play . I have n't had this much fun with a game in a long time . Some of the races are absolute chaos - you never know what you 're going to see . Your opponents will run into each other , go flying off cliffs , and explode in high fashion . It 's never scripted or staged , either . The AI in this game races like it wants to win . Online is tough , the gamers will run the fastest line and you 'll never catch them . It 's frustrating to know that you have no chance of winning 3 seconds into a race . Overall , it 's a beautiful , challenging and slighty flawed game . I had a smile on my face the entire time .
 This is what YOU Bought a PS3 for.The graphics are like nothing ever seen in a game before.The action is jaw dropping . I wish there was a repeat button so you could see the action over and over.This may be the greatest game I 've ever bought .
 This game will revolutionize the racing game . I 'm not a gamer and was won over by the sheer fun of being pitted against 12 players in online play . Must have game for PS3 .
 SERIOUSLY PEOPLE , I CANT BELIEVE HOW FUN THIS GAME IS ! PLAYING THIS GAME ONLINE IS THE GREATEST RACING EXPERIENCE IN GAMING THAT IVE EVER HAD . THIS GAME MAKES U CURSE MAKES YOU LAUGH ITS JUST AWOSOME , FUN , INTENSE , IT MADE ME THINK ON HOW HARDWARE POWER DOES MATTER BECAUSE I HAVENT SEEN ANYTHING THIS GOOD NOT EVEN GEARS OF WAR AND I KNOW THAT THEY ARE DIFFERENT CATEGORY 'S BUT GRAPHICS ARE GRAPHICS AND THESE ARE THE BOMB . SO IF U THINK ON PICKING THIS UP DONT HESITATE ESPECIALLY IF U GOT DSL SO THAT U COULD PLAY ONLINE AND IF YOU DONT HAVE A PS3 WELL THIS GAME WITH RESISTANCE , VIRTUA FIGHTER 5 ARE GREAT REASONGS TO PICK ONE UP . BEST GAME ON PS3 WELL ON PAR WITH RESISTANCE FALL OF MAN HEY WHAT ARE U DOING READING THIS GO AND ORDER . YAYAYAYAYAYAY .
 I tried out the Demo the other day and after watching the scenes of my truck wrecking several times I just HAD to go out and get the game . I 've always been a big fan of racing games , I have both Forza 2 and Dirt for the 360 - both of which I feel are excellent games.This game feels similar to Dirt arcade style racing , but I love the crash sequences a lot more in Motorstorm . When you get into a major crash the camera will actually start to pan around your vehicle in slow-motion as your engine explodes or your car starts to do barrel rolls into the side of a mountain.The graphics , despite noted on the box as 720p are still very good . No complaints about the controls either.Also the game has a wide selection of different types of vehicles . You can drive anything from a bike to an ATV , buggy , Big Rig , rally car , truck , etc.And the vehicles come equipped with a nice boost , or turbo , feature to really get some fast speeds or to jump far off ramps . Be careful though because if you keep holding the turbo button down for another second or two after the turbo-bar has been filled up you will actually blow your engine !!! -LRB- resulting in another cool looking crash sequence -RRB- . The AI is good from what I have seen so far . If you drive up next to one of the other vehicles they will actually try to drive/knock you off the road which I thought was awesome the first time I saw it.Also , 12-player online racing is available . Unfortunately it does not appear that you can play split-screen with friends though as I could not find that option when I had some friends over . That 's my only real minor complaint about the game.All in all I have found this game to be extremely fun , and definitely recommend it to racing fans , at least give the demo a try on the PS network .
 in short , this is my game of the year for 2007 . here is my review from my blog.so the time has come to give this game is proper space in my blog . a bit of background , this game is the reason i have a ps3 , and it is by far the best game to date on the system in my opinion . it is more pick up and play for the normal nub , and if you give it the ten seconds it deserves to learn the play then you really get swallowed into an insanely fun world.despite the above statements , this game does have its flaws . first off there is one horrible control setting that was chosen for the default settings . go to options , turn down the music or what not and then go to controls and choose the one where x is the gas o is the e-brake , etc. also , if you want to use the sixaxis , then you need to start with it until you get used to it , and as i say to everyone , you lock your elbows and move just your wrists.ok , so the game is jam packed full of 21 `` tickets '' meaning you have anywhere from 2-4 races that you need to beat . some will take you and hour or so to beat a single race , others will take one run through . one cool thing about this game is that there is not a difficulty setting . you start on easy and then go to normal then medium and then hard . one note , `` hard '' starts on ticket 14 , meaning you have 7 tickets to master the game basically . with every 2 or so tickets you get a car unlocked and by the end of the game you have at least 5 for each car class.now , for the actual game i have a few things that i dont like . first of all is the first person views . some are great and others are just a 1 inch view of a hood at the bottom of your screen or sometimes none at all . also , this game NEEDS a rear view mirror . on the same note , when you push r2 to view behind you from the front of your car it gives you an interesting view when in the first person mode . basically it locks it on the driver side tire , and you view it from the end of the bumper and along the entire driver side length of your car . a pretty cool view . there is one other issue with the main gameplay that bugs the piss out of me . ramps , and hit detection are terribly off . if your car is heavily damaged and you go off some ramps -LRB- you will know what ramps they are right of the way -RRB- and then your car magically goes into the hill instead of up the ramp . next hit detection problem is when you are in an atv or a small car like a buggy , your car will just get torn to shreds no matter what you hit or how fast you are going . be it a tap on a bumper or a boost into the rear of a car , i explode but that car doesnt even move at all.now for the a.i. , hmm . a little bit of paterns mixed in with a pissed off drunken trailer park hippie is a good way to put it . these morons will always run along certain patterns and you learn to use this to your benefit . one example is on the track `` tenderizer '' at the start going down the right side of the track you will go down the hill and the car in front of you will go off the big flat rock swerve to the right and then all the way back to the left usually hitting you on the last swerve . it gets annoying , just boost past it and remember where the bots go so that you dont get pushed into a rock.the overall concept of the game is amazing , the idea of racing in the desert with atvs , cars , and big rigs came out of no where and i was instantly hooked . about half the cars wont interest you -LRB- especially mud pluggers -RRB- and you will see a car and instantly be attracted to it and perfect it -LRB- Ex
 This a deep offroad racing game with eight extremely well created courses that test the skills any racer . While many people complain about the number of courses available , each course is expertly designed and allow for multiple ways to race through a lap . It is rare to go through a course exactly the same time in a race.Visually , this game is stunning . Running at full 720p , the cars , and the environment especially , look incredibly realistic . In fact , the courses change every lap because of different layers of ground that are churned up . For instance , the first lap you may be driving in compacted dirt while the last lap you 're driving in deep mud.The game iteself , however , is very bare bones . There are only two options when you want to race
 Motorstorm gives you a variety of interesting vehicles racing on the same muddy track . Race a motorcycle against a large truck , and see who comes out on top!The graphics in this game are just stunning . The details in the canyon ridges , the scrubs and shrubs along the path , the tiny details on the vehicles , are are rendered in amazing detail . We sat and watched MANY crahes just to marvel at how well done the physics were , how the tiny pieces of the vehicle sprang apart and bounded along the path.The sound is a heavy metal rock beat . This will be great if you love this kind of music - or will get quickly very annoying if you do n't . The solution is of course just to turn down the music and play your own if you 're not into it . Problem solved pretty quickly.Gameplay is fascinating because of the wide variety of vehicles involved . Most games have buggies against buggies , or racecars against racecars . In this one you can choose motorcycles , ATVs , buggies , race cars , trucks , jeeps , and a variety of other vehicles . The tracks are set up with a high , medium and low path . The heavier vehicles can plow through the mud and take the easier route . The lighter vehicles need to skirt along the canyon edges , taking advantage of their small size.This is super in theory - but in practice there are only a small number of courses , and each type of vehicle really only does well on its own set track . So unlike some racing games where there are a variety of paths and options you can take for victory , for here it 's more like there are interweaving tracks and you have to stay on `` yours '' if you want to win . It 's still fun of course , but it could have been much better by really giving you multiple options.Another real downside here is that there is NO LOCAL MULTIPLAYER . The package says 1-12 players but they mean solely online . I really think packages should list local and online separate on their packaging so there is no confusion . I opened this up wanting to have some fun races against my boyfriend - but we could n't ! To me , that really takes away from the fun of a game , if it 's this sort of multiplayer game but the only let you play online.Still , if you 're the type of person who only plays single player - or someone who thrives in the online environment - this game really is a LOT of fun . The physics are simply amazing . You could use this game in physics classes to explain various actions and interactions.Great fun - but I 'd really like to see a Motorstorm 2 that had local multiplayer and more courses .
 I first saw this game at a local Sony Style store where a customer was playing it on the store 's demo PS3 . I was really impressed . A couple weeks later I found the teaser version on the PS Network and downloaded it . It was really a lot of fun . So I bought the game.MotoStorm is a one-of-a-kind racer that gives you all the highs you want from a game racer . As many have commented out , the best part are the crashes ... esp . when they are catastrophic . The explosions are gorgeously rendered in real time , as is the rest of the hi-def graphics . The speed -- and the associated adrenaline rush -- are exactly what a gamer wants in a game . In the fun arena , no other game beats this one.Unfortunately the game is ultimately a short one . With only eight tracks and one single-player mode , it 's bound to get boring . I 'm still enjoying the solo experience but I can imagine very soon I 'll start playing online . But I doubt I 'll be hooked for too long , unlike , say , NFS Carbon . The mitigating aspect is , of course , I can always pick up this game any time and have a blast -LRB- pun intended -RRB- with it . I just wish the designers had made this a better , deeper game .
 I 've been playing the demo for about a month now . Truly amazing . The graphics are a step up from the PS2 , but the physics of the crashes is where the game really shines . Every crash swithches into instant slo-mo and each piece of debris as well as the driver bounce and interact with everything . One time , the driver of the motorcycle got thrown and got run over by a car , and then got caught up in the engine compartment of that car and got dragged 100 yds , only to come off and then get creamed by another car ! . A definite must own ! . The music is great as well .
 Everyone who says this game sucks without giving it any credit is definitely and without a doubt a microsoft xbox360 fan boy and basically just jelous because Motorstorm is truely amazing , and in my opinion takes graphics and physics to a completely different level . The truck handles awesome and the controls are wonderful . The graphics are beyond describable if you put this game on an HDTV . Microsoft fan boys will always continue to bash on PS3 . Just ignore them . this game is awesome . I think this is the first game that shows the potential power of PS3 . Buy it and enjoy !!!
 Well , with a high definition big screen , this game is superb . I 've been playing games for years and even after only playing a few hours of this , I know this is going to be one of the best games for PS3 now or in a year . The graphics , the online play , the excitement , all make for amazing gameplay .
 These are the experiences I have been waiting to have on my PS3 . When I originally saw this game nearly two years ago I was gasping for breath . Although the final version has come pretty close . This game is really for everyone because it 's plain fun . Whether you have been playing race games your whole life or you are new to gaming . The point of the game is to get dirty.Although this game has a limited amount of tracks it 's what you can do on the tracks that makes it amazing . There is almost no limit to the options on each track . Finding the most suitable course for your vehicle is the challenge . I find myself almost pausing the game just to view the detail . The detail from the vehicles and the environment . For a first generation PS3 game this leaves me wondering graphically how it can be one upped . Everything in this game is amazing actually almost incredible.Now I have talked about the mud and now I will talk some more . Obviously you vehicle will be dirty and the only way to play against the opponents is dirty . That is another reason to be careful of the vehicles you do choose . What keep this game so challenging is that on easy course you may be up against atv 's and Big Rigs . You do n't realize how intimidating that is until they are trying to ram you into a canyon wall . Although with a little boost you can muster your way out . What makes having a motorcycle or atv fun is the hand gestures and punching your character will do to their opponents . Although it 's not always good to get the guy driving the Big Rig mad as he will come after you.What I have found is that single player is one of the most challenging gaming experiences I have had . There is no easy level just as there is no hard . As you advance in the game the challenge only becomes harder and harder . The game gives you four levels and each level comprises of tickets . Now each one of those tickets has one to four races on it . The object is to finish each ticket . This is what keeps the game a steady challenge . Some of the races just seem odd as you are in a motorcycle taking on Big Rigs . It may seem intimidating but that 's where you learn your skills.Now if single player gets a little tough or if you fly through it there is always online . The online setup allows for 12 racers . What keeps this a lot of fun is the constant challenge . As now you are racing against people . Although what I have found is the computer A.I. is some of the most advanced in any game . So sometimes taking on people can be a bit easier . That will be for you to see.In closing I would say this is an obvious fit for anyone who owns a PS3 . This is the type of game that will leave you wanting more . Evolution studios has done a good enough job to keep everyone in the game ... Get out there and Motorstorm .
 The levels are beautiful . Great vehicles , great music . High flying jumps are great fun . Even crashing is a good time .
 As a fan of the PS2 ATV Offroad Fury series I was looking forward to PS3 MotorStorm being better in every way . It surpassed my expectations in game play fun , interactions with other vehicles & the environment , multiple routes through terrain , and of course the rightfully touted beautiful graphics and deforming vehicles & track.On the downside , the absence of a split-screen multiplayer mode for offline duelling with friends is sorely missed . It makes the game a selfish single-player-per-home pleasure . To its credit , the online mode is marvellously simple to use , adding some unpredictable opponents who may choose to play for speed or for demolition derby fun . I 've not yet used the bluetooth headset option , but I 'm happy to see that unlike some online games , audio from those with headsets is heard by all players , even those without headsets.While I enjoy the raucous music tracks in moderation , their homogenous frentic style becomes grating after an hour of play . They are easily turned down or off.Buy this game . It rocks !
 I usually do n't like racing games , but I 'll make an exception on this one . The graphics might be the best so far on next gen hardware but it 's not just looks . The game also involves some strategy because you need to understand the track and what vehicle is best for it . If you know the tracks easiest way is through mud then it 's a good idea to get a larger vehicle like a big rig or a mud plugger.The offline mode could of used multi-player split screen big time . But it serves as training as it takes you through the same tracks over and over with different vehicles and difficult levels . Once you get good then it 's just fun and relaxing but still challenging . The graphics are eye candy and the desert tracks and backgrounds are nice to look at , the tracks also have changing time and weather effects like day and night . Going throw single player mode will also unlock more vehicles you can use . Of course a lot of people give it major knocks for not having offline split screen and using the same eight tracks over and over.Online , the relaxing ends and you 're up for a major challenge against other people . Depending on the game your in , the moderator selects the track for each race and what type of vehicles you can select from . All in all , it 's a good game but the real feature is the power of the games graphics and physics .
 Great gameplay and graphics , only 8 tracks but they are incredibly detailed and depending on the vehicle you can run the same track through completely different routes making the feeling of 8 tracks not so badIs obvious that this game was rushed , it was a good job but a sequel is needed and I hope they will being working on it shortly ! I gave it 4 of 5 because is extremly fun and the physhics are one of the most real ever seem , if you like Burnout or Need for Speed ... you should get this one ! P.S
 MOTORSTORM IS THE BEST ps3 GAME EVER TO HIT THE SHELVES , I 'VE PLAYED THE DEMO AT TARGET AND BEST BUY . I COULD NOT STOP PLAYING IT ! THE GRAPHICS ARE SUPERB . AND THE CARS ARE AWESOME ! YOU CAN DRIVE RALLY CARS , -LSB- MY FAVORITE -RSB- BUGGYS , RACING TRUCKS , MX BIKES AND AND THE MIGHTY BIG RIGS !! MY FAVORITE FEATURE IS YOU CAN CHOOSE A VEHICLE ON THE GRID BEFORE THE RACE STARTS . IF YOU HAVE A PS3 AND ARE LOOKING FOR A RACING GAME . THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU !
 I 've played this game , and it is awesome ! The race tracks are crystal clear , and the whole game has amazing graphics ! Best PS3 game so far !!!!!
 this game is so much fun it isnt even funny . it is challenging and there is so much variation you can get out of each track . but there is the problem - there are eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- ... eight tracks . given , they are awesome , every one of them , but that is a huge limit on how much there is . if you have broadband then the online is awesome . if you dont , then you only have the same race to do over and over and over again after you finish the single player .
 i have read some reviews about this game before i buy it . i am not going to make it long . they are true.The gameplay is simply amazing , i just wish there were a couple more mode to experience it . online play is fun as well with 12 players.overall , the gameplay and the physics are so realistic that makes the game unbelievably fun , after playing more than half of the game i can summarize this in one word , CRAZY . . !
 I have been waiting to get this game since downloading the demo on PS3 MARKETPLACE a while back . The graphics are amazing - the play is just plain dirty fun ! You can almost smell the exhaust from the ATV 's and feel the mud cake your face ! The races are fast and furious where anything goes on the way to the finishline . Think of the chase/race in the Road Warrior / Mad Max series and you 'll have a pretty good idea of what to expect.There 's been a few complaints about the depth of the game - Gran Turismo it 's not . I do n't think it 's a fair comparison because it 's not designed to be a driving SIM - it 's designed to be a fun , high horsepower romp through rough hills & muddy bogs ! In my opinion , the best PS3 game to date -LRB- also own Madden , Resistance , Marvel Alliance & Sonic - have played demos for the rest -RRB- !
 Great graphics , great soundtrack , loads of fun for everyone in the family .
 This game is aswome . Totally fun . And for the guy that posted `` the odds of rolling or smashing are so high that actually winning is considered impossible '' is a noob ! I played my first track , never seen it before , won the first race . Get this game !
 I bought the game used expecting it to be scratched so that way if it was i wouldnt be as dissapointed , but it was in perfect condition not one scratch ! I almost thought i bought the new and not used one lol
 MotorStorm is the best PS3 game by far so far and one of the best in general overall on any console . I own only two PS3 games -LRB- I bought my PS3 more for Blu Ray movies and own a 360 for gaming -RRB- and MotorStorm is the only PS3 game that I absolutly love , love , love ! I 've always been an Xbox fanboy but I got ta admit that went it came to racing games Sony 's Gand Tourismo racing games always took the cake and now with MotorStorm it took the cake , scarfed it down and did n't get fat from eating it . I now find all other racing games boring and why would n't I. Even though the car models and racing experience are ultra reallistic in Grand Tourismo they 're not realistic enough to include dectruction in them . And how can you compare racing on regular urban streets to driving on insane , rough and tumble desert terrain like , mesas , canyon valleys and such where you can jump and sour through the air and onto other vehicles . Its true , there are only about 7 to 8 orginal race tracks in the whole game and the rest are raced backwards and or with limite vehicles . But man , these race tracks are entertaining as hell ! The graphics in the game are also amazing , I 've never seen dust in motion done so well and have crashed many times admiring that and other things while blazing through many races . The vehicles fall apart with every contact , with debris flying all over the place , I always get a thrill to see a car land right in front of me and have to swerve around it , just like in the best action movies . This game is like a vritual action racing movie . The soundtrack is also killer and I usually turn down the music volume on most games but not on this one . Yes , things get harder as you go , Im currently playing Level 4 races but for some reason I do n't mind their difficulty , I still get a sky high thrill everytime I come in first , second and even third place . In fact , with all of the great 360 games currnelty out right now , MotorStorm is my vice of choice almost every time .
 great game one of THE most graphic intensive games on a console to date fun gameplay as well alittle tricky with the motion sensitivity and real vehical physics but overall a 9.5 out of 10
 Great package ! I am a new PS3 player . Challenging racing with numerous racing vehicles in contant changing terrain . I love the number of different vehicles available to a new player . I ca n't stop playing trying to win each race with a different vehicle . I ca n't wait for the next version . The experiences are all so realistic in this version .
 The online and offline gaming is great , and the offline is cool too.If you master the tracks and get used to the game , get cool grades and play with other good players on online.Master the game and get it all !
 I have had alot of fun with this game and I am far from beating it . Plus there is plenty of DLC for it . I 'll admit that COD4 leaves me little time for anything else , but when I need my racing fix , I reach for Motorstorm .
 My `` Title '' for this review is correct in my opinion . I love the game play and on-line mode ... stayed up for hours playing this game . I ordered the Dualshock 3 controller and makes game play that much better . If your looking for a new game then try this one out .
 Motor Storm is a really fun racing game ... Will it stand up to the GT series games , maybe not , but , if you like mud/dirt track , and dune buggy type racing , it 's a fun game!Pro 's : It 's fun knocking other racers off the track , the graphics are really good , overall gameplay is great , and easy to use the controller , high jumps , turbo - boost feature , dirt , mud on camera lens ... etc etcCon 's : As much fun as the game is -LRB- initially -RRB- , I have a feeling it might get boring after a while ... Then again , some people really LOVE racing games , and might think otherwise ... just my opinion ! : -RRB-
 I 'm not really into racing games , actually I do n't really like ... But since this game came with the PS3 I bought some months ago , I have to admit I have played a lot . I really liked the game , The graphics are fantastic , the races are fun -LRB- it 's something between and simulator and an arcade -RRB- and the game play is fantastic . The only con is that there are only 8 tracks -LRB- with several ways each , but only 8 -RRB- and no multi-player off-line . Anyway , I think it 's a worthy I try . I liked it.Be aware
 I have had the game for a few weeks now and really like it . The graphics are great and the sound track is just as intense as the gameplay and really gets you into the mood of the game . The courses are demanding and require your focused attention to win . An error usually sends you off a cliff or exploding into a boulder or other obstacle . At first I used the SIXAXIS controls , but it was too hard to make fine adjustments , especially for motorcycles . You can buy additional tracks from the Playstation store in case you get bored with the ones that came with the game.My biggest problem with the game is that there is no 2-player mode -LRB- you can play on-line , but not with someone in the room -RRB- . Also , there is no option to turn the soundtrack off which could annoy people who have to hear the same songs over and over .
 MotorStorm is simply put a tour de force of off-road racing.Everything in this game is ` next-generation ' ; from the gritty car models to the beautifully rendered vistas , to the online multiplayer races.MotorStorm features a slew of different vehicles each with their own handling characteristics and advantages and disadvantages . You 'll race as a big rig barreling through mud and competition alike or as an ATV carefully maneuvering in between obstacles , or how about as a rally car blasting along at high speed , or even a motorcycle where it 's necessary to avoid other vehicles and mud and instead sticking to cliff ledges and jumps . The unique aspect to MotorStorm is that it mixes all of these elements together and it works . The game is challenging but rewarding . You 'll learn different terrain features of tracks and learn where to use those features to the advantage of the vehicle you are using.Mud , cliffs , and jumps are all important features in this game . Lightweight vehicles are fast but fragile and do n't perform well in mud . Heavy vehicles are slow and more difficult to maneuver but can slam through the lighter vehicles and breeze through muddy obstacles.The graphics are breath taking and will make you gasp on when you are on the cusp of going over the edge crashing down to a valley bellow . The tracks feature deforming terrain that will become more and more challenging to traverse as you race . Tracks will also increase in challenge featuring everything from sheer cliffs to jumps and fast straightaways.MotorStorm also features one of the best soundtracks I have heard for a racing game . Featuring bands like Glucifer , Wolfmother and Queens of the Stone Age , the music fits the game perfectly and ramps up as the racing gets extreme.Online play features a thriving community even after being on the market for so long . Frequent events and online racing leagues keep MotorStorm alive . The Sony Playstation Network also features several track and vehicle packs available for download that extend the single player experience.A must buy for the race fan !
 Based on the demo , this is the best game available for the PS3 . The graphics are incredible and the wrecks are great to watch -LRB- pieces of vehicle flying everywhere -RRB- . Ca n't wait for the full version to come out ...
 I ca n't beilive seeing these negative reviews , this game is amazing ! the graphics are nearly true to life , and the gameplay is superb , do n't beilive the negative reviews I challenge you to see for yourself this game is amzing .
 This is one of the best PS3 games around and Xbox cant have it HA HA !!!
 It 's my first game , and I still play . This game delivers tons of adrenaline and fun .
 Great graphics on a 1080P 61 ' . Controls are easy to learn . The depth of this game is very good and the soundtrack is great also . A definite must have for the PS3 .
 Originally designed for Windows ME/98/95 , also Mac OS 8.1 or higher .
 Hamsterz life is a fun game with lots of neat things to do and places to go . I think that any kid who likes animals , especially hamsters , will enjoy this game .
 Hello I 'm an autistic adult gamer.This is my review on Hamsterz Life for Nintendo DS.Well I got this game through a trade let me explain . See me & my friend at church decided to trade games that we both hate . I have a couple of games here & there that I do n't like & she -LRB- my friend -RRB- has a couple of games she does n't like . So we figured the best solution was to trade the games we just plain out do n't like . Well I got Hamsterz Life - DS for my game & I gave her a shrek game . I love Hamsterz Life - DS . It is so cute . I only just started playing yesterday . But I love the game already the hamster talks to you & you get to play cool mini games . Personally I do n't understand why my friend wanted to trade this game . But I do n't care because I love the game . It is so much fun & has so many different activies & things to do in it . & the little hamster even tells you when he or she is tired & the game has a clock in it like in National Geographic 's
 Great game for the young gamer in your family ! My 3 year old LOVES this game !!! She wanted something that she could play since generally speaking her older sister -LRB- and dad -RRB- hogs the Nintendo DS system . This game is great for her !!! She ca n't read yet , and has no problems . She could play this game for HOURS !!! Very simple , perfect for the young kids ! WHO CARES about Hampsterville or whatever everyone is complaining about ... . your kids will have a blast simply playing with their hampsters !! Side Note
 My 6 year old has been asking for a hamster , but we have two cats . So I thought this would be a close second . She loves all the hamsters - she has 6 -LRB- though the instructions say you can have 4 or 5 -RRB- ! It 's fun getting new cages , toys and accessories for them . They even GROW ! Do n't tell , but I even enjoy playing it from time to time . Reminds me of when I had hamsters growing up .
 They love all the things you can do with their hamsters . . They play it for hours . . Would recommend it for any young child that loves animals . .
 I purchased this DS game for my 8 year old daughter . She loves it , and so do I . It is a very light-hearted depiction of hamsters . Our favorite part of the game is the way that the hamsters talk to you . They say really cute , engaging statements , out of the blue , like , `` What you do when you see a cat and your heart almost stops ? '' My daughter thinks the hamsters are really funny , and she enjoys teaching them and buying them enriching items for their cages . One of our favorites is a roller coaster where the hamsters get a little dizzy . For a lot of fun , I would recommend this game to other lower elementary age children .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter for Christmas . She asked Santa for NDS and a hamster . There was no way I was going to buy a real hamster for her , so I thought that this was a good alternative . She loved it and has figured out most of the features of the game on her own . FYI , the game requires some reading but she figured it out what to do after I read the bits once/twice .
 It 's so much fun ! I 'll have it on while I 'm doing homework . I love the little hamster and watching them play . My favorite is playing the minigames ! You can have up to 6 hamsters . It cool ! A + + + + +
 I bought this game for my daughter because she liked the Dogz game . She thinks this game is just as good . She is 13 and does n't get bored with it . I recomend this game !!
 You can get as many hamsters as you want but there is not alot to do in the game . The hamsters are cute but they say the same things over and over again . You teach them words and wait till they grow larger . You can teach them how to use toys like the xylaphone , the slide , a barrel , a wand , and a nawing toy . But there still is n't much to do .
 This game does a fairly good job of simulating hamster behavior -LRB- except for the fact that they can talk , of course -RRB- . The hamsters ' movements and antics are realistic.Gameplay can be a little boring , though . After you feed and groom your hamster , you ca n't really do anything until it decides to play . It would be better if you could play mini games whenever you want , rather than having to wait about 15 minutes for your hamster to get in the mood for games.The ` ham country ' thing is n't in the game , but I ca n't say that I really care.Another negative
 I bought this game for my 8 year old daughter . She picked it because a friend of hers has one and she got to play with it a little and liked it . I 'm only giving it a 4 because I 've never played it myself but my daughter says she loves it and plays with it for hours . She is very bright and loves animals . If this describes you or the person for whom you are buying the game , then go for it .
 I bought this game for my 7 yr . old son to play and he says it 's okay . He gets bored with it very easily . I 'm a little disappointed at the fact that there is no `` ham country '' . The only 2 environments that the hamsters can go are
 I bought this game for my daughter who is 11 years old and a huge animal lover ! The game is a lot of fun , but beware when the hamsters get too old they die ! Yikes ! I found my daughter crying over a dead computer hamster !
 My daughter loved it and it has mini games . It is worth the price , daughter plays it all the time . It is like a virtual pet .
 This is a cute game for young children . You get a hamster and then have to take care of it -LRB- water , food , fun etc -RRB- . My daughter loves it , but it can get rather boring after a while .
 my daughter wanted a real hamster but we were unable to get one so got her the game and she loves playin it .
 According to the Q&A ; area of Ubi-soft 's website , there is no Ham-country per se . They say that the cage is Ham-country because it is a school -LRB- you teach the Hamsterz there -RRB- , a bakery -LRB- you feed them from the food menu -RRB- , etc. . I think I would be happier had they just said that it was n't included in the programming rather than trying to make it sound like the customers are all mistaken . Some people are going around claiming that you have to play the game for 72 hours to get Ham-country . However , I have it from the source that this is false and I do n't recommend wasting 3 days of your life unless you truly enjoy the game.Now , for a review of what is included in the game . I find it cute and my children all find it fun to play in small doses . A few of the mini games could be frustrating for younger children -LRB- and Mom -RRB- , but my 7 year-old is able to tackle all of them . He is a very computer literate child though , so your mileage may vary . All in all , the controls are very intuitive , so there should n't be a problem.You can not buy food and supplies . To get them you have to play mini games -LRB- only when the Hamster is in the mood -RRB- or find presents . When the Hamster asks if you want to play , you will see musical notes . Go to the main menu -LRB- i.e. so the Hamster is on the top screen -RRB- and press the button that appears with a musical note in it . If the kids have trouble playing the mini-games to get food and items , encourage them to use `` Outing '' then `` Open Cage '' to collect presents in the `` bedroom . '' If your Hamster is hungry or thirsty and you have no food or drink items , I suggest adopting another Hamster . When you switch with `` Hammy '' the hunger and cleanliness of the Hamsterz will revery to `` normal / normal . '' That way you can get more supplies without having a tortured and complaining hamster -LRB- did I mention they complain ? -RRB- . You can have more than one Hamster , but only play with one at a time and they do not interact with each other.Speaking of complaining ... One of my favorite features of the game is that the Hamsterz will converse with you . My kids love it and it encourages my 5 and 4 year-olds to read . They have already picked up on some phrases like `` Good Evening . '' With that in mind , the breeds all have different dialog accents -LRB- Australian , baby-talk , etc -RRB- so you may have to explain this to early readers . My kids get the biggest kick out of the voice recognition . This feature is very well done . We have had no problems at all with settings , background noise , or changing settings for more than one user -LRB- completely unnecessary for Hamsterz -RRB- . The holidays included with the game have strange -LRB- often culinary -RRB- names , so expect questioning as to why your child does n't have A holiday from school on `` Miso Day '' or `` Strawberry Day . `` All in all , this is a fun `` pet '' game . My kids love it with or without Ham-country and I let them `` take out '' their hamsterz to play with and take care of for a half hour a night after dinner . That way , they are getting the most out of the program without getting easily bored . They received it on Christmas and still look forward to Hammy time every night . The only reason I have it less than 5 stars is because I do not care for the misinformation on their advertising regarding `` Ham-country . ''
 I am a ten year old who recently Had her hamster die.Rather than buy a new Hamster we got this Game.It acts like my old hamster.She looks just like her too.My Hamster has been growing and growing and today I just received a roller coaster.I love the game and would totally recommend it!I like it way better than any of my other games.The hamster game is better than the dog game.sincerely Mocha
 My daugther , Grace , got this game for her 6th birthday . She loves it . She has three hamsters in the game now , named , and she can buy them accessories , feed them and talk to them . It 's really cute and easy enough for a beginner at DS to learn quickly .
 I wanted this game for a while , and , of course , reading the Amazon reviews gave me seconnd thought . Even though there may not be a Ham-Country , the game is still fun all-in-all . I think people who like Nintendogs will like it best , because it 's quite like it.To be honest , I got bored with Nintendogs after a while , but it 's one of those games where you sorta 're - discover ' it after a bit and play it again.That 's what I 'm thinking this game is like . I 've only had it for a few days , so I ca n't give you a completely acurate low-down on how long it takes to get boring.But , personally , I still think there is a Ham-Country , because my friend told me she has it . Maybe she has the Japanese version , -LRB- she can speak it -RRB- because I 've been told Ham-Country exists in LoveLove Hamster.But all in all , the game will be fun for people who are into either animals or Nintedogs.-RileyP . S. I only gave it 4 stars cause ' it doesnt have the makings of a 5 star game .
 This game is perfectly alright . Who cares if there 's a Ham Country or not ? Some people do , but seriously , even if there is n't one , it 's fine . It 's fun to take care of a hamster , even if it is a virtual one . Some people do n't want to go out and get a real hamster . This hamster does n't bite or get sick . It can talk and you can play games with it . I would like to have a real one , but this suits me just fine too . I do n't get why people are getting so mad about the Ham Country thing . It 's just a game . If you 're not satisfied , scrap this and go get LoveLove Hamster . It might be better , but that 's your opinion . This game is fun and I totally recommend it . I think that the English that they have typed onto there is poorly translated , but I think it 's cute as well . If a hamster could talk in real life , what do you think it would talk like ? More like a baby . I think it 's really cute that your hamster asks you if you 're alright . There are holidays and really enjoyable games that keep you to the screen for a long time . The hamster acts like a real animal , and has realistic needs . I rate this game 5 stars because it 's fun and is just what it says
 My 11 year old daughter loves this game . She says it is the most fun game she has ever played . She gets on it every day to check on her hamster . She love the fact that she can pick and name her own hamster . my daughter named hers Trixie . I would definitly recomend this game for any child that loves animals .
 Purchased for my daughter in combo with a new DS . Did n't think this would be her favorite but she absolutely loves it . She also has one of the Nintendogs games and loves it as well . She plays both games equally .
 My 10 year old dau . loves this game . She enjoys taking care of her `` hamster '' and bringing him to life . The item was priced appropriately , shipped , and well received by all .
 I got this game for Christmas from my Grandma . It is very cute and fun . Everyone hates this game because they think there 's no Ham Country . Well there is !!!! You just have to wait until your hamster grows up , the game will show it getting bigger and bigger . If you think that there is only your ham 's cage and your room , you W.R.O.N.G. ! I have 7 hamsters and 3 of them just got bigger today.I 'm sick of one or two star ratings of this game . It 's your opinon , but I just love this game . If you like video games and love hamsters , save up your money and buy this game NOW !!! Like I said , it 's cool ! : ' -RRB-
 this is a great game for any girl or boy and teaches responsiblity about caring for a pet
 My BFF has this game for over 2 months , and she has the playcround ! The truth though , is this
 This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she loves it .
 This sequel to Serrated Scalpel is definitely worth your time ! Whether you 're a hardcore Sherlock Holmes fan , a mystery lover , or a Victorian-era enthusiast , this is the game for you.The story is very deep , but very engaging -LRB- you really must take notes to keep the facts straight -RRB- . The atmosphere of this game is entrancing , making sure you 'll find yourself immersed in the Victorian London . The dialog is witty witty and the characters are quirky . Best of all , the characters , plot , and locations are well within the realm of the original Sherlock Holmes stories . Hardcore fans wo n't find themselves rolling their eyes at all.There are only two drawbacks to this game :1 . If you get stuck , it is very time-consuming to visit all of your locations to be sure you did n't miss anything .2 . The routine Sherlock and Watson go through every time you enter and exit 223B becomes tiresome after the first few times.Overall , this game is totally worth paying for . If you can find a copy for under $ 50 , buy it ! If not , you 'll have to decide what your willing to pay for one of the best Sherlock computer games ever created .
 First of all let me state that I have played almost all Sherlock Holmes games except Sherlock Holmes vs Jack the Ripper and the puzzle games that are made for mobile phones . With that being said the Case of the Rose Tattoo is by far the best of them all , followed closely by it 's predecessor , the Case of the Serrated Scalpel.The Case of the Rose Tattoo is a very complex case which begins with an explosion at the infamous Diogenes Club and the subsequent injury of Mycroft Holmes . A very distressed Sherlock initially wallows in his own sorrow but then decides to take matters into his own hands since Lestrade once again proves inadequate . After discovering that the explosion was caused by an incendiary device he begins to untangle a complex web which will lead to a confrontation with many powerful adversaries ... Despite the complexity of the plot , the main deductions are done by Sherlock himself as the game progresses . The characters and the plot are very well designed . In fact I have never seen a better plot in a mystery game or Sherlock Holmes movie . What is also amazing is the vast amount of information present inside the game about Victorian England . The game designers really paid attention to historical accuracy and it shows.Two words of caution :1 -RRB- Before playing this game I recommend playing -LRB- or seeing a YouTube walkthrough of -RRB- the Case of the Serrated Scalpel . It is just as good as this one and , since it preceeds the Case of the Rose Tatoo , some things will not make sense to you if you do n't play it .2 -RRB- There IS the occasional pixel hunting in the game as well as some frustrating interconnection where you sometimes have to `` look '' at a certain item to `` unlock '' a dialogue option and proceed . All this can make the game frustrating sometimes but overall a mystery game is first and foremost dependent on the plot . And that 's why I 'm giving this game five stars.The game is afoot !
 This is a wonderful product . It uses 2 AA batteries rather than Logitech 's earlier design which used 4 . I 've used it nonstop since I first bought it , and everyone who tries it sings it 's praises . Get it . Get it now .
 If you need a game for lots of people with tons of replay level , then the Point Blank Series is the one for you . For all of you wondering , this game does work with the PS2 because thats what im using it on . And forgot about buying this game without the Guncon because then you would think that game is the most stupidest game ever . The Guncon is the most accurate gun out there for the Playstations because it actually connects to your tv and takes a `` snapshot '' of the screen . This lets it have accuracy down to one pixel . Well on to the game . The game is very fun . It is a shooting gallery type of game were there are 80 games . There is NO LOAD TIME . I did not see any . It is a great game so if you have the money and the need for a great multiplayer game , then this is for you . WARNING
 I play this game on one of the big old PS2 machines with my PS1 Guncons . For some inexplicable reason , this edition is harder to gun-calibrate than the first two editions , because most of my shots wo n't even register . Once calibrated , however , all shots seem to register fine while playing . A fun game that even holds up against my favorite PS2 games . But as with Point Blank 2 , I hate the game-style selection menus . Too many confusing nested possibilities -LRB- arcade , party , quest , training , beginner , endurance , blahblahblah -RRB- . I just want to shoot stuff . Also , it might be me , but the pre-game instructions seem to fly by faster , so I miss them more often than the first two editions .
 This game is great . You get to shoot tons of stuff in over 80 different levels.There 's even a level based on the arcade game Galaxian . You must buy this game .
 It 's a fun game and it does not take a long time to learn . The music gets anoing after a while but it 's great to play with a friend and is is worth buying .
 This is one of the best shooters with one of the best multi-player modes ever and 80 + games the fun never ends !!! If you dont get a guncon -LRB- witch is a playstation light gun -RRB- the game is horrible . But with a Guncon it is the perfect game !
 If you a fan of old school shooters and I mean shooters NOT DOOM . This is a collector 's item used or new however you get this .
 Codemasters hyped this game for months before release with numerous screen shots and talk of the new and improved physics model , damage model , and everything else . Maybe if they had n't been telling us how great this game ... errr , simulation ... was going to be then perhaps it would have lived up to the promises . Oh yeah , let 's also pretend that Forza Motorsport never existed and had n't set a high benchmark for others to match.This game is decent but it is by no means the ultimate in racing simulation . The sheer variety of cars and racing genres offered in TOCA 3 are what really saves this game . The damage model is indeed very good as well.The major drawback as I see it is that the handling physics for the cars are not what they could be . Yes , the cars all handle differently but they still seem to lack the ` feel ' and feedback that you would get from other great driving sims such as Forza and Colin McRae Rally . What you end up with is something between Forza and Gotham 2 . I bit sim , a bit arcade , and a bit disconnected . At times you feel a bit as if you 're floating rather than driving a race car on a race track ... I should note that this is with the game in PRO SIM settings which in theory should make things better.The other problem ? This is n't really leaps and bounds ahead of what TOCA 2 offered in terms of game play . I 've heard numerous comments online from others saying they thought TOCA 2 had better graphics and in some instances handling characteristics . I just ran a back to back test of the Global GT light series in both TOCA 2 and 3 at Brands Hatch and can confirm that in some ways TOCA 2 is nicer . The car is certainly more anchored in TOCA 3 and feels less floaty but you feel more feedback off the racetrack surface in TOCA 2 . In TOCA 3 it seems as if you only feel the corner rumbles strips and the rest is up to you to guess when your tires are about to let go . Graphis are indeed very similar between the two games . Flip a coin?Online play
 I 'll keep this short
 My Name is Sandy Buchanan . Most mini-games are neat and cool . If you have had this game for a month + , you should have unlocked most mini games . There are several different types of mini games . The first and most common mini-games are four player mini games which are usually free for alls . There are 20 of these games to unlock . Next are 2vs2 games . These divide the four players into two groups with two players each . Next are 1vs3 games . This series holds my personal favorite -LRB- Ridiculous Relay -RRB- . The rest of the mini game types are Duel , Battle , Item , Game Guy and ??? . The only games I hate are all the Game Guy games , and Merry-Go-Chomp . All five are based on Luck and the chances of winning Merry-Go-Chomp are 1,000,000,000 to nothing . So stay away from these games .
 This is a great Game . Compared to the first or second one this one is much better . There are over 70 minigames to play and it includes a story mode and a party mode . This game is great for multiplayer but not good for single player . In the single player mode the comps are either too easy or too hard and since the only human player is you it makes the game dull , turn after turn after turn . Multiplayer on the other hand is awesome especially at parties . Since you are facing human players the game gets a lot more fun and a lot more interesting . Also a plus to this game compared to the first two is that there are more modes of play , more characters , and best of all you do n't have to `` buy '' the minigames . Also there are new items you can buy on the game boards .
 Mario Party 3 is awesome , I bought the english version 3 days ago . My favorite mini-game is Mario 's Puzzle party -LRB- If anyone has played Super Puzzle fighter , then it will be easy ! -RRB- I think there are some returning mini-games like crazy cogs is sorta like shock , drop or roll ! And the story mode is awesome Bye !
 I chose this rating because the shipping and delivery took less than a week in total , the game came in mint condition and it plays great . Saying i like it is an understatement because i love it . I would recommend buying from this seller if your interested in mint condition games for more than a reasonable price .
 For how old the game it was pretty fun to play . I have played it nearly everyday I 've had it
 This game is another classic it 's the sequel to Mario Party 2 , of course I have n't had the chance to play the second one . I am hoping to go back and play that one when I have time . Anyway what I love about this game is how difficult it can it be . It 's a game of challenge and it will have gamers alike wanting more . I still have n't figured out how to beat it but I hope to beat at some point . I highly recommend this game to any old school player .
 Its a really great game I have been wanting this game for or kind of a long time it works really great and It works reliably every time I plug it in .
 This game kicks so much butt . With all the cool adventures & mini-games . Such as Toadstool Titan & Water Whirled . Besides the new boards and such . There are also tons of neat features . Such as the all new duel map . which is not seen in previous ones . And the first one to feature a STORY mode . Even if this is awesome . It does have it 's flaws . Such as the lack in boards . They could added more ! . This I RECOMMEND VERY MUCH . good for kids . good to play with your friends . Also tryMario Party 2 & Mario Party . Those both and this together is sure a fun pack ! .
 Have somne rusted on it , need to be clean after that the game work fine . Tank you very mutch apreciated
 Well , let me start by saying that you wo n't fully appreciate this game unless you 've played the first two . The original Mario Party was insanely difficult and did n't offer you a whole lot of choices other than roll and hope you do n't get screwed , since it seemed like Bowser was everywhere . In Mario Party 2 , items were introduced and alternate game modes . You only got to carry one item and they were insanely expensive . Then came Mario Party 3 . Well , let me say , I 've never seen a game evolve so much from one sequel to the next.You will enjoy this game if you 've ever played a real-life board game with friends or family . Most living , breathing beings who enjoy a little friendly competition with an interactive backdrop will enjoy this game . Even if you lose , which you will from time to time , it 's still a lot of fun . I 've only explored the battle royal mode , which is just a fancy name for the regular multiplayer mode , and have n't had a chance to explore the other modes . This mode alone makes the game worthwhile . Even if you do n't have anyone to play against , its still fun as a one-player game . How so ? Well , for starters , it takes four players to play battle royal mode . If you 're short , you can substitute a computer player , so essentially , this is a 1-4 player game . Two new characters have been added , Daisy and Waluigi -LRB- both from Mario Golf -RRB- , for a total of eight characters to choose from.The single defining quality of this game is that now you can save your game file ... . The creators had foresight enough to leave three spaces for saving games under a file name . If you 're in the middle of a game , you can go to the options menu and choose `` Do n't Save '' , `` Save After This Turn '' , or `` Save After Every Turn '' . That alone is beautiful , no longer do you have to sit and finish a 50-turn game , which could take over two hours to finish . In addition , you can set the speed of the messages and actual gameplay . That helps if you 're in a hurry and want to get a quick game in.Now here is probably one of the most useful features of the game , that is n't explicitly stated in the instruction manual . Say four of you are playing and somebody has to leave . Simply pause the game , and there is a menu option that lets you switch players back and forth between human and computer . Say that person is only gone for a few turns , then pause and switch them back to human when they return ... Also , we 've gone from no items , to one item , to being able to carry up to three items at the same time . In addition , the prices have dropped sharply , unlike the real world . That 's because there were only a handful of items in MP2 . Now there are about double if not more and a lot more opportunities to acquire them . The items are what really make the game unpredictable . That coupled with Chance Time and Hidden Blocks makes it truly anybody 's game . Do n't worry if one player is dominant at most of the minigames . There is still the possibility of outsmarting them for the win . Some of the new items are truly evil in nature and others very practical and well-thought out . For example , the Boo Repellent is essential for keeping the kleptomaniac apparition at bay . The Cellular Shopper lets you buy an item at any place on the board , on your turn . In addition , there 's item that lets you call Bowser and sick 'em on somebody of your choosing , a lamp that moves the star at random , a mushroom that makes someone you choose move backward for one turn , etc. . The list goes on and on . The unpredictability of MP3 as opposed to MP2 makes the game incredibly more fun.Simply put , if you like board games then you 'll love this . It is truly a party . Worth every bit of the ... I paid . Nintendo certainly knows how to improve upon its predecessor titles . Go get it !
 After playing this game for a weekend , I 'm still getting used to it . I love the Party mode of all the Mario Party Games . In this third installment there are some good and bad points.The good points ... brand new mini games , it 's refreshing to have different games to compete against your friends in . I like that there are different item games , and I love that duels are head to head competitions rather than who can press buttons the fastest . There are great new items from the item shop such as cellular shopper and reverse mushroom that are fun . Also the inclusion of two new players -LRB- Waluigi and Daisy -RRB- are nice.The bad points ... the game seems to last a little longer than the other Mario Party installments . Individual turns last longer because of so many different spots to land on -LRB- it 's great if it 's you , but terrible if you 're waiting for your turn -RRB- . I hate the shy guy gambling game . The computer characters seem almost superhuman in the mini games sometimes , making it nearly impossible to win , and some of the mini games are stupid . Especially M.P.I.Q. -LRB- a jeopardy type game testing Mario Party knowledge -RRB- . Overall I do recommend this game . It 's still fun in a group like the others and it 's different enough from MP1 and 2 to make it interesting .
 I have this game in Japanese , and it 's really fun . Everyone should buy this game . I have 1 and 2 , and this is much better than both . 2 was like the same as 1 , but dumber . 3 , however , has two main modes
 This game is fun , like the other Mario Party games . It has all the stuff from the other games -LRB- Well , not the mini-games , which is why I gave it four stars -RRB- . You hit the dice block , you get the coins and the stars and win the mini-games . Mario Party 3 has a deeper story than the others . It 's not just some argument that just happened to come up . It 's not part of a play or production . In this game , a rare Millenium Star forms and falls on Mario 's lawn chair . So all his friends come by and try to claim it , because it 's a cool thing to have or something.The star says he will only be owned by the most worthy guy or girl , so Lakitu comes and drops a board game down called Mario Party . The group is about to play , then the Millenium Star shrinks everyone and sends them into the game.A new thing in this game , besides the new mini-games and new boards , is the dual board , where you play against one person and try to deplete his heart container . You can also play as Daisy or Waluigi , but not in story mode.Anyway , I am recommending this game to everyone .
 What a great game ! Now there are two new characters
 I admit that I bought this on the first day it came out . I loved MP2 and knew that this would be better . I was not disappointed . The mini-games are more fun , more challenging , and more frustrating , but they are n't incredibly difficult . They are also original enough that you do n't mind playing them many times -LRB- which you do -RRB- in the process of beating the one player story mode.The graphics are rather simple , but still vibrant enough to be enjoyable . The different boards in battle royal are great . I enjoy the pitfalls and obstacles , especially when you friends get hit with them . I really enjoy that you can play different `` games '' , such as the battle royal maps where you play the typical MP game , or the battle rounds where you actually go around a board and beat up your opponent with partners who are enemies from earlier Mario games such as Koopa and Boo.If I had kids , I would definitely suggest this as a kid-safe game . The violence that it does suggest , which is n't much , is cartoon style and somewhat hidden . The main example is Waluigi beating up Bowser . The `` whupping '' is behind a big cloud of dust , so you do n't actually see anything . There is no sexual content and no bad language . However , your child will need to be able to read , or play with an older child that can in order to really understand the game.The main drawback that I see is that the text is hard to read . It is n't very clear on the screen and you have squint to read it . I would prefer that they made it a little larger and use a different font as sometimes it is hard to decipher . Overall , it is a very good game , even to a young adult , like myself .
 This is the second best Mario Party game , besides Mario Party 6 . This game includes the same 6 , Mario , Peach , Donkey Kong , Luigi , Yoshi and Wario . But there is an added 2 , Daisy and Waluigi ! This is Daisy 's thrid game and Waluigi 's second.The boards are in 2-D but rock out loud . THe best one is Blooper Sea , this board has the best Mario Party music ever ! The minigames are well thought out . There are a fair few action ones alot of puzzles and many CRAZY ones . Toad is back along with Baby Bowser and the King Koopa himslf BOWSER.The story is that a magical star has transformed the Mushroom-Kingdom into a pop-up book , the only way to change everything back is to complete solo mode ! The items are really cool , some Items i 've seen only twice and I 've played the game millions of times ! There are many options such as making every-one move faster on the board , and skiping CPU Minigames and battles . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Here is a list in wich you should get Mario Parties ... -LRB- and my favs . going in order -RRB- ~ Party 6 ~ Party 3 ~ Party 5 ~ Party 4 ~ Party 1 ~ Party 2THANKS FOR LOOKING !
 Mario Party 3 for the Nintendo 64 is one of the best games ever made by Nintendo . Mario Party 3 keeps the good parts of the first two versions , but enhances the gameplay and adds much more fun to it . It is a great board-game style video game . In Mario Party 3 you can play in one player mode -LRB- which can be very frustrating -RRB- , 2 player , 3 player . Each mode includes one computer player for you to play with or against.In every mode you pick the amount of players who are playing , choosing from several different characters including Mario , Luigi , Peach , Wario , and new characters form Mario Tennis . You can choose to play up to 100 turns in your game and as little as 15 turns for each player . When it is your turn you spin a dice and move to a space that many spots away which may give you three or more coins , make you lose three or more coins , have to do a battle mode , or a variety of other things.The best part of Mario Party 3 is the Mini-games . There are over 70 new mini-games in this game which you play after every player has had a turn . You either play all on one team , 3-on-1 or 2-on-2 -LRB- if you play in 4 player mode -RRB- based on how you do on your turns and what you get . The mini-games are a variety of neat games where you have to survive 30 seconds while shells are shooting around , grow your plant the tallest from a rain cloud , a game like 3 card monty , and many , many more . Your goal in the game is to make it to the square where the star is and to earn as many coins as you can . At the end of the game you get awards for the most stars , coins and for the least amount of times you have landed on certain squares . Then you can go into a library with all of the mini-games that you used and can play them as much as you want , when you want , and you can also buy new mini-games . I highly recommend this game to any Mario fan or anyone familiar with the Mario Party series .
 If you ever tried this , u would fall in love with it . Yet , watch out !! a the mini-games are new . No `` Hot rope jump '' or `` Skateboard scamper '' . Here , you have `` Cheep cheep chase '' and `` Eatza pizza '' . All though some of the mini games & board games can be a rip sometimes ... I still like 1p -LRB- story -RRB- mode . I already have 3 faces on the stone behind the castle . Anyway , you would love this if you rented it or owned it . Now , theres even Boo repellant to drive him away when he comes calling . Theres eave a Koopa card to widthdraw all the coins in the bank !!! It 's really amazing . Try it for yourself .
 If you 've played the other Mario Party games , then you know how this game is played
 This Game is THE BEST!It has some of the best games that you could imagine.You have to buy it and try it!You bwill love the game!Buy it or lose the game!Game over if you do n't buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is very good simply because of the basic gameplay as usual , and the fun minigames that are also involved in the game . But , the game is too similar to MP2 & MP1 . There is no major changes , but simply it 's still a fun game wiht duels , new tougher , funner mini-games -LRB- Personal Favorite
 I only recomend this for rentals or if you have friends over alot , or have partys alot . It would still be a good game otherwise you might get tired of it though .
 This is a great game , but could definitly be better . mario party 2 is better then this . the new mini games are pretty good , but the new gameboards ar n't that great , but there ok .
 Mario Party 3 is a great game . But I feel they were sloppy with the graphics . Mario Party 2 had great graphics , boards and good character voices . In Mario Party 3 , the boards are lame and the characters voices can give you a headache , but when you play the actual game you put all that aside because the Mini Games are awesome . I just wish they had more and more Mini Games.Great Game.If there 's a Mario Party 4 , make the Boards INTERESTING
 Mario Party hopefully will be better than its predisessor which was so much fun . I have seen a un finished version at one of the computer shows but was unable to play it . The graphics seem improved on the previous two and there was an information leaflet that promised that all of the min games will be totaly new . So all in all this should be a great game for any fan of the previous two if all of thge mini games are going to be different
 This is a really great game !! It features tons of awesome mini-games and some wonderful board games . The only problem is that the computer pulls off some EXTREMELY questionable feats . Still , I give it 41/2 .
 mario party 3 is a very well desighned game although not as good as MP 2 it 's still a good game for all you party gamers this one 's for you .
 This is the best game !!!! its soo fun . I have spent hours playing it . E-mail me at R2999@hotmail.com
 Mario and his friends are in a board game to defeat bowser -LRB- different types of bowsers like an egyptian bowser that creates curses on people that dont figure out his riddle -RRB- and become super star of the land . Here 's a hint for a mini game that has everyone balancing on a ball.when two people try to charge at each other go in the middle of them . there is a possibility that those two will fall even though you might fall too .
 I have no idea about this game , but it sounds really fun ...
 Mario Party 3 is awesome , I bought the english version 3 days ago . My favorite mini-game is Mario 's Puzzle party -LRB- If anyone has played Super Puzzle fighter , then it will be easy ! -RRB- I think there are some returning mini-games like crazy cogs is sorta like shock , drop or roll ! And the story mode is awesome Bye !
 I have not played Mario Party , but I have played Mario Party 2 and I found it extremely boring . . I played this with my friends and I can say , hands down the mini games are much better in this version . The one player mode in this is a snooz , but the multiplayer mode is great if you have a lot of friends . I do wish though that the graphics would be improved , and that the mini games involving no skill would be gone .
 This game is so fun ! Once you start playing it , you will never want to stop ! It only seems like 10 minutes when your playing but it is actually 2 hours . Time flies when you 're playing Mario Party 3 ! Battle mini-games in the game room are the best !!!!
 Things have been a little empty at the Gibralter household ever since great aunt Bijay passed away . I liked to think of her as a game-lover , no , a fanatic if you will . She and my son Marcus always used to play the original Mario Party . We all knew she had mastered the game , but for some reason she always let Marcus win . I 'll never forget how she used to wheel into his room on her wheelchair and say , `` Hey Marcus , wan na play a rousing game of M.P. -LRB- Mario Party -RRB- . Then one day , Marcus asked her , how come you never win great aunt ? She wheeled off unable to answer . The next day she passed away . When she was buried , Mario Party went with her . The next couple of weeks , I noticed Marcus was not doing his school work or much of anything really . Heck , -LRB- excuse my language -RRB- I had trouble gettin ' to sleep myself . I felt like there was nothing I could do . Then one day , while I was reading the sunday newspaper , a miraculous thing happened to me ; I saw the new game , Mario Party 3 . I knew if I could but purchase this game , all our troubles would be over . The next day , I went down to -LRB- the store -RRB- , bought the game for -LRB- price -RRB- . I gave the cashier -LRB- money -RRB- and said `` Hey , I really appreciate what you 're doing . '' I brought the game home , walked into Marcus ' part of the trailor only to see him crying . I walked over next to him and asked `` Hey Marcus , wan na play a rousing game of M.P. ... 3 !! His eyes lit up and we put the game in the nintendo 64 . Mario Party 3 has truly changed my life . Marcus is doing great at school , and would n't you know it , only a couple of weeks after purchasing the game , I got a raise to $ 7.50 an hour !!! Thanks great aunt Bijay , THANKS MARIO PARTY 3 !!!!!!!!!!
 At 70 % complete , Mario Party 3 looks to be coming along nicely at last week 's Spaceworld show . Featuring the same 1-4 player mini-game style as the first two games , the 3rd in the series will likely have the same addictive effect as the originals - though the quality of the mini-games will obviously determine the quality of the overall game . Luckily , Nintendo 's including a whopping 70 full mini-games this time -LRB- how do they keep coming up with new ones ? -RRB- - all of which the company is promising are completely new . The 4 player Battle Royal mode has also been improved , with a total of twenty items -LRB- more than twice the number in previous versions -RRB- , and an Action Event on the board map . A new Dual Map game mode has also been added , in which you can bring along a helper for one-on-one battles . Mario Party 3 's US release date has not yet been set , but with a Japanese date in December , the best bet is a first quarter 2001 release in the west .
 I think that Mario Party 3 for Nintendo 64 is a great game ! In both Mario Party 1 and Mario Party 2 , you compete against to see who will get the most stars and the most coins , then they get put into a bank . However , in Mario Party 3 , you do n't have to worry about that . You just play without worrying how much get 's put into the bank . The games are similar to the other two , but the games are more updated and they are much funner .
 If what you appreciate in a game is the game , Mario Party 3 is a great improvement over the first two . I love the mini-games , and found myself saying `` well that was stupid '' after playing than in the first two . There are so many , you rarely get repeats , and most are well designed and fun . The appearance of the game , though , is not an improvement . This does n't affect my decision , but I really hate Waluigi . As if Wario was n't a dumb enough idea . There are really no new features , and no changes to the overall operation . But I do n't care . The game is a lot of fun , and that 's what 's important .
 Fun , fun , and more fun!Super game ! Just as fun as Mario Party 2 ... which says a lot . They added two new characters that you can be , which ruled ! I love variety ... especially when you add new bad guys . I found myself leaving Wario , my MP2 staple , behind in order to beat my friends with Waluigi.If you 're still buying N64 games ... pick up this title . It 's for ALL ages . I ca n't wait for Mario Party 4 for GameCube !!!
 I have recently purchased this game on my N64 , and I 'd say Mario Party 3 is a decent game to keep but not at its best . >> On the bright side , this is an ultimate Mario Party game so it would be nice to have one of these . It 's full of brand new fun mini-games plus two extra characters to choose from . I really admire the Duel Mode where you get to hire friends in RPG-style battles . And finally , random selections add on to the element of surprise . >> Unfortunately , the graphics are not well-made , hands down . Why could n't they produce better graphics ? Well , I guess you just have to live with those angular 3D look in N64 . Also , you 'll have to wait a lot for your turn to roll the die . Playing ONE board game could take more than an hour to complete.Bottom Line
 First off , all of the mario party games are so similar . The one thing that makes them unique is the mini games . Lets face it ... the mini games in mario party 1 are not all that great and neither is 2 . But in mario party 3 all new things were added . Stars are more fun to get and they added items to use and a couple new characters . And the mini games in mario party 3 are awesome . They are so much more fun then the previous 2 . If u have any mario party games other then 3 for the 64 ... sell them and get mario party 3 . it 's the only one u need . This is the kind of series where u only need one of the games in the series . Also , some of the reviews for this game say that this game is not good . The only people who would say that are people who may just not like the concept of the game . It is a game where it simulates a board game and adds mini games in it . If u do not like this idea of a game ... then u may not like it . But if u do then i highly recommend this game . Its the best out of the ones for 64 . If u have a gamecube and prefer to get one for that ... then mario party 4 is very good too . Mario party 3 and 4 are very similar and are the best ones to get . They are so much fun to have a bunch of friends play and it is easy enough to get the hang of right away . I promise that u will enjoy yourself with this game .
 I think this is the funnest mario party game yet . -LRB- wait till mario party 5 comes out -RRB- The new characters are Daisy and Waluigi.There 's new board maps and tons and tons of action packed new mini games to test your skills in.You can play against your friends and family in party mode , try to be the super star in story mode or do a two player duel agains the computer or a friend.This is a great game and I recomend it to anyone who likes the mario party series or if you have n't tried one yet .
 way too cool , but its totally diffrent from 1 and 2 so look out . at leaste they got rid of those dumb costumes , and lowered item prices . but it still is sweet , go get it !
 My husband , myself , and our 6 year-old daughter LOVE to play this game for our family fun night entertainment ! It NEVER gets old . It is an excellent board game played on your N64 . Up to 4 people can play at one time , which makes for a great party game ! There are a multitude of different games within the game , giving it a lot more challenge and excitement . You can also play a single-player adventure . I totally recommend this game to EVERYONE !
 i would only recommend this game to people who have siblings or friends who live really close to you that can come over any time , because it is only fun when a group of people play .
 I now own Mario Party 1 , 2 , and 3 ! All of them features the renewal of Mario , Luigi , DK and more ! All new 70 mini games in Mario Party 3 makes games challenging Because games are random ! Plus , Mario 's friends have the choice to play politely , or play nasty ! This game Boots up to 4 player action , so pick up some friends , -LRB- Maybe Food -RRB- and go to the bashing party !
 I got this game for Christmas , and it 's great . I would recommend it to all Mario fans . I 've never played the other Mario Party games -LRB- 1 and 2 -RRB- , but this one is great .
 A good game for 3 or 4 people , not as good with only 1 or 2 . Must be willing to invest a little time in the game in order to learn the ins and outs . Excellent replay value .
 A great Mario game ,70 all new mini-games ,2 NEW Members to the mario party cast , Worth the money for family fun , And Much More ...
 this is one of the best mario parties.I would give this prodect 5 stars because it has great mini games and lots of other things a good game needs .
 Being that I enjoyed the first two Mario Party games , I could n't wait to try out the third installment . It 's easily the best installment of the series to be released up to that point in time . There are lots of new mini-games , some of which are lots of fun -LRB- i.e. Mario 's Puzzle Party , which is a Tetris-style puzzle game and is extremely addictive - after I `` bought '' this mini-game from Toad , I got hooked on it -RRB- and others of which we could probably do without -LRB- i.e. Water Whirled , which features controls that are next to impossible to figure out , and MPIQ , which I 'd have to agree is pretty stupid -RRB- . The graphics and sound are an improvement over the first two volumes - I 'm glad they finally changed the character voices -LRB- except for Donkey Kong 's -RRB- and created a new character to `` moderate '' the boards in place of Toad , whose voice has always driven me nuts . -LRB- What is `` Yuh-ohhhhhhh ! '' supposed to mean ? At least in Mario Kart 64 he spoke actual words ... But anyhow ... -RRB- I like the new characters too . With the introduction of Daisy , there 's finally a second female character to choose in addition to Peach -LRB- and personally , I like Daisy more than Peach -RRB- , and Waluigi is apparently the `` Luigi '' version of Wario . The `` duel '' maps are lots of fun , especially because you can choose from a number of classic Mario villains -LRB- and friends -RRB- , ranging from Koopa Troopa to Bob-Omb to Snifit to Toad , to `` attack '' your opponent . And as for the game being `` unfair '' ... well , you have to admit , it is , when the computer-controlled characters seem to have better luck than you do and are able to pull off lots of questionable plays . But think about this
 Even though this game is out-dated and there 's a new Mario Party game for Game Cube , Mario Party 3 is still a good game to buy if you have n't played it . The only thing is it 's hard to find now because it 's out of stock . This game has 70 new mini-games , 2 new characters , two different kinds of board games , `` action time '' which happens on board games and as many as 20 items . There is even a new board game space called `` game guy '' but it is not a good one . Other then these new things and the story plot , the game has basically not changed much since Mario Party 2 . Just as in any Mario Party game , the bad thing about Mario Party 3 is the waiting -- even when the board game is set to 10 turns , the lowest it can go , it can still take as much as 60 minutes to complete . A good idea would be to save and continue later . I ca n't say the graphics are brilliant but they 're not terrible either .
 Mario Party 3 is the best of the Mario Party series.Why ? One main reason is that of the previous two that had something missing -LRB- such as grasping one-player gameplay -RRB- that this one has . It is great to know that after all your friends go home or you are sick of playing the slightly easy computers on the normal setting that you have something to fall back on . Another obvious reason is the addition of the two new characters never before seen in any of the other Mario related games on the N64 that Nintendo proved to us that they could come up with more than just Yoshi , Mario , Luigi , Peach , and the two `` villans '' Donkey Kong and Wario to excite the long-awaiting fans of Mario 's games that were hoping Mario Party 3 would give them something new , which it did . Also , I loved that there were new and more mini-games and that they brought back some of the old favorites of the previous Mario Partys , plus with the great new Shy-Guy gambling games and the new duel games and battle maps , Mario Party 3 promises to give you hours and hours of fun.The only bad thing I can honestly say about this game is that it is kind of boring playing the regular adventure game because there are no new games to uncover after you 've played the game about fifty times .
 THIS GAME IS A LOT OF FUN . THERE ARE MORE CHALLENGES . THE STORY MODE IS EXCELLENT . I DEFINATELY RECCOMEND THIS GAME .
 Nice try MS. But Fuzion Frenzy is not the great alternitive to Mario Party series . This has better gameplay and mini-games while your game only has better graphics.Nintendo continues to rock
 I rented this at my local video rental store and I loved it ! The mini games are more fun in this game than Mario Party 2 . I 'd say the best games are Cheep Cheep Chase and Rockin ' Raceway , but everyone 's entitled to their own opinion . Anyway , I say this is one of my favorite games , as I personally LOVE all the Mario games .
 Mario Party 3 's a winner . No doubt about it.The story revolves around the millenium star , a newborn star who is so young it crashes from the sky onto , of course , Mario 's lawn where he is busy relaxing . This jolt throws him out of his seat and his friends come over to see what happened . It 's here where Lakita the cameraman brings over the board game Mario Party to see who deserves the star . It 's when the star gives off the light that they 're all -LSB- brought -RSB- into a universe where dice come alive and they are actually in the game Mario Party.There are added bonuses ; Duel Map has you and another opponent on a duel map . Here you are provided partners who demand a salary . If you ca n't afford the salary , your partner disappears and you ca n't get a new one until you return to start . These partners fight off your opponent . It also resembles Monopoly . You land somewhere and your opponent must pay you money if he/she lands on it , and vice versa . Story Mode has you wanting to win badges
 While Mario Party 3 is a fun game , it is not as good as the 2nd game in the series . The graphics are a bit similar to those from Paper Mario . The game play is similar to Mario Party 2 , except with completely different mini-games , and many new items . This version has approximately 20 different items , and about 15 different boards . Despite the extra variety of this game , I think that Mario Party 2 has better mini-games , and is an overall superior game to buy .
 This game is SOOOO much fun . The minigames are so fun . For example , the game Snowball Summit you make a snowball and then roll it at an enemy player , trying to knock him off the hill . They have 70 , that 's right , NEW minigames . They are really fun and the boards are also fun to . This game is a must buy if you have liked the previous two . I just loved the new themes for the boards and the 70 new games . I like the gambling games , even though I almost always lose . This game 's only fault is that it does n't include some of the past favorites , face lift , crazy cutter , mushroom mix-up , etc. . .
 And it 's much better than MP1 or MP2 . New characters , new mini-games , new boards , new modes , it adds up to a great game . My friends and I play this all the time . There are bad things , really bad things , AND REALLY REALLY HORRIBLE THINGS -LRB- like encountering the shy guy with 156 coins - eep ! -RRB- . The new minigames are fun and some are insanely hard . I reccommend this game to anyone . It 's a tad expensive , but well worth it .
 I love the Mario Party games they are fun humorous and are great fun at party 's . and I can prove it because there was a sleep over at my friends house and he said he needed me to bring a really good party game so I took Mario Party 3 and the sleep over was awesome plus Mario Party is good fun for any time of the day or night I played this until midnight on my Nintendo 64 . its great and easy to play and the script is big so its easy to read the game is very enjoyable and better then Mario Party . and Mario Party 2 . buy it you will be glad you did .
 To me , Mario party 3 was going to be scary , but now it 's fun ! I got it for my birthday . I used it as soon as I got home from Toys R ' Us . I liked it a lot , especially Daisy . She 's my FAVORITE character . The Duel mode is fun , but I have no one to play with . But no matter what , that does n't let me down . The battle modes are fun too . I really like the character 's voices . I really like the place where you can play a two person game , one person game , three person game , or a four person game . This advice would really help you . Trust me , Mario Party 3 is THE BOMB .
 This is the best game IN THE WORLD ! If I already did n't have Nintendo 64 I 'd buy it just for this game -LRB- thats if I knew how fun it was -RRB- ! I loved Mario party 2 and was about to purchase it until I heard the rumor of Mario Party 3 coming soon . I waited months and when I got it , after all the time I waited it felt worth while , I was n't one bit dissapointed , I wish I could rate it about 5 stars but I cant !
 I think that this game is the best so far in the series , the best part is that there are seventy all new mini-games . I ca n't believe Nintendo came out with such an awesome game !!
 This game was awesome its even better than Mario Party 2 and 1 . 70 new minigames all new duel mode and story mode equals 5 stars . Its wort every cent of the ... cost.I 'm glad I got it the day it came out .
 Mario Party 3 is my favorite N64 game . I never really got into the other mario party games , but this one RULES !!! You are always occupied doing something , like story mode -LRB- if you want -RRB- or unlocking mini-games . I like spending my time playing the awesome mini-games . Except , ordering this game on amazon , it is pretty expensive . I would recommend looking at a used electronics store to buy this game , and if you buy it pre-owned you will have a head-start !! Overall , this is a really great game . I recommend it for people ages 7-14 but even my grandma and dad played some mini games !!! p.s. if you have gamecube , i also highly highly recommend Mario Party 4 !!!
 Mario Party 3 Is the best game for Nintendo 64 yet ! I give it 5 stars because it has really great graphics and it 's fun for all ages !
 I think it is a great game with great mini games . It is definately one of MY FAVORITES !
 I did n't have Mario Party for my Nintendo 64 , so I figured I should get one . Having three to choose from did n't help as all three of them looked good . The main reason I picked MP3 over 1 or 2 was because it had the option to speed up the game -LRB- like when players are moving from space to space -RRB- . The minigames are fun , however it may be that the minigames on the other two games are more fun . I 've never played 1 or 2 , so I ca n't say . But , anyway , I 'm not here to say MP3 is better than MP1 or MP2 . It is a fun game to play with friends and you wo n't be making a bad decision if you buy this . You could always buy all three if you ca n't make up your mind !
 Wow I just have to say wonderful service ! The game came in about 7 days after i ordered it , the cartilage was in condition ... The game itself is ok but slightly annoying ! ! :-LRB- i 'm not so sure about wario or waluigi , i think they are trying to take over the world !!!!
 This is the funnest and funniest game ever ! This game I think has 70 mini games that right 70 ! On this game you can do duel mode ,4 player mode -LRB- you do not have to have 4 or 2 real players and all these modes -RRB- and mini game mode . When you are playing by yourself it is fun but when you play with friends it is super fun ! Do not listen to does people that hate the game , listen to the people that like the game ! The people that hate the game are tearing you apart from the best game ever ! Well what are you waiting for ?! Buy this game but not for 200 bucks !!! Amazon is crazy !! Buy it at gamexchange or e b a y . c o m. I hope it does not bloop out the site .
 this game was in very good shape when we got it and its a game that is fun and we all as a family can play we love it
 Overall the game is one of my favrites . I have played it before on someone else 's nitendo 64 and loved it .
 This game is the best . It has over 65 mini games.The board games are soo cool . Get This Game !
 If you do not get this game I feel sorry for you I know nintendo 64 is getting old and theres a new Mario party game but Nintendo 64 is not ready to be thrown out ths 4 player 70 mini games , game is very good and I highly recommend it to anyone .
 This is a great Game . Compared to the first or second one this one is much better . There are over 70 minigames to play and it includes a story mode and a party mode . This game is great for multiplayer but not good for single player . In the single player mode the comps are either too easy or too hard and since the only human player is you it makes the game dull , turn after turn after turn . Multiplayer on the other hand is awesome especially at parties . Since you are facing human players the game gets a lot more fun and a lot more interesting . Also a plus to this game compared to the first two is that there are more modes of play , more characters , and best of all you do n't have to `` buy '' the minigames . Also there are new items you can buy on the game boards . Last of all , one thing I do n't like about this game is the mini games that require you to press buttons really fast or move the control stick really fast because it really hurts your hand .
 Its very fun and lots of fun mini-games for all ages !
 This game is so much fun ! If you have Mario Party or Mario Party 2 , you will probably think this is the best . There are about 63 mini-games you can play . Even my 6 year old cousin thinks it is the best .
 Very fun with lots of mini-games for all your family and friends !!!
 Just so you know , this game does n't have relistic volice . It 's Mario!This game is great ! It is easy to understand . This game is like a 3D board game . Sound boring ? No way ! This game has tons of minigames . You can pratice the games so you can get good at them . Then click start to play them for real . You can also choose how easy or hard you want the game.Use your luck and skill to play 6 board games and 6 battle boards . This game is great for everyone .
 Mario Party3 was fun . But it only had 70 mini-games , even though it said 70 new mini-games , i thought there would be classics . There are new versions with different scenarios of classics . Like instead of Skateboard Scamper , it 's Cheep Chase , you press A to swim away from the fish instead of skate away from the Boo , then press B to dive under bombs , instead of jumping over obstacles . I found it worth the $ ... And you dont have to buy mini-games , just play them on the game board and they 're yours , i also like the deep 1 player mode.It 's up to you if mario party is to be , or not . I hope they come out with a 4th .
 ` You 'll be hooked on the brothers ! ' -LRB- Super Mario Bros. . Super Show -RRB- Perfect quote for this game ! The game includes a new Duel Mode -LRB- which by the way , is just ... plain ... AWESOME ! -RRB- and the spaces on the board have turned extreme ! The spaces now do n't just play toward different outcomes , but one wrong move in a game of luck , and the tide of the game changes direction ! The thing that keeps me from giving this game a five star rating is the fact that they downsized from MP2 . They do n't have scuba suits in the water world , or cowboy hats in the desert world . And , when you land on a space , the view keeps on the board , it does n't do a in-your-face view . Overall , a great game .
 If you are a fan of the Mario Party series as I am , you will adore this game . First , there are loads of all new mini games . Unlike the move from Mario Party 1 to 2 , they did n't keep a whole lot of the same mini games . Second , the dual mode is excellent - an all new way for two people to play Mario Party . Another change I really like is the items . Unlike in Mario Party 2 -LRB- Mario Party 1 did n't have items -RRB- you can carry up to three items at a time . In addition , when you land on an item space , you may play an item game , or Toad or Baby Bowser may come down and ask you a question , if they like your answer they may give you up to three items . I love most of the games here . Hours of fun and entertainment . If you are already a fan of the Mario Party series , I highly recommend picking this one up . If you are just getting started in the MP experience , try this one first .
 This game is really good , there is the new duel mode which makes it very excitng and you can play it with one or 2 people and then the battle royal game lets you play all out 4 or 3 player games . the whole game matches Mario Party 2 except this one has more characters , more items , more options , and more mini-game -LRB- Over 70 !! -RRB- this game is a blast !
 Mario Party 3 was my first of the series , so I have not experienced the others . However , it was a great buy . It is not like a book where you have to read the other ones first . There are three different things you can do . 1 . The Duel Map You go around the board with partner -LRB- s -RRB- to help protect you from the other player . Only two people can play this map . 2 . The Battle Royal Map This one can have four players . You go around the board getting as many Millenium Stars and coins as possible . After everyone has a turn , you play a mini-game to get coins . 3 . The Mini-Games In the two other maps , you play mini-games . After you play them , they get recorded here , so you can play them as many times as you want . But , if you turn it off before the game is over , the mini-games you played wo n't be recorded . Our favorite is Mario 's Puzzle Party . These three things are enough to keep you busy for a long time . The only bad part is , you have to listen to the rules before you can play the two maps . That can get boring . Also , this game is a lot more fun with another person . But overall , I highly recommend this game . Hope you have a lot of fun !
 This game is a lot like other kart-racing games of the past . You wo n't be amazed with the graphics or gameplay , but it 's still a lot of fun to have Yoda running Queen Amidala off the road . I bought it because I am a huge Star Wars fan and anything even remotely related is cool with me , but if you 've played all the others or are n't a big fan of Star Wars there may be better games for you . There are a bunch of cool gadgets , boards that I 've never been to and shortcuts I 've never found , so if you 're into those kinds of things you 'll probably like it . I 'm glad I got it .
 its like mario kart but start wars instead its fun for the start wars fan and for those who want something like mario kart on a PS2
 A solid game from Lucas Learning . It 's kart racing in the Star Wars universe . It does n't add much new to the Mario Kart series , but it is a lot of fun . The tracks are fun , graphics are impressive and the characters are great . Unlock tracks as you go , typical of the genre , which keeps you engaged.It may not be revolutionary in gameplay , but the ability to be Obi-wan or Darth Maul makes up for that . The large heads , etc. give it a kids ' game feel , but it 's fun for any kart racing fan .
 Super Bombad Racing for the Playsattion 2 is a incredibly good game . It ` s graphics are really bad though . All the tracks are confusing at first , but when you play a few times , it gets better and better . You get to pick form 8 caracthers . There is also a secret caracther who you will race to unlock . This game is also a big headed cart racing game . You should buy it .
 Geez ! Who knew Bombad Racing was gon na have deformed heads ? This game is pure geneus ! If you have 50 bucks on your hands , get this game and hear the laughs you 'll get ! Kids AND grown-ups , you 'll have a super bombad time playing this . And while you 're at it , why do n't ya blast Jar-Jar Binks into oblivion !
 This game is a lot of fun ! There is also a ton of secret stuff in the game to unlock .
 From the swamps of Naboo to the planet of Corusant SWSBR covers the star wars universe . Lucas Learning has produced the most innovative kart racer since DKR on N64 . All nine of the levels have plenty of eye candy like on Tatooine there are sniping Jawas on the cliffs , dewbacks and the impressive sandstorms . Also there is the option of driving all the courses backwards . I really liked the level designs instead of the usual one huge short cut per map there are several small ones and multiple routes per map . There are nine drivers to choose from -LRB- beat the galaxy circuit with Anakin to unlock Darth Vader -RRB- and each drives and handles differently . Also each character has thier own taunts and special weapon like Darth Maul throws his lightsaber and Obi-Wan can levitate the closest racer . There are five different modes of play . The Arena mode lets eight racers compete in a free for all on one of four different arenas . The controls were very easy to get used to . You just have to learn over 25 different gadgets to use along the way . So what are you waiting for pick your racer and blast Jar Jar into oblivion .
 When you think of Super Bombad Racing , think Mario Kart ... but instead of little cars , you have cool little Star Wars ships . And the drivers are the various characters - with giant heads ! It is TOO cute , and great fun.There are the regular race courses , where you learn how to drive each character . They 're all a bit different from each other , with their own strengths and weaknesses . Try to get through all the courses to unlock secret options and characters.Like most of these games , though , it really gets fun when you bring on another human . Suddenly you 've got a little Darth Maul chasing after a little Yoda , blasting away ! With four players it gets even more hilarious.A relatively short game on the single-player side , but endless fun with friends and family !
 I loved this game ... mind you , I 'm a huge Star Wars fan and most likely a little biased . Rent this one before you buy ... I loved it when I bought it , and it 's growing on me more and more ... I 've unlocked the Galaxy Circuit , the Mirror Mode -LRB- which will add challenge down the road when the regular coarses get too easy - it lets you play them flipped around ... what was on your left will now be on the right , etc. . -RRB- , and I 've unlocked Darth Vader ... . and just today I found out about the Cheat codes to play as Boba Fett in his little Slave I ... and there 's also a code to ride in a Trade Federation AAT -LRB- Tank -RRB- ... and a code to make all the racers into Kaadus -LRB- the Gungan 's steeds -RRB- Which just breathed more life into a game I was still having lots of fun playing ... now , if I can only get some friends over to play the multiplayer mode ?! PS
 This game is fun and has some killer animation ! I have to say the oversized heads on the Star Wars characters are hilarious ! My favorite is Darth Maul . This is a fun cart style game based on the Star Wars Episode I movie with most of the main characters in it -LRB- minus Kwai Gon Gin - of course I ca n't seem to spell this charaters name today ! Too much coffee maybe !! -RRB- and scenes from the movie as well.This is a fun game , but I do not recommend playing this game if you have any hand problems such as carpal tunnel as you are constantly pressing on the `` x '' button to make the carts go and using the toggle stick to steer the carts and it can be very sressful and tiring on your hands.If you are a Star Wars fan or know someone , this would be a good game to get . It 's a little on the pricey side but you can always shop around . Even at the high price it is still a fun game . If you have a local place that will rent the game , I would go that route first to see how the game is place , handles , etc. , then purchase it if you truly enjoy it .
 i love super bombad racing . everybody in it is so cute , too . its fun because it is not so hard its annoying , it has great graphics , and all the courses are really cool . i also like the special items like the goo that lady throws at you in mos espa . if you like star wars , mario kart , and people with really , really big heads , you , ll love super bombad racing .
 If you have seen any of the trailers or screen shots then you probably have a good idea of what the game will be like . . and I have to say that I was n't dissapointed . I really liked the atmostphere of the game , the episode 1 setup really provides a good backdrop for a racer.The characters are also quite funny , each with their own taunts that make it more hilarious . The graphics are colorful and the music goes pretty well with the look of the game.The only thing I have to complain about does n't necessarily have to do with any fault of the game , but the 4 player split screen mode can be a bit hard to follow . It 's all good once you get used to it , but some of my friends had a hard time adjusting . Also the arena fighting mode is a bit slow paced.Overall I highly recommend this game if you like kart racers or are a fan of episode 1 . The tracks are very well designed and the prospect of unlocking secret racers and such keeps me interested .
 Do n't be fooled by the screenshots here on Amazon . They were posted almost a year ago . I saw some recent screenshots of the game on a gaming portal and the screens look beautiful ! A lot of added particle effects and added detail to the game . I 'm excited to get my copy . Lucasarts did a great job with Starfighter so I 'm sure Super Bombad will be equally impressive .
 i rented this game because itlooked down right funny . I mean lookat it . little characters with big head racin eachother . It is alot like mario kart 64 but better , much better . i love this game now and i highly recommend it .
 I have owned this remote for approx 5 months now . while it is true that the code list is not included -LRB- though the manual says they are -RRB- , AND it is true , that there is no info on their web site , AND it is true that you pretty much ca n't find the codes anywhere on the net , I was able to program it for my SONY tv using the code search method in the instruction sheet.i also sent an email to intec 's customer service dept -LRB- probably from a contact us type link on their site -RRB- , and within 24 hrs they had emailed me the missing pages . -LRB- I have uploaded them as customer images to this product page . -RRB- as for the people who claim it stopped working with their xbox , their tv , or their nuclear powered self sharpening Ginsu knife chucker , there are a couple caveats to keep in mind with this unit :1 -RRB- it does not control nuclear powered self sharpening Ginsu knife chuckers .2 -RRB- you must go into the settings menu of your xbox and select either , `` media remote '' , or `` both Controllers '' or something to that effect3 -RRB- when you press the TV button , it switches the remote from `` Xbox mode '' to `` TV Mode '' , or vice versa . meaning if it is in TV mode , it will NOT control your XBOX , conversely , if it is in XBOX mode , it will NOT do things like change channels , or Power your TV on / off.so if it does n't seem to operate for your device , but it previously did , hit the tv button , and try it again , it may simply be in the other mode.if you just keep that in mind , you should have no problems with this excellent device .
 This item works great , the buttons are nice , setting it up to work with my TV was easy , and it does all the Xbox functions you need it to . It has a good shape and gits easily in your hand .
 Lets face it ! for some people golf is a boring game , but this game adds color and makes the game fun for non-golfers and extra fun for golfers . I would recommend this game to those who are willing to get to know golf but if you absolutely hate golf then this game is not for you.the loading time is seamless and the colors are vibrat . The framerate is fluid and the controls are easy to use.I just wish it had online capability . Every psp game should be online capable , those who do n't shows that the company is doing a half-xxx job .
 This is a great distraction game . It 's not as sophisticated or complicated as Tiger Woods but it 's a superb way to waste away time while waiting at the airport or in the restroom .
 I wo n't take long here . I own every major system , the 360 , PS3 and Wii , plus a PSP and a DS lite ... and Hot Shots Open Tee is probably the game I play the most out of ALL my games ! First off it 's great to play while you have a sporting event on the TV and want to sneak in some gaming at the same time . And Gameplay wise Hot Shots has the best golf engine on the market . Yeah it 's got the cute characters etc. . . but the Gameplay is what Rules ! Great game that has infinite replay value . Ca n't wait for the HSG game coming to PS3 ! HSG < Tiger Woods PGS . Not even close in the ball physics and realism dept. If you want real players and mediocre/unrealistic gameplay get Tiger . If you want `` rewarding and humbling '' golf the way golf should feel when played ... get HSG !
 Hot shots Golf is a very `` i like it game '' full of lots of excitement and entertainment . One thing about it though , there are a lot of collectible features . For instance lots of accessories and clothes.Also another cool thing is multiplayer . I like to play with my dad sometimes also . There is Tournement , match , and putting challenge.There is also a replay feature which allows you to see your hole in ones and you 're chip in 's . When you get further in the game you will also unlock a manual recording feature which allows you to record you 're longest putts or any other thing you want to do.One last thing , characters.There are 10 characters Mika , Rio , James , Roger , Logan , and i dont really remember the rest . But each one has a different amount of power , control , sidespin , and impact .
 They really put together a nice PSP version of the popular Hot Shots Golf game . Sporting all the great scenery and music we have all come to enjoy , the game still retains the same energetic game play in the PSP construct . I was impressed that after playing other games that have complicated controls and can be difficult on a small setting , Hot Shots Golf is easy to learn and rewarding to master . Great job on a fun classic . A definate buy !
 I must admit i 'm not the one that plays to many golf games , but when I played Hot Shots Golf on the PS2 I was blown away . Now on the psp it has come back to life in a very slick and interactive way . No more sitting in front of your TV , now get out in the real world and stroke your way to an Ace.Fast fairways and slick greens Hot Shots Golf for the psp is a must .
 Has the feel you would expect from a golf game . Good graphics . I like how winning tournaments and challenges opens up new characters and gives you different equipment that can alter your player attributes -LRB- ie
 When I first got my PSP , I could n't put down this game for several weeks . I also purchased Wipeout and Twisted Metal , but found those relatively boring in comparison.What makes it so fun ? There is so much depth to this game . The courses themselves are really pretty . Some of the holes have interesting tricks that you do n't realize until later . For example , one of the holes has a rocky path that connects distant parts of the fairway . After a while , I realized that a well place shot will bounce along the path and reach much further than would normally be possible . The game also has a variety of trick shots that are just difficult enough to execute that it really makes your day when you pull them off.The gameplay is also very polished . The audios and visual are excellent . I love how you can virtually fly over the course , changing elevation and direction to see all aspects of the hole . It really lets you plan out your shots . There are also tons of helpful indicators for planning your shot . The power meter has a little line graph over it to indicate relative elevation along the entire distance of your shot . It also color codes high spots in red and low spots in blue . A grid is also projected over the course to show where your ball could potentially land as you choose each club . When you putt , moving arrows appear to show the slope of the green . There are even more subtle hints like the flag blowing harder in strong winds . Despite all of these helpful hints , it 's still a challenge to interpret everything correctly and choose the shot.And that 's only the beginning . Suffice to say that it took several weeks of solid gameplay before I stopped being giddy . By then , I had apparently played over 200 games -LRB- one of the stats they track -RRB- . I am in the mid 200 's now and it 's still a lot of fun.If you have any interest at all in sports or golf , but this game ! You wo n't regret it .
 I am not a golf fan , I hate the sport , but after playing hot shots it seems fun . I got this game with my psp , so this is my only psp game I own . It is very fun , it never really gets boring , the graphics are awesome and there is virtually no loading times . I can sit and play this game for hours and the action does not stop . I am glad I bought it , it is a little challanging though , some courses are just plain hard to beat . At points I just get mad at the game because some shots are just impossible . That is why I did ` nt give this game a perfect rating . But dont get me wrong this game is worth the buy , and for it being one of the cheaper psp games it is definitly worth the money . Get it , play it , have fun .
 This game is so addictive that I waste time all day long at work , sneaking around just to play thi sgame . The characters are annoying , but the course design and game mechanics are excellent . Wisg there were more courses . Recommended . My current favorite PSP game
 I 'll start by saying that I love the Hot Shots franchise . I 've purchased every title on PS and PS2 . It 's the reason I bought this before Tiger Woods for the PSP . That said , this version has drawbacks . It 's great to play Hot Shots on the go and gameplay is a lot of fun . Nice graphics , sound , etc. . The downsides are multiple but in the end do n't ruin the game .1 . You ca n't play multiple players without multiple PSP 's . While I appreciate that Sony wants to sell units , this is a basic feature of video golf that should have been included .2 . Lack of training mini-games . If you 've played HS before you 'll pick up the subtleties quickly but c'mon , the one mini-game is a putting challenge ? Weak .3 . The road to unlocking all courses , players is loooong . Sure , most of the tournaments are nine hole which makes the game move quickly but you have to win so many that I literally played 130 games before I got all the courses and players . God forbid you accidentally overwrite your data and have to start over .4 . Some variants of the courses -LRB- long tees , mirror courses -RRB- are so difficult that you can get frustrated . The CPU players ability -LRB- at the upper ranks -RRB- to chip in from deep bunkers a hundred yards out can be annoying as well . There are several times where `` miracle shots '' on the CPU 's part will make you want to throw the game across the room.O.K . I 'm done . Yes , I mentioned a lot of issues but all in all it 's a fun game . I ca n't compare it to Tiger Woods ` cuz I have n't played that one . It 's worth your time if you love golf games and doubly so if you 're a Hot Shots afficianado .
 Excelente producto , cumple totalmente con el requerimiento , escelente entrega , buen negocio , muy agradecido . Llego en buen estado y perfectas condiciones
 This is a very good golf game ... I like Tiger Woods better . But this game can keep you occupied for a while . I highly recommend this game
 The PSP is one of the best systems for the gamer on the go , and sports titles that you can easily pick up and put down are , in my opinion , a good time . Hot Shots was one of the first titles to come out for the PSP , and while it 's age is showing and Tiger Woods golf is more in depth , Hot Shots is great if you just like a simple , yet fun , game of golf .
 I purchased this game for my husband and he enjoys it . I was not buying clubs and golf shoes because he has yet to learn how the play the sport .
 If you like golf at all , then you must get this game !! Lots of fun .
 I got this game thinking it was going to be silly , but it was cheap so why not try it . Since then I have played this game to death and then some . The golf is simple but very well done . The physics are well done , and you can shape your shots for low drives , high approach shots , curves around trees , etc. . There are 6 courses , several player and hundreds of silly items to unlock as you win events . A couple more courses would be nice , but they let you play them in ` mirror ' , so it almost feels like a new course . Loading times are very short , as usual for HSG on other systems . It 's a great , simple relaxing game that you wo n't be able to put down .
 Veteran PlayStation gamers know from experience that the HotShots Golf series is one of the greatest Golf games ever created . The PSP version lives up to everything that the series is known for and does not disappoint . With somewhere near 1000 items such as clothing and accessories to unlock as well as new courses and characters the game will have you picking up your clubs again and again . Throw in tons of visual surprises and hilarious voices and sound clips and you got an instant classic that will please everyone . Buy it and you wo n't be sorry .
 Hot shots Golf Open Tee for PSP is beautifully done . The graphics are outstanding for a device of its size and the levels challenging . It takes a number of tournaments to earn enough `` stars '' to graduate to the next levels and open up new course . It 's a great way to challenge your hand eye coordination . I would recommend the game for those who like playing and can find time to devote to playing on the PSP . I play a few times a week though I can go a few weeks without playing since I have to devote free time to other projects ; - -LRB- Have fun . I have n't tried the multi player mode so do n't know how it fares on adhoc nets .
 Delightful childlike personalities adding humor and warmth tothe competitive world of golf .
 This game is not out in the US yet ! I have the Japanese release -LRB- Minna No Golf Portable -RRB- and it 's a good handheld port of the console game . It will be available here on May 3 , 2005 .
 I 'm normally not a big sports game fan . But Hot Shots is so much fun with its customizeable characters and challenge modes that our entire family is now addicted to the game.First , the basics . You have a cartoon-style character that moves from hole to hole on a golf course , with the traditional line up , swing and putt golfing moves . When you win , you earn character customizations , new players , new courses , and more . You can then change your character 's hairstyle , outfit , clubs , balls , and even accessories . Many items give you bonusses and penalties . As you develop a playing style , you might work on gaining items that give you control , for example , at the expense of power.Maybe you 've done this sort of game before on a console - but you have n't seen this on a handheld ! The graphics are simply gorgeous . Each course has its own look and feel , from Japanese pagodas to misty mountains . The detail of the trees and surroundings is incredible.You might worry that the fine movements are hard to master - but actually they do a really good job with this and it becomes quite intuitive to power the main drive and to gently tap the ball into the hole.There are little quirks with the game . In most golf games , if you are too quick on hitting the ball , you `` hook '' -LRB- the ball curves left -RRB- and if you 're too late , you `` slice '' -LRB- the ball curves right -RRB- . But in this game , it seems that when you miss a perfect impact , it 's sort of random exactly what the ball does.There are a few graphic issues . If you hit your ball into a tree -LRB- by accident of course -RRB- , you can see that the ball hits the tree . When you move in close to do your next shot , it appears that the tree has vanished . But when you swing , POOF the tree appears again to block you : -RRB- Luckily for you , the computer opponents have the same issues . Sometimes a computer character will hit into a tree and feel stuck - so they hit back and forth in the woods until they give up -LRB- after 9 shots -RRB- . But these are really pretty minor issues that rarely come up . Like I said , we do n't normally play a lot of sports games - but this one is really rather addictive . I wish you earned new courses more quickly , but the lure of getting them gets you to perfect the courses you have available and to build up your score . You 're always earning more items , more bonusses , so even your small victories still give you a reward . The little cut-scenes are cute and add personality to the game.Highly recommended ! 4.5 / 5
 I will admit , I did n't have a PSP until I heard this was on the shelf . I 'm a Hot Shots Golf freak ! So knowing I could take this anywhere , the bathroom , my car , the kitchen , my bed and even in church -LRB- just kidding -RRB- I bought myself a PSP and picked up Hot Shots Golf Open Tee ! I 'm not a big expert on this system , but I was not expecting a little handheld to compare to the likes of Hot Shots Golf 3 or '' `` fore '' '' on the PS2 , but to my surprise , this game is like having the actual big games in the palm of your hand , and in some respects , it 's better . The big plus with this game is the ease and quickness of play . There are virtually no load times between holes and the gameplay is fast and responsive and looks pretty to boot . I ca n't believe how bright the game is.The game plays terrific and I have to say `` If it 's not broke , why fix it '' came into play with Hot Shots Golf Open Tee as the control scheme is identical to Hot Shots Golf 3 and Fore.So if you have played 3 or Fore , you 'll be right at home . The differences are in the courses and the new characters . You only have 6 courses to choose -LRB- in total -RRB- from this time , -LRB- which is pretty good for a handheld ... -RRB- The characters are all new . I think there are at least 15 golfers and some secret ones too . The problem is that you only start out with 2 golfers and 1 course . Kind of the bare minimum especially if you do n't want to take the time to earn the new ones , but you 'll have to . That said , the game is substantially longer and grueling , but I like this aspect , because people with handhelds can kill some serious time . It takes about 5-7 matches to earn a new character . Most are only 9 holes in the beginning , but it still takes an eternity to earn new characters . Some might like this aspect , some may not . Along the way you earn new threads -LRB- wardrobes -RRB- hats , shirts , jewelery , shoes , etc. . It took me about an hour to just earn the first secret character and a new course to play on!The courses are all new and gives new freshness to the series . No more `` Sakura '' from past games which was one of my favorite courses , but these are very good too , and challenging to boot , Do n't let the cheesy graphics fool you . Speaking of graphics ... The game is extremely fast pace and control for your swin is right on . You only press the X button in multiple sessions in Hot Shots Golf 3 . It may still seem like old school control and maybe they should have given us more options , but even without the analog stick to control your swing , I still feel right at home with Hot Shots and you will too . For people that simply can not line up your `` impact meter '' they offer an automatic swing too for people who ca n't do it so you could hand this over to your uncle John to play ! Although this easier , they do punish people who use it by taking away power from your swing.Wow , I never knew the PSP could look this good . Hot Shots Golf Open Tee looks amazing . Sure the zany characters are still annoying at times , but the overall look of Open Tee is a lot sharper and the backgrounds are very picturesque to boot ! There are some magnificent use of photo backdrops that mesh with the golfing environments perfectly . After you play a game , `` while not important to the gameplay , you get doused with some full motion video of moving clouds and ocean tides running up along a beach , wow ! As you progress through a round of golf , you 'll notice little added touches like day turning into dusk and dusk turning into day . Clouds move through the sky and rain starts to pour . The water holes , ponds , lakes etc. . . looks pretty darn real and it might want to make you want to take a swim.So how is the sound ? Well . They totally redid the music and it 's all new stuff , and I have to say it meshes with the action perfectly and your headphones are a must ! Cheesy comments from characters after crazy shots and good enviromental effects , but a bit skimpier than it 's PS2 cousin . I need more birds `` a chirpin '' . Your caddies , while included , they never seem to make an appearance in the actual game , so I 'm not sure why they are even a choice in the game ? They do n't even help you ? Hmmm . . I do n't know much about the technical aspects of the game , I have not tried to play it over a `` network '' as you are offered the option to play with 8 other golfers over a network `` LAN '' line . The game is `` NOT ONLINE '' which will be a disappointment to many , but never threat , as a single player experience and the massive `` challenge mode '' you will be happy as this is one of the best PSP games and a must own for golfing fans . ** Final Call ** A must have PSP game .
 If you have a PSP , you already know what the graphics can do . Now watch it get better with Hot Shots Golf Open Tee ! This is an amazing game , and a worthy addition to the franchise . Every part of this game is great . The sound effects are amazing -LRB- kill the music in the options first though -RRB- . Even when you play it through the PSP 's speakers instead of the headphones , you get a surround-sound sense of it all . Birds , voices in the distance , wind blowing around you ... all this and more await you on the links ! The character animation is good , though the faces do n't do much . I miss seeing the caddy go skidding across the grass after the ball , but that 's just a small thing.The courses are different from the PS2 version too . Some are harder than others , and the weather always plays a factor in your shots . Still , the controls are easy to use -LRB- almost exactly like the PS2 version -RRB- , and easy to adapt to.Play the challenge mode to win clothing and clubs , and to unlock characters and courses . Not quite like buying in the shop like the console versions , but at least you unlock something.All in all , fans of the franchise should n't be disappointed .
 I love the game 's simple game play . Line up , adjust swing for yardage , and hit for sweet spot - make the ball fly . Putting on the green is made simple if you follow the lines on the grid . Challenge mode lets you unlock various Golf courses . Overall , worth every single penny . Love the game , love the characters .
 This is a great game . No `` ifs '' and `` buts '' . I was somewhat surprised by how much I liked this game , since I am not normally a fan of golf games . Most of them bore me pretty much right away . This however , is fast moving and great fun . It does n't take long to play a tournament or a match.It is an odd game in some ways . Some of the courses look very realistic . At the same time , the style of the characters is comic-oriented . Balls fly off like rockets or leave burn-marks on the green . When the ball bounces of rocks , littke `` thock , thock , thock , ... '' bubbles appear . It would seem that all that does not go well with relatively photo-realistic scenery , but for some reason , it really works!The game is easy to play , yet at the same time , is is surprisingly deep . I almost dare say that it provides more information and options to consider than most other games I played , yet the interface is done outstandingly well , and it all just seems very natural.I have played this game for hours , and it has made many trans-atlantic plane rides much more pleasant . And I probably wo n't stop playing it until I beat the last opponent , won the last tournement , and unlocked the last useless little gimmick there is to have ...
 This game is why I bought a PSP . If you have enjoyed the previous Hot Shots games on the PS2 then you will like this.The graphics are excellent quality . -LRB- Almost as good as the PS2 -RRB- I have only played for about 2 hours and have only played on the first of six courses . The load times are fast unlike Tiger Woods . I find the 3 click swing meter more challenging then the popular analog stick style swing . This game is a bit different then the Hot Shots games of the past because you can collect 250 different items such as clothing and equipment for your golfer.The gameplay is what makes Hot Shots my favorite golf game . You can get through 18 holes in less then 15 minutes . My only complaint so far is that it is too easy . Most likely it will get harder as I progress through the game . This game is highly recommended .
 Have you ever played a golf game ? If not this is the one for you . Well it 's the one for me anyway . I do n't have the ability to play real golf , so this is as good as it gets for me . Which is just fine by me . Hot Shots for PSP is an excellent cross platform game . You ca n't ask for better graphics , well you can always ask . Let me rephrase ; you do n't need better graphics than this for any golf game . You can try Tiger Woods or LPGA Tour but their graphics will leave you wanting . Hot Shots gives you `` cartoony '' -LRB- I do n't know if cartoony is a word -RRB- style graphics that will suprise you . The game play and controls are easy enough for an 8 year old to pick up , but an older/better gamer can enjoy the fine art of the system as well . The replayability of HSG is found in building your characters via playing challenges for items like ; a pair of sunglasses or a pin stripe suit . Now I know what your thinking ... I wo n't play through a game to get a frying pan for a driver ! HSG rewards you by giving you diffrent attributes for each item , whether you wear them or not . If you win a shirt or `` body '' article of clothing your profile , not that individual character , gains power . If you win an item for your head you gain control or spin . Let me make it clear that your profile not your individual character gain these benefits . So , any character you play gains those benefits . However you do gain a `` loyalty '' bonus of for using characters over and over . While serious golfers may find games like Golden Tee to their liking , even they will get enjoyment from this game . The average gamer will play it over and over just to unlock everything . The casual gamer will enjoy the fact that most rounds of play can be completed in about 10 minutes , with the ability to save in between every round . All in all -LRB- and other such cliche 's as pound for pound and dollars to donuts -RRB- Hot Shots Golf is the best golf game on PSP ! The only reason I gave it 4 stars for a fun rating is I have n't played the Wi-Fi or Ad-Hoc play yet , but I 'm sure it 's more fun than playing the cpu all the time . The cpu can be a little anoying in it 's shot choices . Do n't let that detour you though . This is a great buy !
 After I finally burned out on Lumines -LRB- though not really , the addiction is just dormant -RRB- , I went out looking for something with similar qualities
 I 'M ADDICTED ... This game is just unbelievable . I 've been a HSG fan since the original Playstation and I was pretty happy to see it was on the PSP . I was at Best Buy and I could n't decide . This , or X-men 2 ? I 'm damn happy I got this game . 250 unlockables , unbelievable graphics , nice sound , and ADDICTING . Oh wow.Graphics
 I can not get enough of this game . I do n't think I have ever been addicted to a golf game before , but this game is like crack ; I just ca n't get enough of it . I 've played one or two of the Mario Golf games before , but they seemed to be too complicated and RPG-ish for me . Hot Shots Golf -LRB- HSG -RRB- , in contrast , feels a little more straightforward . You still have to build up your character , but you do n't have to walk all over the place to find courses to play on like in the last Mario Golf game I played.The gameplay follows the classic series of three button-presses - once to start the meter , a second time to set the distance , and a final time to set your impact -LRB- how straight you will hit the ball -RRB- . The learning curve is fairly simple , so just about anybody can pick up and play this game , but you eventually learn to put spin on the ball so you can be more accurate.I have n't played many games from the HSG series , but I understand that the six courses in this game are all brand new . There 's a few holes that have some fun little obstacles that , if you can overcome them , allow you to get much closer to the green on your first hit -LRB- on holes with par greater than 3 -RRB- . There are tons of unlockables , including better clubs , balls , characters , and clothing items , plus you have to play through challenge mode to power up your character.There is a putting mode where you are placed on a green with up to five holes to put for , each one with different point levels , so you can go for the easy putt for a few points or the long putt for big points . It 's fun for awhile and helps you with your putting skills , but I definitely would have preferred a mini-golf game to this . My only other complaint is that there are only six courses and you do n't unlock them nearly fast enough so you feel like you 're playing the same holes over and over again.Overall , a great game . I do believe I 've caught it cheating a few times -LRB- my cursor is pointed to the green with a water hazard on the right and the wind blowing to the left , I hit the ball with perfect impact and land in the water - how is that physically possible , I ask you ? -RRB- . I definitely recommend this HSG Open tee if you 're a fan of the series or a fan of golf games in general , and as you can see , it 's a pretty enjoyable game even if you 've never really played golf games before . It 's perfect for the PSP because you can pick it up and play it anytime , even if you only have a few minutes because of the sleep function on the PSP . Even if you have to turn the PSP off completely , it will save your game data so you can finish the match later .
 I loved Hot Shots for PS2 , so this was the first game I bought when I picked up my PSP . I was at first a little disappointed in that I had to win items rather than buying them , but it works out well as there are just too many costume pieces/equipment upgrades to keep track of . There is a large enough assortment of characters to make playing a new experience each time , especially with all the outfitting combinations.I have several PSP games now , but constantly find myself popping them out to squeeze in just one or two short courses for fun . Each course has its own pros and cons , but the Dino Park course is so maddening that you feel compelled to return to it even though it frustrates the daylights out of you.I have yet to experience any freezes in game play like I have with other games -LRB- Battlefront II , Lord of the Rings : Tactics -RRB- , and the graphics are as tight as the full-size console versions.If you 're looking for a game with a high replay factor that you may want to occasionally hand off to a kid to keep them quiet for a while , this is the game to get . Easy to learn , always a way to challenge yourself .
 To get things started , understand I do n't play golf unless windmills & goofy looking animal statues are involved . I realize a LOT of people love golf & I say more power to them -- I 'm just not a golfer . Also , I like quirky games -- I think Destroy All Humans is a laugh riot , & the GTA series is fascinating . That being said , I wanted something fun & quirky to play on the PSP I got . The box for this game caught my eye in the store so I read the reviews here & decided to pick it up . The golf courses are realistic & the players are fun . It 's not so real that I would not be interested , but it 's not so far out or kid-oriented that I would n't breeze through it one time & toss it to one side . It is challenging & the graphics are phenomenal -LRB- I remember PONG & the original Atari deck to give you a guess at my age -RRB- . Well worth the price & suitable & challenging for any age group .
 I recommend renting any PSP or video game before you buy it for your child . My 12 year old daughter loves this game !
 HSGOT works very well as a handheld game , though there are pretty limited game modes
 What can I say ? This game is just fab . The speed of the gameplay is impressive , the loading time of courses and shots are lightning fast , and the more you play the better your characters get.Pros :1 . Controls are easy to learn2 . Hints help you advance your skills3 . Fast , fast , fast . This game really takes advantage of the PSPs capabilities .4 . Character confidence . Seems the better you do , they better your character ` thinks ' they can do . Interesting spin for a game .5 . Ability to start and stop . Because the courses can be played at 18 or 9 holes , you can easily pick this up for 5-50 minutes.Cons :1 . Price . Would like to see PSP games come back down to earth .2 . Would love to be able to play on the Net , not just LAN .3 . Wish you could swap accessories and equipment with other people 's PSPs . Trading would make for interesting network or friend gameplay.Overall : Highly Recommended . This is probably one of the best PSP games out at the moment . A definite must for golf fans and people who like a challenge .
 i 'm not really a golf kinda guy but this was an exception . In the game , you start off with only 2 characters , a boy and a girl both with different stats . When playing golf , you use 2 clicks of the x button , one to control power , and one to control accuracy . You may also use a variety of spins such as top spin and back spin to help your game . This game requires some patience and a great amount of accuracy . There are so many things you have to keep in mind . The slope , the wind , etc. etc. but overall it is such a fun game , i 'm glad i chose to buy this game .
 Gameplay if great , fast , easy to learn , and the graphics are superb ! This game really shows you what the PSP is capable of when it comes to graphics . I honestly can not tell the difference between the grapics on this and the graphics on the PS2 version.Each time you win a game in the challenge mode , you unlock something new , which keeps the game exciting . Also , as long as you do not remove the game from the PSP , you can pick up right where you left off , which means you can get through a round quickly just by playing for a few minutes here and there . There are no long load times . Well worth the money and so far , one of the best PSP games currently available .
 I ordered this game on the 7th of august and received it to my overseas address on the 13th . The game is simple to learn but takes hours and hours to master . I loved the graphics and the PSP controls were simple and easy to use . I would recommend this game to anyone , including people who think they do n't like golf games . The characters are fun and the gameplay is challenging . A must have for your PSP .
 When Tiger is not playing hos real golf game , he 's playing his other favorite golf game which is this Hot Shots Golf - Open Tee . It 's packed with great graphics and although cartoonistic , it is very realistic.Great game !
 Lots of fun , realistic challenges and frustrations for golf couch potatoes young and old !
 This is one of my favorite strategy games . I was disaponted when I upgraded ot Vista and then to Windows 7 , this game is playable , but barely on those systems . It might play fine via XP Mode on Windows 7 Pro , Enterprise , or Ultimate , but have not tried it .
 this is a great game whether you are average joe or emergency personnel . It 's strategy at it 's best .
 The monkey island series are perhaps the greatest video game series ever , even pitting up against the likes of Final Fantasy , Zelda and all the other great ones.It 's a shame not too many people have actually played the games.But perhaps this , now on a mainstream platform , will change things.For those familiar with the older games , there is no such thing as monkey lite on this thing . It 's hard right from the get go . I feel sorta dumb after the fact , but the cannon puzzle really had me stumped . -LRB- I wo n't spoil it for you -RRB- : -RRB- But the main con to this game is the horrendously slow loadtimes and sometimes choppy animation . Whenever a monkey comes on screen , it 's not smooth AT ALL . It 's pretty embarrassing if you focus on that , but luckily , not a lot of action takes place int he game . It 's more a thinker game.Do yourself a favor and pick this one up .
 You could say I 've been living under a rock , but this is my first Monkey Island game . I 've rented it at least three times -LRB- I do n't know why I just do n't buy it -RRB- . The game in itself is hilarious , with the crazy characters and odd gameplay . I love this game especially , though , becuase of it 's magnificent level of difficulty . It definitely isn ; t easy , but I 've never been frustrated or thought it was hard . I also love the way that it 's not a normal game in the sense that you have to collect golden coins or kill enemies . You do n't just have to press buttons-you actually have to think about the solutions to the strange puzzles . Lastly , the graphics and sound are of a good quality . If you have never tried a Monkey Island game before and have somewhat older kidsm just trust us on this one and buy this game . It 's awesome !
 I suppose you could say that I 've been living underground , as this is the first exposure that I 've had to the Monkey Island series . I bought this game based on the cover art and the concept . I was looking for an inventive game , and boy , did I get one . I 've never encountered a game quite like Escape from Monkey Island , and it depresses me that it is the last game in the series . The puzzles are challenging , but only because they require thought . The jokes are incredibly funny , and they last through the entire game . Although I 've never played any of the other Monkey Island or LucasArt games , I picked up on a lot of the inside jokes and laughed some more . The interaction with the settings was unique , as were the responses from other characters . The music was fitted perfectly to the theme , and was highly addictive without being annoying . The gameplay was slick . The graphics were sharp and colorful . The only drawback I can think of is the insanity of Monkey Kombat . I did n't like that I had to go online to figure out how to win Monkey Kombat and advance to the end of the game . The designers could have come up with something less involved in that situation , which is the singular reason why I gave the game only 4 stars.Overall , this is a wonderful game . I highly recommend that you check it out .
 A lot of people play Escape From Monkey Island for one minute and think it 's boring . Well , THEY 'RE TOTALLY WRONG . This game is awesome . If you like action and very challenging puzzles , and yes monkeys , then you 'll love this game . The whole point of the game is you -LRB- the main character -RRB- just got back from a 3 month honeymoon on a ship with your wife . Your wife is the governer of an island in the caribbean . Since you and your wife were away so long , the 2 of you are pronounced dead at sea . So you have to go to another island and get some family lawyers to help with the `` dead at sea '' problem and get your wife 's job back -LRB- which is a life term -RRB- . I wo n't tell you anymore about the game except that he gets mixed up with a lot of other things which brings you to puzzles that have to be solved throughout the game . My advice to you if you plan on buying the game and you 're not a genius with a whole lot of creativity , which is needed to do the mind-juggling puzzles , you might as well print a walkthrough off the internet . Also , throughout the game , go everywhere you possibly can on the map and look around for stuff you can pick up . You might even pick up stuff you do n't need but it 's always good to go EVERYWHERE on the maps . I ca n't stress it enough . Another little secret about the game is when you 're on Lucre Island , go into the `` Palace of Protheses '' and talk to the guy about gettting prothsettic stuff . -LRB- I know I 'm probably spelling protheses wrong , but go with the flow -RRB- . Anyway , ask him about free stuff and he 'll tell a story and you 'll put names in the story . After that , you get a free protheses . He might offer the same free one as you might already have , but keep trying until you get all of them including the head , liver , guts , heart , feet , butt , and stomach . Once you have all of those , combine all of them together , which you would know how to do if you 're this far in the game . But , if you got the prothesetic skin too , do n't combine it with all of the other 7 protheses . Once you combine all 7 , go to the start menu , and go under options . Now there will be an option called `` Pong '' ... which if you like video games you should know this classic . Anyway , if you like mind-puzzling adventure games , I highly suggest you get this game . If you do n't have Playstation 2 , you can get the computer version .
 Everyone knows the PC-style adventure game category 's been hurtin ' for some action for a while now , and many previoully devout followers have strayed from the genre , looking elsewhere to slate their thirst for a good story.But take heart , my comrades in the never-ending battle for quality adventure games , all hope is not lost!A messiah has finally come to deliver the faitful from this purgatorial plateau of thebanal.Classic Q&A style storytelling , mind joggingly scrumptious puzzles , zany wit and over the top silliness , plus visual candy that 'll strip your saliva glands bare from all juices , await for the willing gamer.Doesn ' t that sound delicious?Of course it does.And yet , all good things do come with a price.Ironically , the pop culture heavy humor that is Monkey Island tends to go a bit overboard at times -LCB- no pun intended -RCB- , leaving you with a tummy full of sour grog.But then again , what 's a piratey adventure without some seasickness , argh?Overall , YOU CA N'T GO WRONG WITH THIS FINALE TO A LUCAS ARTS LEGACY , so be sure not to miss the boat .
 I have played a demo version of this game at a computer show in the Uk and i have to say that what i saw was pretty impressive . This is the 4th in the series and the best to date . This games see 's the return to Melee Island when our hero entounters more puzzles and hilarious conquests . This is a must have for any fan of the previous outings , as its shows with age that the Monkey Island series can still be new and exciting
 This gem of a game is - by far - the best adventure game to come out since classics such as ZORK and A Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy . It 's part four of the Monkey Island series -LRB- MI in short -RRB- but you do n't need to play the first three to enjoy it - I did n't play them and I had a blast . -LRB- Reading the story in the manual will make sense of most of the previous game reference jokes -RRB- It 's quirky humor and odd references to pop culture here and there make a laugh out loud funny game . However , the game is not all fun and games . The puzzles range from medium-hard to near impossible , people who have played and enjoyed the `` Army Men '' series press your < BACK > button now . The interface is excellent for a ported game from the PC , but be patient for loading times . By far the best feature of this game I 've noticed is that there is NO way to permenantly screw something up . You ca n't die or use up all of your items you need later . Feel free to try everything and anything , and you 'll need to!If you do decide to purchase this game , do NOT , and I repeat DO NOT purchase or download any sort of guide or FAQ for this game . It 's a waste of your money because it 'll ruin the game . Once you know what to do , there is no thrill or thought involved.With a more precise rating system , I 'd give EFMI 4.5 stars . 1/2 star off for the shortness of the game -LRB- only 3 Acts then the ending battle -RRB- and loading times . All in all , an excellent game for the puzzle minded .
 I absolutely loved this game!The characters , the music , the art , the dialog . . it 's all just done so amazingly well.The worst part about it for me was when it ended . . I just wanted it to keep going.I really , really hope they make another one.Unfortunately a game like this is not easy to sell to the general gaming public . It 's hard to advertise to people what is so great about it and because of that I would imagine that it 's difficult to sell many copies.I can only guess about the outrageous number of hours and the extreme amount of effort that must have gone into making this game.I do n't know how many copies have sold , but I do n't think it 's nearly enough to make up for the amount of work that went into it.If you can manage to do so , I recommend playing all the other monkey island games first -LRB- in order -RRB- to really immerse yourself in the Monkey Island world.Monkey Island 1 and 2 are pretty old so do n't expect to be impressed with graphics or sound but they 're both still great fun.Monkey Island 3 -LRB- The Curse of Monkey Island -RRB- is a more recent release that is comparable to this game in quality . . even without the 3D graphics . . it too is a great game !
 This is a vary fun and hard game to play.IF YOU KNOW HOW TO PLAY IT !!! dont play this game unless you are a GREAT gamer and know what to do because you are just a good gamer and know your video games or have the book to go along with it . man , i would still be at the first leavel clueless if i dident have the gide for it .
 IGnore the cheap title but I think this game is truely one of the classics on PS2 . The story is great and the graphics are PC quality and the controls are very simple.To tell the truth I hadd n't played a monkey Island since the first -LRB- so I must find the others -RRB- and the story is got me lost , at first . You easily pick up the facts ofm what you missed.I will caution right now that this not a game of action , to win you have to think . So trigger happy redneck gameres stay away . However for any one else who likes a good comedy as well as fun and challenging game , buy this .
 This game is GREAT ! The only game thats better right now is Twisted Metal
 4 star fun rating is because of all the game 's bugs -LRB- little programing errors that they did n't catch -RRB- the only one i hit was in monkey combat , i could n't get through cause it would freeze up and i would hav to restart the game -LRB- i do n't know if it on cpu version i have ps2 version -RRB- it did it each time so i played to that spot again -LRB- like 5 sixths of the way in -RRB- and it did it AGAIN !!!!!!! te game itself is hillarious i used online guides for the puzzles i could n't figure out . it has more bugs than what i found -LRB- looking on various websites makes it odvious -RRB- i rate it 4 stars because of the bugs .
 ok this game is the best ! i have it for pc and am getting it for ps2 soon . and to all you monkey island fans -LRB- yarr -RRB- this is a must buy . enjoy more priatey fun and adventures witht eh returning of guybrush , otis , carla , elane -LRB- plunderbunny -RRB- and a whole lotta buncha monkeys . get it !!
 This is part 4 out of 4 . I got ta say i 've been playing monkey island ever since i accidently discovered it and i 've been hooked . Believe it or not i learned a lot of things from it , like what `` grog '' is and a lot of other things . This game requires you to use your head and use found objects to create tools to escape all kinds of challenges . Part I was excellent Part II was pretty good too , part 3 -LRB- Curse of Monkey island -RRB- is probably my favorite . I 'll be honest in Curse of monkey island i got to the very last challenge and I never completed it . It was quite hard and was taking sooooo long that i just quit the game ... but the overall game is great and so humerous and helarious i love it . The best thing is you really ca n't die in the game unless you discover a secret way to . Another great thing is it usually has 2 different endings depending on which route you took during the game . I love it !!! And i want Part 5 to be released already !!!!! If you 've never played this game , start with Part I -LRB- graphics are a little old and 2d but it looks classic -RRB- if you can find it in stores , that way you wo n't be confused with the story line ! Part 3 -LRB- curse of MI -RRB- is more of a great cartoon look , and part 4 -LRB- escape from MI -RRB- is a 3d game which is kinda hard to control he tends to walk the opposite way you press the arrow key ! You 'll have to get used this one . Hope this helps : /
 The Monkey Island series is indeed quite fun and witty , with a lot to recommend them to fans of adventure/puzzle games . I enjoyed this game immensely as I was playing it , but ultimately was somewhat disappointed in the total experience . My quibble is two-fold . My first objection concerns the puzzles
 This game is as good as Grim Fandango ! It 's funny , piratey and cartoonish and full of loony and clever characters . Guybrush Threepwood -LRB- the hero -RRB- returns once again and this time he 's 3-D ! Cool ! I have n't yet finished the game but I 'm working on it . Go play it ! I 'm sure you 'll love it as much as I do !
 I 've read many people 's view of this game on the internet ... and some treat it like the worst game ever made . There are some very mixed views as well . For instance , some say the puzzles are too easy , others say they are too hard . A lot of all time Monkey Island fans say this is not as good as the last three , as the point n ' click method has been abandoned in favour of using the keyboard , and they HATE the 3d graphics.In my personal opinion , this game is good . It 's just as good as `` The Curse Of Monkey Island '' -LRB- the 3rd game -RRB- , or perhaps better . It 's also funnier than the last games , as there are tons of references to movies , especially `` Star Wars '' . This game starts off at where the last one finished , where Guybrush and Elaine get married and the demonically evil demon/zombie/ghost / pirate Le Chuck has been burried under a mountain of ice . When they arrive back at Ml&eacute;e Island after their honeymoon , they find that Elaine has been declared dead , and a new govenor called Charles L. Charles has arrived to take her position , and decides to destroy her mansion -LRB- but the catapult operator is absolute garbage at throwing rocks -RRB- Elaine needs to run for govenor in order to beat Charles L. Charles . Meanwhile Guybrush has to do everything his wife tells him to do , which results in various problems , like being framed for bank robbery and trying to win a diving contest.The previous games ' graphics were in 2D , but the 3D graphics here look pretty good , especially the detailed backgrounds.The music is also great in this game . Some of tunes will get stuck in your head for weeks!I give the game 4 stars , because of a few letdowns like the stupid ending and Monkey Kombat .
 I loved the Monkey Island series growing up and this new version was lots of fun . Almost every line of dialogue had me cracking up .
 Not the best game in the series but definitley worth buying and playing if you 're a monkey island fan , i love all the monkey island games and this one fits right in with the rest , if you 're a monkey island fan or just a fan of old school point and click adventure games , this one is for you .
 Escape From Monkey Island is probably one of the funniest titles on PS2 . You run around trying to solve puzzles with a well written story.GAMEPLAYEscape From Monkey Island 's Gameplay is quite simple . You control Guybrush . Walk over to an object and ways you can interact with it include talking to it , picking it up , or using a different object with it . The gameplay might seem pretty boring right now , but you just have to see it yourself . Rent a copy or watch a gameplay video on the internet . But if your a gamer that wants action-packed , epic , hard games , Escape From Monkey Island is not for you . The gameplay is n't much because it settles more on its story.GRAPHICSFor a PS2 game that came out in 2000 , the graphics could be much better . A problem is that the backgrounds are all 2D while everything else -LRB- characters , objects , etc. -RRB- are all 3D . It 's not that big of a problem , but its kind of akward.STORYAmazing . One word.WHICH CONSOLE ??? Get a PS2 version . If you get a PC / Mac version , you need two CDs for it to run . The control is much better on PS2.However , the PS2 version suffers long load times.OVERALLGet it . NOW !
 This is a problem solving game with a difference . You are the character of Guybrush Threepwood who was a wannabe pirate who becomes an unlightly pirate . You start off with him coming back from his honeymoon with the beautiful and intelligant -LRB- unlike Guybrush -RRB- Elaine Marley . From there you have to solve various problems from stopping pirates who are taking over your ship to recruiting a new crew to saving the Tri-Island area and off course escaping from Monkey Island . In simple terms you have to work out how to do this by going around the Island -LRB- s -RRB- asking questions and solving the various problems put in front in you . The thing is it 's not case of putting 1 and 2 together and getting 3 , it 's more like putting 3 and 7 together to get 3 . It dos n't seem right but works and done with a lot of comedy and laughs . For example you have to use a fish with a light on to get to be able to see underwater . Now if you already played this you already know this ! But for those and everybody else this is a hugly funny and if not as funny as the previous one 's it 's probably funnier . The only down side is if you get stuck on one of the problems and do n't seem like you can go further . But this is still a brilliant game with plenty of laugh 's and lot 's of brilliant problems .
 I would n't pay full price for it , but over all , I enjoyed this game - bright , fun graphics ; silly dialogue ; clever and cute . It was not supreme quality in graphics or load times , but still fun . My only gripe is that some of the puzzle solutions make no sense - you have to pick up things you ca n't see on the screen , or do things that are very counterintuitive . I had to look up walk-through hints once or twice and had a good eyeroll at the solutions . But those few things aside , it was an enjoyable game .
 This game just did n't live up to the other 3 previous games . The graphics were great , but the puzzles were complicated and incredably illogical . I often found myself asking , what is the point ? The dialogue was good , but sometimes kind of repetitive . They had somewhat of a good idea for a plot , but it went awry . I 'm glad I only rented this game and did n't waste too much money .
 This is one of the funnest games i have ever played . The first 3 are good but i would say that this is one is by far the best . The graphics are good and the story is extremely funny . It has adventure and puzzels which make for a good game . It is best for people 10 and up because some of the puzzels are a little difficult . It is great for adults and has a really cool `` mini game '' inside the actual game called monkey combat . It is extremely fun and i rate this a 5 out of 5
 This is definitely the funniest game I have ever played.Great characters , Cartoonish graphics and lots of monkeys!Graphics
 As a big fan of MGS and the like , it took me a while to get into this game , but once you 've been playing for an hour or so you really get lost in the plot as the game progresses . I find some of the screens anoying at times as the camera zooms right out to a birds eye view , but apart from that the backdrops/scenes are great . Packed full of wise cracks that actually make you laugh/snigger/smile and even feel stupid at times . If you want a fast action/adventure , this game is not for you , but if you always dreamed of living inside a cartoon and love a deep whacky plot , then Escape from Monkey Island the game ! ...
 This one is sort of like `` McGyver Meets The Kids In The Hall '' . I have n't played any of the rest of the series , but I am pleasently surprised with this game . The only real downfall is the ever present and seemingly unnecessary load times , but I wo n't harp on that . Be forwarned , this is not a game for the uneducated gamer -LRB- see the review by `` MoMo from Cerritos , CA '' -RRB- . This is DEFINATELY a thinking person 's game full of puzzles that will deprive you of sleep and sometimes leave you a bit frustrated ... but with a BIG grin on your face . Also , if you 're very short on patience , you may find this game a bit tedious and boring . Other than that , if you 've got lots of time , a twisted sense of humor , a very sharp mind , and , I suggest , a strategy guide for those ridiculously impossible puzzles , pick this one up . Thankfully the instruction manual has a walkthru for the first few missions of the game . This will at least get you thinking on the game 's level ... and that 's scary .
 i bought this game a few months ago and i havent beaten it but i can say this is one of the greatest adventure games i 've ever played . it goes up there with greats like willie beamish and hmm ... nope ca n't remember any others right now but its like when sega had all thoughs games like this that was realy fun . you do n't see very many games at all like this so do n't let this one slip by.there are only about two errors in the game , very challenging puzzels and best of all monkeys , insults and arm wresteling .
 When i first rented this game , i thought it was going to be dumb . But while playing it , i realized how challenging and fun this game can be . The jokes hilarious , the insults are great , and so is the story line . A must buy for rpg fans .
 Captain 's log : -- every day I remember my last 3 visits to monkey island . The air was warm , the jungles had the sweet smell of bananas , and most of all , the monkeys . So many monkeys . After all my other trips to that crazy island , I would have to say this one was the most exciting . Elaine and I are newly wed , but for some reason my plunderbunny has been declared deceased . It is up to me to help declare her alive again , and it is up to me to stop a very familiar looking Charles L. Charles from being declared Governor over my sweetheart . One heck of an adventure is afoot , so come along and join me on the biggest journey of all time . Will I `` Escape from Monkey Island ? '' You be the judge . Guybrush Threepwood
 Monkeys , pirates , arm-wrestling , and insults . What more could you ask for in a game ?
 monkey island is a hilariously animated adventure game with wacky names and cool puzzles , definately a huge hit with everyone -LRB- including kids -RRB- . a wickid mind testing game with funny gags and is user friendly please buy this game and see what i mean
 Max Payne is great . Although is face is sort of ... graphically challenged , the game is spectacular . This game has a really good rep and its not just one of those games you look at and say `` I 've never heard of that game so it must not be that important , '' , the game is great and has 10 out of 10 violence and has alot to do with the mafia and the NYPD . It took me 12 and 3/5 hours to beat straight through . MP gives you the chance to zoom into the game and be Max yourself . Now the question remains ... what will you do when you walk home from work and find your wife and baby dead with blood spread everywhere ? Exactly . Play and you 'll see .
 Buy this game ! Guild wars has amazing graphics and a intresting combat engine . I have not played the PvP section of the game , yet , only the role-playing section . Guild wars is an fun and interesting game . Amazing graphics . You can see every detail in your players body . I im a hardcore gamer and belive me this game has amazing graphics . The game is a solid built MMORPG destined to be on of the greatest games of the year . Some of the monsters can be overwelming though . I usually travel with some henchmen . You can also get help from friends on quests . Buy this game .
 I love this game . The oriental setting is a good setting for guild wars . The new armors look cool . -LRB- ie giving warriors a samuai like appearance . -RRB- The assassin class is alot of fun .
 Have played the Guild Wars series aince it started 5 years ago.I own them all and have given many as gifts to others who in turn have brought more new players into a game series where once you buy the game ; there is no more cost to play . No monthly fees and lot 's of new content being added as the games get older . Now I wait for the new Guild Wars 2 to come out and will play it along with my older favorites in this series.Try them ; I am sure you will like them all.Amazon has always been great in getting me all my purchases promptly and they have dealers who go far above the normal call of duty to get them where they belong ; when they belong there .
 I bought this as a present for a friend . I have been playing all four campaigns for nearly two years now and still find it engrossing . One of the BEST features is that you do NOT pay a monthly fee , -LRB- sometimes as much as $ 50 -RRB- to play a game you OWN .
 Basically this game is very good for when you do n't have or do n't want to spend the money on any other game . I 've played basically every other mmo and this one is a little more laid back , less serious , while still keeping the fun up . Endgame is kind of lacking though , as all you can really do is those elite missions and more pvp .
 On its own , Factions is a good role-playing and PvP MMORPG . And only in Factions can you create the assassin and ritualist professions.The plague-infested streets in the beginning of the role-playing game are dull , but the landscapes get much better once you 're out of town . The storyline is interesting , but not as good as Prophecies or Nightfall . So when I created my assassin , I played Factions long enough to collect a few good skill combos then took the character to Nightfall.If you enjoy PvP then you 'll get into the alliance battles where teams on opposing sides play territorial games to redraw the battlemap for their guild 's chosen faction . Some find it fun , I feel PvP is frustrating . Thus I give the game a fun-factor rating of 3 stars . Overall I give 5 stars for the excellent graphics , character development , skills and role-playing options , which include challenge missions -LRB- great fun -RRB- . The best part about ANY Guild Wars game is there 's no monthly fee ... just buy the game . The Guild Wars online store is available in the login user interface , and offers special game upgrade purchases at reasonable prices .
 I love the Guild Wars series . I love the games to it . Guild Wars 2 is coming out so I will have to buy the next update to the game to complete the story line . Now all I need are the books ... NO CONS
 I 've played cracked versions of this game . Never tried the console versions ; from what I 've read on the web , they do n't seem to be much different from the PC version.To make it easier to play on my PC , I 've made an image of the game . Then , a disk image loader is used to load that file before playing the game . No need to take the CD out of the jewel case whenever I need to play or reinstall the game.It 's shorter than I remember it . If I were an insanely great coder , I 'd make a bot for this game , so I could just sit back and watch this game play itself . I 'd hook my laptop to the HDTV in the living room and enjoy it . That 's how great it is for me . I love Taz ! One of the best cartoon characters EVER .
 In Chopper Command , you control a helicopter protecting a convoy of trucks . Enemy choppers and jets attempt to destroy them as they circle around.Enemies do n't necessarily shoot at you , but rather shoot up or down to hit the trucks . Death is often caused by playing too aggressively and ramming into an enemy , or when a bomb splits and bounces back up.After each wave you get bonus points for remaining trucks . Then it starts over on a slightly faster wave . Advanced waves can be extremely fast , testing twitch reflexes to their maximum . Once things speed up , I find it easier to travel to the left and chase the convoys to avoid head-on collisions.Different game modes and difficulty switches affect enemy speed and your rate of fire.I really like the sound effects , especially the helicopter rotor sounds when flying around . The sound even speeds up or slows down depending on your movement , which is a neat effect . The background has a nice sunset graphic . The bottom of the screen even has a radar , showing enemy and truck locations .
 This is a fun game for the atari 2600 . If you like the game defender you will like this one . Chopper Command is just like it .
 This is not really like missile command but it is more fun than it . In this game u r a chopper that shoots all enemy vechiles and u have to try to protect ur own vechicles . It is kind of hard and it gets boring after a while but it is worth it when u beat it . The graphics r just the ordinary atari graphics and the soud is kind of scatchy . I would tell more but i have not played this game for a long time and it is the only game that does not work all of the time but it is a fun game .
 the next game al be read run on mario bros nes tips you have 2player in mario do it you know to help each oter out .
 This is a nice little re-issue of two top-notch `` alternative '' sports games on one cartridge . Everyone is familiar with Hawk 's Pro Skater , and believe me , this is an outstanding game on the Gameboy Advance . In some ways I like it better than the versions on the bigger systems . Lots of skaters and plenty of skate spots , this one has a lot under the hood . I know the actual title is Tony Hawk 's Underground , but to me , this is simply another Pro Skater game . And that is n't a bad thing.The other game on this cartridge is the lesser known -LRB- but very fun -RRB- Kelly Slater 's Pro Surfer . Very well done , especially in the graphics department . The waves look very realistic and detailed . Fluid surfing action . Plenty of surfers to choose from and actual beaches to surf . As far as gameplay , the control on this one can be challenging . When your surfer starts to rack up a line of tricks , his/her `` meter '' builds up -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- and he/she can bust out `` special '' tricks . Only problem is , the speed factor goes off the charts and your little surfer starts to spin and air out over the waves at a frantic pace . It is kind of like he hits turbo mode . This game looks very realistic but gameplay is more of a fantasy/arcade style -- I 've never seen surfers do tricks like these . Oh , I almost forgot ... the announcer on Slater can be turned off , thankfully . This dude yells out annoying one-liners while you are surfing . If you could n't turn him off then this game would not be playable.If you are a fan of the Hawk series , then this game is worth picking up if you can find it . Just the Hawk game will keep you busy for days , and then you have the added Slater title thrown in there for good measure . And Slater is no bargain bin effort , either .
 if you are a fan of surfing or skating , you will love this 2-1 pack . The pro surfer game took me a little bit to pick up , but anyone familiar with tony hawk gameplay will do fine on both games .
 I 'm inexperienced in the world of 360 and gaming in general ... i was looking to buy a new skin -LRB- or faceplate i later learned -RRB- for my boyfriend 's 360 . I bought this on a whim because I did n't find the reviews very helpful . Turns out that it is a sturdy hard plate just as the name , faceplate , would lead you to believe . The original one just pops off and this one clicks right in and all the buttons are functional . I guess I just wanted to clarify that this is not a sticker .
 The fact that the Cowboys have FIVE championship rings is reason enough for this faceplate . The Cowboys are the number one franchise in all of sports , and there is no debating that . The Eagles do n't or ever will compare with Da Boys ' !!!!
 Eagles fans are hatin ' because we got TO . He 's gon na make you pay for it twice every year till he retires ! Philly will be in the basement of the division this year anyway .
 This is an enjoyable game that looks real nice . Its got a good story , and is easy to get into . However , I agree , the save system is useless . They put in the quick save at the last minute , but it does n't work , so what was the point ?
 XIII is an excellent fps . It has a crappy ending and horrible save games but still is one of the best releases of 2003 . The President has been assasinated , You are found on the beach by a life gaurd with a bullet wound and the number XIII tattooed on you . You have lost your memory . Powered by the Unreal 2 engine the graphics and sound are fantastic . It has comic book style graphics complete with `` BAM '' , `` AAAGH '' ect . The voice of XIII by David Duchovney does not fit the charecter . I have Win98Se , PIV 2.4 Ghz , 512mb Ram , Geforce Fx and it runs great . The level design is excellent and i liked the selection of weapons , you can use objects like bottles , chairs , mops ect to knock out people . The biggest problem is the horrible save game system . It does allow you to quicksave anywhere but when it loads it will be at the start of the level or at checkpoints . This may not be a big problem if the developers knew where to have points but they do not . There should have been checkpoints after boss levels but there is not always one . They are a big problem in stealth levels .
 If anyone reading this review has ever played Aliens Vs. Predator , you know how the `` save game '' feature worked . You might also know that a patch was eventually released to allow you to save `` anywhere '' in the game.I 'm going out on a limb here , but I 'm going to guess the `` save game '' feature in XIII was designed to work on 3 platforms -LRB- PS2 , XBox , and PC -RRB- . Without having to write additional code , the game could be released on all three platforms at about the same time . For those of you who gave this game a poor review based on the lack of a good `` save game '' feature , take it a step further and complain to Ubisoft . They just might be nice enough to release a patch for us PC users.As far as the rest of the game goes ... very fun . The voice-overs are so-so -LRB- General Carrington is voiced by 60 's TV 's Batman - Adam West -RRB- . The sound is good , and the graphics are a nice change . If you 've seen the movie Bourne Identity , you get the idea of the game.I got the game as a gift and really enjoyed it . When it goes on sale for less than $ 40 , I 'd highly recommend it to anyone - especially those that thought they 'd be playing the legal version of Half-Life 2 right now .
 Awsome game played it when it came out . One of the first fps that had areas you had to avoid killing in . was wanting to relive the game but wont work on Windows 7 64bit
 Alright ... the game is a lot of fun . The graphics , however , are convuluted . Yes , the cel-shading aspect has its ' merit . But , it really adds very little to the game . You tend to ` look-around ' the cartoon graphics after the first 5 or 6 levels . The , it just feels like every other FPS with a shiny new wrapper . Not that that 's all bad , though . After the openning sequence you begin to realize that , not only does David Duchovney star in this game , so does ADAM WEST -LRB- you know , the original BATMAN ! -RRB- . There are even more surprises that i think a gamer would rather discover on his/her own . Now , back to the graphics . This program runs on the UNREAL engine . That gives it framerate goodness . But , due to the new approach i guess , this is a CPU HOG ! Never mind the minimum requirements on the box , you really do need the recommended specs here . The sounds are from fair to very good . Musically this is very nice . But , the sound effect overlays sound like they were done in a tin can . But , be warned , if you have a small child -LRB- like myself -RRB- you are not allowed -LRB- as the law says you ARE -RRB- to make even one working backup of this game . Ubisoft seems to think that noone has the right to do this . EVERYONE has the LEGAL right to do this . They spend 10s ' of thousands of dollars creating a ` special ' copy protection that disallows anyone a working backup . Unreasonable . Other than having to keep my discs on top of the refrigerator , this game is good fun , with a nice dash of hollywood . As the ending seems to tell us , there will be a sequel . One word of advice , UBISOFT , cut out the incredible overflow of BLURRY sequences . In cel-shading those sequences become headache inducing after a short while . And , there are occasions where this concept is way overdone .
 I love this game . The Style is awesome , and gameplay is fun and challenging , and the storyline is amazing.Multiplayer is pretty cool too . Standered Death Match is nothing new , but there is this mode of gameplay that is called The Hunt . In the hunt there is a little grim reaper running around and if he touched you , you die instantly . But you have a shotgun and a pistol . It is hard to hit him with the shot gun but it does a lot of damage , with the pistol it is easy to hit him but it does no where near as much damage as the shotgun . When you do enough damage to him he will get smaller and run faster until he blows up giving the last person to shoot him 30 poitns . And all the players running around can kill eachother too . This is great for LAN partys . There is also a type of gameplay called Power ups . It is like death match but you can get power ups like invinsbilty and super speed and healing , but they only last for so long . But you can also get lose heath and lose armore . I must say I like teh Hunt better but the powerups is good for when you need to take a break from the hunt . I would get this game for both it 's single and multiplayer . The single player is great and some of the game modes in multiplayer are orginal and really fun.Graphics
 I bought this game because of reviews I read on here . I was delighted to find it very entertaining . The latter levels near the end are a bit frustrating as you have to kill the bad guys and they are very hard to kill , while you are n't ... But , it was still a lot of fun once I figured out how to play the game . The only real drawback I see in this game is the saves . You can quick save or save the game at any point . But , when you try to load the game , you always start at the beginning of the level and have to work your way back up to the spot you saved at . That can be a bit annoying ... Still , I 'd recommend this game to gamers . I LOVE FPS and this one was interesting and the cartoon art was excellent . The saves annoyed me because I tried to save after certain lengthy cut-scenes only to learn that the save was essentially worthless . I had to go through it all over again ... I look forward to the follow-up to this game . I think most gamers would like this game ... If it had n't been for the flawe in the save game , I would 've given this 5 stars ...
 For once , a game you can beat without using cheat codes ! I 'm a huge fan of the first-person shooters and when I heard of this game 's release , I was skeptical . The cell-shaded shooter is a one-of-a-kind idea and is implemented to perfection . Multiplayer capabilities make LAN parties fun again ! The storyboards are creative and entertaining , but too many questions remain unanswered at the conclusion of the game . Perhaps they are setting up the sequal.Not THE best game I 've ever played , but definitely up in my top 15 of all time . Who does n't love using the sniper rifle ? And the rocket launcher is a blast ! Grab your Belkin Speedpad and get shooting !
 This is a very cool looking and playing game . I really liked it . There have been a lot of complaints about the ` save ' feature . Why I admit its not great , as long as you commit to playing one level at a time , you get cehckpoint along the way , so you DO NOT have to play the whole level over . But yes , if you save , it does take you back to the beginning of that level . So what I do is finish a level , start the next one , save it , and then quit until next time.I hope there is a sequel !
 This game at first did n't get my attention . A graphic-novel comic book like presentation in a first-person shooter was n't the first thing that I thought would be good . However , I decided to play it and man it is a great game . The controls are very well designed and easy to use and the engine is very fun to play and use.The biggest strongpoint of the game is the story . You wake up on a New England Beach with amnesia and `` XIII '' printed on your chest . Soon , you realize that you 're a secret agent and that everyone thinks you 're dead . The ensuing storyline is suspenseful and keeps you coming back for more.You play a agent whose accused of killing the president . The storyline does somewhat resemble the JFK assasination , especially the beginning . To show you what kind of suspense there will be , I 'll show you some of the story , but do n't read on if you do n't want anything spoiled . As you go through the game , you find out that there are 20 conspirators who are hiding behind numbers and that the people in the conspiracy are major heads of the government . You also find out you were in a military group known as SPADS . The conspiracy killed the president and eventually wants to impose martial law on the country and impose a totalitarian regime in America . You have to find out each of the conspirators . You also find out that you are not the person everyone thinks you are . Everyone thinks you 're Steve Rowland , XIII , but you are actually Jason Fly , a friend of Steve Rowland who was his rival and Jason Fly stole his identity through plastic surgery and putting XIII on your chest . The real Steve Rowland faked his death and killed the president , but was really killed by his employers.There are about 8 major areas of the game that are divided into around 4 - 7 levels each with 2 or 3 checkpoints . You first find out 7 members of the conspiracy and then you go to a meeting and kill about 10 of them and find out who they are . In the last area , you find out number 3 and 2 . Throughout the game , you are always guessing who number 1 is and sure enough it is a huge shock but its never really answered , because -LSB- you 'll have to see for yourself -RSB- . The game is awesome . Its suspenseful and has many different twists and turns that keep you guessing even at the end . The game has its flaws . Its very short since you basically identify the members of the conspiracy and in the process find out a lot of interesting stuff and have a lot of `` flashbacks '' , however in one level you indentify 10 of the members which significantly shortens the game . The ending is ok . You are treated to a huge shock as to whose number 1 , but you never find out that much about you 're past or why you ended up on a beach in New England with a key to Winslow Bank . When you encounter the person that the game kind of indicates is number 1 , you 'll see `` To be continued '' . In the conspiracy screen , there 's still the '' ? '' at the end as to who # 1 is.In short , its a great game that has a few flaws , but the game is so much fun to play that its very easy to forgive those flaws . The only flaws is that it 's short and that the ending is n't as conclusive as you would like , but that 's probably being saved for the sequel , possibly titled `` XIII-2 '' . We 'll find out in May at E3 probably what it will be called and when the sequel will be released . Anyway , I recommend the game and it is defintely a must-buy .
 I LOVE IT ! It 's perhaps the most interesting game I 've played in a while . You shoot things that look 2D ! What 's not to like ?
 I love the fact that Ubi spent much time in the plot and that the plot focuses on a government conspiricy . The cell shading looks amazing and should add a whole new enviroment to FPS gameplay . Plus that it is a ` playable comic book ' . When you sometimes kill people , you see comic book boxes depicting their demize . Plus a multiplayer option . It seems this title might have it all . Rock on
 XIII looks promising . Especially , with its FPS , and cel-shaded gameplay . It has a huge array of weapons to use agaisnt enemies . And from what I 've seen and read it looks like it will be a great game . It even has multiplayer and online capabilities . Also , it has an incredable story-line . This is a definate must buy for any gamer .
 Really enjoyed this classic FPS . Hardcore gamers wont be disappointed . i highly recommend purchasing . Graphics are great , story-line is solid -LRB- and not so short -RRB- , audio is excellent and the price is right .
 Now do n't get me wrong about the title this is a great game its just that the tages client in the game which is the anti-pirating software is about the worst anti-piracy program there can be so its near impossible to play on the pc but if your getting it for a console go for it i loved this game when it first came out on the original Xbox it was honestly at the time my most favorite game of all time even though i never finished it i decided to get it again and it doesnt work and you ca n't get a refund or a credit for downloaded items so im trying to save you the trouble but overall great game just not on a downloaad you need the disc . well for me at least . best of luck to you .
 I 've never considered myself a big FPS fan , but thought I 'd give this a try because I really enjoy cel-shading-based graphics and thought it would be an interesting concept for a FPS . Well , not only were the graphics very impressive , but the game overall was very enjoyable and this became the first FPS I 've actually finished . The story was ok -- it has a more developed story than most FPS 's I 've seen , but it became a little confusing to keep track of all the characters and after awhile I stopped paying much attention to it . If you like cel-shading and you enjoy FPS 's , I would recommend at least downloading the demo from www.ubi.com . I ca n't say anything about the multi-player mode since I never tried it .
 The person who gave this game one star evidently is the only person out there with that opinion . I bought this game for my husband and he loves it . I feel that the storyline is a great breath of fresh air from the usual First Person Shooter games where you fight aliens , opposing forces , or robots . The graphics are ground breaking in the terms of this is the first FPS to use Cell-Shading . The story is taken from a comic book that was very popular in France . Xplay 's review of this game is on the mark . But I would n't recommend this game to the novice beginner .
 I have recently only played the demo and from what I can see I will be buying this game soon ! The graphics are top notch first rate ! With a decent video card you will enjoy hours of visual bliss , the colors are crisp and clear . The game play is quite good with lots of interaction and an intriguing storyline . This game will be another one of the greats like UT2K3 but with a much better story to follow.The AI in the game is as good if not better than that of the Thief series of games , they are very responsive to the slightest of change.All-in-all a very good game for those looking for something new and exciting in the FPS genre .
 I picked this title up for a couple of bucks brand-new at a store closeout bin . It was more than worth the investment . The computer I played it on has the following specs . CPU 3.06 Ghz , 1 Gig Ram , Evga Nvidia 6800 Ultra , Speakers 5.1 Klipsch Ultra pro Media , Sound Card Creative Sound Blaster Audigy 2ZS , Viewsonic CRT Ultrabtite A90f + monitior.The software played flawlessly for the 20-30 hours it took for me to complete the game . No glitches , excellent animation , soundeffects , and music . It is my belief that an average or better computer system would handle this game quite well . The software did n't seem to be buggy at all for my system.This game has received a great deal of negative criticism ... much of it I feel unwarranted . If a game has what it takes to encourage me to finish it , is fun and compelling then it has succeeded for me . I 've finished very few of the highest rated titles because they just did n't hold my interest or were too realisticlly hard.Here are my specific comments about XIII Thirteen :1 . The game is very unique in it 's art form of cel-shading . Although I 'm just an amateur artist , I feel the game is truly a great creation and renders a one of kind experience . The art graphics , settings , music , comic text and pop-up features and cut-scenes are amazing and coordinated very well . The first couple of missions are n't the best so continue on and you most likely will enjoy the game more as you progress . However , the first few missions set the stage for the story and are quite necessary .2 . For the most part the game is quite fast paced , varied , intriguing and exciting . The stealth parts were not my favorite but did provide a change of pace and the testing of one 's senses , judgement , & special techniques rather than just bullet `` ripping . `` 3 . There are a few swear words in the game but much less than most M-17 titles . The violence is in comic book form and only becomes quite bloody and graphic when using throwing knifes and the scoped crossbow with bolts .4 . There are a variety of weapons with respective strengths and weaknesses . Short bursts are more effective & accurate than full auto . The game has some interesting equipment to aid in the drama . My fav was the rapple hook gun used to complete various missions objectives .5 . Gamers who want to `` save '' anywhere , have free roaming game solutions-rather than linear missions , want Half-Life 2 or FarCry type graphics may not like this title . To me , because of it 's uniqueness and the successful rendition of all the parts I rate it highly . This game is no less `` professionaly '' developed than other more popular titles.There are quick save options available after completing checkpoints so you do n't always have to start the level completely over again . Mostly the checkpoints are appropriately spaced . There were about three that caused me some frustration and a bit of time to complete .6 . The artificial intelligence of the enemies was well balanced for me . I do n't want a lengthy game to be too impossible where my main character dies so frequently from one shot kills that I become overly frustrated and do n't want to play the game anymore .7 . This game is a `` Graphic Book Adventure '' or comic book first-person shooter . As such , liberties are taken with super human abilities for heroes , villans , enemies , soldiers , etc. . Take this into consideration . If you want a pure squad based or super `` realistic ' combat or drama title then this game is probably not for you . Comic books are loud , colorful , bold , often unrealistic , and sometimes simple minded ... but they can be fun and exciting .8 . The voice acting was very good . Several professional actors supplied the main character voices . The voices were plain and distinct and not long-winded ... just enough to provide instruction , lead the story and theme along , and generate mystery , suspense , fear , and deceit .9 . The story was very intriguing and interesting . It was great to learn one by one who the presidential assassination conspirators were . The ending is quite clever and begs for a sequel but it is unlikely that will happen due to the games lackluster sales -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- 10 . There is a variety of graphical renderings and settings ... from canyons , docks , buildings , bases , waterways , etc. . The ambient sound effects are very good . I found it best with my sound system to turn down the software sound settings to abt 2/3rd and use my speaker volume control to near max . The bass noises in the game are well done .11 . In summary , XIII Thirteen is a very fun , colorful , intriguing , and exciting first-person shooter experience . It was worth the money at full price and even more so now when you can purchase it for a few bucks . Buy it , give it a chance , awe at the quality art form ... but most of all HAVE FUN playing it .
 First person shooters are a dime a dozen , and more often than not any one plays much like another . Games in this genre are only rarely groundbreaking . `` XIII '' does not buck this trend , but it does provide a visual style that is undeniably unique . The game , which is based on a popular French comic book , wisely decides to embrace its origins . From the cel-shaded visuals to the comic-like cinematics , `` XIII '' definitely differentiates itself in the visual department . In the realm of gameplay , however , it 's rather standard fare.You step into the boots of number XIII , an amnesiac who washes up half-dead on a beach . From there , it 's up to you to piece the plot together as you work your way through the game . Because it 's a conspiracy theory , it gradually becomes more and more clear what is supposedly going on around you , and of course there are some twists on what you initially perceive . Even so , the story is a little thin , and it 's ultimately pretty disappointing . The presentation , on the other hand , is remarkable in some ways . For instance , you will occasionally experience interactive flashbacks . These black-and-white storytelling segments are seamlessly integrated into the gameplay , and really pack a nice cinematic punch . The cel-shaded graphics , speech bubbles , and picture-in-picture windows certainly add the right comic book flavor to the proceedings , but the game 's irritating soundtrack and sloppy voice work do hamper the overall presentation . Yes , David Duchovny is on hand to voice XIII , but the character has so little to say that the actor is painfully underused . The rest of the game 's acting is too over-the-top , even when the style of the game is considered.One thing `` XIII '' has is style . The graphical approach of the game truly sets it apart , and despite some minor problems you wo n't find yourself mistaking it for anything else on the market . It 's a slick design , though I think at times the level engineers and texture artists used the cel-shaded graphics to promote a touch of laziness . Even when the visuals are at their worst , though , you will never feel ripped from the comic-inspired universe , which is superbly consistent.The game generally relies on a shoot-anything-that-moves philosophy , and the action is decent enough . It 's nothing to write home about per se , but it works . Strangely , the game 's best weapons are n't available save in a few select levels -LRB- most of which rely on a more stealthy approach -RRB- . The sniper crossbow is hugely gratifying , and well-placed throwing knives can elicit some glee as well . A harpoon gun makes a cool appearance in just ONE of the game 's levels , and the rest of your arsenal is entirely unremarkable . Cue the usual suspects
 This is a unique game , effectively it is the father of both Far Cry andBorderlands . And it can now be enjoyed worry-free . The good plot of Far Cry bears eerie similarities to XIII , not in the tropical island setting but in that the hero wakes up with amnesia on a beach -LRB- with the roman numeral XIII tattooed on his arm -RRB- and than has to feel his through an obsessed assassin and a pack of ruthless mercenaries . The race is on not only to stay one step ahead of his conspiring enemies but also to discover his true identity.This was the first major PC game to sport the daring comic-book look of cel-shading . UnlikeBorderlands , which I found to have done so only halfheartedly , XIII pulls it off with gusto as the comic-book graphics are accompanied with comic-book exclamations and comic-book picture-in-picture format , offering a unique experience . It is like playing inside a comic-book - and it is great fun!Now , the game is not without its flaws . It has a checkpoint saving system that makes it much harder that it should and the guns -LRB- probably to stay faithful to the original comic-book the game was based on -RRB- look rather underwhelming . However , although not perfect , this a game that you will enjoy playing and you will remember it for years.When XIII came out in 2003 I went nowhere near it as it harbored an overzealous DRM scheme -LRB- an early version of TAGES -RRB- that blocked disk drives from working properly and refused to launch the game if you had any form of `` suspicious '' software installed -LRB- let 's just say that UBISOFT considered NERO to be ... pirateware ! -RRB- . Eight years -LRB- and a couple of class-action suits -RRB- later , one can enjoy the game DRM-free -LRB- just be careful which version you choose -RRB- . RECOMMENDED !
 I thought this game was pretty damn cool . It has nice smooth gameplay , the wicked cell shading -LRB- you can cell shade pretty much anything and it will look awsome -RRB- . I didnt understand why the game took up 4 CD 's either , after switching CD 's continuously for a while I found out you can download an exe file for XIII which makes the game never ask for a CD again , I guess it is hacker reasons or pirating reasons that Ubisoft just doesnt do this.Also the ending was really dumb , but I didnt seem to have the problem of some people where when you save it puts you back at the start of the level . Maybe that is a console thing , I always started up at the last checkpoint.But all in all this was a really good game until the end , I was hoping I could keep playing , and expected a longer game on 4 cd 's . But hey ...
 This is a great game and it is very fun to play.I only have 2 complaints .1 -RRB- You can only save at the beginning of a level , so if you die you have to start all over again . Quite anoying .2 -RRB- Unnecessary use of profanity . Why must these games always be filled with profanity ? I guarantee if it were n't there no one would miss it.Consider this ... When was the last time someone said , `` that was a great game but it just did n't have enough profanity in it . '' ??? It does n't add anything but it definitely takes away from the gaming experience.If it were not for the bad language and the limited game save points I would have given this game a perfect 5 stars .
 The reason why I say it 's a `` Golden Eye '' copy is because , if you ever played `` Golden Eye '' for Nintendo 64 , then you know what I mean by the way you play it . Like the camera action , but I guess its easier that way . But it will never beat the controllers , the `` Golden Eye '' controllers were really easy to get use too . These on the other hand , not really for someone who is not use to the gamecube controllers .13 is based on a government conspiracy who which 13 -LRB- code name -RRB- gets amnesia , and ca n't remember a thing . He needs to remember who he truly is . The games ok , but the graphics are amazing , I 'd give it a perfect 10 ! The game is also kind of tough , but I 'd admit I was a little addicted . Also the multiplayer is really fun too . Then once again , the multiplayer is kind of like Golden Eye.Overall I think the game is pretty cool . But worth buying ... I do n't think so . But good for renting
 This is one of the best First Person Shooters I 've played in awhile . I 've heard a lot of people complaining that the story is `` weak '' Personally though , I like it . It 's not completly original , but it 's told well . The voice acting is high quality . And the flash back 's your character has when he reaches certian points , really add to the whole ora of the game . Level design is nothing mind blowing , but varried enough to keep one interested . The graphics , as you all have probably heard definatly stick out . I am a big fan of Cell Shading . As cartoon as this title might be , it still has very detailed enemies and locations . And a plus side , it runs very well , without you having to have a top of the line system . My setup is an AMD Athlon XP 1800 + , 512 Megabytes of DDR333 & a GF4 MX440 . This may not be entry level . But for a `` gaming '' setup , especially in 2003 , it 's not even close to a beast . Those not too up on computer technology . The video card is real important for games . XIII runs on mine with everything maxed out , and I get no stuttering . The sound is also top notch , the voice acting as I said is wonderful , and the music , which is Jazzy blends well . I have played most big FPS games since the original Wolfenstien . XIII is n't a classic shooter by any means . But , it 's a well above average shooter that deserves a play from anyone into FPS 's , who wants something just a little different .
 Aside from the guy whom could n't spell `` review '' correctly , most folks will appreciate XIII as a FPS game that brings something fresh to the table of a `` been there - done that '' genre . X-Play -LRB- a game review cable show on TechTV -RRB- was correct for its enthusiastic accolade for this game.Give XIII a chance . Enjoy a good game , and support developers that attempt to breathe new life into a stale market .
 This `` Dual Pack '' collecting Activision 's GBA games Spider-Man
 My sons are really having a ball with this video , they play all the boards well , this item shipped very fast!And we are satisfied !
 Since I only played this as a single player game , I will leave the multiplayer evaulation to others.I got this because I liked Rainbow Six 3 Raven Shield . This , being an expansion , is mostly more of the same . Note , that you will need to have Raven Shield installed to install this game -LRB- I had already uninstalled it , so had to load it back up again -RRB- . Unlike others , I actually thought the graphics were slightly better than Raven Shield , but I played a few other games between the two , so I my memory might be a bit confused.When I played RS , I used the team approach and even some of the planning , but for Athena Sword , I only played it in the action mode , where there is only one team of guys . I tend to switch between the guys , placing them in different locations to cover areas where enemies could be encountered . When you switch characters , the default mode is for all the guys to form up on you , so you have to be sure and hit `` HOLD '' immediately in order to force them to stay where you put them.I think Raven Shield is an impressive game for its time and Athena Sword is a nice expansion . The fact that it does n't offer any significant new capabilities does n't bother me . It delivered what I wanted
 First of all there is no other game in it 's class that could beat it , NO JOKE . I have been a fan of them ever since the book came out ! I have even heard that there will be a Rainbow Six movie coming out soon , probably in the year of 2005 . TOM CLANCY YOU ARE THE BEST ! -LSB- CAN -RSB- VenturaPS , im not 12
 Ive been playing since the original and Raven sheild rocks ! Athena Sword adds to the already best online Counter-Terro game.The awsome muiltiplayer + new levels , guns , and game modes makes this game on the top of my list
 The lates addition to the Tom Clancy game series is great . When raven shield came out it had the best graphics that I had seen in a long time . The expansion is even better . People complain about not being able to climb up on things like in the earlier games . But in this game , if you are taking the time to do that , you will probley be shot . But you opinion is your opinion ! I also HATE all those game publishers that try to copy the same idea . -LRB- ex . Swat 3 -RRB- All-in-all if you like Tom Clancy you will like this game . Also look for Ghost Recon
 First when Raven Shield came out , no one really knew about it , intill the world wide XBOX commercials came out , so then it was the most online xbox live game ever played ! So I am very proud to say that Athena Sword will rock as well , and will out number all the other games that `` supposedly '' are good games ... Like Counter-Strike for example , ummm wait , no that game just SUCKED . Same as Condition Zero and all those dumb STARWARS games . I really ca n't believe that people accually play those sad games ... Oh if only they knew.Ventura2003
 Counter Strike fans you just dont get it how much better this game is than Counter Strike , you say patches and stuff fixes the weird climbing up ladder thing , graphics , gameplay , recoil , addional weapons , mods and characters/skins ... BUT IT DOES N'T OK ? I hope you now understand that this is RAINBOW SIX 3
 I like this game alot just recently statred playing these games on PC and started out whit Ghost recon Island Thunder , liked it so tried this ... I really like the diversity of the weapons thats probably the best thing , and you can really set your teams up well . its realistic and fun , cant wait to try the other games
 Raven Shield is a great game , to say the least . This expansion pack sounds great , if you do multiplayer levels . If you do n't , then it 's $ 30 for an 8 level campaign -LRB- plus 3 classic missions -RRB- . If you do alot of multiplayer gaming , there 's 8 new levels and 5 new modes , and seven more weapons -LRB- it 's definately worth it for that -RRB- . It will also feature more realistic weapon noise -LRB- the Matrix sound effects team helped out on this one -RRB- . If you 're wondering about the campaign , it 's a continuation of the game 's . The objective is to wipe out Gospic 's organization , from it 's roots . -LRB- There 's missions in Croatia , Italy , and Greece -RRB- I give this a pre-release four stars becasue of the fact it only has 8 missions , and a relatively uncreative campaign . I would expect the missions themselves to be challenging , but many people wanted the campaign to feature current events . Maybe next time . But I ca n't complain too much - Raven Shield is a great game with excellent graphics , detail , and control . If you have n't bought it yet order both Raven Shield and this pack !!!
 My buddy and I love the new maps that come with the Athena Sword expansion pack . We hook up on a LAN and play terrorist hunt for points . We play on a 6 min timer and see who can get the most guys . After we finish with all the maps the guy with the highest terrorist kill count wins . I 've read some complaints about the game from people who feel they pack is short on missions . Since I only play it multiplayer , the large selection of maps is great . The AI is also better . The Tangos on this one actually hunt you down . They also lay down , which makes think they are dead . We have been playing this game since it came out and still enjoy it . The expansion pack made it even better . Tango Down !
 I dont know why so many people are hating on UBI so much . I have played Raven Shield for over 2 months now . I have no complaint with it at all . The campaigns are very cool . The multiplayer is unbeleveable . There is always a server and i rarely get lag . The gameplay is smooth . The only complaint i have is the freedom the game allows . Many player use the freedom to `` tweak '' the game is their favor . For instance players can `` Bind '' keys which mean I could shoot and automaticly crouch . This gets cheap . Also there are some hacks that find their way through punkbuster . A lot of people use a hack so that no matter how they are moving or positioned their reticule does not move . Perfect Aim . Punkbuster though does do a good job with the majority of hacks . I would recommend this game to anyone . But I warn any Unreal fans this game is VERY realistic . 1-2 shot kills . You have to be tactical and precise . You cant jus run into the open and expect to live for 30 seconds . If you liked any of the previous Rainbow 6s or like the genre get this game .
 This expansion pack to Ravenshield promises a lot.Unfortunately , as with Ravenshield they have only partly delivered . RVS was a single player game with huge multiplayer potential . Sadly , several bugs made the game highly frustrating , and changes from patch to patch had a huge impact on multiplayer performance.The company UBI promised dedicated server versions both Win32 and -LRB- more importantly -RRB- Linux . More than 6 months later , there is still no sign of these . They told us they were releasing an SDK . . No sign of that either.There are a few people concerned that this upcoming expansion will largely be a pay-for-play patch to the existing games with a handful of new weapons . Personally I think that this expansion could be the shot-in-the-arm , that this game needs . . but only if UBI deliver it with the SDK and Dedicated Servers.To keep up to date with the progress of Ravenshield and Athena Sword , I can recommend that you visit UBI 's General Ravenshield Forum at http://forums.ubi.com/messages/overview.asp?name=us_ravenshield_gd
 Ok after reading these reviews its quite obvious that the writers have barely played Raven Shield . I 've been playing for about 3 or 4 months and I have no complaints but all praise . This game truly does make you work and practice hard to earn kills . Which ups the satisfaction when a kill is achieved . All I play is online so I do n't have much to say about single play except the enemies are smart as hell . But the online play is great . Sure there 's bugs but not serious bugs but very minor ones that UBI has done a good job of removing . All I have to say is this is the best tactical FPS shooter out right now . Just play and you will get hooked . Guaranteed .
 Raven Shield is by far the best game in the Rainbow Six series , and as we all know the expansion packs only proves to make it better.I do n't understand why so many people believe there to be a large amount of bugs in the game - I 've only run into two , myself , and those happened during online play . It 's no more buggy than any other game . As for this other reviewer at the bottom of the page , this game IS the EXPANSION to the SEQUEL to Rogue Spear , which is Raven Shield . If you believe Rogue Spear to suck , then you obviously are appealed only by graphics . Raven Shield retains every good aspect from Rogue Spear , except maybe the fact that you can climb onto objects in Rogue Spear.Honestly , however , this game is an almost perfect sequel . Most sequels take the old game and completely distort it , with the only thing still intact being better graphics . This game has AWESOME graphics and very fun gameplay - playing online is the best .
 + 1-8 Players + Now has 50 songs + You can design and create your own characters or choose from old favorites + EyeToy lets you put yourself into the game + Duets + Option of using a dance pad and incorporating Dance Dance Revolution along with the singing + Gold , Platinum & Diamond -LRB- perfect score -RRB- rankings + 69 items to unlock - and you can access the unlocking status to see what it takes to progress + They 've gotten rid of the solo challenge section -LRB- which is where you had to unlock most of the items in the past -RRB- + Games modes : - Quickplay - one player version - Arcade - the player with the highest score wins - Medley - sing short clip versions of 3-5 songs all in a row - Sing and Dance - Minigames - KR Challenge - variety of game modes - Duets - Duets Medley - Knock out - Out sing your opponent to knock them out of the game - Knock out Medley - Sing off - 2 players alternate lines to get the highest score + Demo of DDR Extreme that has 3 songs to choose fromI have loved Karaoke revolution from the beginning . I did n't think it could be any better than the 3rd version when they added the duets . This version takes the game to a whole new level . There is a wide variety of songs , so many different types of people can play . There are several songs that begin locked , but it did n't take too long to get them unlocked . The mini games are terrible and there was no need for them on the disk.I found that it is near impossible to both sing and dance at the same time . If you do n't know all the words to a song , it is impossible to read the singing and dance lines at the same time . Besides , it 's extremely difficult to speak , much less sing while exerting yourself on the dance pad . I recommend having one person sing and another dance . This changes it up and gives you some great songs to dance to . I like the DDR games , but never have been crazy about the songs , so I really like the great songs.Here is a complete list of the songs on the game as well as the artist of the version of the song : Ai n't Nothing Like the Real Thing - Marvin Gaye & Tammi TerrellAi n't Too Proud to Beg - The TemptationsAlways - Atlantic StarrAmerican Woman - Lenny KravitzBrick House - The CommodoresCall Me - BlondieCrazy - AerosmithCrazy in Love - BeyonceDo You Really Want To Hurt Me - Culture ClubDrive - IncubisDust in the Wind - KansasEndless Love - Lionel Richie & Diana RossEvery Little Thing She Does is Magic - The PoliceEverybody Wants to Rule the World - Tears for FearsEverywhere - Michelle Branch & SantanaFame - Irene Cara -LRB- from the soundtrack -RRB- Fly - Hilary DuffFor You I Will - MonicaGreatest Love of All - Whitney HoustonHeadstrong - TraptHere I Go Again - WhitesnakeI Do n't Want to be - Gavin DeGraw -LRB- I 've Had -RRB- The Time of My Life - Bill Medley & Jennifer Warnes -LRB- Dirty Dancing soundtrack -RRB- I Left My Heart in San Francisco - Tony BennettI Love Rock and Roll - Joan JettI Will Always Love You - Whitney HoustonIf You Could Only See - TonicI 'll Be - Edwin McCainMaterial Girl - MadonnaMe and Bobby McGee - Janis JoplinPain - Jimmy Eat WorldPieces of Me - Ashley SimpsonPlay That Funky Music - Wild CherryStart Me Up - The Rolling StonesSuperstition - Stevie WonderSweet Caroline - Neil DiamondTakin ' Care of Business - Bachman-Turner OverdriveTake On Me - A-HaThat 's Amore - Dean MartinThe Game of Love - Michelle BranchTime After Time - Cyndi LauperTruth Is - Fantasia BarrinoTurn the Beat Around - Gloria EstefanUnforgettable - Nat King ColeUptown Girl - Billy JoelWaiting for a Girl Like You - ForeignerWhat I Like About You - RomanticsWho Can It Be Now - Men at WorkYou 're My Best Friend - Queen -LRB- You Make Me Feel Like -RRB- A Natural Woman - Aretha FranklinFinal Verdit
 Karaoke Revolution Party is a fantastic game with great songs , great easy gameplay and perfect party game features . If you 've never tried a karaoke game , now 's the time to play.First , the basic setup . You get to FULLY customize your character . We 're talking black , white , male , female , heavy , skinny , athletic . Then you go for hair styles , hair colors , outfits down to the shoes and jewelry . You can evey use your EyeToy to scan your FACE onto the face of the character . It is simply amazing.Then we go onto the song list . I own probably every karaoke game out for the 3 main systems . I love karaoke games . This song list is by far my favorite song list of all time - and it 's true for my boyfriend as well . There are a good mix of jumping songs , slow romantic songs , rocking songs and more.In other karaoke games you have to go through unlocking the venues and songs . Because this is a party game , they pretty much give you everything up front , with a few exceptions . You do unlock a few songs and a ton of characters / outfits as you go , to keep things interesting . A few standouts include the Elvis outfit and the cat outfit.In addition to being able to sing along in both single player and duet modes , there are a bunch of fun mini-games . You can compete against other players , try to play note-matching games and even set up the eye toy so you see your own background in the game.Even better , if you have a dance pad , you can sing and dance at the same time ! This is REALLY great for building up your vocal powers . Many people can sing fine if they stand still like a stick , but when you sing in a band you 're actually expected to move around and dance . Using the dance pad helps you build up your lung power and timing so that you get those skills . Even if you 're not in a band , you can see the challenges that your favorite singers face.This game is a TON of fun both with friends in party mode , or just singing along yourself with the songs . Where some of the previous versions of karaoke sometimes had `` questionable '' versions of songs , with them being obviously different from the original , these songs are great sounding and many times I did n't have to look at the song bar at all to sing along with them.Highly , highly recommended !! Rating
 This is our 2nd Karaoke Revolution as we have the original one as well . It was amazing to see how they evolved.With a family of 7 there is not too many games that allow us to play as individuals . Well this game delivers that and more !! The boys love the minigames , the girls love to change their characters clothes based on how they feel and all of us love to sing.We are not the Von Trapp family by any means but we can certainly have fun . That 's what the game delivers . After a long week of stress / work and school , we have a Saturday night of Karaoke . The kids love it !! This by far is the best investment into family time that we have ever made .
 Of all the Karaoke games we have used , this is by far the best . It 's fun to pick out all of the different outfits for the characters . It has more songs than the previous karaoke game we have . THere are the are different options , like duets and in sing offs you can see who can get the best score . Hours of FUN , FUN , FUN !!!
 This is so wonderful . I have a 7yr old -LRB- boy -RRB- and a 9yr old -LRB- girl -RRB- and they can not get enough of this . My 9yr old had a sleep over and the other girls now want to come over all the time to play ! I even have had some of the parents inquiring about it . This is so much fun , even my husband and I have a great time playing . The kids love that you can creat your own characters and change their outfits anytime and when you do well you can unlock new songs and outfits . We ca n't wait to get another microphone so we can do more .
 We got a group of 5 friends together to do Guitar Hero 1 and 2 , DDR , and now Karaoke Revolution Party . It 's freaking cool . The songs list is very good and there 's something for everyone . Easy to figure out too .
 My daughter and her friends can play for hours ! They love it !
 A great variety of songs and the ability to sing duets have made this game a hit in our home for both 40-somethings and almost teens . We also purchased a Karaoke American Idol Encore bundle so that we had more songs and two microphones . One microphone would n't have been enough , and the bundle was a better buy than a separate microphone.We each have multiple avatars so that we can choose a persona that matches our mood and the songs we 're singing . You can get pretty creative with the avatar designs , and our daughter thinks that 's half the fun of the game .
 For anyone who has only tried the Singstar karaoke games for PS2 , if you really enjoy singing and doing karaoke , you have GOT to try the Karaoke Revolution games ... so many more options for playing and much easier to follow the lyrics and try to stay in tune ... In my opinion , ALL of the Karaoke Revolution games are a BLAST !!
 We have a blast with this game ! Great for parties !
 Bought the Karaoke for a gift for my son . He used it for a New Year 's Eve party and said it was the hit of the party . He loved it 's convience of using the PS2 .
 I dont have this games , but my freind had a party and we played it nonstop . It is a awsome game , but the only place i can find that noncountry ones are at carcut city . And when I went theresomeone had baught it before me . I am so happy i found it on Amazon . I love it and it , I have to say , is one of the only reasons why I want to leave with my freinds.Juat Kidding . If you love to sing and want to be a famous singer this is the game 4 you . I think it helps you sing better because it tells you the pich and if you dont get the right pitch it comes of your score .
 This is a awesome game especially if you have two or more to play as a contest .
 Karaoke Revolution Party with MicrophoneIf someone on your list is is into karaoke and has a PS2 this is a great gift for them . additionally if this is your first karaoke game , it comes with a microphone .
 This is a great game for the whole family . We all love to compete against each other and have spent hours playing . It 's so addicting .
 It 's a fun ice breaker at parties . My friends enjoy it very much , and it has a very good selection of music .
 Our whole family loves this game . It 's the perfect game when there 's a group of kids at our house of varied ages and genders . We went on to buy the American Idol version , and the kids are also begging for the country version .
 This game will bring generations together . Kids to grandparents were playing and all were having fun . Everyone loves to sing , right ?
 It 's a fun game for all . If you like to sing , this is the game for you . We even have people playing this game that will not play the other PS games .
 This game was a hit at our New Years Eve Party . It was so fun that 2 of my friends ran out and bought it and one is considering buying a PS2 just so she and her husband can play this game at home . My 11 year old son has a great time singing and there are plenty of songs for all age groups .
 I got this for our grandkids , because it is fun for all of us together . There are songs that everyone knows , as well as recent songs that the kids love to `` scream '' to . It can be a little bit challenging for my generation to set up the characteristics of the performers , but the kids had no problems with it .
 My sons got this for Christmas this year !! What fun !! My 7 year old really had a great time and he reached platinum after a few days . It is great for that age to read the lyrics . AH , fun and education and they do n't even know it !! My 12 year old has had a blast unlocking songs and trying to out sing us all . We had company for Christmas and we ALL played with this . It is GREAT for ANY age ! Real young ones can sing the straight songs and just have fun listening to their voices ! We have since went and bought sevearl others . GREAT FAMILY FUN AND TOGETHERNESS !!
 must see to beleive . 3 people lost their voice at my huge new years party
 GC is the perfect platform for this title ... I have been patiently waiting for TWS to respond to KSPS since being released , and I am not disappointed . The graphics are the best yet ... even over the XBOX , and the game play is solid . Honestly I play the career mode , just to unlock levels , and the 13 hidden surfers so that I can free surf . This game has the best-simulated surfing feel and it has a ton of over the top tricks to go along with it . The problem I had with KSPS was the sliding feel , and lack of connection to the wave , which is perfectly executed in TWS Next Wave -LRB- Kind of a dumb title -RRB- . If you are a surfer then you will love this game ... if your not , I really do n't care about you anyway !
 Grand Prix Challenge is the latest F1-based game to come to the North American market , and it is definitely one of the best the PlayStation2 has seen to date . EA Sports has dominated F1-based PS2 games in North America , but with its great F1 franchise coming to an end , Atari has come up to the starting grid with Grand Prix Challenge , which is both friendlier to the newcomer to F1 racing games and adaptable enough to accommodate a nice array of F1 gaming experience.GAMEPLAY MODESThere are six gameplay modes available in Grand Prix Challenge . Each has its own ` quirks , ' whereas some features are common to most if not all of these gameplay modes.Quick Race
 I give this game 4.5 stars.My impressions after 2 weeksTHE GOOD IMPRESSIONS AT FIRST : - Real and exciting F1 car sounds , when accelerating and when slowing down . - Great graphics , the cars look great and the tracks look very good , almost as good as GT3 . - Magnificent replay . You can watch the race from the view of a TV camera and from any car . There are 6 views per car -LRB- including rear view -RRB- . In replay mode you can get very useful information about top speed of any car , the line the drivers follow , where they brake , etc. . So you can use that to tune up your car in the next race properly and improve your driving.THE BAD IMPRESSIONS AT FIRST : - Difficult to follow a line in the track with the dual shock controller , so my car seemed to be driven by a drunk driver . That was frustrating . - The right analog stick to break-accelerate the car is too sensitive , so it 's difficult to keep speed constant in slow turns . - A few options to set you car
 Wow ! What an awesome game . The controls take a few hours to get used to but once you do this thing rocks ! I have never raced a game where I actually felt like I was racing other people -LRB- except online of course -RRB- or had the adrenaline rush this game gives . I actually have raced professionally -LRB- i.e. I got paid -RRB- and still instruct so I 'm in real formula cars on a regular basis . No this game does n't have the ultra-realistic physics of say GP4 , GPL , or even GT3 but it does have in abundance the feel of being in a real car in a real race . The replays are sick , the sounds , the frame rate , the AI dukeing it out its all good . For 4 times the amount of money you are n't going to find a better RACING title . P.S. I like it so much I wrote this review something I never thought I would do . Buy it !
 I 've been a fan of F1 sims for a long time . I started with Geoff Crammond 's World Circuit in 1993 and have played every sim that 's come along since for both the PC and the Sony PlayStation . Some have come close to perfection , many have failed miserably . Grand Prix 3 was my most recent sim , and it certainly had its drawbacks . A locked frame rate hampered any sense of speed and a dated graphics engine made the game look poor - despite the great realism and good AI.Grand Prix 4 was widely hailed as the ultimate successor to the F1 sim crown , but the game is so difficult to come by in the States and the rampant price gouging by used sellers on Amazon will leave you to pony up $ 90 for a five year old game that retailed for $ 49.99 back in 2002 . And unless you 've got a PS3 , there 's not really many other options for good F1 gaming . The `` Formula One '' series of titles for the PS2 have only been released in Europe in recent years and EA 's horrible line of F1 games has come to an end . Thankfully we have Grand Prix Challenge . It presents a great balance of fun , realistic game play , good physics , a forgiving damage model , and an amazing sense of speed . You 'll see a full grid of 22 cars blast off the line , tire smoke and all , at a ripping 60 frames per second . The feeling of speed is enough to make you tense and your palms sweat as you fling your 800 + hp machine around the track.Let me be clear though
 I have been an F1 fan for many years and therefore , Ive followed closely each and every release of F1 Titles . I have not had so much fun playing an F1 game since the first Formula 1 game that came out for the original Playstation about 6 or 7 years ago . Actually all these new versions for the Ps2 prior to GPC -LRB- EA F1 and Sony 's versions -RRB- were very discouraging.The gameplay on this one is amazing , the handling is just as good as the Gran Turismo series , and the detail is quite nice . The computer does not cheat and its always fair and competitve.If you are looking for graphics , get the EA F1 game , but that game is dull , repetitive and simply does not measure up.GPChallenge is by far the most fun Ive had playing a full season and for all those gamers who enjoyed the First two versions of Formula one that were released on the original Pstation , this is a must and you will remember this after you play it .
 No , the graphics are n't near as good as GT3 , but they 're more than adequate ; especially when you factor in the realistic driving models . I have no idea what it 's like to actually drive a state-of-the-art Formula One Race Car , but from watching them on television this game seems to have made it possible for me to get as close as I ever will.It 's great for beginners and experts alike . There 's three different levels of difficulty ; Beginner , Intermediate , and Expert . Word of advice , do n't choose the expert level unless you are one , or you 'll be nothing more than a backmarker.If you 're looking for a casual arcade type racing game , do n't buy it . If you 're looking for realistic F1 racing , buy it . You get to race at all the great tracks ; Monza , Interlagos , Monaco , etc. . . By the way , Monaco does n't look all that different in this game than it does in GT3.Bottom line , there 's no better F1 sim available , period .
 This game is a nice surprise ... but it 's still not a simulation . Which is okay , since nothing can be a simulation using a game controller.The graphics and sound are wonderful . Not as good as GT3 but very close . There is no slowdown whatsoever with 21 cars ahead of you . The control is great . It is not nearly as touchy as the EA F1 series . Maybe this is n't realistic , but a little leeway is nice since the majority of gamers are using a handheld controller.The reason this does n't get a five star rating is because of three primary reasons . No rearview mirror . I can understand this to a large degree because the framerate is fantastic . But the game also lacks in car audio . This is big because without a rearview mirror you simply do n't know who is around you . You have a look back button , but you really can use it only on straightaways . This may be the reason the damaging model is so forgiving . You can bump with your competitors which would put you immediately out of a real race . Since you do n't know who 's around you this allows you to continue to compete after the first turn . I 'm okay with this ... but it 's a strike against the `` pure sim experience . `` Also the car set-up is miniscule . An option for more detailed set-ups -LRB- with the corresponding result -RRB- would be nice.As with an cosole racer , if you want a pure racing sim you need to own a good PC . That 's not a knock on this game , but console racers have to appeal to a younger crowd that wo n't get as frustrated as with a PC sim.That 's really it . And the fact that it 's a 30 dollar game probably is justification for overlooking the flaws I see and give it a 5 star rating . But since you can buy many used games for cheap prices I did n't factor this into the rating . Overall , great job Atari . Sony has a lot of work to do to improve on this game since they now have the exclusive F1 license .
 F1 feel , sounds ... yes it 's actually like hearing them live . The frame rate processing surpasses all other PS2 F1 sims . ` Keep it Simple ' is how I live life . This game is simple to set-up . No heavy thinking ... just basic set-ups and you 're off ... Yes , you hear that Traction-control rumble ... Yes , you can drift as mighty as schuey and Villeneuve !! ... I live near Indianapolis , I apply what I saw with the live cars and NAILED the feel ... I 'm Fo ' Real , guys . . this game is tops !! No choppy-frame annoyance !!! As smooth as GT3 , even with multiplayer.It can rain all it wants ... you can still have incredible frame-rate !! Though this game is dominant , let 's pay homage to all others B-4Atari GP challenge ... 80 ` sSegaNinetendo - Al Unser Jr. , Michael Andretti Racing on old systems , Nigel Mansell 's F1 and Indy-car Sims . F1 World Grand Prix Championship -LRB- 64 -RRB- PS1 F1 Games by HypnosisPS2 EA sports 2000 , 2001 , 2002 . Atari has nailed it as should be !!! Especially for this 37 yr . old wannabePeace , FormulaET
 If you follow F1 , you 'll know that the 2002 season -LRB- this game is based on the 2002 F1 season -RRB- was a different line up of courses , not to mention there are several NEW tracks on the schedule now that did n't even exist in 2002 . But for a PS2 game , it 's a pretty good attempt at a pure F1 enthusiast race simulator . You can easily spend days just getting used to the ` feel ' of a car . The responsiveness is VERY critical , frustratingly so at times . So , as with most driving games , you need to pick a car and stay with it , so if you want to be competitive in the simulator , just pick one of the Ferraris and be done with it . And you should have a steering wheel controller for this or any drive simulation game . using the joystick is just a waste of time.Of course , the 2010 F1 game for Xbox360 is out , so why is anyone looking at this game ?
 This game has very good high resolution graphics and very fluid animations , it is a little difficult , but I still recommend this game to anyone interested on a racing game . One thing I could say is not very good on this game is its music , I feel is a little simple if we compare it with the music in other games . I really recommend this game .
 This F1 simulator is great for beginners and experts alike . The A.I. is brilliant . Th handling is very realistic it understeers -LRB- When the front Tires have less traction -LRB- grip -RRB- than the rear wheels -RRB- and Oversteers -LRB- When the rear tires have less traction -LRB- grip -RRB- than the front wheels -RRB- like a real f1 race car . The damage shows a lot on your performance.You can participate in the f1 championships but before you can race you should practice , qualify and warm up then you are ready to race . Overall highly recommended for F1 fans .
 This is a very Good game . It is a great simulation style play . It captures just what one would expect in a Grand Prix game . One i looked for , for along time . Its exciting and it sounds great . The race is just that a race ... its competitive and very realistic style . Its a must have for a Grand Prix style racer ethusaist .
 Addicting !! I play every day , I need it.And I have heard that if you have a logitech wheel the handling of the car is superb.From time to time I have heavy rain during the race , and the effect of the rain in your view and the water splashed from the other cars is so cool ! Sometimes you have lightnings and thunders.The handling of the car , the feeling of the speed , the pessure of the race , now it?s the best racing game I have -LRB- I have GT3 , Formula one 2001 , F1 2002 , and other ones -RRB- . And , amazing , but real , I have seen up to 50 laps of my race in replay mode !!!!!! How is it posible ?? I don?t know , but they did.But nothing is perfect . You don?t have working rear mirrors , but it?s ok . What I don?t like is that the when you are behind a car at high speeds , your car increase speed so much , that is no real . I wish that effect could be not so big , because then it?s very easy for another car to pass you or you to pass other cars.For now , that?s the only bad side I have found.The tracks are wonderful , the sounds , the cars.Wonderful job Atari .
 This is a great game , and you can get it brand new for only $ 29.99 ! And to correct one of the other reviewers , you CAN use the Logitech steering wheel . I use it all the time , in fact I 've never not used it playing this game . If you could n't , I would n't own it . Great graphics , realistic driving simulation , really cool cockpit view while driving -LRB- it feels like you 're really in an F1 car -RRB- , and the best replays I 've seen in any game.The driving experience is challenging , and a lot of fun . At the Ace level -LRB- which you have to unlock -RRB- , you definitley will not be winning right away , but it can be done . Great game , and I 'm glad to hear that Atari supposedly is getting exclusive rights to F1 games ; maybe even more good stuff is on the way .
 I was about to throw my PS2 out the window -LRB- thanks to AE Sports Grand Prix Challenge , which wo n't let you pass the qualification tests and `` forgets '' the ones you did pass -RRB- when my copy of Grand Prix Challenge arrived . Yeehhaaaa ! Realistic imagery , addicting competition , etc. . Granted , I like the little arrows that AE Sports puts in the upper window to warn you of upcoming turns , but I 've found that like real racing -LRB- I raced motorcycles -RRB- , you learn the turns pretty quickly by looking for visual cues -LRB- there 's very few brake markers -RRB- and by the 10th lap pretty well have it learned . Then you qualify and have to beat a pre-established pole position time , which takes some doing . The best part is , if a car does bump you -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- your car does n't come apart or spin you off the track -LRB- necessarily -RRB- . Unfortunately , the `` quick race '' is only good for six tracks -LRB- not including Indy -RRB- . You have to go the full GP route to get to all 17 . Still , there 's lot of choices , like time trials -LRB- with a ghost car -RRB- , beginner , intermediate and advanced competition , etc. . For true IF1 fans , this one is the best I 've found -LRB- and I have a dozen or so -RRB- . Too bad you ca n't use the Logitech wheel with it , just the controller . Oh well ...
 I heard about the release of Grand Prix Challenge in the UK a few weeks ago . It then took ages to get any sense of whether it was a worthy title or not because nothing had been written about it . infogrames does n't list on their US site , Melbourne House had some screenshots and promo info on it , but there really was n't a set of user reviews that could be used to fill in the blanks . I waited . Translated some German reviews . They raved about it . 88 % . 90 % . Incredible graphics . 22 cars and 60 fps . Awesome physics . Awesome tracks.I 've read it before , but after buying F1 2002 for PS2 and experiencing the ` Best of the bunch ' I was n't quite sure what to think.I waited . In the meantime I raced Pro Race Driver -LRB- great graphics and intense racing - and that 's what I was hoping for from Grand Prix Challenge -RRB- . I waited.It came out 3 days ago . I bought it . -LSB- $ $ -RSB- Canadian.Last night I had the chance to try it out for real . In any language - German , French , Spanish , English - it kicks some serious butt . The graphics are great - I compare it to Pro Race Driver because I KNOW that I 'm racing a computer generated image of a track half a world away , so I do n't expect picture perfect scenery - yet -LRB- PS3 , okay let 's talk perfection by then -RRB- . The cars look great , and handle even better . The framerate is rock solid . The racing action is intense . There 's a bit more bumping of wheels that you 'd expect in the real world , but then again it 's that part of it that makes it an adrenalin rush worthy of my hard-earned money . The views while driving should please all but those who are never happy.The tracks look awesome . From the slight sun glare on the pavement to the feel of the curbs and the indents in the grass when I went off -LRB- DOH ! -RRB- . The waving flags and the smoke flares are a great touch too.All of that aside , the best part so far has to be the View Session feature . There is nothing as intense as posting the fastest lap during Qualifying and then sitting in the pits watching the likes of Michael Schumacher trying to beat it - I mean watching TV-like coverage of his attempts . THAT makes the experience.All of this adds up to an awesome F1 ride -LRB- and excellent shelf companion to Pro Race Driver and LeMans 24 Hours - now my racing world is complete -RRB- . What do you say now EA Sports ?
 This is quite simply the best F1 game for the PS2 that is sold in America . It 's not perfect , but it is as close to perfect as any I 've played on ps2 -LRB- I 've played them all -RRB- . In fact , Gran Tourismo 3 is perhaps the only racing game made for the PS2 that is better than Grand Prix Challenge . And it 's a surprising close call between the two . If you love F1 , it deserves your attention !
 This is different than the EA sports Version because the handling is quite a challenge . So , good luck when you play .
 This game may have very good different abilities of how you can race . But , the graphics are terrible . Atari has made some great games in the past so when I went to Toysrus to get a game I chose this one because it was the newest edition and I thought that it would be the best yet . Unfortunently , I ended up playing it once and never played again . Since I have a F1 game from 2000 made by EA Sports which is excellent , I wanted to update it a little anyway . Now I learned my lesson that if I buy a sports/racing game it would be EA Sports for me . Grand Prix Challenge is TERRIBLE .
 I am glad I did not listen to all the `` nay-sayers '' who only gave Uru one star . The graphics are incredible , the puzzles great , and the interface is not to bad to get use to . I mostly use the first person point of view.As far as the Online portion being cancelled
 As an avid Myst fan -LRB- and Mac user -RRB- since the first game came out in 1993 , I have awaited Uru somewhat impatiently . Having finished Uru Prime -LRB- aka the single player game -RRB- , and now wandering around the Live version , I am thrilled with what the game has provided , and what it promises to continue to provide as more worlds are added.In response to many concerns by folks , I have this to say ... 1 -RRB- Regarding video cards and load speeds -- as many others have said , know what your computer 's capabilities are before you buy the game . I agree with other posters who emphasis that video card requirements -LRB- not to mention processor speeds and RAM -RRB- are not new to the world of gaming -- especially high quality graphic games . Know your computer 's specs . Not every computer is going to be able to play this game . However , PC 's are inexensive to upgrade and build . If yours is outdated with Uru , it 's going to be outdated with several games coming down the pipe -- think about the upgrade , or have a new computer built for you so you can customize it . Mine was $ 500 total . Find a computer geek -- most are happy to help since they enjoy building the machines anyway ! 2 -RRB- In response to the issues with having 3rd person `` avatars '' . The option is built into the game to play it in the traditional Myst-like 1st person mode , or in 3rd person . I enjoyed having the option , and found that both were extremely helpful during different puzzles . Simply press F1 , and the viewpoint changes .3 -RRB- The jumping and need to carry things without being able to carry them is irksome , and was probably my largest complaint about the game . I will give credit to those who find this as a real fault -- because it did seem fairly pointless .4 -RRB- Fellow Mac users -- the reality is that unless you have a higher-level G4 or the new G5 , this would not work on your computer at all . It 's only been extremely recently that Apple realized that video card upgrades might be a good idea . Do n't blame Cyan for this -- this is an Apple problem , and hopefully one that will get fixed as time goes on . They did n't create it for the Mac because the Mac specs at the time of production would not have met any standards for the game . It sucks , I know -- but is no reason to give the game a single star.So far Uru Live has been a bit buggy , but fun nevertheless . The city is beautiful -- both in color and in design . I look forward to what Cyan has in store for us!See you around the Cavern -LRB- Kestra on all shards -RRB-
 This game runs smoothly and beautifully . -LRB- If you have the right system specs -RRB- . The ages are the most beautiful of any of the Myst games . I did n't think a full-3D Myst game would look so beautiful and realistic . The model controls are kind of choppy , but that is alleiviated by going into 1st-person mode . The sounds are awe-inspiring as well . My only let down is the URU LIVE . You have to have broadband , and that 's just something we dont ' feel like upgrading to . I guess I 'll just stick to the single-player . Overall , this game is a very enjoyable .
 A must have ! A hard game with great graphics ! Also , if you get this , get Path of the Shell -LRB- expansion pack -RRB- if you want the FULL game ! I used a walkthrough .
 I loved this game . Graphics , story , gameplay - everything ! I did n't have any control issues and followed the story just fine . I 've played all the games and have read all the books and that certainly helped . Very Myst like to me . I have an Athlon 2100xp with an ATI 9600XT video and it works like a charm .
 You say that you were ripped off by Amazon and Ubi while this is n't true at all . It says right there in the system requirments `` 3-D graphics video card with 32 MB RAM , and hardware transformation and lighting capability '' . Your Integrated Intel Video card does not have 32MB of ram and also does not support T&L . Do n't blame Amazon and Ubi because of your own ignorance .
 I feal sorry for all those guys who think Uru stinks . I 've played every Myst game in the series . There is nothing wrong with Uru . Sure it may be a little different , but it 's still Myst . If the fact that you can see yourself or the lack of some really hard puzzles bugs you , then wait for Revelation ! Wheather you 've played any of the Myst games or not , I think you 'll love this game .
 Cyan 's portion of this game - the CD game itself - is outstanding . The graphics and music are excellent , the avatar customization is wonderful , and the puzzles are Cyan 's usual high test brain twisters . I paid Amazon 's ~ $ 50 charge at the time , and would do it again without hesitation.Ubi 's on-line service is no longer a reality . I played the Prologue for two months , and loved both the on-line communication with the other players and the continued Cyan graphics and music . The ONLY hitch to the get-along was Ubi , and that company is not a mistake I 'll ever make again . But I did n't purchase the game just to play on-line and I 'm looking forward to the additional material due out in March .
 It nice to see that not all games require violence to be a best seller . My computer is a little slower than they would like but it works fine !!! If you loved Myst and are looking for a game like it , look no further .
 Cyan has done a fantastic job ! They 've taken all the great aspects of their MYST games and put it in a new 3D universe ! The graphics , story , music , and sounds are awesome ! Uru is an extremely immersive game ; it 's a great adventure and has many worlds to explore woven with a complex storyline . The controls can be bit tricky at first , but after exploring a little it 's now second nature . The online community and forums are a great resource for hints and stories . Uru is a wonderful place to explore .
 Uru is my top game to look forward to this year . After seeing tons of screenshots and learning as much as I can about it , Uru looks like it will become yet another classic . The Myst series has always been popular for its challenging puzzles and incredible graphics . I 'm sure Uru will a great addition to the Myst saga . I ca n't wait to see what D'ni looks like .
 Uru
 For all of those members of the myst comunity , I have great news . MYST IV IS COMING OUT SOON ! It now has a deffinate title and it is Myst revelations . The New mexico cleft has been tweaked once again . First it was a greenhouse like building , next it was a crack in the ground with the yesha symbol everywhere , now it is an elaborate complex of houses and other buildings built across a beautiful new mexico desert lake . Yesha is older now , and this game follows the Myst storyline and yesha is about 12 to 14 years of age judging by the preveiw . There is otherwise no other iformation besides the fact that the actors seem to be bad . Rand Miller has lost his ability to be Atrus and the Sirrus and Achenar images have been tweaked yet again . Other than that , this seems otherwise a great game . The graphics look disputable , though . But hey , this is coming out in 2006 . You never know about these things .
 Now I was never a big Myst fan , in fact I only played Myst 1 only for a few hrs before giving up , but this is the best game that I have seen or played in a long while . Stunning Graphics and gameplay . Although I have to warn you that it can be fustration at times to solve these puzzles you need to look around online for tips.I would buy this again if I had the chance .
 Now that I 've finished the entire game , I like it better than I did while in the middle of playing it . The other reviewers are correct in stating that you will probably have to upgrade your video card in order to play . I did , plus added more memory . But the game worked fine after that . My biggest complaint with Uru is that , unlike the previous Myst games , finishing Uru depends a great deal upon your dexterity . There is jumping , walking jumps , running jumps ... I confess , I once jumped off a cliff in sheer frustration ! You figure out what you must do , and then spend `` hours '' trying to accomplish it ! C'mon Cyan ... we do n't need busy work in our games !! I must say that the old thrill of snooping around , opening doors , going down hallways and reading other people 's journals is alive and well . Just be prepared to `` panic link '' hundreds of times before you 're through !
 As a long time fan of the Myst game series , disappointed by the last release , I 'm happy to give this game my 2 thumbs up . As in the first two games , the team from Cyan directly contributed to this game . It shows ! Worlds you can immerse yourself in , that contain a history , a story , a life . Just what one would expect from Cyan . I was so captivated by the scenery . The puzzles , as expected , fit in with the story line so well they are not instrusive . In fact , they are part of the history of the different worlds you visit . I wait ... not very patiently ... for my invitation to try the Live version and to share the experience on line with friends both new and old .
 After playing Myst , Riven , Exile and realMyst , it seemed like I was waiting an eternety for Cyan 's latest to arrive . Boy , was it worth it!From the first moment I was blown away . The gorgeous graphics and other-worldly music -LRB- Tim Larken -- the same guy who did the music for previous games -RRB- draw you in . Seeing the cleft for the first time was mind-blowing . The puzzles were hard , but not impossible . -LRB- When you get online , there are plenty of people who can help you out with sublte hints if you get stuck . -RRB- Cyan got it right - again ! If you only buy one game this season -- make it URU !
 Wow , I just finished playing through the Single Player portion , and I can honestly say that it was well worth the $ 50 . I would suggest this to anyone who has played any adventure game and enjoyed it . If you have n't already , pick up the 10th Anniversary DVD Edition of the three previous Myst titles -LRB- Myst , Riven , and Exile -RRB- , and read the books . You 'll get SO much more out of this game if you understand the backstory .
 The first thing you must understand about `` Uru
 OK , This item is getting spammed with one-star reviews from people who could n't get their graphics card working . The box clearly states `` Video card
 the most recent patch to Uru allows for the usage of the game with all Radeon cards -LRB- not just those listed on the box -RRB- .
 I was a beta tester for URU and URU live . I too was dismayed by the pulling of the live content but suffice to say I do n't think we can truly know what was going on behind the scenes at UBI soft . I will say that Cyan cried many tears and made the ultimate sacrifice for URU.That being said ... URU is a new vision of the `` ages beyond Myst '' . They are incredibly intricate and immersive . YES there is a trick to it ! But if all you are doing is `` TRYING TO BEAT THE GAME '' you 've lost the whole point of this series of games . Myst and URU are telling of the history of a people , the D'ni , come to earth and the technology they possessed . It is your job to see beyond the tasks of playing to see who they were , what they accomplished and why they disappeared.Game play takes getting used to , but before long you will be hopping the lava filled chasms and skipping across the rocks to your prize . The music is dreamy and powerful . The sites are astounding and the worlds consuming . If you loved the past of Myst , see the future of URU.Just released was `` To D'ni '' expansion pack for all those that have purchased URU . It was in response to the canceling of URU Live . The second expansion pack for URU `` Path of the Shell '' is already scheduled for release in June of this year . Rand Miller creator of the Myst games told us that URU will live on because of the scale of content that had already been created!So plunk down your shekels , buy URU and hold on to your hats with each new dose of URU to come.Shorah
 A curious set of reviews -- many seem to complain that thier computer does n't run the game . I suggest everyone go ahead and click on the link to the upper left under `` Item Information '' that says `` system requirements '' -- it 's clearly stated that you need a relatively modern nVidia or ATI video card to play . This is standard in computer gaming , and is not something peculiar to Uru . All I can think is that Uru , being of the Myst heritage , is attracting people who do n't normally play games , and they do n't realize thier systems -LRB- even brand spanking new ones ! -RRB- are not capable of playing these kinds of games . Even major , high-quality manufacturers such as Dell and HP sell many new computers that are not able to play modern games -LRB- such as Uru -RRB- , because that way they can offer a product to consumers more interested in bottom line cost than graphics capability.Now on to Uru 's gameplay . The way it works will be familiar to traditional Myst fans -- there are several `` ages '' that you link to via linking books , then explore , encountering puzzles along the way . Most of the puzzles are the push the button/pull the lever variety , but there are also some where you have to jump to certain spots -LRB- unlike previous Myst games -RRB- . This can frustrate some people who are not expecting it , or are not good jumpers.The environments are * gorgeous * , almost awe-inspiring in some places . Galleries filled with beautiful , mysterious artwork ; a golden pyramid ; beautiful gardens with exotic trees ; and ancient buildings set in a lush tropical forest are just some of the places you will visit.The sound is fantastic , especially if you have a 5.1 speaker system ; as you turn , you can hear the sounds in the environment move around as if you were really there.Many of the puzzles are doable with some thought , but a few are quite challenging . I suggest using on-line resources -LRB- do a search on `` Uru '' in your favorite search engine -RRB- if you get stuck ; there are many sources available for graduated `` hints '' that will help you get over a sticky spot or two without giving the game away.All in all , the feeling of being immersed in a beautiful , mysterious , authentic-feeling environment of different worlds is the main draw of the Myst series , and Uru follows up on that tradition admirably .
 To start with , I hope you have some money to make upgrades . I happened to be lucky enough to have built my own gaming PC with 512M of very fast memory , a very fast large hard drive , and an ATI ALL In Wonder 9000 card that runs a 52 '' plasma screen . Something I put together just to play games of these sorts.Speaking of graphics and sound ... yah they are very nice . This could be the first game that take FULL advantage of surround sound . The menuvering takes quite a bit to get used to and even after playing for hours it 's sometimes quite a pain in the @ss . However I have gotten the hang of it in 3rd and 1st person setting ... it just takes lots of practice.The puzzles are boring . Most of which consist of jumping or walking to this perfect spot or running here and then there with perfect timing not to mention there is no real save position , so if you miss the perfect jump you have to wait for what seems like hours to return to the starting point then link back to where you were which is another eternal wait ... -LRB- in reality it 's less than a minute on my machine , it just seems like forever -RRB- of course you do this several times since you ' r not sure if you ' r doing the right thing or not ... unless you want to just play the thing with the cheats sitting right by your side so you do n't waist an hour jumping down a hole just to find out you were supposed to jump down that hole but two pixels to the left.I loved all the other Myst 's . This one I suffered thru . I certainly hope they do n't expect ppl to pay for online gaming with these kinds of bothersome puzzles . It 's worth the ~ $ ... if you have a system that can run it or you want to update your system anyway . it 'd better not be a standard machine you bought in a store , it 'd better be some custom thing you had built.I 've run into a few other problems that I 'm not sure what they are ... like all of the books are just black blank pages . I have fixed these problems with the ATI 9000 series video card . With out the latest in drivers and hardware the game is impossible , as in some puzzles can not be solved because you ca n't see them.So to sum it up ... I 'm disappointed but it 's playable . It 's close to a perfect game though . A few revisions ... little things and I think ppl would have been happier , I would have been . Now after playing the entire game with the new video card I 'd have to say it was worth the cost . The worlds are great to look at.Don ' t buy the game if you do not have a killer PC sitting in front of you and it sounds like you must have a new ATI video or G-force card with new drivers hot off the press . Do n't buy the game if you do not have lots of time to spend watching a reload sequence . This game is not for the run around an shoot it ppl . This is NOT Doom or Castle Wolfenstien , this is a state of the art attempt to use the best technology . I 've never seen a game that has day and night and thunder storms as good ... as real as this one . Even after finishing the game I find myself going back to look around.-jim
 My best friend is a devoted Myst fan and was disappointed that there is not a Mac version out yet . But he loaded the Windows version into his new G-5 . He has the one Apple claims this to be the fasted PC in the world . It is equipped with Virtual PC , a software emulation of Windows XP Professional that lets Apples run Windows programs . Guess what ? It worked . After a little tweaking of the Virtual PC settings he was able to run URU faster - MUCH FASTER - than I could on my new Dell Pentium 4 , 2.8 GHz , 512MB . Download time was seconds instead of an eternity . The entire experience is so much better than on my Dell - it makes playing URU a great experience instead of a wrestling match with sluggish technology.In case you 've got the clams to shell out for a system like his , the system is a G-5 equipped with dual 2.0 Ghz processors , and 2GB RAM and an upgraded 9800 Radeon graphics card . He has a drop-dead gorgeous 23 '' cinema screen and way-cool looking and sounding JBL creature speakers to complete the awesome effect.Needless to say , I spend a lot of time at his house now .
 First i , d like to say the graphics are awesome . . kudos to cyan . . but they seemed to focus solely on that . . there is not much content for the price ... no replay value . . seems to be more of a demo for the live version which by what i see is NO where close to being released . . full of bugs and not much content as well . . as for the system requirements , , , if you dont have a super system dont waste the money upgrading . . -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- is way more than this game is worth . . what a disappointment
 Looks great , sounds great . I 'd give it a 10 , but it does n't go that high .
 THIS IS A FANTASTIC GAME !!!!! YOU WILL LOVE IT IF YOU LOVE FANTASY . IT IS A CHALLENGE , BUT A LITTLE CHALLENGE IS A GOOD THING . IT IS SO COOL THAT YOU CAN MAKE YOUR CHARACTER EITHER MALE OR FEMALE , AND THAT YOU CANE MAKE IT LOOK EXACTLY LIKE YOURSELF !!!!! THE PUZZELS YOU HAVE TO SOLVE ARE REALLY INTRESTING . IT IS MUCH BETTER THAN RIVEN BECAUSE YOU CAN CANGE YOUR VEIW AND YOU CAN SEE YOURSELF . YOU CAN ALSO COSTOMISE YOUR WARDROBE , AND EVEN YOUR SHOES . ME AND MY DAD BOTH LOVE THIS GAME !!!!!!!!
 Uru is definately worth your time . I have been a fan of the Myst series , but this tops them all thus far . I ca n't wait to get my hands on Myst IV .
 Uru plays well on Windows 7 but I have n't been able to find a way to reset the game and start over . If I delete the whole Ubisoft folder the game still starts at Relto with all of the books on the shelf . I 've hunted my entire hard drive to find the `` sav '' files to no avail . The only solution to this problem is to format the hard drive and reinstall the game .
 This has been out of production for a while I guess , but it 's still one of the better games on the market . I had to replace my `` direct download '' game because I used up the allowable number of installs . -LRB- I did n't know there was a limit on them to tell you the truth -RRB- and since it 's not owned by UBI any more , well , it just was n't worth trying to `` fix '' the old game . As with most of the older style RPG 's there are lots of puzzles and endless hours of trying to find something -LRB- ANYTHING -RRB- that will work . Lots of patience and tenacity is required to play the Myst series games . There is nothing new on the market that requires you to have such a large knowledge base of music , art , mathematics , and even physics to solve the puzzle .
 Love the 3-D , works just like `` Real Myst '' which I ca n't use since updating the computer -LRB- learned that it may be wise to NOT dispose of old computers . -RRB- I am in the process of playing Uru
 Fun to play if into the Myst games . Great fun for all to have . Enjoy , The Larghe 's
 When I first bought this game , I could not get it to run , in spite of the fact that I had the high end of the system requirements listed on the box . I went to ATI.com and downloaded new drivers for free . The game ran beautifully after that.Things I liked about this game :1 . The graphics . Incredible . I especially loved the 3-D environment that allows you to spin around and look at everything , and gives you more freedom of movement than previous Myst games .2 . The sound . Wonderful , rich sounds that fit perfectly into the game .3 . The story . Apparently , this a matter of taste , as I see most reviewers here on Amazon really disliked the story . Personally , I found the story at least as engrossing as Myst
 I was very pleased that this game was released in a single-player version ; I have the broadband connection to play Live and I 'm looking forward to that , but I appreciate having a full single-player game as well!I expected the single-player to be less than what I 've come to expect from MYST series games . I was wrong . It 's no Riven , and there will never be another MYST ; like the original Star Wars movie , part of the MYST experience was playing it for the first time , and how incredible it was * for its time * . In terms of plot and storyline , URU compares favorably with MYST III
 I do n't often submit reviews for games I have purchased , but after reading some of the misleading reviews on here , I had to chime in . First off , to those complaining about the onboard Intel cards not working , a built in Intel card does n't even have it 's own memory -LRB- let alone the 32MB needed -RRB- , it burrows memory from your system -LRB- 8 MB in most cases -RRB- . The specs call for a high powered computer , and unfortunately , many people think the new computer they just bought last week will do the trick . The problem with this , is that most computer companies -LRB- Dell , HP , Compaq , etc -RRB- make their machines cheap by using `` on-board '' video rather than a real video card . This onboard video will work fine for most applications that require minimum video processing , but if you try to run a state of the art graphics intense game like URU , you are SOL . So to sum up , do n't blame the game maker , blame your lack of computer knowledge , your computer manufacture -LRB- for using onboard video -RRB- or your reading comprehension -LRB- it lists supported video cards on the box and the website -RRB- . Now , for those of you that have one of the video cards listed -LRB- Gforce or Radon -RRB- this game is beautifully rendered and will make use of all of the advanced features of the video card . The reason that URU is one disk is because it is all rendered on the fly -LRB- thus the graphics requirements -RRB- rather than 6 disks full of static pictures that are displayed as you move to that area .
 The first thing you must understand about `` Uru
 The Myst series , started in the early 90s by brothers Rand and Robyn Miller under the company name `` Cyan '' founded by the two , was a phenomenal series of computer games that would quickly move up to the top in a list of the greatest video games in gaming 's history . From the beginning , Myst was an artistic , as well as technological , masterpiece . Scene by scene , Myst was carefully pre-rendered into amazing detail , while at the same time providing extremely challenging puzzles and an amazing storyline . The amount of effort put into this game provided a photorealistic environment , while at the same time exercising the gamer 's mind more than any other game would . The Cyan team continued the Myst tradition in the two sequel games `` Riven '' and `` Exile '' , each time making every aspect of the game increasingly amazing . Cyan has , once again , delivered every loved aspect of the original Myst games , incorporated into a new graphics engine meeting and exceeding all expectations of modern games . As I started Uru , I could n't believe my eyes . Living in a desert myself for the better part of my life , I 'm quite familiar with the landscape and skies of deserts . Starting the game in the territory of New Mexico on a graphics card that is n't by any means the highest-grade , a GeForce4 Ti4200 , gave me graphics of the such I have n't seen in any other game . It almost immediately dove me into its amazing environment , storyline , and puzzles . Uru told me of a once-great , lost civilization , named `` D'ni '' , and nearly every aspect of the culture and tradition of it . It provides the storyline with great detail , moreso than any other game on the market , breathing life into D'ni and sending you deeper into this civilization , its life and its worlds , than you 'd ever imagine . Moving through the universe , each age -LRB- world in the Myst universe -RRB- provides a drastically different environment . While one may have falling leaves and abundance of wildlife , another may be desolate , deserted and gray . Variation between ages in the universe is amazing . Music throughout the game is beautiful , and pulls you even deeper in . The game also features various weather in each world . Different areas have different personalities in climate , yet cease to be repetetive and annoying . Uru is a whole other world , and from the moment you start the game , you see this . Words , however , do not do this game justice . If you 're skeptical of the quality of Uru , download the demo . Make sure all graphical and sound settings have been tuned as high as possible to fit your system profile , and if you have a surround sound system , set it up properly ; it 's worth it . I strongly suggest any gamer to purchase this game and explore the world for themselves . It 's more than worth it .
 I liked very much Uru . It is very immersive , the graphics quality is great , the music and sound are excellent and there is certain magic and sophistication in it . Some people have complained about the interface and the 3d person view but I personally disagree . After 1-2 hrs you really get used to the interface and you can easily switch between 1st and 3d person mode whenever you like . The only kind of negative comments I have is about the difficulty and lack of logic in many puzzles , particularly those in the Kadish Tolesha age . It may take you for ever to finish the game if you do n't consult any hints in a guide or in the web . One reviewer said that you can finish the game in 10 hrs and I am telling him that if he was able to do that he should quit his job as a game reviewer and go to work for some high level cryptography position for the government or in the Institute of Advanced Studies in Princeton -LRB- Einstein used be there -RRB- .
 For the past several months , I 've been lucky enough to beta-test this graphically stunning and intellectually challenging game . Yes , there 's no doubt that the controls take some getting used to -LRB- but you can re-configure them all in-game -RRB- , and the idea of seeing yourself takes some getting used to , as well . The online launch is proceeding , albeit very slowly and deliberately in stages to ensure that everything works properly.The game , while not a direct sequel to the Myst series -LRB- it 's more of a parallel storyline -RRB- , is a stunning foray into adventure gaming and a ground-breaking one as well . To my knowledge , there have been no `` Massively Multiplayer '' adventure games . Imagine a game that requires you to work together with three or more players to solve logic puzzles to unlock access to other worlds . That 's something you can look forward to . `` Uru Prime '' -LRB- the single-player portion -RRB- is utterly gorgeous , and tells a tale of a culture 's pride before their fall . The story also exposes a much darker side to the D'ni culture that has n't been seen before -LRB- if you 've played any of the previous games -RRB- , including slave-trade , extermination of other races , and corruption within the supposedly `` utopia '' of the D'ni Guild system -LRB- which was hinted at , in the books -RRB- . The single-player storyline perfectly sets up the online portion , while allowing a decently satisfying gaming experience for those who decide to not explore deeper , and participate in the online portion , dubbed `` Uru Live '' . The biggest portion that attracts me about the online portion is the sheer storyline potential for it . With so many of the other MMORPGs out there , the story is a sketchy framework wrapped around the gameplay . So much of the gameplay in those games seems too repetitious to me . In Uru , the gameplay serves the storyline , not the other way ` round.The game 's creator , Rand Miller -LRB- who created `` Myst '' and `` Riven '' with his brother Robyn -RRB- , envisions the online portion much like episodic TV . He even calls each new story installment as `` episodes '' The announcement recently that has made waves is that there will be a multi-lateral approach to `` Uru Live '' episodes ; you 'll receive in-game mail , get to read posts on a message board , and you 'll also run across other players in-game . The biggest difference is that these players will actually be acting out the story , to help further it.In fact , I ran into one of these last night , in my first foray into `` Uru Live '' . Was interesting , to say the least.The other big thing that has got my attention versus other MMOGs , is that the sheer evolution of the environments . The new worlds will become available at an estimated one every other month , and there will be smaller changes to the online game environment weekly , according to the game 's designer.No RPG , this
 After reading through over 100 reviews -LRB- many of which unfairly rated the game without playing it -RRB- the main beef with the game seems to be graphics card related . If you do not know what kind of graphics card you have in your computer , do not buy this game YET . Do the research and find out.The ages in this game are simply breathtakingly beautiful and one reason why they are that way is because of something called transformation and lighting . Your graphics card must support this . T&L ; gives the game world a more realistic look , but is only supported on newer graphics cards.A brand new computer may not come with a graphics card in its AGP slot because the onboard card is much cheaper and most consumers wo n't recognize the difference between a newer graphics card and the onboard one . Intel motherboard graphics cards are great for older 3d games like Half-Life or The Sims , but newer games with T&L ; -LRB- like Uru -RRB- wo n't be supported . You will need a newer graphics card for your AGP expansion slot.A word of warning , Nvidia has a line of cheaper graphics cards with an Mx tag on the end like the GeForce 4Mx . DO NOT get this type of graphics card . The Mx graphics cards do not work nearly as well as the regular GeForce graphics cards . A vanilla GeForce 2 will work better than a GeForce 4Mx . Do n't fall prey to fancy advertising . Do some research and your experience with Uru should be very enjoyable.I recently bought my girlfriend 's family a new ATI Radeon 9600 with 128 MB of RAM for $ 70 so that they could play this game . I downloaded the newest Catalyst drivers from ATI 's website and installed the game . Guess what ? It works perfectly and they love it.Girlfriend 's system : Windows Xp Home Edition2 .0 Ghz Pentium 4384 MB of RAMATI Radeon 9600 with 128 MB of RAMThe game also works perfectly on my GeForce 4 4200 with 128 MB of RAM.My system : Windows Xp Professional Edition2 .26 Ghz Pentium 4 with 533 Mhz FSB768 MB of RAMNvidia GeForce 4 4200 with128 MB of RAMSound Blaster Audigy Sound Card -LRB- well worth it , the sound in Uru is amazing -LSB- Uru won Gamespot 's award for Best Sound in a PC game -RSB- -RRB- By the way , the online community is just great and more than willing to help out . Check out UruObsession -LRB- http://www.uruobsession.com -RRB- and join in on the fun !
 After playing realMYST a few years back , I was impressed with the translation of Cyan 's immersive world into true 3-D . Playing Uru , I 'm very happy to say that Cyan has created an even more immersive game engine with photo-realistic renderings . Playing the game , you get caught up in the mysterious story-line which picks up right where Myst 3
 To clarify anything , here is the deal . Im a beta tester for the game . I cant reveal anything but this is the lowdown ... The game is incredible . You can play the solo game , and then you can subscribe to Uru Live , where you can travel to the D'ni city , meet other people , explore the ALWAYS EXPANDING ages , and even bring people to your own ages -LRB- your own game -RRB- . The game blends the multiplayer aspect seamlessly into the game . The story goes WAY deeper -LRB- and makes alot of sense if you read the books -RRB- , the levels are huge and beautiful , the puzzles are crazy , and the sound even better . Trust me , the sound rocks , its EAX . Also , you can play the game in 1st or third person . In 3rd you have a totally customizable avatar . I thought that being a 3D game might blow the whole look and feel . No way , it totally doesnt , you adjust quick.So , whether or not you want to do the online , the game still rocks , a must for any Myst fan . And despite what you may hear , you can use dial-up .
 Thanks to the poster from San Diego I 'm purchasing the ATI Radeon card to solve my game freezing issues . The poster recommends -LRB- on the ATI side -RRB- the ATI Radeon 9600 . That card will work in an AGP 4X/8X slot . But if you have an older P3 with only an AGP 2X slot , then you 'll want to check into the ATI Radeon 9200 . This 8X card is backward compatible with a 2X slot . I will also add I 've had great success with ATI cards in the past , so I appreciate the tips from the poster in San Diego . BTW , I picked up an ATI Radeon 9200 128MB card for $ 55 shipped , so this card will not break your budget .
 First of all , I would like to say that I had no trouble getting this game to run , at all . I have a 900 MHz machine using an Nvidia geforce 5200 pci with 128MB of ram . It does help to have the latest drivers , though , no matter what you are using . I am now playing the live `` prologue '' on-line game and have had very little trouble with it either , despite the fact that it is still in the beta testing phase . I am using a cable modem connection for that , and I doubt it would fly at all without a fast connection like that , but that does n't surprise me.And now , to the game itself : I have been a devoted fan of the Myst games for years , and I have played and enjoyed all three of the previous installments . Uru is a great addition to the Myst series and mythology , and I found it satisfying in every way.However , the game is a little different from its predecessors , and it takes some getting used to . The puzzles are quite difficult , and because this game is the first in the myst series to utilize full real-time 3d graphics , the look and the interface are a little different too . It takes some getting used to , but its well worth the effort . Cyan has done a great job here , in my opinion.As for the on-line game , it is n't really in a state to say one way or the other yet , but I have great confidence that when it is officially opened , it too will be amazing .
 I 'm thrilled that Cyan 's current project is letting us finally visit D'ni . Myst was beautiful , strange and new . Riven 's quality blew everything else away . And now , the people who gave us both those worlds are going to let us join them in the most revered setting of all ... the underground cavern of D'ni ! I will be the first in line to view this world with my own eyes ; to walk where we 've only read about in Myst
 HAlleulujah ! The game of the millenium is here !!!!! Uru is a game I 'm sure will give anybody who plays it a good time . I mean , come on its in the myst trilogy . THis has got to be good . Anybody who 's played any of the myst games will want this game .
 First i , d like to say the graphics are awesome . . kudos to cyan . . but they seemed to focus solely on that . . there is not much content for the price ... no replay value . . seems to be more of a demo for the live version which by what i see is NO where close to being released . . full of bugs and not much content as well
 This game and it 's expansion packs are the best I 've ever seen . Unlike most games of this type , you have an actual character that you build . You can take screenshots using your PC . In the first expansion , you can take pictures within game and starting with the second expansion , you can keep an in-game journal . The areas of play are highly detailed and very realistic . Closest you can come to a holodeck in today 's world !
 We all seem to love Call of Duty , or some sports carnage . While Uru presents us back to simple basic thinking , and feeding us back with remarkable graphics to ease our wounded cyber injuries from those fast paced shooters .
 I have been waiting for this game since it was first announced . And I am glad to say that I am not disappointed . The game looks absolutly gorgeous . The graphics are photo realistic and much better than RealMyst . The puzzles are what one can expect from the Myst series . I ca n't comment on the online portion of the game yet . As it has n't gone live , and wo n't until next week . But I am hopeful that it wo n't turn into just another giant chatroom like `` The Sims Online '' . This game runs without a problem on my system so far . I consider my computer to be pretty good . But it 's not top of the line by far . P4 2.4 w/HT , 512 RAM , Radeon 9800 Pro , Windows XP and an 80G HD . One thing to remember for online play , this game only supports a broadband connection . But there is a single player game to keep you busy.On a final note , I really love this game . I have finished all the other Myst games . And read two of the books . If you are a Myst fan or like puzzle games , then this is for you .
 After reading some of the reviews , one thing is very obvious ... people are totally missing the point of this game.Uru is an amazing story , one that you get to learn as you explore an even more amazing world . The point is not to `` win '' or `` beat the game '' - it 's to find out more about the D'ni people , and most importantly - where they went . -LRB- Maybe , that 's why there are so many notebooks laying around ?? Just maybe ? -RRB- I played Myst -LRB- though never played Riven nor Exile -RRB- and I found Uru far more user-friendly then the first Myst released.I personally , LOVE this game - and am biting my nails just waiting for the next expansion . It truly is a story to live - one that will keep you guessing around every corner.Yes , you have to use your noggin , but again - that 's the point . This is not an `` I win '' game - it 's an evolving world that you get to play a part in . A world done beautifully and one that you will find yourself happily lost in for days.Two thumbs up , in my opinion .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- this game revolves more on the Dni Civilization and the untouched world that this civilization has left for us to discover . Instead of having a villain we have an unmercifull world that hinders the completion of our journey . Instead of having an immersive experience playing this game as a first person perspective , we have the option to play the game as a third person perspective . It seems that a lot of game play elements has been traded with the earlier predecesors of the myst series , but it all sums up to a positive yet frustrating experience for the fans of the myst series . I say furstrating because the camera angles are horrible , the time it takes the game to load an age -LRB- world -RRB- is long enough to get you started to go to sleep , and the unability to save the game where you left it is very dissapointing . Another furstrating element of this game is that you literally die which is kind of scary for myst fans because you never die in myst . The whole aspect of die and kick objects in order to move them is unacceptable because what made Myst a unique game is that we had the ability to immerse ourselves without worrying about the boring cliches that so many games fell into like the whole thing about `` die and comeback again '' . It is difficult to get used to the changes that this game has inclulded , but change is good . In fact , I strongly believe that the changes that this game has included was needed in order for the game to stand by itself among the other titles of the myst series . You might wonder , what are the changes that I am talking about ? Well , these changes are the ability to have an avatar and switch to third person , the ability to jump brocken bridges , and a complete 360 degrees view of the world . In general , the game begs to be played and not be scrutinized by people who bought this `` product '' thinking that they would have another myst sequel . In order to come to a definite conclusion of the game , one must play this game and experience it with an open mind . For me , it was an excellent game with or without having the negative aspects of the game just because of the whole idea of knowing a little more about the Dni civilization .
 It saddens me that so many people have written negative reviews about Uru , because Uru continues the legacy of the Myst series , and will immerse you in a way you have n't experienced since the original Myst . This game does have some flaws , but the only major flaw in my opinion would be the extremely slow loading time for the ages . But patience is a virtue , and believe me , it is worth it.This game is on par with the other three Myst games , and I for one was not dissapointed . I think the greatest thing about Uru is the level of immersion . I was immersed in the world of the D'ni , and the world of the DRC . The other Myst games did not have anywhere near the amount of depth that Uru has . Wandering through the ages of Uru is even more enjoyable than those of Myst and Exile -LRB- Riven is on par depth wise -RRB- , and the reason for the amount of depth in these ages is due to the many journals that you read -LRB- and none of it is required reading , but you will be rewarded for it if you do -RRB- these journals tell the stories behind these ages , and the stories behind the ages of Uru are even more intriging and beautiful than those of the previous Myst games . Having read the journals about the age of Gareesahn , I wandered through those dimly lit mechanical passages with a new understanding of the place . I would say to myself `` ah , so that room is a locker room for the gaurds ... '' etc etc. . This alone is worth the trouble of waiting for the ages to load.But there is more . The sound effects are absolutely stunning , in fact they won the 2003 Gamespot award for best sound which only further proves the point . The music is so beautiful , and is on par with Exile -LRB- and that 's saying something ! -RRB- . If you are not a Myst fan , then the loading speed will probably turn you off . But if you are a true Myst fan , then it is worth every penny and more ! And do n't let the fact that Uru live wo n't be released get you down , because they will release expansion packs instead and the first expansion pack is free !
 Yes , you need the specified video card in order to play this game . I got a PowerColor 128MB video card with the ATI Radeon 9200 chipset for $ 53.00 shipped ! from AccuPC - which includes TV Out and DVI connections . I know it cost the price of URU , but it is also far superior to what came with my HP Pavilion 304w . I bought the AGP card -LRB- check your motherboard first to be sure you have a AGP slot - if not , buy the PCI card -RRB- , had the card in and game running in less than half an hour . My motherboard sound card works fine . A prior upgrace to DirectX 9 was flawless.Once you have the video card set up then you can experience the fun of this game . Being able to move about freely and seemlessly -LRB- unlike the prior Myst games -RRB- is great fun and a much more realistic experience . I 've only gone through the first level of the game , but think the one-star reviews because of hardware requirements are a lop-sided view . It does n't take very long to be able to maneuver easily , though it is somewhat odd to switch from keyboard to mouse for various functions.Don ' t give up and sell your game because of a video card - bite the bullet and upgrade .
 A magnificent addition to the Myst family !! A must have for Myst fans .
 I 've been a Myst fan for years , so obviously I expected a lot from Cyan , but their newest title , Uru , blew me away ! This is yet another journey through beautiful , immersive worlds of a quality rarely seem in games . Visuals were , to use a trite word , stunning , sound and voice acting were superb , story was compelling and , in general , the whole package exceeded even my high expectations . The option of third person view takes a bit of getting used to , but in general I highly recommend this title even if you can play single player only and ca n't access the online portion .
 This game is truely a five star game but the control interface is just aweful ! I have quit the game in several spots with a loud `` arrrrrgh '' . Why the game did n't stick to a standard mouse look `` wasd '' configuration I 'll never know , it 's as if they were TRYING to complicate things . The graphics are excellent , some of the most amazing I have ever seen in a game , and I play a LOT of games . Personally , I like some of the puzzles I have read other reviewers complain about . Overall , worth getting , but someone PLEASE write a patch for the controls .
 Amazon has the wrong requirements listed . Here is the correct list taken from the Ubisoft support website . Pay particular attention to the video card listing.In order to play this game properly , your computer must meet or exceed these minimum requirements : Supported OS
 The requirements that Amazon is listing are incorrect . Here are the correct requirements taken from the Ubisoft support site.In order to play this game properly , your computer must meet or exceed these minimum requirements : Supported OS
 Over at the Riven Unofficial Home Page I found out this information is wrong . But , there is good news and bad news . Ubi Soft has decided that this is neither the official price nor the official release date . That 's the bad news . The potential good news is that it seems that a reluctant Cyan may allow Ubi Soft to twist their arm into making them create a single-palyer game separate and in addition to the multi-player elements.Obviously this happened because Broadband Internet connections did not follow market trends and expand like crazy . Even though two consoles have joined the online fray -LRB- GameCube 's effort so far is so weak as to not even count -RRB- , broadband is still just a blip on gamers RADAR screen . I can not wait to see what happens.Oh , here is posible bad news -LRB- at least for me and the few rebellious stalwarts like me -RRB- , it seems that Cyan has not recieved funding for the Mac version . Darnit -- The Man strikes again ! ; - -RRB- P.S. I would have left the ranking blank since it is too early for a review , but Amazon.com would n't let me . So , 5 is just really a hope and a place holder .
 Admittedly , hardware requirements can be steep , but considering the goal of the developers was to provide photo-realistic worlds at least the equal of the original Myst in terms of quality , I would say they have done an admirable job . I also find it incredible that it only took 10 years for the technology to progress to this point . I ca n't wait to see where it goes from here.The graphics are incredible . The sound is immensely wonderful . With my 4.1 surround setup on my computer I walked out of the room to take a leak and when I came back in I had to pause for a second to remember why it sounded like I had walked into some noisy mechanical warehouse . The music is awesome.The story , as you find it , is intriquing and filled with powerful things to learn ... and there is much more story wrapped into these locations than has been felt in previous games.This is n't Myst IV , this is its own thing . Some may not be satisfied , but I ca n't get enough , and worry about how much I might spend seeking the journey once the Live program starts costing money ...
 Those people on Macs should not give URU a one star rating out of disgruntlement . The writers and manufacturer have to do what is financially expedient
 I do n't normally write a `` review '' for a product that has yet to be released -LRB- preview ? -RRB- , but all of the advance information that I have heard about this game has compelled me to rant and rave a little.First of all , the screen shots look incredible . I would n't expect anything less from the folks at Cyan . Also , the promise of Real Time 3D Rendering -LRB- RTR -RRB- , with worlds as lush as this , is enough to make any adventure gamer drool . This means a radical departure from the typical point-to-point navigation through the game and a migration to a more fluid , `` go anywhere , look anywhere '' environment . Anyone who has played RealMyst knows what this means -LRB- also could mean pretty bodacious technical requirements - get those video and sound cards updated , or even a new box -RRB- ! Now for the ranting . Two of the most talked about new features of the game are the switch to a third-person perspective with customizable `` avatars '' and the introduction of the online world of `` Uru Live '' where you can explore -LRB- and talk -RRB- with your friends or anyone else . Sure , these features are an admirable attempt to get the adventure gaming genre into the 21st century of technology so as to appeal more to the `` sophisticated '' Everquest-type players out there , but they are definitely NOT for me.The strongest appeal of the games of Myst , Riven and Exile was the sense of isolation ; a `` me against the environment '' feel . The first-person perspective of seeing the world through the computer screen `` eyes '' was an absolutely critical facet to this appeal . I do n't need to see who I am -LRB- i.e. a computer-generated avatar -RRB- . I know what I look like . I do n't need some goofy looking representation of me -LRB- or any other player -RRB- to interfere with the beauty of the rest of the environment.Fortunately -LRB- and I hope they stick to this promise -RRB- , the Uru website states that there will be an option to switch back to a 1st person perspective . The site also claims that the additional online content will be explorable either on your own or with a group of as many people as you chose . I guess I 'm a little selfish when it comes to these types of games . I want the whole world of the game to myself with only limited contact with inhabitants of that world and , definitely , no other `` tourist '' to get in the way!The only time I would want to stray from this would be if my wife and I both wanted to play the game together on two separate machines . We usually play games together as a `` single '' player anyway . Even more fun would be if I designed her avatar and vice versa without letting the other see what we chose ... but , I digress!If they stick to these two previously mentioned promises , my wife and I will absolutely love this game and any additional content they subsequently `` publish '' in the online area . Otherwise , it will be tossed aside in favor of other upcoming games in this genre like Crystal Key II , Mysterious Journey II and Forever Worlds -LRB- to name a few -RRB- . Long live the 1st person adventure game !
 The latest in the Myst/Riven/Exile series follows in the tradition of `` pushing the envelope '' the folks at Cyan have been so good at for over ten years ! Uru is not strictly a sequel but part of an ongoing saga . While it is a `` must buy '' for avid Myst fans , it would also captivate someone who has never played a Myst game.This game is intended to be played on-line with a broadband connection to the Internet , but the boxed version contains a single-player game that is an outstanding follow-on in the Myst tradition . The single-player game is the prerequisite for going on-line , and the first month of on-line play is included in the price . Visit their web site at http://uru.ubi.com/ for a preview and additional details . This game has something for everyone - spectacular graphics , challenging puzzles , and a story line that follows the back story of the Myst sagas . An informal survey of about 200 current players shows an even distribution of ages from late teens through `` over 60 . `` The game is played in the third person - you start off by creating an avatar - a graphic representation of yourself . In the game , `` U R U '' - You Are You , and you 're actually in the game . That 's not to say you ca n't improve on nature a bit . I 'm in my late-50 's and admit to having shaved a few years and a few pounds when I created my avatar ! You control your avatar as you explore the worlds that you are actually walking , running , and jumping through , interacting with various objects to open doors , operate machinery , gain information , and progress through the game.The on-line version is even more exciting , adding the exploration of a vast underground city together with your fellow adventurers with whom you interact visually and with real-time voice communication.If you 're not familiar with the Myst saga , it revolves around an ancient civilization called the D'ni that has developed a way of traveling from world to world -LRB- called `` Ages '' in the game -RRB- using special books called Linking Books . Each of the games has four or five Ages , and Uru is no exception , with six Ages in the single-player version . Each offers a totally different opportunity to explore , solve puzzles , and learn more of the background story that is being woven together into an elaborate tapestry . The on-line version promises even more Ages for the adventurer , probably at the rate of one new Age every one or two months.I 've been playing adventure games since the `` original '' - ADVENT by Crowther and Woods in 1979 , and Uru is a worthy latest step in the development of this genre . Like all of the Cyan games , there is no violence or gore , and the game is suitably rated `` E '' for everyone . Uru offers a challenging and enjoyable experience for adventurers of all ages.Highly recommended!Walt Scrivens
 URU brings outstanding graphics , amazing storyline and entertaining puzzles to the Myst series , by far surpassing its predecessor games.Granted , the game requires a strong video card-but with the right system , URU 's graphics are fluid and photorealistic with reasonable loading times . Nothing is static in URU . Tree 's sway in the wind , creatures roam the environments , water moves , things break , weather and time change . The water effects are especially astounding ! It 's hard to believe that URU is in real-time 3D . The visual effects will blow you away.URU introduces another member of Atrus ' family , Yeesha , to modern-day explorers . Yeesha was able to alter the D'ni art of `` Age writing '' which allowed her civilization to create portals to other worlds and universes . Yeesha has an agenda for restoration of D'ni ... but not everyone is in agreement with her on how the restoration should take place . She 's left holographic messages for players and sends them on a journey to learn about the ways of the D'ni ...
 THis game does not REQUIRE broadband , although it is HIGHLY recomended because of the large amounts of data you will have to routinely download every time something new is released.The games itself is VERY goodit looks beutiful and just left me in awe . if you want to see what the game is like or how well it looks on your PC -LRB- currently the game is n't available for Mac but assuming the game does well enough there will be a Mac version -RRB- you can download a demo at www.3dgamers.com/games/uru/Try it I really do n't think that you will be dissapointed .
 I played a Myst game for the first time less than two weeks ago . After downloading the demo for Uru
 There 's something to be said for innovation , and Cyan has certainly created one of the most innovative massively multiplayer games to date . This is n't about repetitive monster munching , like Everquest and Anarchy Online , and nor is it a glorified chat , like the Sims Online or Second Life . This is more ; it 's about exploration and puzzle solving . This is a game for the rest of us , those who would rather read a book or stargaze than rack up frags . This is the massively multiplayer game which allows for a life outside of the game , something I welcome greatly , after having spent far too much time in Anarchy Online ... hours now I wish I could reclaim . So if you 're even a little bit curious , get this game ; you 'll be glad you did .
 The Psion here -LRB- I never wrote a review before , and I figured this is a good time to start ... -RRB- : From what we can tell , this is going to be the most in-depth and advanced MMORPG ever ! The story has already started ... and the screenshots and music are excellent . One of the best things about the work from CyanWorlds is the music , and this will prove to be no exception . From what movies we have seen avatars will be very varied and movement and interaction seem very easy . We 're counting down the days ... The PsionWhy use strength when you can use your mind ? ~ hapile
 That 's all I can say about this game . It 's just amazing how good it is . Fans of the last games will have nothing to fear , Uru is a sequel that 's worthy of the name `` Myst . '' Plus , anyone who played `` Riven '' to the end will be rewarded immediately upon stepping into the game -LRB- I wish I could tell you how , but it 's too much of a spoiler -RRB- . The worlds are so immersive , just mere seconds after loading I found myself lost in it , and almost felt it was real . It 's very rare for a game to be that immersive.I hope to see more people on-line in the next few months . This game has the potential to be one of the greatest online games ever , but it needs people to keep it going . Do n't let this end up in a `` Most Under-rated Games '' article ten years from now ... but it today !
 I read the first ten or twenty reviews on here and they all talk about the previous Myst games and how this is all in one boxed set , IT 'S NOT THIS IS ONE FULL COMPLETELY NEW GAME IF YOU WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT IT GO TO http://www.urulive.ubi.com/ and read all of the information about it . -LRB- one other thing the five stars is not what it is but what i HOPE it will be -RRB-
 There are a lot of complaints people have with this game that I did n't . Let 's deal with them.First of all , let me say this - the part of the box that says `` minimum system requirements '' is actually -LRB- gasp -RRB- the * MINIMUM * system * REQUIREMENTS * . If you DO N'T HAVE THEM , then DO N'T COMPLAIN when the game does n't run . If you have a cheaper version of a graphics card , and Uru does n't like it , oh well - it tells you quite specifically what you need . Being true 3D , it 's a lot more than the previous bunch . My system is by no means incredible or new , and it looked profoundly gorgeous and ran with nary a hitch.Second , a lot of people seem to be having trouble with the fact that there are running and jumping puzzles . Well , with Exile , when they added the ability to free look , there were quite a few puzzles based around pointing something somewhere . Now , they add the ability to move freely , so of course there are going to be some puzzles involving that . There are n't many , and to anyone who 's ever played a third person adventure game , they 're basically trivial.Third , there seems to be this general backlash towards the game design in general . Less emphasis on story -LRB- which I simply do n't understand - there were journals and backstories everywhere , just like the last three ... but whatever -RRB- , more open-ended design , etc. . It seems to me that these guys were n't trying to make another Myst game , they were trying to make a good adventure game , and they displaced it from the rest of the mythology on purpose . This is a game designed to appeal to everyone , not just the people willing to click through an endless slide show.Fourth , people seem to not like the puzzles . I do n't get this at all . Aside from one fairly arbitrary solution at the very end of the last age , all of the puzzles made sense and I felt were quite clever . Exile had this feeling going that each puzzle was in isolation and I never felt like any of them really related to the game that much ; here , each puzzle is an important part of whatever world it 's in , more like the first game than either of the other two . There was only one age that followed the solve , move on , solve , move on mentality , and it was themed - each puzzle had an obvious solution that turned out to be completely wrong , and something else had to be done . It was genius , I thought - every solution made me think `` oh , THAT makes sense ! '' once I finally got it.It 's not perfect - the not picking up objects thing was irksome , the load times can be annoying on older machines , and the ending is a little weak . But this is a Myst game that finally felt to me like a real adventure game , not an austere exercise in puzzle solving . I felt like I was part of it.So , I 'd reccomend this more to broad gamers than specific fans of the Myst franchise -LRB- as if the plethora of one-star reviews was n't enough to make that clear -RRB- , but I did n't think that it was anywhere close to as bad as most of the people here are making it out to be . One of the best games I 've played in the last year .
 Uru : Ages Beyond Myst was meant to be the stand-alone component of a much larger online , multi-player experience -LRB- Uru
 Uru is quite a bit of fun , if you enjoy puzzle games . It 's a MMOG , very different from all other online games.Make sure that you have a very good computer however , as the requirements are steep .
 Wow . Judging from the reviews here , URU seems to be a love it or hate it affair ! I 'll try to give a nice middle of the road review.First , I 'd like to address the graphics card complaints . Alot of people are trying to imply that needing a 32MB nvidia geforce1 ,2,3,4 , or fx / ati radeon 7000-9000 + is too steep a requirement . I 'm sorry to say that if you do n't have one of these cards , some of which are almost considered `` bottom of the line '' now , you are not set up to play many , if any , of the newer games comming out . My card is a 64 mb geforce 4 in a pci slot , and my 256 ram causes more trouble with URU than it does . This card was cheap -LRB- by comparison -RRB- almost a year ago.As for the game it 's self , it is very well done . The graphics are superb , even set in the medium quality range . Moving clouds , ripples on the surface of water , brilliant colors and a little wildlife here and there all add up to a very realistic looking game environment . The sound effects are also very well done , although the music can seem to start abruptly for no reason some times . This takes a little away from the immersion . Overall , the game makers have created a very realistic world , while keeping it within `` average '' systems performance abilities.The game play is a little harder to rate . It is very MYST like on one hand , but could n't be more different on the other . Played from the first person perspective , it reminds me of a seriously upgraded RealMYST . Why some have said this game looks nothing like the others is beyond me . The similarities are unquestionable . Wander , think , take notes and solve puzzels that range from simple to maddening . If it were n't for the jumps , you could call URU MYST 4 . But the jumps ... Yes they can be very difficult , and the do seem out of place in a MYST game . But they can all be done with a little persistance . If you have ever played one of the Tomb Raiders or a First Person Shooter , you have ran into more difficult jumps than these . And there are n't as many as some seem to believe . There are only four or five `` really hard '' jumps that are required to finish the game , and the worst thing about them is the two load screens you have to sit through to get back and try again . But it 's a routine action gamers know well
 I have n't actually beat this game yet , but I was checking some reviews on it and thought maybe I 'd clear some things up if they have n't been already . I have n't read all 164 reviews lol.First off ... people ... this is n't the old Myst game consisting of a bunch of still shots . This is a fully 3D environment . Guess what ... that takes ALOT more graphics processing power . ALOT MORE ! People with little Dell or HP -LRB- etc -RRB- mid-range computers
 If your PC hardware is an * absolute * fit , and I mean * absolute * , for the requirements , then try this game . However , I would advise * against * buying it from a particular , unnamed online retailer which has a HEFTY restocking fee , if you know what I mean .
 i felt this game had enough challenge & atmosphere to credit the team that worked so hard to build it . . -LRB- ! -RRB- i dont understand why this game was knit-picked so badly . i thought the moving objects were really interesting especially with the way they mimicked actual objects . i 've played games with stick-figues for graphics that took * hours & dozens of tries * to position . Having a little effigy of yourself running around on the screen is adorable . All the different camera features with total surround was brilliant . The only reason this game didnt get 5 stars was because it does need a patch to run on XP .
 Let me preface this by saying I have n't played Myst , and I have only played a little of Riven.I have found URU to be a great game , the main problem being technical - it takes a big 3D graphics card , and there is an annoying lag between ` scenes ' as the software is loaded , or whatever . Also , why are these games not able to be played with a joystick ? I must be naive about something here.Now that the negative is out of the way , the positive is that this a great game with logical puzzles , not impossible , fantastic story , and fantastic areas to explore . There is no boredom in playing , and there are several factors which personalize the game . The graphics and sounds are the best I 've ever seen in a PC game . I 'm 37 , this has been a great game to play in the evenings for relaxation ...
 I thought this game was awesome . As long as you have the required components , that are right on the Box ! , and me personally , i dont care about online uru . The graphics were excellent , the puzzles were challenging , but not impossible , and i thought it was fun .
 I reviewed the game before , maybe even twice , I do n't remember , when I was only partway through . Having finished it , I 've decided that the plusses far outweight the minuses , and I 've rekindled my total Myst obsession . It 's really too bad that Live was scrapped by Ubi -LRB- * insert lots of nasty comments about UbiSoft * -RRB- because Cyan obviously worked very hard . The forthcoming expansion packs should be fantastic , though , and avoid the server lag problems that Live had.This is the major caveat
 I liked playing this game -- I have a lot of happy memories of playing it with friends . I wish it had grown and continued .
 I am an avid player of the myst and riven , and all adventure games . I must say that URU is a game that has unbelieveable sights and sounds . The graphics and details in the scenes are phanominal . You have so much to see in not just the details of the game but also for instance , there 's the building that rotates and as you wait to align the walk ways the background scene is just beautiful with the mountain and falls and valleys that you see as your revolving around with the building . The puzzles are great to try and you can also interact with things like shooting at stuff from a distance . But with all these game be aware that you should save your game as often as you can when going through puzzles and places that you do n't want to repeat . I love this game and have played it 4 times and each time is just as rewarding as the first . So give it a try . I think its one of the best of the series .
 I enjoyed this game ... and have played it more hours than any other ! -LRB- I play many games -RRB- and Love all the Myst series games . The community that has developed with Uru is awesome , and they make it a must try . The stand alone game inspired many forum based games and puzzles that the fans created for each other , we played together daily for years even before the game was picked up by Gametap and offered Live ! Now we can litterally play together , online and we have regular new content added , that you ca n't get anywhere else.I highly urge you to try it . I too was not fond of the avatar idea , at first , but now I would miss her if she were gone ! ; -RRB-
 Do n't listen to the negative reviews , Uru is quite possibly one of the best adventure games ever made . Its graphics are gorgeous , its lush enviroments are the most breathtaking I have ever seen in any game . The puzzles are challenging , but not overly difficult , they actually quite brilliant . I loved the ability to create your own avatars.The only downsides are that the controls could use a little tweaking , and the ability to pick up objects would be nice -LRB- it 's irritating to have try to move a stone with your feet into one spot -RRB- . I am also extremely disappointed that the massively multiplayer version , uru live , was canceled.Still , if your a fan of the adventure genre you MUST have this game .
 Uru
 I do n't care what the requirments are !! This game looks almost ... as riven and my machine is a year 2000 homebuilt PC wit an Amd Anthalon 800 Mhz processor and a really good graphics card that makes my computer really slow . Uru runs great on my machine and as long as your computer has enough RAM and a great graphics card , the prossesor requirements are meaningless .
 This game is not UruLive which was the online game bassed on Uru that was decommissioned and where all the screenshots with more than one person are from . Its a whole lot better ! Well , being that i 've never played UruLive , I do n't know what to expect . What I 'm trying to say is that this is the best game that I 've ever played . The puzzels are more tactile in a sense . Instead of push the righ button , its move the rocks on to the pressure plates in the right order . In this game , you do n't just click to go places , but you actually go there ! YOu can control a guy who you move like a normal charecter in an RPG , except this is n't an RPG . There is also an element of timing . For example , in this prison world you have to jump from one rotating building on to a pinacle and then on to another rotating building 's walkway . There 's also the element of running fast . In one puzzle , you have to restore power to a building by swiching the right swiches in the right order before the priming pump fully depressureizes -LRB- which is about 39 seconds -RRB- . There is also those buzzles where you have to only step on a certain type of symbol and the last symbol you step on becomes an elevator . You also have to pull these levers in a certain order and the corosponding pillars raise to the exact form and a ladder drops down leading you to the next place . What I 'm actually trying to say is that this is a far cry from Myst and if the people at Cyan back then saw what they 've created now , they would all faint !! THis is just a great game ! THats all !
 What is the deal with these ` playa-haters ' ? This game is very nice . Yes , it distinguishes itself from the other Myst games . As each newer one distinguished itself from the one that preceded it . The gameplay is more varied than in previous games . The addition of ` complete ' immersive play is done wonderfully , in my opinion . The character is easy to control , except for the ` jumping ' feature . That 's the one thing that i grew impatient with at first . After growing accustomed to that glitch in game-play , it was easily forgotten . I ran this on a ` duron 1.6 ghz ' system with a geforce 4 4800 video card , and 512 meg ddr ram . Along with an Audigy 2 Soundblaster sound card . It ran outstanding , with all features pushed ` up ' . Also , the 80 's retro music that peppers the background of the game is very cool . I found that very enjoyable . Do not trash this game . Even the first Myst was not good enough for its ' own developers . They had to 're - create ' it to be happy with it . This , in my opinion , is a welcome change . And , a true step into the future for Myst . Look for a less ` puzzle-driven ' expierience this time around . More 3D exploration . As far as plot goes , there are no spoliers here . But , suffice it to say , there is a comprehensible plotline . You learn that after about an hour or so of playing . So , the folks who are complaining here about no ` plot ' must not be capable of solving a few simple puzzles to find out just what that plot is . It truly is interesting . Note
 This game rocks !! I do n't know why so many people gave this game harsh reviews because it 's awesome !! . The worlds are incredible and the puzzles and hard but not to hard . The graphics are great and I love the fact that you have you 're own Relto world . I am a fan of all the myst games and think that they did a great job on all of them . But this game blows the scales of any other previous myst game . I do n't mind how you have to jump to some places but when you fall and you have to wait for you 're Relto to load and then go back into the book and wait for that to load and then get back to that spot it can get anoying . But besides this I love this game and highly recommend this game to you .
 There are a number of posts here from people who have not been able to run Uru even though they have more computing power than recommended . I find this REALLY hard to believe ! I have run this excellent game on both desktop and laptop computer without any problems .1 -RRB- Dell Dimension 8100 -LRB- P4 1.4 GHz , 512MB RAM , 32MB DDR nVidia GeForce 2 Pro card , Turtle Beach santa Cruz sound card -RRB- and on a2 -RRB- Dell Inspiron 8100 -LRB- 1.1 GHz , 512 MB RAM , 32 DDR nVidia GeForce 2 Go card , internal sound card -RRB- . Both of these systems are very close to minimum especialy the video cards and certainly the sound in the laptop . Even so the game runs very well on both . The laptop is currently being used to run the game on-line in the Uru : Live Prologue.From the Uru Forums it seems that one simple solution that has solved a number of problems is to make sure you have the latest video drivers for you video card . Why not check to make sure you have the latest drivers and then give the game a second chance , and check out the Uru : Live and DRC forums . There is more to this game than just the boxed CD . In the cavern I 'm asa160 - see you in D'ni !
 I loved the original Myst game . I never played Riven or Myst 3 , but when I saw Uru advertised I just could n't resist . So , here are the highs and lows of it .1 . the graphics are stunning ! Being able to move about in this highly detailed world is far superior to any adventure game that has come before .2 . Customizable avatars are really great . You can make your character look as much like , or not like , yourself as you see fit .3 . Highly challenging . The puzzles are some of the most challenging yet in the series.Now the lows .1 . Cancellation of the Live component . To be honest , I bought this game with the full intent of wanting to be able to visit these `` ages '' with others . I came in on the tail end of the Live prologue and only was able to visit a small part of the online part . Now , those parts that where only available online will be given free as an expansion , with future expansions to come in the future.That 's about it . The only reason I did n't give the game a 5 star is the fact the online component is out the window . But if you want a beautiful and challenging game , then pick it up and play it anyway !
 Well , yesterday I just finished the game and I ca n't tell you how impressed I am ! This game is trully a breakthrough in the Myst games and in the overall world of coumputer gaming . I mean , this game is just great . You also control an avatar instead of just clik to go places . You get to explore way more and in some of the images there were over 3 million polygons ! And what Myst game could be complete without linking books and someone who is related to Atrus ? Well , this game has linking books and never before seen linking stones along with Yesha , the daughter of Atrus and Cathrine . This also takes place now when the ruins of the Dn ' i have been uncovered and you enter them via linking book from the Cleft that Atrus had been raised in . There is also the legendary Dn ' i city which has been uncovered and most of the time you go there via linking book , you usually link to a DRC -LRB- Dn ' i Restoration Council -RRB- field ofice . Those usually have some information in them , but its overall meaningless.On To the GameplayLike i said earlier , you control an avatar instead of just click to go places . You use the arrow keys to control it and I ca n't tell you how much you should value that . Also , more puzzles require that advantage becase they are more problem then puzzle . For examp
 I 'm so glad I use a Macintosh and can wait until all the squabbles are over . -LRB- A guest from Lawrence , KS USA - The landscapes ... looked like something out of a Dr. Seuss book -RRB- If this is true - I ca n't wait ! I love Dr. Seuss ` they ' ought to make a Myst game exactly like ' I Had Trouble Getting to Solla Sallew ' and aim it at adults like me . I 've been waiting all this time , and now my dream may have come true . But I could n't be so lucky .
 I had posted a review and I actual updated it now that I have finished the game but after reading all the other reviews I felt I needed to add a little something more.First of all when you see the reviews that state you must have a powerfull video card and ALL stated system requirements ... ALL ... they are true . I had an older video card that played the game faily well but after upgrading , everything changed , I mean everything . The worlds were brightter , I could see much better making the puzzles easier to solve . And the walking/running got a whole lot easier . The slower the video card the harder it was to walk in 3rd person . Everything is much easier now . Even kickiing things into position , although I have to admit I do n't understand why you could not just pick it up!I have a 1.2 G CPU that I ramped -LRB- overclock -RRB- up to almost burn out since I am planning to upgrade that next anyway . That tremedously improved the load time . I think most of the load time is processing the world . There is a lot going on in these worlds that you do n't notice if you do n't take the time to smell the roses.I do have to admit that the CD is just an intro into the on-line version which I ca n't get into yet probably because they are having sever ... problems . -LRB- they expect me to upgrade but they have n't the money to do thier own ? -RRB- Hopefully when the online version gets up and running they have enough worlds so I do n't have to keep running into crowds of ppl.My system that ran the game with no problems , smooth and clean to me was n't that powerfull .1 -RRB- Dragon Lite Mother board with voltage and front side bus boosted to increase power2 -RRB- AMD 1.2 G Athlon MMX CPU3 -RRB- 512MB PC2700 over clocking memory4 -RRB- ATI All in Wonder 9000 series video 64M5 -RRB- EIDE ATA 133 hard drive6 -RRB- SBLive sound cardHopefully this will give you an idea of the system you need . Do n't cheat on the video if you want good game play.-jim
 Wow ... as I read these reviews , I 'm amazed at the level of technical declination among the reviewers , and at the intolerance of modern gaming platforms among Myst players.Get over yourselves , and read the box , people!System requirements are NOT established to be misleading , or to be a guideline - they are REQUIREMENTS . They 're not different from doctor 's recommendations , really ... if you DO N'T follow the instructions , you WILL suffer adverse effects . Like not being able to play the game because your hardware will not support it . Or like crashing because your system is struggling to run the software properly . You may even suffer problems you - wo n't - see unless you know how to look for them ... like if you do n't follow the doctor 's orders.Several reviewers have stated that your brand-new computer wo n't play it because your computer manufacturer cut corners on the graphics card . They 're RIGHT . When you look at custom building a computer , you can choose to throw another $ 50-100 at it for a quality 3rd party -LRB- NVIDIA or ATI -RRB- graphics card , or you can skimp and run with the motherboard graphics chipset . While it 's not bad for home office use , it will never run a video game or photo/video editing software worth a crap.Uru 's requirements call for a relatively high-powered processor and significant RAM ; if your computer is 3 years or younger , it can handle it , roughly . That has NO bearing on what kind of video card you can use - most modern games draw their processing power , and memory , from the video card , not your CPU . Oh , and NVIDIA and ATI are manufacturers , with a RANGE of video cards available - and as I read the requirements , I saw that many CARDS are supported , though only two MANUFACTURERS are supported . So , you either go with a card from one of those two manufacturers , or you take your chances with your money and your time . The same story applies to your processor and RAM - the requirements are much looser than what you need for the video card , but if you 're running a PIII 600MHz with 512 MB RAM , or a P4 3.28 GHz with 192 MB RAM , ... you do n't meet the system requirements , so you wo n't get good -LRB- or any -RRB- performance.Bottom line
 I purchased URU for my husband for Christmas from Amazon.ca . He is such a fan of the entire Myst series that I knew he would love this new release . However , as mentioned in other reviews , be very careful re your system requirements . We did have the minimum listed but after literally hours of him trying to get the game to load properly , downloading upgrades , etc. etc. it turned out our videocard was insufficient . We had to upgrade to a Radeon 9600Pro with DirectX9 .0 . Needless to say , my $ 70 videogame , and $ 25 stragegy guide turned into a $ 400 surprise . To it 's credit , however , it now plays wonderfully and he loves it . I guess that 's what it 's really all about . Maybe I 'll change my mind when the VISA bill arrives .
 Regardless of the minimum requirements listed by the game , do not bother to try if you have less than 128 meg video card . I had the specific card named on the box , and it froze non-stop . I called their tech help ... no help . They told me it was probably my AUDIO CARD -LRB- ???? -RRB- becuase I had the min requirement video . I did not take their advice and went to a 128 video card , and it has played great since then . The game is fantastic , graphics are beautiful , but they need to be honest with the minimum requirements ... and also , do n't bother calling their tech help . You will likely know as much about computers as do they .
 I just read a couple of the reviews and it seems that the biggest gripe people have are not being able to get this game to work . That 's not really a fair review of the game . If you have the system requirements , it will work . In fact , I have not had a single problem/crash/freeze yet . I 've only played for about 3 hours , but some people here seem to have problems after only a few minutes . On to the game - it 's fantastic . I ca n't even comprehend why someone would give the game itself a bad review . It 's JUST like the previous games . The 3rd person view is a bit hard to control , but it definitely has advantages . You can see certain things much more clearly in 3rd . Just use 1st person to move around . The reason I gave it only 4 stars is that I have n't played it long enough to feel like I can confidently give it 5 . If you liked Myst AND you meet the system requirements , BUY THIS GAME ! It 's wonderful .
 Although this has now been supplanted by Myst Online
 If you like solitary adventure games , highly detailed and gorgeous graphics , and music that complements and enhance the environment , you 'll love Uru . But this endorsement comes with this caveat
 What can I say about Uru except that it is awesome . The graphics are hands down the best I 've ever seen as well as sounds , music , and general atmosphere . The Myst games have always had a kinda of eerie feeling about them and this game holds true to that . A couple places I was really spooked out because of how creepy it felt just standing there . Other places I could n't help but just stand there and look at the surroundings.There are a couple things to keep in mind about Uru . For one , it does require a powerful computer to run it and have all the bells and whistles turned up . I recommend having an audigy or audigy 2 card to hear the awesome sound effects and a video card from the last year or two . Also , good to have lots of ram !! You get to create your own character and see them move around and actually move objects and puzzles -LRB- not just you click and something moves by itself like the other myst games -RRB- . Some people do not like the new 3rd person view the game presents and I am one of those . Thankfully , you can switch to first person and move around using keyboard and mouse combination setup.One last thing I felt I should mention about Uru is that it is truly a different genre of game in itself . Is it an rpg ? Adventure game ? Multiplayer game ? Well , it 's all those in one ! When approaching this game keep in mind that it was designed and conceived with the idea that you can play it online and receive a virtually never ending supply of new content and updates . Some people may play through the single player game and not understand the point of it all . The point is to play to explore , solve puzzles , learn about an ancient race of people , and uncover a mystery . That 's why this game is so different and original . Only problem is that the online portion has not completely taken off yet . Only a few have been allowed in . This will give the developers the time they need to perfect the online portion and hopefully deliver one of the coolest experiences ever!So , is Uru for you ?? If you love adventure games and more importantly the myst games , then this game should find a spot on your hard drive . This game is incredibly polished and has very high production quality . They spent like 5 years making it so it 'd better be good and it is ! Prepare yourself for URU !
 Uru
 This is Cyanworlds ' most recent `` out-on-a-limb '' game ... breaking the known barriers for internet-based massive multiplayer games . While it contains a superb offline version , the online portion is what makes this game worth the manufacturer 's suggested retail price!Some people are concerned that URU wo n't do justice to the Myst series ... I do n't see how that is , seeing that Cyanworlds is the company who created the entire thing . I could understand the concern for Myst III
 The latest in the Myst/Riven/Exile series follows in the tradition of `` pushing the envelope '' the folks at Cyan have been so good at for over ten years ! Uru is not strictly a sequel but part of an ongoing saga . While it is a `` must buy '' for avid Myst fans , it would also captivate someone who has never played a Myst game.This game is intended to be played on-line with a broadband connection to the Internet , but the boxed version contains a single-player game that is an outstanding follow-on in the Myst tradition . The single-player game is the prerequisite for going on-line , and the first month of on-line play is included in the price . Visit their web site at http://uru.ubi.com/ for a preview and additional details . This game has something for everyone - spectacular graphics , challenging puzzles , and a story line that follows the back story of the Myst sagas . An informal survey of about 200 current players shows an even distribution of ages from late teens through `` over 60 . `` The game is played in the third person - you start off by creating an avatar - a graphic representation of yourself . In the game , `` U R U '' - You Are You , and you 're actually in the game . That 's not to say you ca n't improve on nature a bit . I 'm in my late-50 's and admit to having shaved a few years and a few pounds when I created my avatar ! You control your avatar as you explore the worlds that you are actually walking , running , and jumping through , interacting with various objects to open doors , operate machinery , gain information , and progress through the game.The on-line version is even more exciting , adding the exploration of a vast underground city together with your fellow adventurers with whom you interact visually and with real-time voice communication.If you 're not familiar with the Myst saga , it revolves around an ancient civilization called the D'ni that has developed a way of traveling from world to world -LRB- called `` Ages '' in the game -RRB- using special books called Linking Books . Each of the games has four or five Ages , and Uru is no exception , with six Ages in the single-player version . Each offers a totally different opportunity to explore , solve puzzles , and learn more of the background story that is being woven together into an elaborate tapestry . The on-line version promises even more Ages for the adventurer , probably at the rate of one new Age every one or two months.I 've been playing adventure games since the `` original '' - ADVENT by Crowther and Woods in 1979 , and Uru is a worthy latest step in the development of this genre . Like all of the Cyan games , there is no violence or gore , and the game is suitably rated `` E '' for everyone . Uru offers a challenging and enjoyable experience for adventurers of all ages.Highly recommended!Walt Scrivens
 For those who are complaining about the interface and the controls , they really are not that bad ! It was a little odd at first , but being totally customizable , it takes only a few minutes to get used to the interface . The game itself is amazing ! The graphics and the music blend perfectly into another Myst world . I have played every Myst game since the original , and this , as the others , just got better than the last . The people who are playing the demo only and not buying the game based on that , have no idea what you are missing . . Yes it starts a little odd , but it does get better I promise ! The 3d environments are STUNNING . . a couple of times in the game , I audibly gasped at the beauty I saw before me . Being an avid puzzle solver , this game did not let me down . -LRB- though I will admit to using the hints on the website once -RRB- ... AMAZING ... if I could give it more than 5 stars I would . . One word however , the system requirements are sort of steap , so check before you buy . . Even if you have to purchase a couple of other things to make this -LRB- and just about any other game due to come out in the next year -RRB- , play on your system . . it 's well worth the upgrade !
 Other reviewers have noted the awkward controls and I 'll have to agree with that . You really do have to routinely switch between 1st and 3rd person views and mix mouse and keyboard controls to play the game . That is , without a doubt , annoying.That said , after playing the game for several days straight now , the game layout and story line are great , the worlds are fantastic and the puzzles hard -LRB- what you look for in a good Cyan game -RRB- . I 've come to terms with the poorly executed first person controls -LRB- just about any First Person Shooter game on the market has better controls than this -RRB- and am really enjoying the game now.It 's not exactly like Myst but it does n't pretend to be either . It 's very Myst-like in the creation of the visually appealing worlds and the funky mechanical physics that make all the Myst titles fun to look at and experiment with . Lots of the familiar lever/button/switch / pressure plate type interaction for the puzzles that 'll keep you thinking for days on end -LRB- unless you cheat and go for a walk through -RRB- . Short story - great game that 's marred a bit by poor controls . Definitely worth a pick up in my book , however .
 Now having completed the single-player version of this game , I can say it is probably the best I 've ever played in this genre , and certainly the best of the Myst series . At the beginning I was very put off by the nearly-unmanageable cursor , but after removing all the other -LSB- user -RSB- background tasks on my 3 GHz machine , I found it possible , though still very annoying , to work with . The problem with cursor management is simply that there is an extraordinary amount of other `` stuff '' going on in the game , and cursor positions are not updated often enough . One would hope that the relative amount of time devoted to mouse position polling and other functions can be slightly modified to give the kind of smooth mouse action usually found . In contrast to the mouse , the motion keys -LSB- arrow keys -RSB- are a bit over-sensitive , and one will find that a mix of walk/run and 1st person/3rd person views to be most useful .
 Pretty much everyone has heard of the breakthrough game Myst , which in its day was a revolutionary and unique adventure game with no instructions , no defined goals , cutting-edge graphics and mindbending , original puzzles . The followups , Riven and Exile , have continued this tradition in much the same format as Myst.Uru is another Myst game but in a different vein - and so some Myst fans will love it , some will hate it.Rather than the prerendered graphics of the previous games , Uru contains immersive 3D environments that are rendered on the computer and so allow you much more freedom to wander round and explore . Unlike the static first person views of the other games , you control an avatar that can run , jump , climb and crawl all over the gameplay area . So if you ever wanted to try to jump on a rock , slide down a handrail or wade in a lake , you can.Of course , this represents a major departure from the lack of any challenges requiring running , jumping , or timed character manipulation in the earlier games . People unfamiliar with this sort of interface will take some time coming to grips with it . And the presence of timed puzzles where your avatar must do certain things within a limited time will frustrate those whose control of the avatar is not that good . There are not many absolutely crucial jumps or timed runs , but it is frustrating in a Myst game to work out what you have to do but just not have the physical ability to get your avatar to do it . Even more frustrating is the fact that you can ` die ' - well , not die exactly , but if you miss a jump and fall into a lava pit you have to link back to another area , then restore your game to where you were before . The game automatically saves your progress to a certain extent , so you wo n't be caught out having to redo a puzzle , but it is frustrating having to wait a minute or two for the various game sections to reload in order to continue.The game looks fantastic and perhaps the best aspect is the many large , spectacular landscapes that you explore , all of which have their charms . Of course , this comes at the cost of needing a high-end system more suited to first person shooters than adventure games . Adventure gamers may need to shell out to upgrade their system to play this game , which you may think is a brave move on the part of the developers until you recall that the original Myst game caused millions of people to go out and buy a CD-Rom drive for the first time . Upgrading to play a Myst game is not new.There are the usual fiendish puzzles . I 've written before about the new elements of dexterity that are needed for some of them , which will put some people off . Also , the logic for some of the puzzles is extremely elusive . And the game commits one of the cardinal sins of adventure games , requiring you to go back and forward transporting things from one area to another more than once . This just causes frustration - you 've solved the puzzle , why trudge back and forth to complete it?The greatest disappointment with the puzzles , however , is that there are not many of them . Only one ` age ' is puzzle-intensive in the way we 've come to expect from the Myst series . Two others have a moderate number of puzzles , and one has , in reality , only one puzzle in the whole age.In fact , while there are vast areas to explore , many of them are not related to the gameplay at all . Several of them were clearly intended as spaces to be put to use in a planned online extension of the game , which has now been cancelled . The game is certainly self-contained , but is also clearly a lead-in for the online game . There are a number of locations which will not make much sense to the offline player , as they play no part in the offline game.The story is also much more basic than earlier games . Essentially , both Uru and the proposed Uru Live were about gaining access to the ancient city of D'ni and exploring a number of ages . You have no real quest , merely a mission to explore , and the reason why you are exploring is never quite clear . The game then becomes a simple treasure hunt . In each age you need to find seven panels and then depart through a final portal . There are also bonus items that are not essential to the game but which allow you to customise , to a degree , your own ` personal age ' , Relto . Really , the plot goes not much further than that , although there is a back story that involves Atrus ' daughter , Yeesha , sending you on a quest that never really develops.Perhaps to enhance the sense of exploration and make up for the lack of story , there are copious journals scattered through the game written by other explorers describing the history of the D'ni people , and their own explorations . These do n't advance the story at all and are of pretty much no use in playing the game - they 're just there for colour . This would be frustrating to the dilligent gamer who takes copious notes of everything found just in case it becomes relevant.Uru was initially intended as an online game only , and it was only late in its development that the decision was made to take some of the content and release it as an offline game . This is no doubt the reason why the game lacks some of the structure , logic and coherence as a total package that the earlier games had . It was probably a wise decision to do this , as signup rates for the online game were apparently very poor - and as many of the reviews here show , a lot of people had no interest in the online game . To compensate for the cancellation of the online game , a free expansion pack is being released for downloa in mid-March that should tidy up at least some of the current loose ends with the game , as well as providing some new areas to explore and new ` goodies ' such as clothing items for your avatar and customisations for Relto.The initial release of the game was fairly buggy , so be sure to download the patch available from the publisher 's website or via the ` update ' feature in-game . You will definitely need a machine that matches or betters the tech specs given - the game is hungry on computing power . Even with a high powered machine , expect some slow load times on particular areas . Fortunately the game comes on one disc so there is no CD-swapping . In brief - if your system is up for it , and you would like to journey through some truly spectacular scenery with the odd mindbending puzzle along the way , give the game a go . Also , do n't forget to keep your eyes out for an expansion pack when it becomes available . The interface can be awkward but stick with it because the visual rewards are great . It is disappointing , however , that the game 's origins have prevented this game from continuing in the Myst tradition of carefully plotted , highly logical , high concept games that were far more than just pretty scenery , and which appealed to so many outside the usual gaming market .
 I really recommend this game to long-time fans of the Myst series of games AND to newcomers to the series . It 's definitely a game for the entire family ! Explore lush Ages and mysterious puzzles offline and online , experience the shared excitement with others as the D'ni civilization is slowly revealed and their world -LRB- s -RRB- restored with your help . Highly recommended for a unique Christmas present !
 I 've looked at a lot of the other reviews here on Amazon.com and I 'm beginning to feel that Uru has been unfairly rated . A large amount of them have given it 3 stars or less simply because they were n't able to play it on their system.This is because of two different reasons , by the way :1 . Uru only runs on Windows , it does not run on Macintosh2 . Uru has very critical requirements on what video card you need to have in order to play the gameWhile both of these are disappointments to many people , I do not think they constitute an accurate review of the game itself . Perhaps they 've released Uru a bit too far ahead of its time . Looking at the actual CONTENT of Uru , once you 're able to play it , it proves itself to be one of the best games of 2003 . It starts out much the same way as Myst did . You have no clue what you are supposed to do , and are simply left to figure EVERYTHING out on your own . Without really understanding the significance of your actions , you 'll embark on a journey ... and pieces of the story are slowly leaked out . The game really puts an emphasis on our natural curiosity . It starts to make sense the deeper you explore.Regarding the tricky gameplay , it is important to point out that you can switch between 1st and 3rd person views . First person is far easier to use , but third person gives you a better sense of scale.The graphics and sound are adjustable before you start up the game , so if your PC is on the low end , you can adjust everything so it runs smoother . The ultra-high quality mode looks brilliant , and even medium quality is still VERY nice.The sound effects are some of the best I 've heard . They pan from speaker to speaker , based on where you are in the world . They also reverberate when you enter caves . Very realistic worlds . I should also point out that the music really lends to the atmosphere much like the previous Myst games did.I 've also been able to take part in the online portion of the game a few months early , and it is even better than the offline game . You have more clothing to personalize your avatar to look more like YOU . You can explore other places , and with friends , too ! New worlds are going to be continually added , so the replay value is nothing short of insane . Most importantly , Uru 's online counterpart has an ACTUAL STORYLINE ! It involves real people , like you , within the Myst universe . It 's a lot like real life . Things change .
 Upgraded my PIII from 550 to 1.4 GHZ CPU -LRB- $ 135 -RRB- , bought a 128MB GEForce FX5200 8X AGP -LRB- backward compatible to the 2X AGP slot I have on my PC -RRB- but still a relatively low-end card compared to others available today ~ $ 70 -RRB- , a Soundblaster Live card using analog sound -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- . I 'm in no hurry to play/finish the game . I can play -LRB- maybe -RRB- 1-2 hours a week . I do n't buy many other games so I 'm going to savor this one . The graphics are beautiful and the sound is awesome . For $ 230 I `` rescued '' my aging PC -LRB- faster on all other applications , so not a waste of money -RRB- . And , I can enjoy the sequel to Exile -LRB- my favorite Myst game to date -RRB- . I fully expect this game to exceed Exile in effects . I 'm glad to hear URU has some tough puzzles too . I do n't buy cheater books and do n't accept any `` hints '' from others -LRB- Riven took me over 2 years to solve - but I 'm not in any rush as I do n't play any other games ~ well , I 've got one other favorite ~ Prince of Persia and I have bought the latest but have n't taken it out of the box yet -RRB- . The thrill of discovery and the challenge of solving puzzles adds to the enjoyment this game offers.Yes , even with my `` upgrade '' I still have to `` baby '' the game and reboot my machine after playing for 30-60 minutes -LRB- the game can still freeze my Windows 2000 OS -RRB- . But , it 's playable and enjoyable and I 'm confident a future patch will be released that deals with the freezing of the video -LRB- from time-to-time -RRB- .
 Upgraded my PIII from 550 to 1.4 GHZ CPU -LRB- $ 135 -RRB- , bought a 128MB GE Force FX5200 8X AGP -LRB- backward compatible to my 2X AGP slot but still the low-end card ~ $ 70 -RRB- , a Soundblaster Live Soundcard using analog interface -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- . I 'm in no hurry to play/finish the game . I can play -LRB- maybe -RRB- 1-2 hours a week . I do n't buy many other games so I 'm going to savor this one . The graphics are beautiful and the sound is awesome . For $ 230 I `` rescued '' my aging PC -LRB- faster on all other applications , so not a waste of money -RRB- . And , I can enjoy the sequel to Exile -LRB- my favorite Myst game to date -RRB- . I fully expect this game to exceed Exile in effects . I 'm glad to hear URU has some tough puzzles too . I do n't buy cheater books and do n't accept any `` hints '' from others -LRB- Riven took me over 2 years to solve - but I 'm not in any rush as I do n't play any other games ~ well , I 've got one other favorite ~ Prince of Persia and I have bought the latest but have n't taken it out of the box yet -RRB- . The thrill of discovery and the challenge of solving puzzles adds to the enjoyment this game offers.Yes , even with my `` upgrade '' I still have to `` baby '' the game and reboot my machine after playing for 30-60 minutes -LRB- the game can still freeze my Windows 2000 OS -RRB- . But , it 's playable and enjoyable and I 'm confident a future patch will be released that deals with the freezing of the video -LRB- from time-to-time -RRB- . So - why did I give this 4 stars ? The question asks
 I did enjoy this game overall , and I would recommend it to all MYST lovers , but be prepared for a somewhat frustrating change . I am a HUGE fan of the MYST series , which I would have given 5 stars each , I love the no stress atmosphere they have always brought into play . This game however , while it 's fun and Beautiful , in the MYST tradition , has to a lesser extent , the character control aggravation of Tomb Raider games , without the shooting and fighting , of course!The `` avatar '' is often difficult to move in the direction you want to go and there are some puzzles that require specific Physical aspects to solve them . Once I got more comfortable with the control it was less stressful , but I would have prefered NOT to have had that change in the series . I 'm afraid there will be many Myst fans who will not ever finish the game because of this . . : -LRB- I also felt that those puzzles which required the physical parts were harder because the logic was n't always there . Even as I stumbled on the `` answer '' , or turned to a walkthrough , which I did n't have to do in previous MYST games , I wonderd how was I supposed to have `` Figured '' that out ... . guess you 're not , you just have to accidentally discover it , or `` cheat '' ! I also was disappointed that they made this game so high in the system requirements area !! I just got a new computer , with lots of gaming `` power '' so I was fine and have plenty of `` system '' to handle it , but I know others who had to update several aspects of their computers in order to play !! I think the game developers need to give us a break , after all , who can afford to update hardware every time a new game we love comes out ??
 I grew up with the Asterix & Obelix franchise -LRB- originating in France -RRB- , and really enjoyed the continual adventures of the two Roman-bashing Gauls , their little dog , the funny names of the characters , so I was initially nervous when I saw a game based on it . Games based on franchises are notorious for being pretty lousy and unfun , but I thought I would take a chance.Boy was I wrong . This game is tremendously fun , it has a great variety of gameplay , such as either bashing romans , sliding down an icy slope , sailing in a boat or running to light a flame before your torch runs out of fire ... etc. . There are tons of collectibles , such as different costumes , and paintings , golden laurels etc.Also the game follows the comic world very closely , with such fun things as whacking boars to get food , and collecting helmets from the romans you smash . Although all the roman bashing may seem violent , it is done in good taste , and should be safe for kids.The music is kind of catchy , and the atmospheres are really great and very ambient.On the down side , the voice acting is kinda cheesy , the graphics are a little glitchy , and there was one glitch that I found , where the game crashed , tho it did not prevent me from completing that level .
 I have loved Asterix and Obelix ever since , as a child , I read the comics in French class . When I heard that this game was coming out after a moderate European release , I had to pick it up right away.Other reviews were tepid , likely because this game adds nothing new to the platforming genre . It 's full of `` collect 30 helmets '' and `` beat up x number of Roman soldiers '' , and you get to alternate between Asterix -LRB- fast and nimble -RRB- and Obelix -LRB- strong and powerful -RRB- . The graphics are cute , the sound is appropriate . I find the humor in the comics -LRB- e.g. making fun of Latin -RRB- funny , and it is carried into this game .
 This is a fun game to play and it 's not that hard . pretty simple levels and good controls -LRB- which is definately a plus -RRB- . The only 2 problems I came across which are n't that bad are ; occasional minor glitches -LRB- usually when you 're running in an area with no romans to beat up or being launched in the air -RRB- and sometimes the camera angle can be a pain . Other than those 2 minor flaws this is a decent game to purchase . I never was too familiar with the Asterix and Obelix characters but I still knew about them , and that made me get this game . Fans of the characters should really enjoy this especially .
 I have n't seen these guys since I was a little kid and after I started to play this I did n't want to stop playing it . the levels are very colorful and amazing . Asterix and Obelix are just awesome bada $ % #s . Just launching those Romans into theatmosphere . I recommend this game .
 This has to be one of the best games I 've ever played ! I have been a fan of the Asterix comics for awhile , and when I discovered there was an Asterix vidoe game I could buy , I was jumping up and down with joy!There are six provinces that you go to find and rescue the villagers of Asterix 's village , who have been captured by the Romans . Even though there are only six provinces that you go to , each area you explore is huge and full of surprises.The main strategy is to bash the Romans , true , but you will come across many puzzles to solve , like in Normandy , where you 're fighting the boss there . You have to get Asterix to jump on a small platform , where Obelix then has to continuously punch a spinning switch to get Asterix up , jump on a hanging platform , and press the giant , red button on top of the machine-like boss to reveal the weak points of the boss . Solving puzzles like these will help you reach the end of the level in one piece , and with good rewards.The music in the game is really great ! It 's the kind of music you would enjoy listening to for a long time . The graphics are n't bad either . They are not as good as some video games today , but they are surprisingly good for a game based off of a comic book series ! The character 's movement runs smoothly , and actions are carried out very well . The combos you can do in the game are really neat , but I find it a little hard to actually pull off the combo . This is n't really bad , since you 're going to spend so much time hitting the Romans , that you 'll forget about the combos ! I really think it 's hilarious how you can press the R1 button and send Dogmatix to go after a Roman and bite him in the butt . After doing this , the Roman drops his weapons and cowers , unable to do a thing ! This makes it easy to grab him and swing him around your head.Overall , this game is well worth getting . I had to buy a Playstation 2 to get this game , but it was well worth it ! This game is great for anyone of any age to play . Now , if only we can get more older Asterix video games to the U.S. ...
 Hey , I was n't expecting much from this game but thanks to a friend who recommended it to me -LRB- I trust his opinion a lot -RRB- he was actually right - we have a good game here , folks!You have plenty of things to do in the game , mainly taking care of Roman soldiers . The animation is truly bizarre and the action is pretty interesting and hilarious as well.You have up to 40 levels to complete , and I ca n't really find any complaints with the game . There 's plenty of surprises awaiting you in each of the levels , too .
 In the good ol' days , when I used to own a PS2 , I played this game a lot . Because it was very good . As good as Ratchet & Clank or Jak & Daxter even , if a bit different.For those who do n't know , it is based on one of the best comics in the world -LRB- not an overstatement -RRB- , Ast&eacute;rix . The main characters are Gauls , and are living in the last free village in Gaul , fighting off the Romans with the help of a magic potion . That 's the basic premise.In this game , the two mains , Asterix and Obelix -LRB- all Gauls have names that end with '' - ix '' -RRB- went off hunting , only to return to their little settlement taken by force by the Romans . Yep , the magic potion had run out and the wizard was making more while it happened . The villagers were captured and are about to be transported to different corners of the Roman Empire as slaves . Those Romans ... why do they have to be so bad ? ... oh , wait , cause they ARE . So , the titular duo must go and rescue their friends . This , is the premise of the GAME.The game is divided into several HUGE levels , each representing a conquered province of The Empire . The first one is Gaul , the rest ... find out yourself :-RRB- What I did like about the levels , is a total lack of loading times and how good they looked . You actually get THE FEELING that you have arrived in a different country with every new level . The buildings are beautiful , they are even painted realistically . The trees look great , so do the mountains and beaches . You can see through water , and there 's even fish in it ! There are birds , animals and bugs and snakes in the background , all animated nicely . The structure of the game is a nice mix of linear and non-linear . You are playing though one big open area to another , with occasional little side-paths to take . Beware of the collectibles!The gameplay is a mix between platforming and beating-Romans-up . You have your double jump , that will sometimes be a difference between life and a pit with spikes -LRB- yep , no BOTTOMLESS pits here -RRB- . You also have your -LSB- -RSB- attack button , but it 's only the beginning . First , most of your enemies can be stunned for a few seconds . While stunned , you can pick them up with the ' button and use as a Roman whirlwind to hit everybody around you . If your AI-controlled buddy actually throws a bad guy at you , you can pwn him in mid-air to receive a multiplier , that will work on the game 's basic collectables -LRB- currency -RRB- . Then , there 's the O button , that allows you to push a Roman aside from the group and make it personal . Yep , you are usually attacked by more than 10 enemies at once . And more than 20 sometimes ... But the game does n't stop at mashing the -LSB- -RSB- button , no ! If you kick 455 for long enough , your `` combo meter '' will rise up . THEN , the FUN begins ! You can buy combo moves at your occasional shop , from a funny guy with a French accent . While the combo meter has n't gone down , press a certain button combination and enjoy ! WARNING , most combo moves are VERY unrealistic , topping ALL Kung-Fu movies ever made . Oh , did I mention that all enemies FLY OFF SCREEN SCREAMING when you beat them?There 's also puzzle-solving and occasional races.The music of the game is notable also . It can only be described as `` Euro-Techno '' . How cool is that ?! There are also some relaxing pieces add balance to otherwise frantic gameplay.The game MAY look like a boring beat-em-up with one attack button . But play it for more than 10 minutes and you will be surprised .
 Mafia the -LSB- edited -RSB- of the 1930 's . Great deep story about a Mafia family . The Xbox version is alot more better than the PS2 version . The load times are very fast . It 's fast like -LSB- edited -RSB- on Xbox . Graphics look 1,000 times better than PS2 version . Everything looks alot more cleaned up , and the details in everthing look a ton better . The levels are alot more clear than the PS2 version . When it 's night time in the game you can see where your driving . In the PS2 version it was hard to see cause it was so dark . I have n't seen any draw distance so far . PS2 version had a big problem with that , where things would just pop up out of no where and you 'd crash into something . Controls Works great with the Xbox Controller S . The game dose n't freeze either , the PS2 version froze alot for me . I think it was worth the wait , it 's a whole lot better than the PS2 version . If your a fan of -LSB- edited -RSB- , or Mafia action check out Mafia for xbox or PC.Don ' t waste your time on the PS2 version .
 Order came on time and as described , it was an Xbox not Xbox 360 which I had no idea about so I bought my son an Xbox vintage original and he is thrilled , therefore so am I . The seller was able to offer return and was prompt and courteous to my issue before I came to the decision regarding the game console .
 -LRB- Note
 What a start to a great game ! Going back in time and seeing the cars , the clothes and other things from an earlier era ! I love this game ! It gives you hours of fun ! I just wished it would have worked on the xbox 360 instead of having to set up my old Xbox , but it was worth it !
 This is a fun game . The graphics are great . Gameplay is great . Sound is OK . Value is good , however I did n't have as much fun the second time I beat it . Nice levels . Realistic . Tommy Guns , Baseball bats , Colt , Shotguns , Pistols , Tons of different cars , Good story . Get this game
 This game is fun . Lots of variety and different faces . Way better than -LSB- edited -RSB- , Which I think has bad graphics and is very repetiteve . You bash , you brawl and blow up cars . just one problem . Where 's the blood ? The game would be more satisfying if there was more gore . Also , Live would have been nice
 Firstly , the bad points . Graphically , there is a lot of pop-up and the frame rate can be slow . There are -LRB- sometimes -RRB- camera issues . However these flaws -LRB- once you get used to them -RRB- really do not detract from what is an otherwise excellent game . Mafia is one of the most immersive games I 've played - you really do feel as though you are living and working in the 1930 's Mafia . Outstanding cut scenes bookend the missions.Despite the formentioned flaws , Mafia is one amazing , detailed and immersive game that will keep you at your xbox for hours on end .
 It 's always good to play a game that you have no expectations for and it blows you away.You 're a hitman for the mafia or kind of a fix it man . I do n't know if you 're suppose to be but that 's how it comes off . You do different mission though out the game in a fairly large city , anything from beating someone with a bat to robbing a bank . Almost like GTA but in the 1930 's . It has some pretty nice cut scenes and a good story , my favorite part of the game is the tommy gun -LRB- you will understand -RRB- .
 This was a great game with a great story line . It had the freedom of -LSB- edited -RSB- , but with a 1930 's theme . Because you have to work your way up through the ranks of the mob , this game was challanging but not impossible . Overall this is a great game !
 ok here 's the thing
 i think this is the best gangster game i ever play . the story is good , graphic is good , easy control , real life situation , and exciting in each of the scenario . i had play other gangster games , but i think this is the best .
 I first played this on PC and i enjoy it , then i played it for XBOX not much the same expereince but still liked playing it ... GOOD PLAY
 This is a great game . although the graphics are pretty bad . also most cars only reach up to about 70 mph . but the other cars are going only 15 mph so it makes your car seem fast . i would recomend this game to anyone who likes to learn about newyork mafias in the 1930s !
 Dont buy this game . I hated this game unless you like slow old cars and driving by the rules . I say if you want a game like this to by -LSB- edited -RSB- . I didnt like how the cars were and the camera angles .
 I reccomend to buy this game it is great ! But , always expect the unexpected . That is all i have to say ...
 this is a great game in the beggining . the story is good missions good care pretty nice especially the good ones you get to steal . the maps are pretty much the same as the new york used to be . including clarks motel . if you dont know what that is you probably dont know much about mafia things . it got me to learn about the mafia and watch the goodfather . but anyway once you get stuck on a mission you might stop for a little and play another game . once you go back you realize how bad the graphics are . you start to loose interest in the game and not play it and that is the one flaw .
 This is a great game . It has great graphics , and good game-play . It is a lot like GTA III & Vice city , but that 's not a bad thing.What I did not like was that it is plagued with bugs . None that really affects the game-play , none that I 've encountered . They 're not going to ruin your game-play experience unless you 're really anal . One I saw is sometimes when your watching cut - scenes you will see all of a persons eyeball , and the other is when I was in a level I shot this guy and he flew up in the air and was stuck . That was about it . The character models are something to write home about though , better than in the GTA series -LRB- except the eyeball thing -RRB- I had fun , and am still having fun with it.Oh yeah there are no codes so you have to rely on your skills to get you through it.I love the game but proceed with caution.If you like GTA then check it out because Mafia expands on some things but is not as diverse in gameplay .
 My sister 's boyfriend recommended me to buy this game , and as soon as I launched the Czech PC version of the game - which is the version that I started with - I found it totally amazing . I am proud of my fellow Czechs who were able to construct this game - a game chosen as the best game of the year 2002 -LRB- at least in many European countries -RRB- . The amount of data -LRB- contained on 3 CD 's -RRB- that the creators had to put together is shocking , and initially it seemed to me that a team of 20 people would need several centuries to finish this task . Well , fortunately they have used a lot of modern technology , for example a system to scan the motion of the real actors which is subsequently translated to the motion of the artificial humans , and therefore the task was doable . There are many hours of `` movies '' in between the different scenes , and there is a lot of audiovisual effects everywhere . The individuals in the game have pretty good artificial intelligence , and you will be impressed how realistic all these objects and their motion are -LRB- unlike the cartoonish style of GTA , for example -RRB- . The Lost Heaven City is a completely realistic city , designed according to the actual buildings in the New York City and Chicago of the 1930s . Everything seems to work perfectly in this city - including the gas stations , public transportation , banks , car races , ships , small airport , and so on . Imagine more than twenty squared miles of the urban architecture where everything responds in a realistic fashion , including many things that are unnecessary to fulfil the game 's twenty main missions -LRB- e.g. you decide jump from the bridge in order to see the ship from another side -RRB- . There are 60 different models of the cars - that you can steal on the street if you learned how - that were carefully copied from the real cars in the 1930s -LRB- but they were renamed -RRB- . All these cars respect all the laws of physics and they are described by 100 physical parameters each . If you shoot at the car -LRB- or use some explosives -RRB- , it 's getting destroyed in a very realistic way.Moreover , there are about 30 fan web sites dedicated to the game , and the people who understand computers well enough can have a lot of additional fun with modding the PC version of the game - changing the cars , textures on the buildings , music , sounds , and so on . The Xbox version does not allow you to do it , I guess , but it has other advantages over the PC version - it seems that the graphics is even smoother.The game has a tutorial where you learn how to control Tommy -LRB- which is you -RRB- . On the PC version , the arrow keys and other keys on the keyboard are used for motion -LRB- and changing the weapons , jumping , and so on -RRB- while the mouse allows you to change the direction where you look -LRB- or shoot -RRB- , and this combination is very natural . You can practice as the taxi driver - you will learn geography of the Lost Heaven City after some time -LRB- the map is recommended -RRB- . The main game has 20 main missions with 106 checkpoints or so where the game is saved , and afterwards you may continue with the `` free ride extreme '' . Nevertheless , I needed about 50 hours to complete the main missions.The story seems as a good piece of literature - you are a taxi driver who accidentally becomes a member of Mafia , and you are getting increasingly difficult tasks . Well , you will have to shoot a lot of people , but from a moral perspective , I am sure that at the end you will agree that being a mafioso is not the best -LRB- and easiest -RRB- option for your life - especially because your friend will betray you , and you will have to kill him . After the war , they will kill you anyway.The game was banned in Italy for some time in 2002 because the authorities viewed it as a perfect textbook to become a criminal . The most natural audience for this game are almost definitely Americans like you , but the publisher company of the PC version did a bad job when they promoted this game in the U.S. and the success in the U.S. was much weaker than the game 's achievements in Europe . Therefore you are sort of lucky to read this review . Mafia might be the best game ever -LRB- so far , as of January 2004 -RRB- , and it is much less known in the U.S. than it should be -LRB- so far -RRB- . Do n't get manipulated by the advertisements of less perfect games . Buy Mafia , and you will be impressed .
 This review is based on the PC version , but it 's identical for all versions.The game 's graphics are nice , flows smoothly , and is colorful . There 's a lot of cars moving around , and pedestrians too.The game is a lot similar to GTA 3 and Vice City , only better . The gameplay is fun and hard . It 's realistic -LRB- you run out of gas and need to refill -RRB- , and has excellent sounds , voice acting , and intense gunfights too.The sounds and voice acting is great and the story 's excellent . You 'll keep playing to see what happens next.The only bad thing is that the cars are a bit slow -- they 're from the 1930s and move like so . They lose speed when going up hills , and there not fast overall . These cars are not sports cars.Lastly , a realistic feature is that you ca n't just steal cars so easily . You need to learn how to do it -LRB- the game gives you the ability to do so -RRB- and you ca n't just steal a car in 1 second -- there 's a meter and it 's your progress of picking the car 's lock . People actually lock their cars , and you 're picking the lock ! Realistic!This game is long and challenging . One of the best games ever made . Enjoy it !
 I just finished this game yesterday and I loved it . It took me about a week off and on to beat it so it 's not too bad . Getting to play a gangster and driving the old timey cars and hearing the 30s music and seeing 30s settings was definitely a nice change from the everyday game . The cinematic cutscenes were wonderful and the facial animations and graphics were very welld one . The rest of the graphics in the game could have been better though so I was slightly disappointed in that area . But the sheer fun of the game more than makes up for it . This was my first gangster game to play and needless to say I will be looking for more of that type in the future with Godfather out now and Scarface coming in the future towards the end of the year . This game is pretty violent and the language is pretty bad though ... but after all , this IS a MAFIA game . There was only one real letdown in the game though , but I will let you find that out for yourself . Those things aside , I highly recommend this game to those of a mature audience . You will definitely enjoy it . Before I forget , there is an added plus to the game . There is a race mode where you can race old timey cars ! Coolness indeed ! There is also a free roam mode too . Neat ! Go out , buy it , enjoy !
 missions in this game are fun but the graphics lack a bit . the cars are realistic and the music is great to listen to in free ride .
 I am all for people expressing their opinions , but I will say that this game is much better than some of the negative reviews would have you believe . The missions are fun and challenging enough to keep you interested , not frustrated , and the settings/environments are nice.In response to some of the reviews , I would like to point out that the driving in Mafia is not difficult . It is different because it uses the triggers for acceleration and reverse as opposed to the more common button method , but it is not difficult . You will pick up on the controls and handling in no time at all.Also , Mafia is not Grand Theft Auto , and it is not meant to be . I do n't know why people continue to rate every game based on how it compares to GTA.The only aspects of the game that may take some getting use to are the reloading and aiming techniques . It is actually a bit more realistic than other titles , but the timing will frustrate you at first . A trick that I have learned is to keep your backup weapons loaded so that you can switch to them for a quick shot when one piece is empty/reloading . Bottom line
 I rented this and played it for 4 days straight . The game is long and the sound production is one of the best Ive ever heard with the surround on . Not as gruesome or realistic as the Getaway , but the controls are way better . A few missions are kinda pointless like drive from point a to b , but the rest of the missions are very well thought out and impressive . Then theres the cars . If your tired of the same old vehicles you 'll be quite intrigued by these oldies .
 This game is great . The graphics could be better , although , not real bad . It is a lot like -LSB- edited -RSB- , but the A.I. in this game are much smarter , more realistic , and challenging.In this game , you 're playing the story that your character has to tell to the detective . It 's very interesting , great story line , and there are many different types of missions to go through . The game takes you through blowing up cars , a car chase , collecting protection money , and up to my point in the game , RACING ! I honestly ca n't say if this game was worth the -LSB- edited -RSB- or not . I think it 'll depend on how the story broadens and what other missions the Don sends ya on . I think it 's a very promising game though . It was slow at first , and the graphics kinda chased me away , but I gave it an honest chance , and it really is growing on me . Great game !
 First off , unlike some reviews state , this game 's controls are not as bad as they seem . I actually have not had any issues with controlling the player nor the cars.True , the cars seem to handle poorly and they take awhile to get moving and to stop , but that 's how they worked back then . The cars were heavy and this adds more realism to the game itself . They did n't have Porsche 's and other sports cars that handled turns effectively . Cars were made of heavy-duty materials , not fiberglass and such . I think it compliments the era that you are playing in , which is the 1930 's gangster era.The graphics are not top-notch , but they are better than the GTA series . The acting is not bad and the story unfolds in a connected , linear fashion , but it 's an engaging story.Basically , you are Tommy Angelo , taxi cab driver who gets pulled into the seedy underground of the mob . The story itself is told from Tommy 's perspective as he reports his history with the Salieri family to a policeman . I have n't completed the game yet , but I 'm interested in seeing how it all plays out.The first couple of missions will get you introduced to driving around the city . Here is where the game might stick in some peoples craw because there is a lot of driving from one mission to the next and the driving can be somewhat slow at times due to the era the game takes place in . The cars , as I stated , can not go from zero to sixty in 6 seconds . But , that adds to the realism . Also , when you switch from one section of the city to the next , the game pauses for about 5 seconds as it loads . It 's not bad and I hear it 's worse on a competing console . On PCs , it 's non-existent , but I 've never played the PC game so I can not say for sure . The driving is more of a `` cut scene '' to the actual mission . Luckily , from what I 've read , the XBox version has made this go faster than the PC version , so you spend less time driving in the XBox version so you can get to the actual mission itself.Once you make it to the destination , the real mission begins and so does the fun . There are different missions to do
 This game is spectacular i had it for pc and it was great.The enviroment of Lost Heaven is so detailed.The missons are filled with gun shootouts ! and alot of explosions.I reccomend that anyone who is upsessed with Mafia History should get this game !
 If you enjoy whimsical racing games -LRB- like Re-Volt or Toy Commander -RRB- , I think you will like this game despite its lackluster published reviews . Very simple controls , interesting tracks , good sense of speed , colorful graphics , acceptable sound -LRB- you can turn the music off if you like -RRB- . Due to the confined nature of the tracks , control of vehicles has to be very precise which may make this game a little too difficult for young gamers . Available used for under $ 3.00 at many outlets ... worth the money .
 SERIOUSLY folks , this game is the BEST ! and i 'm not just another old person writing a review.After all , I am kinda like JAMES Bond ! Well enough about me , the games awesome ` cause I think the 1-4 player mode is cool and you get to choose from about 48 cars . There 's 8 tracks and 8 people to choose from . Overall I 'd give this game 1,000,000 stars and it 's one of the best racing games out there . : -RCB-
 It was fast shipppind no wear i loved it . I will order fro here agin some time ! ! !
 I honestly can not see how this game is treated so poorly , I find this game to be both fun and hilarious . me and my friends play the vs mode on this game a lot and fight outcomes can be funny as heck especially Marilyn Manson 's `` portal to hell '' finisher . my one gripe about this game is that the unlockable characters are n't worth it , but otherwise the character selection is great . my personal favorites are Marilyn Manson , Anna Nicole Smith , and Ron Jeremy . So yeah , this game is only like 2 bucks , so if you have a ps2 or compatible ps3 -LRB- like me -RRB- I highly recommend this game .
 Its a good game but they could of put more effort into it & made it more fun but other than that its funny to see celebs get killed lol
 When you first start the game , you will have to play each episode to unlock the rest of the arenas and celebrities . If you can beat episode 6 , you will then unlock Wizard Johnny and Gladiator Nick . But , there is no limit to how many celebritie -LRB- s -RRB- you can create and save .
 I would personally rate this game a 5 , but i suppose this will get completed easily and the game will probably get boring aftera bit . I think it is good , you are a celeb and you beat the hell out of the other apponent i won nearly every time . DEATHMATCH to fight good game that could probably be completed quitre easily .
 Fun game , but very short . Beat it within 6 hours .
 Why does everyone I know who 's played this game does not like Carrot Top ? There 's absolutely nothing wrong with him . I was surprised who was on this game when I got it . If there 's someone who gets annoying quickly like Ron Jeremy or Anna Nicole Smith or Cindy Margolis , I can easily kill them with ones like Jerry Springer or the Mummy ! THIS GAME IS NEAT ! -LCB- It 's not my favorite , but a neat fighting game -RCB- .
 I have alot of the same complaints as others -LRB- lack of instruction to be my chief concern but overcome -RRB- . Yet this game is by far one of the funniest games I have played in quite sometime . Plus it is hard to be mad at the game even when you lose . I mean how mad can you be after ripping off Justin Timberlake 's legs and arms ! Anyone who wants to laugh until they pee or anyone who loves to see animated violence will love this game , but if you focus to much on trying to be technical and fight with purpose and stratagy then forget it . You just need to get lost in the hilarity of the concept behind this game and just enjoy it . Not the best game ever but for my money one of the best wrestling formated games you can buy .
 This game is a lot of fun . It does date itself a little bit because of the charaters that are in it . But , everyone can enjoy it . Sometimes , its probably funnier for Adults though !
 It 's not the greatest fighting game ever , but quite a lot of fun . i loved the show and the game is pretty damn good . Renting first is a good idea . Not a lot of replay value unfortunately
 I 'll be honest . As a fight game , this is n't very good . The moves take a bit of getting used to , and the fatality moves are often difficult to pull off until you get used to the game . -LRB- The fight is not over until you perform a fatality . Otherwise , you can beat the tar out of the other player , and they can turn around and beat you if you ca n't get off the fatality . This has happened to me several times . Yes , it 's frustrating . -RRB- However , the commentary makes this game really entertaining . The game has gotten pretty cheap . I paid the $ 20 price , and I think that was a good price . I play this game mainly to laugh at the dialogue . I 've actually had my brother listen to parts of this game over the phone ! For the price , I 'm happy with it . I think it 's fun and entertaining . I agree with the critics who say the material is a bit dated , but it #s still funny . It 's a great game to get for parties or times you want entertainment that does n't make you think very hard .
 Basically the same as winning eleven 9 . Still beats FIFA though . Gameplay is far superior and it just feels more involved and alive . FIFA does look prettier , but player movement is very unrealistic . Movement is much more fluid and smooth in winning eleven . FIFA looked like a bunch of ants spazzing out on the screen . What they need to do is work on graphics as well as player movement -LRB- as stated in some previous posts above -RRB- . Overall , this is still a great game in the Winning Eleven series .
 This Game is the best soccer game available out there for any system . Fifa is only an imitation of a soccer game , w / this game u can install boots , kits , balls , faces , stadiums , socks and more . I have been playing Fifa and this for over 7 yrs and so far PES is way ahead of Fifa , online play is great also on this game .
 The best soccer game . The response to the my rumblepad is better than we9 , graphics sobervious ... . a do n't give 5 stars I give 10 stars ...
 Moreso than any other superhero , Superman has fallen victim to poor game development . The last truly great game he enjoyed was on the Atari 2600 . Since that time , he 's endured a horrible NES game , a pair of weak 16-bit games and the unbelievably horrid Superman 64 for the Nintendo 64 . Let 's not even touch the Game Boy incarnation.Now that Superman has arrived on the next generation systems , is he faring any better ? His X-Box game , Superman
 Official Synopsis : THIS IS A JOB FOR SUPERMAN!Horrific waepons from the planet Apokolips have fallen into the hands of super villains . Only Superman has the power to thwart their insidious plot to take over the world.My Thoughts : Superman
 Super Speed , Super Strength , Heat Vision , X-Ray Vision , Super Hearing , Super Breath , and of course the ability to fly - it 's all here . There are 3 things that stand out about this game in my mind , 1 -RRB- Wonderful story telling , 2 -RRB- Superman 's flying - who knew it could be so easy to control ? , 3 -RRB- No repeats . When you lose at certain points of a stage , you do n't go back all the way to the begining of the stage but to when you were last sucessful . This is a great game !
 Faster than a speeding bullet , More powerful than a locamotive , Able to leap tall buildings in a single bound , Blasted from the doomed planet Krypton ! His incredible strengh has made him ... SUPERMAN ! Superman shadow of apokolipsis my favorite game . It has great gameplay and graphics are based of the animated series . Any fan of the cartoon would love to own this game . Superman has the same powers as he is known to have , including flying , laser eyes , x-ray vision , incredible speed and super hearing . His super hearing is actually how he locates all his enemies in the game .
 While this Atari title is acceptable , it still has much to be desired . For example , the graphics are terrible . I know that they could have been better . Gameplay is fun , but can get old after a while . The game has many of the villans , including Mettalo , Livewire , and Parasite . For any Superman , fan this game is a must buy .
 This is a RTS that is fun to play and is guaranteed to get your adrenalin pumping once you get into the action . It has 3 different difficulty settings , -LRB- easy , normal and hard -RRB- and it is playable as a single person or as a multiplayer ; this review is of the single player game.The game setting is the European/Eastern Asia theater during World War 2 ; however the game throws in a few `` what if '' scenarios and a few futuristic weapons to make the game a little different that your normal WW2 game.As with any game there are positives and negatives ... let me explainThe Pros :1 . -RRB- Non linear game play ; although you must complete certain objectives to complete a mission , how and in what order you do it is completely up to you . You can also play the game from either the American or German point of view -LRB- with completely different scenarios -RRB- . This gives the game a large degree of replayability2 . -RRB- Your three main `` heroes '' of this game have upgradeable skills , giving them special talents to help you in certain situations . Some of these skill are passive -LRB- in effect all the time -RRB- and some are active -LRB- only begin when you click on an icon and only last a specific period of time -RRB- 3 . -RRB- Some buildings , and airports have upgrades available once specific conditions have be achieved .4 . -RRB- Easy save game at any point . -LRB- recommended to do it often -RRB- 5 . -RRB- Grouping of infantry and vehicles to allow you to facilitate deployment of your troops .6 . -RRB- Production buildings and airports can be set up to continually produce the same group of units that you 've instructed ; this allows you to continue to make tanks , infantry and airplanes while you `` try '' to concentrate on running the war effort . -LRB- not as easy as you 'd think -RRB- 7 . -RRB- Some `` hot keys '' are available to facilitate commands to certain units .8 . -RRB- You have some limited amount of time to set up your forces when the mission starts , then it is intense , nonstop action from there to the end of a mission .9 . -RRB- Use of the `` pause '' button to stop all the action ; however , you can still look anywhere on the map to assess what needs your most urgent attention.The Cons :1 . -RRB- Initially , you can easily feel overwhelmed and become frustrated with this game ; trying to complete mission objectives while being continually attacked on several different fronts at the same time . The action at times is so hectic it borders on chaotic ; it 's just hard to know which major problem to try to fix first .2 . -RRB- The instructional manual , although complete , is very basic and simplistic to say the least , when compared to the scope of activity you are going to have to deal with in the missions .3 . -RRB- The tutorial covers only very basic strategies , or so it would seem , -LRB- see `` suggestions '' below -RRB- in its instruction , and hardly prepares you for what 's to come . Learning how to use the tutorial to its full potential will help immensely .4 . -RRB- I could not get the game to install initially ; after an hour of fiddling , I eventually went to the web site to the FAQ -LRB- frequently asked questions -RRB- section only to discover that the game may not install with an active firewall ; once I 'd disabled my firewall , it installed without any problem . I just ca n't understand why a potential problem such as this would not be mentioned in the instruction booklet.Suggestions :1 . The tutorial is deeper and more useful than it initially appears . On the section on fighting , you should take your time to learn how to use your buildings to produce infantry and vehicles that have the same group number -LRB- for example you might have a combination of 20 infantry and tanks in group No. 1 and a group of 6 fighter planes and bombers in group 2 , etc. -RRB- This will allow you to send an entire group -LRB- instead of individual units -RRB- off to battle with one or two mouse clicks .2 . In the tutorial on turrets and airfields , there is another group of enemies that are not in obvious view on the map ; if you look for them with a plane you 'll find them , then you 'll have a real battle to practice on the tutorial session . Of all the help available on learning how to play this game , this was the most useful .3 . `` loop '' you building units to continually produce infantry , airplanes and tanks . You will not have time to do this once the action starts .4 . -RRB- use the `` pause '' button to get time to think -LRB- when all is chaos around you -RRB- . Although you ca n't make any changes during `` pause '' you can use the time to determine what needs to be done first once you `` unpause '' the game.A great game , with a huge and somewhat difficult learning curve ; however once you 've mastered the basic game controls it 's a real blast . 5 Stars.R . Nicholson
 It seems that nowadays nobody pays much attention to gameplay as long as the graphics are candied up . Well , along comes a game such as WAR FRONT and it reminds everyone how much fun a good game can be!This is an EXCELLENT RTS game set in an alternative WWII . New units and experimental vehicles , intuitive buildings and upgrades , clear and realistic graphics ; all in all , a solid RTS game that can be enjoyed by everyone.Not an easy game , mind you . It has slow learning curve and the high AI does not forgive mistakes - but that is what makes the challenge even better!A true undiscovered and under-appreciated gem!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 I have enjoyed this game for quite a while . My 7 year old son who is obsessed with WWII really likes to watch it . It gives me an excuse to play it even if my wife do n't like me to.Gameplay is good , AI is pretty good . The scenario is an interesting twist , kinda a `` what if Patton got his way '' thing .
 I 've played just about every RTS there is , and this one definitely goes into the `` it 's a winner '' pile . This game is very fun , and if you enjoy RTS at all you do n't want to miss this one .
 The game itself was a good `` what if , '' style of game and had had a good science fiction style . This was why I gave it 4stars overall . It was an extremely hard game to beat , however , and without the aid of adequate trainers and cheat codes , this had to hurt its ' appeal with casual gamers . I think the lack of popularity and appeal to most is probably what stopped the game from being right up there with some of the top name releases such as Medieval II and others . There was no flare of trainers produced for the game and the only cheat codes available could be utilized by the other side as well as yourself so , this was no help . One of the most annoying things I encountered was on the War Front home page . Even though I registered and was recognized as such , I was never allowed to post or write a reply to other letters . I wrote the webmaster several times about this but elicited no response . As far buying , I would not buy the game again but , for those of you who are looking for a good science fiction , what if ? style of game and might not be hampered by the things I mentioned . This would indeed be a good buy for you .
 War Front
 War Front puts you in the role of an American Special operations soldier fighting an alternate world war 2 . Gameplay and mechanics are easy to learn if your are familiar with this genre of RTS and historical period . Game weapons and characters are easy to use and although not historicly accurate or even real they do make the game challenging and fun . If you like this genre and this type of game you will enjoy this game , but if you are looking for accuracy and history this is not for you .
 Reminded me alot of Command and Conquer games circa WW2 with alot of futuristic weapons . Cool graphics an suprised by the good AI the enemy had . Sneaky .
 Having played many different Rally games this is one of the best . Not as good as RallySport , but very close . Great Graphics , nice car models and great game play . This is a must have if you like the sport of Rally , and even if you just like driving games.Good Job !
 This is the worst racing game I have ever played ! graphic is poor ; it is extremely hard to control and it is not realistic ; it is more like the $ .99 PC game I used to play when I was a kid.Avoid ...
 This game is a lot of fun , and really creates a buzz at get togethers and parties . It great for kids or adults .
 It 's Fun , so I like to see a way to update the songs list .
 If your kids like to dance and sing they will love this game . Some of the songs are older and my daughter who is 9 did not recognize them , but she still enjoys it . I would recommend this game .
 This is a very fun game . My child who is age 9 sings with it all the time . It has many different songs to chose from . Most of the songs have been in the 10 ten music charts at one time or another . Very easy to follow .
 This game is addicting . I bought it after going to a friend 's house and playing it there . I never thought I was a karaoke person before , but this is really fun , and easier than regular karaoke because it shows you if you need to sing higher or lower , and you can look at the TV , not at the faces of the people who are watching you . Very addicting and a great party game . The only thing I would change is that I wish there were more costumes and people choices , and more songs would be great , but I 'll have to buy another version for that , which I plan to .
 This game is sooo much fun ... everybody can play ... even if you can not sing -LSB- and trust me it is funnier when you can not sing -RSB- ... we had company over and everyone loved it ... I would recommend it ... I only wish I knew where to get a second microphone ...
 I got this game for the family at Christmas ... and everyone loves playing it . Even though the songs are n't that familiar to my sons -LRB- 11 and 7 -RRB- , they have enjoyed learning them and trying to beat their own scores . It 's very easy to get started and easy to learn . One of our best Gamecube game purchases as far as total family fun .
 I bought this game after reading about it on the web site of an author I respect and admire . My whole family has had a blast singing the songs and watching the characters . The system for showing you the words , rhythm , and pitch is great , and the pitch indicators are spot on . The collection of songs is eclectic and fun , and when we have houseguests , everyone can find something they like in the list .
 When we had a big family get-together last Christmas -LSB- literally EVERYBODY -RSB- , my cousin brought this game along with his PS2 -LSB- meaning he had it on PS2 -RSB- . And everybody , including the people who have never played a video game before , was singing/singing along.The character custimization is AMAZING . You use a premade character and can do so much stuff to him/her/it . What is really fun is changing how fat/skinny the character is ... IT 'S REALLY FUNNY!TIP FOR BEGINNERS
 I bought this for my 11 yr old daughter 's birthday . I had no idea what the game was just that she loves to sing and I can not find enough outlets in the community for her age group . She is constantly playing it and I will play along with her -LRB- even though I am not the one in the family with the American Idol personality ! -RRB- I would buy more versions of this game for game cube if I could find some . Definite must have if you like to sing .
 One of my favourites !!! The game is as good as its song list , which is -LRB- too -RRB- varied and has something for everyone . If you own `` Dance Dance Revolution '' , you can sing and dance at the same time , which is challenging . Alternatively , you sing and your partner do the dancing . It is fun to create and design the characters too.Here is partial listing of the 50-song list -LRB- not provided by Amazon -RRB- : Always - Atlantic StarrAmerican WomanBrick HouseCall MeCrazy - AerosmithCrazy in LoveDo You Really Want to Hurt Me - Culture ClubDriveDust in the WindEndless Love - Lionel Richie and Diana RossEverybody Wants to Rule the Word - Tears for FearsEverywhere - Michelle BranchFame - Irene CaraFly - Hilary Duff - one of my contemporary favourites on the listGreatest Love of All - Whitney HoustonHeadstrongI Do n't Wan na BeI Left My Heart in San Francisco - Tony BennettI Love Rock and Roll - Joan Jett and the BlackheartsI Will Always Love You - Whitney HoustonIf You Could Only SeeMaterial Girl - MadonnaMe and Bobby McGeePieces of Me - Ashlee SimpsonPlay that Funky MusicStart Me Up - Rolling StonesSuperstition - Stevie WonderSweet Caroline - Neil DiamondTake On MeTakin ' Care of BusinessThat 's Amore - Dean MartinTime After Time - Cyndi LauperTurn The Beat Around - Gloria EstefanUnforgettable - Nat King Cole and Natalie ColeUptown Girl - Billy JoelWhat I Like About YouWho Can It Be Now ? - Men at Work
 That 's really all you need to say about this game . Awesome ! Lots of songs and fun costumes for your characters . Only downside is in order to use two mics -- at least according to the game -- is you have to unplug your gamecard to plug in the mic and then plug it back in . -LRB--_--RRB- Hopefully they 'll release one for the Wii in the future -LRB- although this one is Wii compatible -RRB- . If you love to karaoke , then definitely pick it up . A very good time !
 I bought this game for the Wii and decided to write a review as there is n't much out there on what you need to make this game work . I bought the game and then I bought a used Gamecube controller on Amazon for about ten dollars . Then I found out I needed a memory card -- not just any memory card , a Gamecube memory card . I got one used from our local electronic game store for about 15 . -LRB- You can get them less on Amazon , I believe . My card had a lot of memory , which I did n't need so I overpaid to get it in time for Xmas . -RRB- The microphone that comes with the game works great on the Wii . So all in all , it cost about the same , maybe a few bucks more , that American Idol Karaoke and I hear it is much better . All this being said , the program itself is awesome . So much fun . The only drawback is there are only about 50 songs on it and since we can only sing a handful of them well with the particular key challenges , I do n't know how long it will hold our interest . But for now , it is truly a blast . There are three judging levels . I recommend this highly to someone with kids under 12 , especially , since they can sing all day and do n't need to sound great to want to do it ! This was our favorite Wii purchase this holiday season .
 If you have a DDR dance mat for your Wii , here is another fantastic way to use it for a super-fun workout . I picked up this game plus a used Gamecube mic and Gamecube memory card -LRB- you must get the GC mic and card , the Wii ones are n't compatible -RRB- for under $ 20 for the whole shebang . Originally it was for my daughter who loves to sing with Boogie Superstar , but then I discovered the `` song and dance '' mode in which you have to sing while stepping on the mat along with arrows that scroll sideways on the screen . If you think old chestnuts like `` Ai n't Too Proud To Beg '' and `` Start Me Up '' are easy-peasy , think again ! Trying to get all the steps right AND hold all the proper notes will give your lungs , brain and whole rest of your body one heck of a workout . Now I ca n't sing worth a darn , so I have to wait till the house is empty to do this , but at the end I am panting , sweating and grinning . There are a bunch of other modes that look like great fun at parties , but the song-and-dance alone makes this a must for anyone with a DDR pad who loves to belt out the oldies , even in private . Quick , pick this one up before the secret gets out and price goes through the roof !
 This is a great game that is lots of fun with small groups of people . Each player gets to create a character - complete with picking their outfits and the venue and then that character ` performs ' your song on the screen . Although I wish there were more , there are a good number of songs to choose from , many from the 1980 's . You can play in several different modes , against other players or alone . And you can choose the songs or have them be randomly selected for you . The judging is based on if you can hit the notes . There is a icon that helps show you where the notes are if you need some help . Regardless of whether you can sing or not this game is a blast . I just wish there were more versions for Game Cube !
 Just today , I got Karaoke Revolution . My 15 year old brother was n't interested in it much but he watched me , an 11 year old girl , and my 9 year old sister play it . We loved it immediatly . A lot of the songs , though , my mom knew and I did n't ! But we managed . One really cool part of this game is that you get to create your own character . There is a dancing mode where you sing and dance . I find it hard -LRB- the dancing mode -RRB- . That 's the only problem I find with this game . If your doing dance mode , I recomend you do a song you know very well . You mostly pay attention to the dance steps instead of the song . But it rocks ! I love this game and I recomend it for kids ages 8 and up !
 This game is a riot . My ten year old duaghter wanted it , but the whole family joins in . This is a lot more fun than regular Karaoke .
 Transform your Nontendo GameCube into an interactive karaoke machine . 50 songs featuring classic favorites and chart-topping hits . Showcase your superstar talent in the Sing and Dance mode - supports a dance pad controller -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- . Play team games , duets , head-to-head battles , and mini-games . Put your vocal skills to the test in the KR Challenge ! Fully customize your character 's head , body shape , clothes , and accessories . Rated E +10 for Everyone Age 10 and Up
 The karoke revolution games is one of the must fun i have played . Making people and singing and dancing with he game is a blast . I was somewhat disappointed though after playing $ 50 for the game becaus I bought it for exercise.The dancing half of the game was more of an afterthought.And you constantly have to keep stopping and starting . If you are a dieheart ddr fan DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!! All of the modes on this game are focused on singing there is only 1 mode where you dance in the game and no mode where you do nothing but dance.Having the crowd cheer you on in a perfomance is probably one of the best aspects of the game . I repeat IF YOU ARE A DDR NUT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!! you will be sadly disappointed
 I love playing this game at my friends house but she has an xBox and I have a gamecube so when I lookeed for it online I got frusterated it cost so much if I wanteed it for my game cube and I can only get a certain kind
 Our family had enough fun on the first day to make this game a good buy .
 I love this game ! It is really fun but it would be nice if it had a few more cool songs.The page on amazon selling this game is kind of deceptive because it seems like you need to buy the microphone separately , but the game actually comes with one . -LRB- You can use a second microphone to play duet mode if you want to . -RRB-
 This is the grain of Karaoke Revolution . I truely wish they would make the new karaoke games this good . The characters are highly customizable , the song selection is good and there is a large range of challenges . Granted you have to be able to sing a little to enjoy the game , but its super fun for all people .
 If you love singing , and you have a bunch of friends who just want to have fun , this is it ! It 's hilarious , it 's fun , and it 's competitive , and you can be the star of the group ! = P
 We bought Karaoke Revolution for our teenage kids for Christmas . They have had so much fun trying to beat the scores on all the songs . We -LRB- the parents -RRB- have even been playing , it 's a blast . There are songs that appeal to all ages , from pre-teen to grandparents . We have never laughed so hard playing together as a family .
 I am a terrible , no HORRIBLE singer , but this game is so much fun . Easy to catch on but can be quite challenging . My children and I stay up all night long to play this game . I know bad mom , huh ? It 's great family time and we are all addicted . I just wish I would have bought this game much sooner . Now I 'm waiting for the Wii version ! If you do n't already have this game , I WOULD SERIOUSLY RECOMMEND .
 It 's a lot of fun and easy to use . The whole family will love this one!The only thing that could have been improved was to have more songs to unlock . There are only a few : -LRB- A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 It 's fairly difficult if you 're a weak singer like me , but if you have friends with musical skills it 's a great party game . It also supports a dance pad which would be fantastic if you have one.Well worth the money .
 My sister and I received this game for Christmas of 2005 . It was so much fun and my friends and I played this almost every day . I still play it and its over a year old . A lot of the songs are pretty old but they are ones that even I recognize and remember from other references . I would recommend this to anyone .
 This game is a hit . Bring us more . We want more . The characters are great . We spend just as much time dressing them as we do singing . Hours and Hours of great family fun .
 How much fun is this game ?!?! It was totally worth buying a new set of microphones -LRB- since the wii mics do n't work with the game , you have to get the gamecube ones that plug into the memory card slots -RRB- . It has a different song list from the American Idol Karaoke game -LRB- great , since my friends and I have wornthat one out already -RRB- . You also get to dance while singing , which is much harder than the professionals make it look . THis is probably the most fun game I 've ever played at a party .
 This is for real a very funny and entertaining game . I use it on my Wii with no problems , although I recommend to buy the 1 microphone set instead of the 2 microphone set because it is used in one of the 2 the memory slots , which means that you will have to unplug a microphone in order to save.The game has a nice variety of songs , and you can select from different play options . There is also an option to dance and sing that I have n't tested yet.You get to create your character and personalize it with your appearance , outfit , etc. . It also has different stages where you sing.Finally , it has a real karaoke mode that you can use in order to view the lyrics as in a regular karaoke place .
 We bought this for my son who is working on his speech and needed to learn to control his pitch . The game more then delivered . The arrow that shows your pitch as you sing the song was exactly what he needed . It has been a great learning tool along with his singing lessons.We also love this for our weekend get togethers . 5 or 6 of us will pick a song and challenge each other to sing it . The scoring system in party mode makes this easy . The `` Easy '' setting is very forgiving as well so we can vary difficulty with the skill of the player to make it fair . No one has had the courage to try `` Hard '' yet as the skill level jumps quite a bit between `` Easy '' and `` Medium '' . On the chance you have someone who ca n't keep up on easy either there is a Karaoke setting that can be sung along with without scoring . I do n't think it saves your setting unlike the other levels of `` Quickplay '' or `` Party '' modes do . Since you save a file for each person who plays it keeps track of your progress on those levels whether you play alone or with a group.The only flaws I can find in the game is the dancing of the avatars gets repetitive and it does n't save the mic and music settings for each player like it does other settings so you have to reset them when switching players.All in all we love this game and are looking forward to the new ones coming out on the PS3 .
 This game ROCKS ! I highly reccomend this game for everyone . But , before you buy this game you might want to know some things . You can sing 50 songs featuring classic favorites and chart-topping hits which include : American Woman , Brick House , Crazy In Love , Do You Really Want To Hurt Me , Dust In The Wind , Endless Love , Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic , Everybody Wants To Rule The World , Headstrong , Here I Go Again , I Left My Heart In San Francisco , I Love Rock And Roll , Material Girl , Pieces Of Me , Play That Funky Music , Start Me Up , Sweet Caroline , and many more . Also you get to showcase your superstar talent in the sing and dance mode-supports a dance pad controller -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . Play team games , duets , head-to-head battles and mini-games . Put your vocal skills to the test in the KR Challenge . Fully costumize your character 's head , body shape , clothes , and accessories . BUY IT SOON !
 this game is the funnest game i have ever played in my life ! When friends and family come over we have competitions and stuff . It brings everyone together and i highly recommend it . You can even play it by yourself and it will still be so much fun ! You can create your own characters and you can choose where you want to perform at . It is a BLAST !
 I think the game is so awesome . It is so much fun to be able to have to sing perfectly on the note bar . The only thing that is bad about it is that it does n't have very many accessories to go with it . Like for the Playstation volume , there are headsets that you can sing in to it , but for the gamecube it just has these very cheap looking microphones . They work well though , and you do n't even have to hold down the button on them to sing . That was a huge relief for me . My advice , if you have a Playstation , buy that one instead , but if you just have a Gamecube . Buy it !!! It is one of the coolest games ever . It is so much fun to make your character .
 This game had some of the best songs on it , but I wish it came in the Wii format so that I did n't have to plug in and use the old style controller .
 We 're very happy with this purchase . It was exactly was we wanted and was a very good value . Thank you !
 I 've been a fan of karaoke gaming for a few weeks now and i got ta say ... IT ROCKS !!!! i totally recommend this for anyone . if you like karaoke revolution ya also got ta try singstar . its the best and they have three new games for it comin out in october!kayla marie
 This is a great game . I have singstar for PS2 but this one is more fun . There are lots more songs and you can customize your singer which is a lot of fun . I do like that singstar has the actual videos but this is almost better because you can watch your avatar sing . Everyone in the family loves this one .
 I purchased this gba for my 4 year old grandson and he LOVES it . He plays it regularly and really has fun -LRB- especially when he able to win ... of course -RRB- Thanks for making the game available for youngsters
 As always , the different characters and fighting entertains the boys . Great game for road trips and outings . Hours of fun .
 This game kicks major @ $ $ !!! It 's actually harder and difficult than any other past Power Ranger game , even Dino Thunder -LRB- which you had to rank an A depending on how well you play -RRB- !! Needless to say but ... . THIS GAME KICKS @ $ $ !! Buy it !!
 very good attention of the supplier and the quality of the product is excellent .
 Never I recive this merchandise , NO RECIBI NUNCA ESTA MERCANCIA Y ME LA COBRARON EN MI CUENTA
 Purchased this for my son for Christmas . He 's 9 and got his first gameboy this past fall . The Scooby Doo Unmasked is working great for him , it 's a little bit of a challenge-but not to the point of not being fun .
 My grandson has not stopped playing this game since he got it Christmas day ! The Duracell batteries died before he got tired of it . He absolutely loves it !
 I LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE this game , it deserves a million stars . It is great . If you do n't like it your a dummy . I reccomend it to all Scooby-Doo fans .
 This is , without a doubt , the most enjoyable racing came I 've played since the original `` DESTRUCTION DERBY '' for the PSone . I loved playing that game , because as the race progressed the track would become littered with the crushed hulks of the cars , black smoke belching from the engine . It was so much fun . And now this new `` TEST DRIVE '' game has the same insane fun factor and more cars , tracks , unlockables and bone-jarring crashes than any demoltion derby nut could want!One thing I love about this game is that , unlike other racers , coming in first in the events is not what you need to do to advance through the game . You instead are rewarded for hitting your opponents - HARD !!!! - and / or knocking them out of the race -LRB- called Kills in the game -RRB- . The more crashes and kills you rack up , the higher your reputation rating goes . And that is how you unlock cars , tracks , video footage of real derby doings -LRB- those guys are nuts !!! -RRB- , and feats -LRB- such as being able to shoot live chickens out the front of your car that explode on impact - sending chicken feathers all over and any unlucky opponent flying into the air or off a cliff -RRB- . There is a large selection of cars and some fun , special vehicles like school buses -LRB- almost indestructible , my favorite car in the game being the rainbow colored bus -RRB- , a mail truck , ambulance , taxi and a hearse complete with a coffin in the back -LRB- the red one is called `` The Dead Sled '' -RRB- . The tracks are nice and the race events are way cool ! There are so many different types of events , you 'll never get bored . There are figure-8 jump races -LRB- in the center there are jumps and the cars fly into the air often crashing with the cross traffic -RRB- , forward-backward races -LRB- one lap driving forward , the next backward -RRB- , suicide races -LRB- half the pack goes in one direction , the other half in the opposite direction causing many crashes and smashes -RRB- , flagpole races -LRB- twice a lap you must drive around a flagpole before continuing -RRB- , demolition derbys , push-offs -LRB- like the demolition derbies , only you get extra points for each car you knock out or push-out of the circle -RRB- , and on and on.In action mode you can pick your car , how many races you want to do at one track -LRB- 1,3,5,7 -RRB- and which ones -LRB- very nice ! -RRB- and then go out and run your opponents off the road!In career mode you start out with a little junky car and not much cash . You must enter into events , earn reputation points and cash , buy new cars -LRB- fasters and more durable -RRB- and eventually become the top ranked driver . It is loads of fun , believe me . You will have a blast!The graphics are quite nice . Doors fly open , hoods are torn off , cars burst into flames , black smoke billows out of their wrecked engines - all to some fine haevy metal music.I 've been playing this game almost every day since I bought it and do n't see myself growing tired of it anytime soon . In fact , as I buy new games to play , I believe that this will be one game I 'll keep coming back to again and again for a crashing good time!I know there are other really BIG racing games coming out soon -LRB- GT4 , MIDNIGHT CLUB 3 , NFS UNDERGROUND 2 -RRB- , but do n't let that make you ignore this smaller title . I believe any car nut / racing fan will really enjoy this game and have a good time for many hours . In short , buy it , you 'll like it ! I know I did . Can you tell ? - George Bauch .
 I have rented alot of demo derby games and none of them compare to this one . This game has racing , derbys , and other games such as car soccer . The damage is very realistic . I thought the game was easy and I beat it in 17 hours . Or you can beat it in a whole day if played constantly , but the game is so addicting , you will want to beat it again . This game blows other demo derby games away . I think this game is worth the money .
 Alot of times i will have trouble getting into racing games due to 1 or 2 small things that make the game a drag ... but this one i have beaten 3 times and still enjoy playiong it !!!! The Cars are excellent -LRB- i love the hearse -RRB- , Physics and Damage are amazingly realistic ... . very cool unlockable Videos . Tons of diffrent race modes , and a Very good soundtrack !!! The ONLY thing that i think is a little dissappointing is the fact that SOME of the event types are not playable in the Carreer mode -LRB- out of about 25 diffrent styles of events . . only about 3 are NOT in the Career mode -RRB- . I recomend you pick up this game . . if you like racing , and like Demolition derby style play ... You will love this game Beyond words !!!!
 When I bought this game , I had little idea of the doors it was going to open to remind me of the vintage , small town demo derbys I went to during my childhood and teenage years . There 's no NASCAR cars here or formula one racers , no modern driving techniques or special , millenium style scenarios . It 's straight back to the small town , state fair , dirt track style demo derbies and races with 50 's , 60 's , and 70 's Fords , Dodges , and Chevys spray painted with numbers and stripes and ready to hit the tracks for fender bender mayhem!You also DO N'T have to be a racing video game guru to win these races ! There are playing levels from rookie to legend in this game . Even in the legend level , if you can steer and go around the track , handle basic racing strategies , you have a great chance of winning ! Winning and racing are a hoot in this game with the addition of the announcer shouting your name as the winner or teasing you because you came in last!The races are wildly entertaining , from demo derbies to figure 8 races to races I had n't even thought of . The Gauntlet involves racing a hearse around the track five times while other drives try to wreck you . The Suicide Race is exciting while the other half of the cars come at you head on . Detention is absolute mayhem fun , driving a schoolbus trying to destroy the other cars on the track . Some races are n't exactly easy , The Whiparound Race is n't as easy as it sounds , but fun to try -LRB- I can only imagine how true drivers managed to turn around going full speed while racing -RRB- . My favorites are the figure 8 jump race and the down to basics demo derby.Replay action is awesome in this game . You can choose several options to view the race from many angles and it gives great opportunities to see how well you 've done or witness better some of the spectacular crashes that can happen in this game.There 's a large selection of vintage cars to choose from . In career mode , it takes a bit more work to earn money to get them , but when you reach certain levels , it 's fun to take the cars to the garage and `` spray paint '' them with your own names , logos , designs , and numbers . The special effects are also great , from the bursts of flames from the pipes protruding through the hoods to smoking engines to the banging sounds of cars crashing into each other.I have spent countless hours playing this game and it 's still fun . It takes me back to the carnival and fair days when I would sit and wait for the racing/demo derby to begin.Whoever invented this game-a big handshake to you and THANKS for making life such great fun for demo derby enthusiasts !
 Among the various racing games I have played , this is easily one of the more fun games . I enjoy car racing games probably more than other types of games , and I have enjoyed games like Grand Turismo a lot . However , I think Eve of Destruction is probably the best and most gratifying video games I 've played . Grand Turismo is a stellar game , but I did find that it was rather complicated , and it had a steep learning curve , and it took a long time to become even a modest player -- but it is still a fun game -LRB- I would like to point out that I did cut my video game playing teeth on the old school nintendo , so it may take a dinosaur like me more time to master these new fangled video games that the kids these days love so much -RRB- . Eve of Destruction was easy enough to master to make it fun from the start of play.Basically the premise of the game is entirely built around demolition derby events . So , there are all these different types of races -LRB- like the Jump race or the figure 8 race -RRB- and then there are these other events -LRB- like the demolition derby , the gauntlet -RRB- where one does n't race so much as just repeatedly drive one 's own car into others ' cars . Basically , in the various events , the more one hits other cars , the more points one earns ; the more points one earns the more stuff gets unlocked . So , essentially , the more one hits the other cars during the game , the better the game gets . As I said , it 's quite gratifying.There are a good selection of different cars with different capabilities . Compact cars , muscle cars , cars that are designed either for speed or good handling or delivering/taking abuse -LRB- I prefer using the `` Gladiator '' which is somewhat like a late 1960s Dodge Charger -RRB- . In the straight up action mode , one can choose from any number of cars , including ` specialty ' cars like a school bus , police car or ambulance . Career mode is a lot of fun as well . One starts out with a crappy car , but once one enters events and earns money , one can buy upgrades or better cars while climbing the Eve of Destruction rankings.The one criticism I have is that the game has an `` announcer '' which is fine , but he tends to repeat himself . The game also has music which I did not care for , but you can turn it off , so , I ca n't much complain about that . I guess you can also turn the announcer off , so maybe I do n't have much room to complain about that either . Whatever .
 best derby game ever made!great metal crunching crashes and mind blowing hits!you earn money by going to derby compititions.then you can buy pretty cool cars then go to the garage to add performance upgrades and paint to your car.you can paint your car by using the analog sticks.so that means you can have any paint design you want to make!the game is pretty easy though.I beat it like six times!you can even place bets on racing , so if you win for example you would get like $ 1,100.00 . the events are awesome there is the figure 8 race , fig 8 jump race , demo derby , jump race , suicide race , and ect.you can have up to 4 cars.there is cars for racing , and cars for destruction.oh yeah and by the way this game is n't like destruction derby arena or those other games . This one is like your at the fair in a real demo derby.the cars do n't look like nascars , they look like the cars at the demo derby 's at the fair.so overal this is a great game.it was $ 40.00 but now it 's like $ 10.00 or $ 15.00 . so it 's a great buy .
 The game arrived early and worked immediately . My sons and I play this for hours on the weekends . Even their step-mother has joined the fun . Crashin and doing flips off od ramps , nothing beats that for family game night lol
 I cant put this game away . Awesome single player campaign or pick a friend and knock each other around in demolition derby
 I 've played A LOT of racing games . This is by far and away the best racing game i 've owned . to be perfectly honest the only reason i have n't traded my ps2 in yet , is because of this game . always fun , always entertaining , and you do n't do the same thing over and over -LRB- ie nascar -RRB- plus its great when you feel the need to destroy something . i love it and recomend it to every one .
 This game is very fun , I do n't think i 'll ever be bored of it , and if I do , I wo n't for long . This game is very fun . Best Demo Derby game I 've ever played , very realistic , no unrealistic powerups or explosions , all pure demolition with all the destruction of a real Derby . But there 's also Demoltion Derby races , as well as fun features like playing soccar with a giant soccer ball , having to get it in the goal by running your car into it past the other team . Or Detention where you get to drive a school bus racing one way against a bunch of cars coming toward you . You can be in many different cars like regular demo cars , hearse 's , school bus 's , ambulance 's , and more!I recommend this game for everyone !
 It 's a very good game . I think it is the best one in the series . What makes this game great is the detail , and the gameplay itself . The only 2 flaw 's I saw was the loading time and the handling of each car . But still , it is a great racing game . The BEST IN THE SERIES !
 I bought this game for my youngest son . Both he and his older brother enjoy playing it . The price was very fair , and shipping was quick .
 Test Drive Eve of destruction combines classic dirt track racing with demolition derby with very fun results . The career mode starts you off in small slow cars with basic race types , but as you start winning `` Eve 's '' new cars become available and the Eve 's have new events keeping the career mode fresh . There are also cars , tracks and cheats to unlock in action mode by doing certain challenges in the game that make for interesting racing . Multiplayer is up to 4 people split screen in the action mode but no online play . The soundtrack includes rock songs from Sum 41 and Hoobastank . If your a fan of dirt track racing and/or wrecking stuff I recommend getting this game . It is also available for the original Xbox .
 I love being able to hop into cars and smash them up with my family . That 's the bottom line for this game . I have n't got into the single player `` campaign , '' so to speak.There are a few things I 'd like to see improved ... better graphics , the ability to select paint schemes , create your own name rather than choose an existing one . There are also a few competitions which are not as fun , so they rarely ever get played.The chain race is one ... Each race car has another empty car that it tows behind it with chains . But the empty cars swerve so much that it is ridiculous . In the trailer race , the trailers also swerve , but not nearly so bad . The ridiculous thing about that one is that the objective states to try to destroy the other trailers before the end of the race . But it is a race , and trying to do anything but race will cause you to fall behind and lose the race ! LOLAnyway , these are small complaints . The type of stuff I 'd like to see for this game are probably very doable for a PS3 , but a bit too much for PS2 . It is a good game , and it is fun , and easy to play .
 WOW ! To think that most of these varieties of demolition derby are real life events is wild . Let 's see
 eareit is awesome !!!!!!!! there are 22 exciting events . you can pick your own car and track.my little brother plays it a lot , and so have I.I love this game and so will you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The 2nd best smash em ' up car game on the market and this game only has 4 reviews ? Must be a sleeper hit . . ? This game is 2nd to Burnout 3 , which has been dominating the whole car-crashing-arcade driving franchise . This game is simply awesome -LRB- especially 2 player Red Rover , that kills me . -RRB- I would HIGHLY reccomend this game !
 This is the best racing game ! I love all the different games that you can play . my favorite is the chain race , which is when you pull some idiot and his car behind you with , duh , a chain ! They also have trailer raices , which you pull a trailer behind you . There are also school bus races , soccer games , whip around races , and last man standing races . And of course , there is old fashon demolition derby ! One of the cars you can pick is a Herse . There 's even a coffin in the back ! Ha ha ha !
 it has demolition derby figure 8 trailer races oh lord when i buy this game im afraid to ask what other crazy events await me in this chaos and mayhem game
 most fun I 've ever had on a racing game I especially like the demolition derbys
 OK , so I 'm not good at traditional video games . Actually , it would be fair to say that unless it involves pressing the same button over and over again , I 'm really bad.This , however is a lot of fun , and does n't require skill pushing buttons , `` just '' singing.Lots of great songs , and levels from `` easy '' to `` hard '' make this a fun party game , as well as a challenge to someone who enjoys singing .
 I bought this for my kids -LRB- ages 9 and 11 -RRB- for Christmas . They love it . We all love that you can choose your own character . And the better you get the more songs you have available to choose from . I also purchased the Xbox Live Communicator headset by Microsoft to use with this game . It works great when you want to dance with the DDR mat and sing at the same time . It 's a fun challenge . This gift will definitely be used a lot .
 Join the Karaoke Revolution ! This game is by far the funnest most addicting game I have ever owned for XBOX . Most games I will play for a while and then trade it in for a different one but not this one . I bought the original Karaoke Revolution and this edition is even better with some new features such as : Duets - Sing with a partner and laugh your way to a platinum record . This feature is a lot of fun , especially in group settings.Customize characters - Customize your own character to look like you or to look completely ridiculous . A fun feature.Dance - Follow the choreography for the ultimate experience . I 'm still getting used to this but once you get the hang of it , it 's a riot!This game is fun for literally everyone . The kids will battle it out and fight over the mic . Adults get together and belt out their favorite songs with everyone else singing -LRB- or laughing -RRB- along . All of our friends who said they 'd never try it eventually did and all of them were hooked . A great party game . We even went to go Karaoke for real last Friday and because of this game , most all of us mustered up the courage to actually get up there and sing ! Tons of fun with over 50 songs to choose from .
 if you like karaoke revolution , you 'll LOVE the sequel . the song choice is awesome , and the ablility to fully customize your character to make it look like yourself really adds to the fun . i have n't tried the dance portion , but am looking forward to it . shipping was lightning fast . grab this great deal !
 My friends have this game for the Playstation 2 . This version has all the same songs as the Playstation version , but with the addition of the full live pack , you also get all the songs from Karaoke Revolution volumes 1 , 2 , and 3 -- which can no longer be purchased and can go for inflated prices on Ebay . It 's absolutely worth it ! I have over 150 songs in one game now , and believe me , there 's something for everyone -- several somethings , in fact . I 've had the game for a few weeks and we are still discovering new songs . Karaoke Revolution Party is a great base game , the duet mode is a lot of fun and should not be missed . Unfortunately , you ca n't buy separate handheld microphones for the Xbox -- if you want two mics , you have to buy two versions of the game , which I did . Luckily here on amazon the game bundled with the mic does not cost much more than just a separate mic for the playstation.The game has been a huge hit with everyone , in fact I am seeing a lot of some friends who played it at a party recently -- they are hooked . Buying all these games separately for the playstation would cost a lot more and you 'd have to switch out the discs -- not fun . If you are going for the ultimate song list , then you should absolutely get this game and the live pack .
 This is a great karaoke game !!! Everyone in my family loves this game , even us old folks . There are songs here that anyone can sing , and there 's nothing offensive in any of the songs . This is a good time for any family event or just to hang out with your friends .
 I did n't think I would take to this game very well . I 'm a guy and do n't sing or dance . I bought this for my 5 year old son and we played as a family and every one loves it . We all have a great time together singing into the mic on our big screen and surround sound . Just a well-rounded good time game.Excellent graphics and sound , and song list caters to all ages and cultures .
 My husband and daughter love these game . The song selection is great . A lot of fun !
 I love it . Would have given it 5 stars if they would have let me use all of my other songs I have on the other game or the song packs that I have already paid for .
 This was a great game ! I especially reccomend this to people who ever wanted to be a contestant on american Idol ! This game is worth buying . These are a couple features = Trophy room = When you make certain achivements such as 10 gold records or 1st diamond record sometimes you can get a trophyduets = you even get to sing with a friend!Medly = you can pick 3 songs to sing instead of oneThis is a fun game
 I PUCHASED THIS GAME FOR MY SON 'S 11TH BIRTHDAY . I WAS N'T CERTAIN IF HE WOULD FEEL TOO MACHO TO ACTUALLY SING . TO MY SURPRISE , HE AND HIS FRIENDS HAVE HAD A BLAST ! THE SONG CHOICE IS APPROPRIATE FOR HIM AND US AS HIS PARENTS TO JOIN IN . WE LOVE IT AND I WILL MOST LIKELY PURCHASE MORE KARAOKE GAMES .
 Great karaoke game . I really like the settings and the ability to create your own character , too .
 In this third and final installment of Tak for the Gameboy Advance , this is the best game yet in the series . Tak and Lok are representing their tribe in the Great Juju Challenge , and it 's up to you to take them towards victory . Together you 'll face deadly animals , fierce rival tribes , and more using all your skills to win against the toughest competitors and receive the grandest reward ever given by the Great Jujus.Although , I love the game ... I will admit , I would 've loved for them to take a more Gameboy Advance Spyro/Banjo-Kazooie type game design with Tak . Instead of the more side-scrolling design of the Mario/Rayman design of old . Not that the latter design is bad , it 's just the former design would make it feel more like a Tak game , since his game is in 3-D on the consoles . I guess , all in all , I 've gotten used to playing games of my favorite franchises in that style and I prefer them better . Since playing all the Spyro games and Banjo-Kazooie , I 've been searching for more of that type.At any rate , Tak 3
 my nephew just got his first gameboy advance and this is the perfect way to get him into platform games
 Woa boy ... Where do I begin ? Okay how about `` The name says it all ? '' Other than that , playing this game ensures you of two things . # 1 You really are the pervert your friends say you are , and no that 's not exactly a bad thing . # 2 Super models are a dime a dozen . A super model covered in slime wearing a bikini is atleast a weekends worth of entertainment .
 From the time you bust this game out of the box and until the time you complete it , will be the most fun you will have in your entire life ! Not only are the graphics smooth as pie . But the story and plot development is perfect . And what other type of game can be better ? Common photographing super models in lingerie for cracked out aliens is just great . And do I even have to mention the lunch lady , talk about a babe.Do yourself a favour and buy this game . THE BEST BANG FOR A BUCK .
 This game is what you 'd expect from Nickelodeon , and then some . The hype has nothing over this game - you have to see it to believe it!The gameplay is a bit short , but the replay value is wonderful . You can unlock hidden boss fights and mini-games . The pixeled characters are well done , and the `` leveling up '' is something I did n't expect to see in a Nick game -LRB- its more of an RPG thing -RRB- , but it adds a lot . The only thing is that you can only level up 10 times , and that 's it . So you ca n't get super powerful like in an RPG and take everything out with one hit . I have to admit , I was hoping for that ... But still , it 's a really great game that does a good job following the movie `` Ultimate Enemy '' and will be a big hit for any Danny Phantom fans .
 It 's really fun and I think the story 's really good . but it 's a little too short . I wish it was longer .
 I like the game . . it was a bit tough at first . . and thru a few of the levels . . but i would recommend it ... a bit older kids though ... 8 and above ... Great Price here ...
 Thia Danny Phantom game is great . I could n't stop playing it the day I got it . Ot 's so much fun and I loved the Ultimate Enemy movie , so this game ROCKS !!! Bratz , Danny Phantom , and My Scene ROCK !!!
 I 'm a big fan of Danny Phantom and had been waiting for this game to come out for a while . The game is a little repetitive but the mini games are cool and the graphics are pretty good . Excellent overall !
 Danny Phantom is the BOMB ! I always play this game is always with me ! at school-At home and EVERYWHERE ! I 'm like him ! Super Speed I 'm like DASH I am the DASH !
 this Danny Phantom game is really fun . its kind of short but it follows up with mission mode where you do the same levels but differently also you fight with enemies like ember and the box ghost there should also be mini games but i think you need passwords for those mabey the toys at burger king so if you like Danny Phantom you should buy this game
 Overall the game is nicely done . I would have given it 5 stars however there are a few things that do bother me about the game.The load times are very long.The mission briefing and follow up briefing after a mission are very hard to read . The print is so small . For us older gamers it makes it harder to read . I like to enjoy all aspects of a game and that includes how well I done and the mission briefing . Next time increase the letters just a bit .
 There are only a few games of this genre for the psp . While the Snoopy flying game is more fun to play , I do like flying all of the WWII planes . Even the experimental ones are represented . All in all , the game is worth a few hours of my time .
 As stated earlier the load times are obsenely long , and in my opinion the text is unusally small even for a PSP . But to have a portable WWII flying game its almost worth it ! The graphics are as good as you 'll get for a PSP . I would have liked for a little more freedom of motion when it came to flight -LRB- i.e. barrel rolls , loops , etc -RRB- but all in all the controls were easily learned . I would reccomend picking up second hand but if a WWII flight simulator that is an arcade style of non stop repetive play is what your looking for then go for it !
 My son received this as Christmas present and he was very happy to get it - this one was high on his list .
 Despite all the bashings this game has taken i actually thought it was a pretty good game with some pretty good graphics on the psp .
 I recently purchased Air Conflicts and IL-2 Sturmovik , both for the PSP platform . Honestly , the strengths of both of these games should be combined to make one really good WWII combat simulator game . The flight physics of IL-2 is much better than A.C. However , A.C. 's level of realism in telling the story is much better . You can choose which side you want to fly for , you are promoted as you progress successfully through campaigns , you can earn medals -LRB- that are actual medals that the Air Force branches of these countries awarded their pilots and not some game-achievement medals that software designers made up -RRB- , and the overall challenge of the game is much more . IL-2 has a somewhat easy targeting system when shooting down planes and ground targets . I felt like this game was almost too easy . Air Conflicts is harder . The main frustration with this game though , is the unrealistic physics of flight . I wish I could fly a loop like in IL-2 . Neither game allows barrel rolls , which is unfortunate . The audio effects of Air Conflicts is better , as well as the explosion effects of the planes . When you blow up a plane in IL-2 , it just kind of turns into a fireball and then disappears . In Air Conflicts , you can see the change from a damaged smoking plane to a plane about to blow up and then an exploded plane falling to the ground . The instrument panel of Air Conflicts is more realistic but you do n't have an altimeter , which is kind of annoying . In IL-2 , you have an altimeter but lack a compass to know your heading . Seriously , if both of the teams responsible for making these two games could have just worked together , they could have created one really good WWII combat flight simulator for the PSP .
 This game is one of the best WWII flying games I have ever played ! I would recomend it to anyone !
 Gamespot 's 02/17/09 Air Conflicts Hands-On article states , `` Graphically , Air Conflicts holds up decently . The plane models are consistently nice , and some of the explosions in the game , particularly those of damaged planes crashing to the ground , are well done . `` PSXExtreme 's 02/17/09 Air Conflicts
 Need for Speed High Stakes is a great game . It includes Hot Persuit , which lets you be the cop , or get chased by one , with cars like Diablos , Corvettes , and other really fast Hot Rods . You can also race with stunning tracks and win money to buy cars in Career mode . You can also look at the inside of the cockpit of any car you buy with amazing detail . I suggest that you buy it .
 This game is the best !!! With Hot pursuit and career mode you ca n't beat it . The cars and the graphics are great ! I completed the whole game but I still like playing it , IT 'S THAT GOOD !!!! If you read this and you have never played the game before and are thinking of bying a copy of it DO IT !! you wo n't regret it . Just make sure that your memory is 3 times the amount you need for better game play . Even the playstation version is great as long as you play the game on the first game console . Playing the game on the PS2 the steering is slightly delayed . Warning !! This game is adictive . But it 's so much fun . The cop chases are cool . And on top of that the car damage is great , and watching the cars reform in the garage is cool . Like driving really fast and then slam it into reverse and hear the transmission grind , THIS GAME ROCKS !!!! You just have to buy it and play it to know how much fun this game can be .
 I just love this game . With so many levels , I can play it all day . The colors are great !!! But the gameplay requires at least a 206 mhz processor for smooth graphics . Worth every penny !! Be sure to turn the sound down when you start the game in public places , it 's loud !!!!
 HEY I BOUGHT THIS AGME WHEN I WAS LIKE 9 AND EVER SENCE THEN ITS BEEN ACLAASIC A SWEET GAME FOR PS1 COPS CHASSING YOU DOWN THE STREETS PUTTING ROAD BLOCKS LIKE NAILS IN THE ROAD TO GIVE YOU A FLAT TIRE THIS GAME IS A CLASSIC BEATS UNDERGROUND HEY IS APS2 CANT BEAT APS1 GAME THEY NEED TO SHAPE UP !!! WELL IF YOU HAVE A PS1 AND STILL AHVE USE WITH IT GET THIS GAME ITS A INSTANT NFS CLAASIC THIS IS THE EBST ONE EVER MAD ETRUST ME HEY THIS IS MY FIRST PS1 REVIEW GAME IM GLAND IT IS THIS ONE !! PEACE WORD LIFE VOTE FOR ME CHARLIE V1 DONT VOTE FOR THOMAS !
 This game is really cool.For peopl who are wondering if there are BOSS FIGHTS ... YES there is!There are 5 bosses : HORND RAKSHI HEADEDSEPENT , ENERGISED PROTODERMIS ENTITY , LIVING WALL -LRB- X3 -RRB- .
 This game works flawlessly on my Ipaq 3835 . It has great graphics and easy to learn . The hardest part is learning to putt when within 2-4 feet of hole . Other than that I do n't have any complaints .
 In order to play this game you have to unlock it after you buy it . Unfortunately it is impossible . EA SPORTS shut down the unlock key system in 2002 , leaving no way to unlock the game . EA has been aware of this for years , so it 's safe to say the issue will not be corrected.So if you but it you will not be able to play it .
 I absolutely love this keyboard . We 've had it for over two years , when our frst child was almost two years old . It 's a great way to introduce computers to children . There are pictures on the keys which represents objects that begins with that letter -LRB- example
 My 31/2 loves this keyboard . It has helped him spell his name and teach him his letters . I would recomend this to anyone .
 It functions the same as a stock keyboard . However , its durability and more importantly its lifetime warranty makes it economically efficent especially , if there are other children who will be using it later on .
 It works like a traditional keyboard . Although it has graphics .
 `` Rally Trophy '' is a retro take on the rallying sport . `` Rally Trophy '' takes you back to the 1960 's when the Mini-Cooper and Lancia Stratos ruled the sport , cars that are featured in this game.The heart of the game is the single-person point-to-point rallying . If you are not a hard-core rally fan , you may find this lack of on-screen challengers boring , but this is what true rallying is about . If you prefer the bumper-bashing NASCAR style racing , there is also a mode that lets you compete against other cars in a closed circuit race course , but this is only an added feature , not the heart of the game.The developers of this game seem to have learned from mistakes made in the past by other developers . Some other past racing simulations pushed the realism so far that most people became too frustrated and quit . `` Rally Trophy '' , although simulation oriented , does not scare you with ultimate realism . The controls are forgiving enough that in approximately 30 minutes , you will be driving reasonably . And as you unlock more cars , you will find that 30 minutes is enough to become accustomed to the new more powerful cars . This is not to say that you will be able to win - this will require much more time . But after 30 minutes with each new unlocked car , you will not find yourself spinning out constantly.The graphics are beautiful and the engine sounds are particularly believable . Only if you go seriously off course will you notice some of the tricks used to paint the scenery . You will need a very fast system to turn up all the eye candy . Very few people on message boards have been able to turn all the graphics options to the maximum settings . That said , even minimal settings yield very beautiful graphics.Nits and picks . There are only four countries that you will race through
 Rally Trophy provides a casual gamer like myself with enough options that I am able to get a lot out of the game even though I may not be the most perfect driver.There are tracks to unlock , but unlike other games , one only has to finish races in 6th place in order to unlock those tracks . After only a couple of days , I had all those tracks and cars unlocked and was able to enjoy the game in full .1 month later , and I am still enjoying it , because there is such a diverse selection of items to play with . The 5 different countries in the game are each unique enough that they provide 5 very distinct racing environments . And there is such an incredible variety of cars available that there is certainly something to match your mood . I particularly like front wheel drive and I am pleased to say that there are 3 expertly modeled FWD cars to choose from.For people who want more of a challenge , then there are also some very difficult rear wheel drive cars to master such as the Lancia Stratos and the Renault Alpine.I initially thought it would be boring to only race against the clock , but due to the incredible variety of cars and tracks available , I have found it much more interesting than I imagined and the challenge of continually trying to improve my times makes for never ending fun .
 Just about everything in this PC game is astonishing ; from the cows and other miscellaneous entities crossing the hard-rock dirt road to the beautiful scenery of crystal clear lakes surrounded by paved roads with the trees set for autumn . There are many other things to make you worship it even more.First off , let me this point taken care of
 A classic driving Rally Based game that IMO inspired the Richard Burns Rally title which even today is considered by many the best Rally game ever . Rally Trophy will work on Windows 7 but is limited to having to use an older Racing Wheel Controller or Keyboard . There are many driving views to choose from and the graphics are as good as directX8 had to offer . So if you are into classic titles of this nature it is a must if you can find a copy !!!
 This is the best driving simulation.Of course , the company went on to make FlatOut and FlatOut2 which are STELLAR games . The driving action is some of the best driving action EVER ! BAR NONE ! The driving simulation is so real that I put a steering wheel behind it and at times I am so wrapped up in driving that when I am about to crash I rip the wheel right off the desk!It is intense . The game is old now and BugBear is on to develop more racing stuff , but I must say that the driving simulation is still on par ! Other new games do not come close to this racing engine so I HIGHLY recommend anything that BugBear games comes out with . YES !
 Gran Turismo may be the final word on driving games , but there are a few that are fun enough to evade GT 's shadow and stand in the light . Rally trophy does n't take itself TOO seriously . The graphics are cheery and bright , and the car models are very accurate . The physics and controls combine to give the player a sense of acheivement , and a great simulation experience.Bugbear tipped their hat in salute of a time when rally cars were your father 's volvo turned race car . Factory rally cars of that time are lusted after now , and it 's fun to get a chance to drive them in such a great game . The sound effects and details are lovingly crafted with the attention to such things that only real car people would appreciate . It is appropriate that the Lancia Stratos should be in this game , as it is usually featured in rally games as the grandfather of rally cars . In this game , it 's the car to be feared for sure , as it is in competent hands driven in games set in modern times as well.Car setup before each race is crucial , and teaches you a thing or two about traction even if you have n't kept up with this stuff past the invention of the wheel . Your tires and the condition of your car are very important , just like in real life . The car damage is realistic and hilarious at times . This game shows the rediculous advantage front wheel drive automobiles have over rear wheel drive cars in the snow . It 's still fun to chase that Saab 96 ghost in your Alfa Romeo GTV over the snowy hills , though.I hope for a sequal , and Bugbear ? If you 're listening ? I 'd like to see the BMW 2002 make an appearance .
 Game spy arcade is only 4.99 a month and this game is a blast with others to race against . Another site is rt.relaygames.com . The drivers are tough to keep up with so practice and patches , etc are key . Its tough to get all of it set up but well worth it , I did it and I ` m a beginner to online racing and high end games . Rally Trophy requires a higher end pc and cleaning after installation -LRB- Norton , etc -RRB- . I am purchasing two more cds of this for my friends . Skip the lesser rally games and go to the top with this one !
 I 've been acquainted with computers for only about a year and a half and about a year ago I discovered sports and simulations . Of the several I 've purchased - this game rates # 1 on my sims list . I have DRIVER , NEED FOR SPEED 3 plus a couple of others , and this one is my favorite because it gives me so many choices , cars , tracks , levels of skill and the scenery is gorgeous too . I find that using my Wingman Attack 2 does the job well , and although I 'm a novice and am unsure of myself , I still have lots of fun even when I smash my car up ! By the way - DRIVER is a close second on my list .
 Great game . Very realistic , excelent graphics , true to life physics . Highly recomended !!!
 The game is great fun and well done with a few draw backs . You can get caught with your pants down if you forget to bring the proper equiptment on the mission . You have to start all the way back . I would have given the game 5 stars if it did not have this problem . It is not fast paced but very stealth oriented . Hopefully the new game will solve the having to restart problem .
 I am into these type of shooter games like Rogue spear , half life , unreal tournament , and delta force . So , I decided to get this game.I have a 450 MHz with 128 MB of RAM and a VooDOo 2 card and the game runs fine . Before I had only 32 MB of RAM and it was so choppy ! I really recommend you have 64 + MB of RAM cause it makes a BIG difference!The shooting is different from like ROgue spear or Half life . I found the aiming/shooting to be slow . It 's not that easy to aim for a bad guys face . and it 's hard to run and shoot and aim . That was one thing that was different and took awhile to get used to . But once you get the feel for it , then it 's good and it 'll be fun . Sniping is really fun also.This game takes place back in WW2 and they give you missions to rescue people and blow up things . The objectives are good . The graphics are pretty good and the sound is okay . I did find some glitches like floating in air and dying when you drop from a ladder on top of your fellow men . One cool thing is you can get inside cars and tanks and operate them . But once in awhile I 'll get inside the car and drive and I 'll hit a wall and the car will get stuck inside the building . So there 's some techincal glitches to it , but I heard the patch fixes these so that 's a plus.One bad thing I found was that you get to select certain inventory items you want to take . Like grenades , ammo , guns , land mines , tank mines , dynamite , etc. ... Well , the problem is that if you decide to take what you want and you do n't take dynamite , for example , then you 're screwed . Cause I was playing the first stage -LRB- which consists of 4 different maps -RRB- and when I got to the 2nd map , I was supposed to blow things up . however , I never knew I was going to blow things up so I did n't bring dynamites and they would n't let me reconfigure . So , I had to go all the way back to the beginning and bring dynamites and pass the 1st map again . So that was a downset . So then I started to get paranoid and bring 2 of everything ... . just in case ! Another bad thing was that some missions take place in the dark and it 's really hard to see the bad guys , yet they can hit you good . But that 's not that big of a deal . And then there are some almost impossible maps where there 's like 50 guys shooting at you head on while you 're trying to run into a base . But yet , somehow I managed to do it ! : -RRB- Overall this game is n't bad and it 's worth -LSB- the new price -RSB- . ... Give it a try - I think you 'll like it .
 I had this game years ago and gotdamaged in our move . I found this game again and ordered it and let me tell you it is fun to play again . Graphics are great and easy to install . It comes with a instruction manual and the advise I can give is to read it first . Also the big hit is in the instruction manual is a code sheet not for cheating but for what keys to use for your speciac operation your trying to do in the game . Very adctive and once you start playing you cant put it down . There are 3 levels of difficulty to choose from . Great game
 This is a hard to find item much like some of the Lego toys that are out on the market shelves . I have played this game once before and never got to finish it before getting married . Now , I do not have enough time to play because I am busy watching traffic while wiggling an 18-wheeler down the tight narrow street of some of the big cities . The more people know about being able to find hard-to-find items , is always a pleasure to do business . Thanks Amazon
 The first thing that struck me about this game is the incredible graphics and sound put you right there , first person . You can hear what is going on in the many different enviroments you are placed in . You can hear the different kind of sound a footstep makes if you are in snow or on pavement or walking on a tiled floor in a German occupied home . The detail is incredible . You do need a fairly fast computer to keep up with this sometimes fast paced game . And there are some problems with the game freezing up on you or falling through the floor and dying . You can install a patch to fix this or make sure that you buy version 1.2 and it is already fixed . Stealth is the key to winning in this game so you need to take your time and think things through . This game gives you the flexability to use your own imagination and ingenuity to get out of situations on the battlefield . You can use tanks , halftracks , motorcycles , cars , etc. . As well as dozens of types of German and American weapons . You can also dial up via modem and connect to other gamers and play together while communicating with them by pressing f4 on your keyboard and typing them a message . You have options of multple players by using a network connection or can play with one other by direct dial up . You may need to buy the handbook to this game if it is not included in the 1.2 version . It will come in handy if you need directions on how to use the multyplayer options . Many other military games do not give you the options of Playing in first or 3rd person , or the free will to explore your environment and take items that will be usefull to you on the battlefield so take your time and look for things in buildings , closets , etc. . It takes time to get through some levels but you can save your game and start off where you left off .
 This game is incredible . The great historical plot is great , the missions are thrilling and challeniging and the graphics are the best I 've seen lately . Like wine , even though it is relatevily old , it is the best game I 've played lately , and one of the best I 've ever played .
 BEST GAME EVER ! I do really think so . I love this game so much I even went through all the trouble of learning HTML , Photoshop , and Dreamweaver to make a site on it ...
 Hidden and Dangerous was one of my first games to ever play for the pc . To me it is my all time favorite game . I first beat it without any codes and believe me it was not easy , infact it took me over three weeks to beat it . But after I put the codes in and had fun with it . I recommend for the rookie and even medium skilled player to slap on the codes while playing the game , its still a challenge . Do n't let this game go by , get it now . Also check out it add on , ` Devils Bridge ' . For all your codes go to Cheatcc.com . Again this is a fabulous game , do n't let it slip away !
 You need some serious hardware to play , but if you have it your in for a great game and at the current Amazon price it is one of the best buys out there . I first tried to play this game on an older computer with only 4 meg of video and 64 meg of ram , it locked it up every time within a few seconds of game play . I am running it on my new computer with 16 meg of video and 128 meg of ram and it runs great . So if you do not have the suggested hardware do n't even attempt to run it.If you do have the hardware you are in for one of the best games yet released on WW II first person or third person combat . I have played the game completely through in the `` easy '' mode and it is still quite difficult and took many restarts to get through.You are in command of a four man `` SAS '' team in Italy , Germany , France and Yugoslavia . In all kinds of conditions ranging from rain to snow to city streets you fight your way through the German forces to accomplish many realistic missions . You have the ability to steal and drive everything from Boats , Cars , Trucks , Motorcycles , Half-tracks and Tanks . While in these vehicles you can use your weapons or the installed weapons . You steal and use the enemies personal weapons after you kill them . Personal weapons range from the Sub-machine guns of the time , to sniper rifles , grenades and pistols to Bazookas and Panzerfaust 's . The terrain is great with realistic sound effects and things like dog 's barking at you while on guard duty , to cars and street cars driving by . This is why the large video memory is a must have.I am now starting the `` Devils Bridge '' game and am waiting on the second version of Hidden and Dangerous.Again a very best buy .
 ITs a good game ! If you 've ever played the game Medal of Honor and u liked that then i KNOW youll love this . its weapons are to scale and have the same accuracy as the real counterparts . its fun entertaining and not all the typical missions from other video games . I think u should get it !
 This is a very smart ` soldier sim ' - less anal than ` Rainbow Six ' but much stricter than ` Delta Force ' . You guide a set of WW2 SAS commandos through a set of superbly-designed , ` Where Eagles Dare ' - style missions , whilst being shot at by extremely accurate Nazi guards . After a short while getting used to the game controls -LRB- your soldiers move around realistically - unlike other games , they do n't glide effortlessly over the ground -RRB- you can order your men around , fight effectively , plant bombs and do all kinds of commando things . The tension is palpable , the presentation is excellent -LRB- especially the music , performed by a proper orchestra -RRB- , and the chance to act out childhood fantasies with a captured MP40 is irresistable.That said , it could have been a lot better . The initial release was bugged to blue blazes , and despite a patch , it still feels shaky . The AI makes lots of odd mistakes , your soldiers are unusually flimsy -LRB- particularly on uneven ground , where they tend to trip and fall and die -RRB- , and the enemy soldiers are unfeasibly hyper-accurate from a map-length away . Furthermore , a couple of the ` end-of-episode ' missions are ferociously , unfairly tough , and you 'll probably cheat out of frustration.Still , when it works , it 's one of the best games around - combining lots of tense sneaking with moments of violent action and excellent , varied mission designs .
 I love this game . You get many historic weapons and you get to kill Nazis . What more could you ask for ? Very fun campaigns and the graphics are beautiful . Sniping and close quarters combat are both really good . One of my favorite missions was waiting at the extraction point for the Lancaster that 's coming to pick you up , and holding out against hordes of Germans . My squad and I are machine gunning them and sniping them as they try to kill us . Now let me complain . I wish we could use the machine gun more often . The Germans are almost never out in the open in mass numbers waiting to be sent to the meat grinder . Also on my computer , the game freezes for a second or two at vital points , allowing the German to blow me away before I can react . It 's very annoying . You 'll need a lot of patience too , because you will be loading and reloading saved games like there 's no tomorrow on some missions . And those saved games sometimes take a while to load up , and you may just end up getting blown away again in the first few seconds of your load , especially at the laggy parts of the game , where the graphics are real intense . Despite these flaws , Hidden and Dangerous is a fun WWII commandos game with many good points .
 This is certainly one of the most impressive WWII games for thecomputer that I have played ever . The combination of strategy , teampositioning , . The realism of the game , including gore and the German language , were simply amazing , but used with a classy style . In other words , the game is not Duke Nukem style , go-in-and-shoot - 'em . I recommend this game to anyone who would love to get back at those creeps of the war , or somebody who simply wants to occupy their afternoon with action and spine-chilling visual effects . END
 This game really draws you in and makes you feel `` there '' . With the 1.3 patch , most of the bugs are gone , and it only hangs occasionally now . Save often , just to be sure.The best part is you have to think out your moves , and not just run in `` Quake-style '' with guns blazing -LRB- especially against the large machine gun nests -RRB- . Team tactics make this fun.It 's been a great trainer for me in WW2 infantry tactics while I wait for wwiionline to go beta .
 When I was a kid my friends and I played a board game called `` Squad Leader . '' The game focused on individual squads and tactics in WW2 . We always wondered what it would be like to be in the game , fighting from house to house . Hidden and Dangerous has done that and then some ! This game is dangerous from many different perspectives . If you have a significant other in your life DO NOT BUY THIS GAME because you are headed for a break up , or divorce court for sure ! I hope you drink coffee to stay awake at work because if you do n't you WILL ! As one of my fellow reviewers has put it , time will fly and before you know it the rooster will be singing his song . If you love the World War 2 era and you have a gaming problem this one is a God send ! The bugs that people mention are the only drawback , but it has only happened once to me . I believe that the patch should solve it all . Rainbow Six is an excellent game but H&D is much more interactive . In H&D you can control each member of your team , and they each have specific roles . The best is the ability to strip the germans you blast of their weapons , ammo , and uniforms . Be careful with grenades and explosives because you will blow your self apart if your not.Bottom line this one is VERY worth your $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ! You will thank me for the bags under your eyes !
 My friend and I have been longing for a game like this for years . And finally in the Summer of ' 99 , Illusion Softworks , a Czech-based software company , has created such a game . One of my favorite missions is an assault on a bunker base defended by a network of trenches and MG34 machine guns . Now which movie did that come from ? The final mission is awesome . Sneak thru an airfield at the end of the war with the Russians attacking on the other side.Sound effects are great . Makes you feel like you 're there . As with the airfield mission , you see anti-aircraft fire snake thru the sky , just like Baghdad , BABY!Granted the initial release had many , many bugs . But with several patches most bugs have been worked out . Be sure and get the v1 .3 patch which has seemed to fix some problems that v1 .2 created . i.e. . The M41 Rifle now fires again , but with a 5-round clip which is historically accurate anyway . In v1 .2 it wanted to reload without ever shooting . Soldier AI has been greatly improved on both sides as well . However , the dead bodies still just hang in mid-air if shot on slanted terrain . Mouse sensitivity has been improved also.I 'm awaiting the new Devil 's Bridge add-on coming around the end of the month which will take the campaigns to locales like Greece , Poland and Battle of the Buldge . This add-on includes 9 new missions across 3 huge campaigns .
 A great game combined with compelling scenarios . It is similar to Rainbow Six but I found H&D to be much easier to set up teams and weapons and to map out strategies . The scenarios are all different and pull you in -LRB- unlike Delta force where each mission seemed like the one before -RRB- . Some bugs in the program that lead to system crashes and hangups from time to time keep this from being a 5 star game . Even so , I wo n't hesitate to buy version 2 if it is ever released .
 I started the first mission w / a heavy machine gun and came running in . This realistic game did what would happen in real life . I got blown away . I was appawled -LRB- however you spell it -RRB- at how good the graphics were . The rain was falling , sounds were everwhere , and the AI makes you feel like you 're taking on Hitler 's army . Each gun has it 's own charecteristics -LRB- sounds and all -RRB- for everyone . And you can salvage all sorts of goodies from dead german soldiers . After being mauled on the first time i figured out what to do . Like in real life you do n't know what 's coming up . So you move in -LRB- crawling -RRB- checking the area with binoculars -LRB- spelled incorrectly -RRB- for soldiers . Then you tell your men -LRB- which I will mention later -RRB- what to do based on your intelligence of the situation . I 'm not going to give a walkthrough . But your pals are so intelleligent it 's breath taking . When fired upon they get down and return fire . In many other tactical/strategy games other figures are semi intelligent . In Hidden and Dangerous a shot German means they begin to hunt you down . If you miss your comrades take shots to and life gets hecktick . There is no right way to do it . WWII you have to learn how to live . Sorta makes you think how real soldiers pulled off the same missions except they could n't go back and try again . The second to last mission gives a Saving Private Ryan sorta feeling . When moving through a city , snipers can be anywhere imaginable . Church towers , houses , hills , and anywhere . Sure the game has bugs here and there but most people do n't update to version 1.3 . Get the patch at the Talon soft website . If you really get stuck order the player 's guide . That 's about it . I havent mentioned half the good things about this game . For $ 20.00 -LRB- which is very underpriced -RRB- you will have fun . As the SAS say `` Who Dares Wins . ''
 For the longest time , I have been a fan of the SAS , and have enjoyed reading numerous accounts of their amazing feats during their birth in the Second World War . Now a game has been developed by a new Czech company which is an absolute hidden treasure . This game which -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is 20x better than Rainbow Six enjoys numerous advantages over RS . Better graphics by far , amazing levels , in depth missions , amazing AI , interactive story line , and details galore . The detail is something only a European company could have nailed . Occasional hangs unless you 're patched was at first a little problem ... not much anymore . You 'll be thanking yourself for buying this game when you 're men are running through the blasted streets of Prague fighting the remainder of the German army as you escort a captured scientist to safety . The Russians are on the other side of the bridge . A Tiger tank is waiting in a blown out shop front , and dozens of Wehrmacht are hiding behind burning streetcar blockades . Add the 50mm gun on the overlooking hill , and two straight-shooting snipers in the central bell tower , and VOILA ... you have an indepth mission . Good luck , this game is 5 star . Who Dares Wins indeed . I anxiously await the supplement . Aufwiedersehen .
 I have looked for a good war game for along time now . H&D is the best war game I 've played on a PC . Talonsoft have really done well with this game . The realism that H&D offers to a player is totally awesome . Yes it has a few bugs , but most of them are solved with the v1 .3 patch available at the Talonsoft website . For those of you who experience freezing up , try upgrading your SDRAM from 64MB to 128MB or higher . I had the same problem using 64MB , which is standard , but greatly improved when i upgraded . H&D will indeed give you your money 's worth . H&D offer challenging missions which will keep you glued to your PC . If you are involved in a relationship , PLEASE ... wait til he/she goes to sleep . You will thank me for that . Thats the type of effect H&D will have on you once you really get into this game . The ability to control four men individually or lead them to follow you into one of the most intense games i have ever played . Snipers , rifles , grenades , rocket luanchers and TNT timebombs are just a few of the awesome weapons offered in H&D . All i have to say is make sure that you have time on your hands to play it , if you do n't , trust me you will make some . ENJOY !
 Hidden and Dangerous is a unique world war 2 game . while similar to Rainbow six in the fact that you can choose your team and change your view between first or third person , you have a much larger selection of weapons -LRB- Choose them well , you may need them all ! -RRB- You can even pick up weapons from your oponents dead bodies -LRB- nice touch -RRB- . The germans even have different uniforms ! You can drive a variety of tanks , trucks , and cars . You can even set up what part of your team is going to do -LRB- example
 The most remarkable thing to me is that this game has been overlooked by so many in the gaming community . In execution this game is brilliant especially considering that it is several years old . The graphics are as good as anything I have seen and better than many games which others have given high praise . The attention to detail is mindboggling . When running across a snow covered field you will notice that your soldier leaves footprints , havent seen that before in a game . Even the likeness of the soldiers matches the portrait in their biographical data , most games have the same boxlike visage , making all sprites look generic . The sound effects are excellent . Each weapon has a unique audio as do all of the various vehicles which your team can operate . Even the crunch of snow underfoot or rain pelting on the roof of a car will impress . Atmosphere is greatly enhanced by a remarkable soundtrack , the best I have heard in a game to date , not at all annoying or overpowering as in some games , it fades in and out as befitting the action . The acoustics from a radio in a train station or a night club singer from an open door will make you stop and savour the moment . The game operates similar to Rainbow Six but without the need to pre-plot . The way you conceive your attack is entirely flexible . This is the game 's strong-point . If you decide that the selected route is too hazardous it is possible to bypass it . In several missions the route is hampered by steep rock . I have managed to get my boys to climb the sides of mountains and hit the enemy were they least expect it . Its like playing a video version of Force Ten from Navarone . Each mission begins with selecting your hand picked team and assigning them weapons . These are essential to completing some scenarios as without a bazooka you will not take out a tank . Your men can use as many weapons as they are capable of carrying unlike other games were you MUST select Either/Or . Thankfully you may also let the AI pick the weapons for you . During play you can pillage the Germans of their weapons and these captured armaments will be carried over into the next round and if truth be told it has to be stated that the germans have some of the better `` stuff '' . There have been problems with bugs but nothing of a game spoiling nature . In some scenarios weapons will mysteriously vanish from your hands and render your soldier helpless.This happens only in first person view . To counteract this you may either re-arm by hitting the enter key or by toggling the point of view -LRB- there are three available -RRB- This should make the weapon reappear . When this happens during a firefight it is usually fatal so learn to save often.When negotiating steep terrain occasionally your man will become `` stuck '' and begin to rotate like a spinning top . He will not be able to move in any direction and will sometimes fall through the playing surface -LRB- into the great black abyss -RRB- and die . To avoid this try getting him to change his `` stance '' . I have gotten out of this predicament by making him either kneel or lie down . This is one of the few games which I have not even considered trashing out of frustration , which is a rare thing for me . For the price to fun ratio I doubt if you could find a better game indeed I 'm certain of that fact .
 First of all , a little background
 This is one of those games where time just flies by . I 'm very busy during the day and in the evening I spend my time with my wife and son . But later on in the night is when I get some time to my self . When I sit down and play this game hours fly by until it 's early in the morning . The sound effects and graphics are excellent . Make sure you download the patch to get to V1 .2 . This makes loading your saved games much faster , and clears up some hangs . I would give this a 5 start if it was not for some occassional hangs . Save often , but the game is worth it . If you only have a small amount of time to yourself , then this game is well worth your time . The enemy AI and your team AI will make you think about just running in by yourself guns blazing . If you do , you 'll be sorry .
 This is an excellent game . It is challenging , the graphics are excellent and the scenarios are good . It is a bit buggy , and does lock and crash on you . I recommend that you save your game often to prevent having to start over when it does . It also has some interesting quirks that are intermittent , such as your soldier falling through the floor into limbo . It is a rare occurrence , and somewhat humorous , albeit annoying when it does occur . A patch is available from the Talonsoft website that takes care of most of the bugs , but it will still crash at times . Frankly , though , I do n't care . I have played through the entire game twice , bugs and all , and am looking forward to the follow on that is coming .
 In Hidden and Dangerous you pick up the enemy equipment , drive just about anything you see -LRB- even civilian cars ! -RRB- , you pick your own team , there is about 25 people to chose from , and there is a ton of stuff you can equip them with , rangeing from anti-personel mines to heavy machine guns ! You can pick up enemy weapons , and then use them on other misssions ! Also , there is 6 different campaigns each with about missions . If you like action/strategy -LRB- mostly action -RRB- get this game now !!!!!
 This is a really fun game if you have the time to learn all the keys . It is incredibly realistic and is fun history ! The Semi-Interactive story line is a cool feature too .
 Hello , we are English folk , and have recently used FS2000 . We are absolutely delighted with the detail given in the UK and Europe - but deeply saddened by the absence of London 's new Millennium Dome , and the fact that at Denham aerodrome , you are placed on the default runway 15 - not used in earnest since the war ! . Pip pip chaps - keep up the good interncontinental work .
 it is everything I have been looking for !
 MSFS2K is one fantastic civilian flight simulator.As a student Pilot at Embry Riddle Aeronautical University , in Daytona Beach Florida , I am very familiar with how aircraft perform . Microsoft Flight Sim 2000 -LRB- i have Professional -LSB- mmmm Mooney/Kingair -RSB- -RRB- is very close to the real thing . The downloadable real-world weather data makes it possible to go fly `` right now '' in curerent conditions . The aircraft perform how they should , plus you can try things you would n't dream of in real life . `` Gee Mike , are you doing aerobatics in the concorde again ? They have an extra 300 for that you know ! `` Graphic/terrain Detail is superb . I can find and recognize airports & major roads -LRB- IFR = I follow roads -RRB- from just about anywhere and there are more 3D buildings to look at than ever . The weather looks fantastic -LRB- check out a thunderstorm in a 777 or a Lear sometime -RRB- You need a real fast gaming system to maintain playability though.With the amount of end-user support for flight sim 98 , you can be sure thet there will be hundreds of new aircraft to download , along with other new goodies.Multiplayer is tons of fun , as several students and i fly together regularly . We even have a dispach student play as an `` observer '' in the tower view to act as our ATC , just like in real life .
 I was very disappointed because the game is not compatible with many video cards so check for compatibility before you buy and MUST be played with the CD in the drive!Also listed minimum game requirements are misleading you need at least a 500MHZ system with at least 128Mb of ram for just reasonable framerates -LRB- 10 to 20 -RRB- !
 Flight Simulator 2000 adds a new level of realism to an already stupendous game ! There 's just nothing like taking off in a Concorde at sunset in computer gaming - it 's a truly unique experience . Panel detail is greatly improved from previous FS versions , and one of the coolest features is the online weather updating - you can fly through a thunderstorm that also exists in real-life . One word of caution , however ; make sure you have a 3D accelerator and at least a Pentium II , or you wo n't experience the effects fully . -LRB- It will still be fun with older machines , but you wo n't get zippy 30 fps framerates and beautiful effects -RRB- . A great gift for any airplane enthusiast !
 This is not a game , It 's the next closest thing to real flying . Make sure you have a fast PC and MS Force Feedback joystick is a must . Check out the great website where you can download everything to make your own virtual flying world .
 I 've been using the line of flightsims that Fs2k is based on for over a decade , almost since they started , and I must say that 2k is impressive . For me the best part is the 3d terrain , rolling hills and steep valleys are represented like never before . The quantity or airports is also impressive ; it includes some near my home that I did n't even know existed . What the other reviews say about system requirements is correct , however , and MS 's published limits are a bit optimistic . With my 300 mhz Pentium 2 with 32mg ram and a 3d video card , I can get flyable frame rates - with nearly every display option turned off . Clouds and weather are out of the question . If you 've got a very fast machine , or were planning an expensive upgrade soon , then you can get the full effect of this software . Otherwise content yourself to being able to have loads of fun flying around in perfect weather all the time . Something I have n't seen mentioned in any other review is FS2k 's amazing expandability - several websites exist where one can get free add-ons , and the possibilites are nearly endless -LRB- check out flightsim website -RRB- . Software even exists to create your own scenery enhancements and your own aircraft . People all over the world use these to create great free - and share-ware additions . This is one of the things I liked best about FS98 , and will certainly be fun for 2k users as well .
 The best part about buying FS2000 is that it was a great excuse for buying a better computer!With a 500Mhz PIII , 128MB of ram and a 16MB nvidia card , this game is now absolutely incredible ! With this level of system , I can use weather , precip and high quality images all at once and still get frame rates from 18-25 ! If you 've got a system like this , you 'll love the details , the performance and the options . At night , it even has headlights moving on the highways near the airport!Bottom line - get a system that greatly exceeds the stated minimums to fully enjoy all the features .
 This game is great game . It have more realistic sound and graphic of the airplane than Flight Simlator 98 . I have Flight Simulator 98 trust me on this . The worst part of this game , Flight Simulator 2000 is that it will take a lot of time to load if you have less than 500 Mhz . If you wanted faster you should have higher than 500 Mhz .
 I got this game because Microsoft 's is suppose to be the best and it probably most certainly is ! I have a Pentium II 233mhz system and it does drag but the 8mb ATI video card really helps but I can only get framerates around 10 max , and that 's where there is no complex scenery . When flying over Chicago or Mt. Rainior it ran at about 3-5 but only when the detail is at max . I would n't recommend anything lower than a 233 PII or a 500 athlon as this sim needs power , but when it 's got it - it 's just like real flying !
 FS2000 is a great flight simulation game for many reasons
 This products reflects 17 years of Flight Simulator history . New 3D Landscape , Real-world weather , two more planes -LRB- 4 more on pro ver -RRB- , High resolution destinations and much more . If you have played FS98 , you will feel the difference . The worst part is it has EXTREMELY HIGH System Requirements . I have PIII 600Mhz , 128MB Ram & 16Mb V3 3000 . Frame rate was 18-24 at 1280X768 when i first played it -LRB- Full Screen increases perfromances -RRB- . Then i read it on the manual that for the best performance upgrade your drivers and install FS2000 upgrade too . Then the frame rate was 28-36 . WOW ! I 'd recommend PIII 550-700128 MB RAM and 16-32MB VRAM for acceptional performance .
 got this game about two weeks ago , it work great , its a ton of fun and easy to setup i recommend it for all .
 the flight simulator 2000 is the one before 9-11 , and , like other media , historically preserves shots of the late world trade center , making it a collector 's item , along with the aircrafts used by the hijackers . program should be hoarded as a time capsule , at a price of -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 FS2000 was an INCREDIBLE program when it came out around 2000 -LRB- go figure ... -RRB- but for the year 2006-2007 , I would HIGHLY suggest FSX , if you computer can handel it . It is an incredible ammount more realistic !!! If FSX is too powerful for you , I suggest getting FS2004 . It is a great program , with TONS of addons and a great comunity around it . Its computer specs are n't nearly as demanding as FSXs , but still , do n't expect any of these programs to run smoothly on that $ 500 computer from Best Buy .
 this game is a very cool game . despite what some people say , fs2k runs pretty good on my AMD K6/2 333 with 32mb of RAM and 8mb of generic video RAM . however , dont expect to get an extremely powerful game here -LRB- and im talking about most people who dont have enough computer crap to go along -RRB- . i can get some very playable decent framerates . detail is also very vivid , however , switching views and whatnot makes the computer shot to hell within your next 2 minutes . you can press only 1 command at a time to be safe but when you take the aircraft off it is smooth sailing most of the way . tip
 Flight Simulator 2000 is awesome . The graphics are much better and pannels are much more detailed . The only draw back is you need a top of the line graphics acclearator or graphics studder . Other than this I would recomend it .
 I am very satisfied with this product . The grafics are awesomeand very real . When I tried the first time , I did n't get anything better than 5 frames/sec . But when I maximized at full screen and closed most of background programs , the result was great -LRB- 20-30 frames/sec -RRB- . I have even got 190 frames/sec . However , I have some recomendations to enhace your flying experience . Close background programs to free up memory . If you want to see airplanes ' shadows , you will need to download the FS200 upgrade from Microsoft 's website ... this update is 7MB long . It will also make airplanes follow ILS approaches more precisely , as well as other necesary improvements . This game requires a powerful computer to work great . I 've got an Athlon 700Mhz , 128RAM and a 16 MB Voodoo 3D video card .
 I have long wanted to get into the left hand seat of an airplane , and MS FS does an excellent job of that . With even a rudimentary understanding of flight principals , I can get off the ground andget back down again . I find the tutorials are thorough and easy to understand . Like my son 's and their games , I keep bypassing the tutorials and going right for the `` fun '' elements
 This game is the top of the line for a realistic flight sim experience . It actually has the whole world mapped out on it and the 20,000 airports are just amazing . It has its hangups however , complicating the scenario too much -LRB- e.g. weather -RRB- will cause it to run slow and its almost impossible to set the trim to fly straight and level consistently . Overall , its a lot of fun and you 'll be discovering new things for days .
 Flight simulator 2000 is a very detailed game . The only things I do n't like about are , You are alone in the air , Theirs Very rarely any air traffic , and if their is it 's only a plane or two.Also if you plan your own flight by wsing the flight planner mode , do n't even bother going through all the trouble finding the right nav , com , and transponder code because it 's no use . The radios do n't work at all in flight plan mode.Also , I strongly recommend getting a joystick if you decide to get this game . Knowing from my experiences it is very hard to fly a plane yust using the arrow keys.Don ' t get me wrong , this is a pretty cool game if your into flight sims .
 I have a Dell 266 PentiumII with 64mb of ram , a 4mb video card and 3d graphic card . This game works horrible ! It takes about 10 minutes to load an airplane ! But , now I have a 600 PentiumIII , 128mb ram , a 32mb 3d video card and it works great ! The graphics are amazing ! I recomend at least a PentiumIII chip with a good video card and at least 96mb ram .
 I have just bought this game for only 30 dollars ! and i get a $ 20 mail in rebate ! what could be better than this . I started downloading and it took me about 10 minutes since the game has 2 disks . I went to start flying a plane and the graphics were ok . The beginning was a little tough since you have to get to know the game but after only 15 minutes it was pretty easy . You need a 500mhz computer or better to play the game.I have tried playing X plane and it wasnt better than FS200 . So i strongly recommend Fs 2000 because its cheap and it teaches you like you were a real pilot . Did you know that pilots train with this game sometimes . And also i strongly also recommend a joystick .
 Flight Sim 2000 is a great game if you have a good computer . I currently have a 500mhz computer with the new 3d card and it runs great . The graphics are really good and the game is a lot of fun to play . i suggest buying this if you have a powerful computer .
 Microsft Flight Simulator 2000 is not just another Flight Sim game to keep you amused for a while . It 's a benchmark that sets the standards of today 's technology , and graphics that will amaze as to just how good things are getting in PC gaming . The best part of owning this game also means that you can have access to hundreds of add-on aircraft , favourite airliners , scenery , sound , navigation -LRB- and the list goes on ! -RRB- at different websites . It 's only a matter of searching for what you 're after and in moments you can download what you want and take it from there ! The gameplay is slightly downsiding for slower machines , because it is such a huge game , it will require faster machines and good video cards to increase performance . Never the less , it still makes decent play for the standard pentinum machines without 3D cards , but if you were thinking of getting that 3D card , then this is the time ! Only wish there was more ATC and radio communication , though . A great game never the less , and that is an understatement . Guaranteed to keep every flight simmer in the air !
 one thing I really enjoyed about this program is finally being able to have our efforts as an armchair pilot noticed . With this program , you can take a private pilot checkride , and upon passing , be presented with a printable award . You can then go on to get an insturment rating , commercial license , and air transport license . The planes are equipped with gps and moving map display , which really helps navigating . The weather effects are much better with this program , you can actually see the rain , and the wind shear is very realistic . You will need a fairly quick computer to run the program , in order to get a decent frame rate . I use a 400 mhz machine and get about 27 frm/sec , which looks OK . With the rebate from Microsoft , you really cant go wrong if you enjoy flying .
 This is the best game ! Besides the 20,000 different airports you can go to , it is a major sightseeing fun factor . You can fly by the statue of liberty , under the golden gate bridge , past the white house , and over the grand canyon . If this game hade a six star rating , I would vote that much . The only complaint is that in n.y. , some skyscrapers and stuff stand out , while the rest seems to be a million feet below you . It 's just the resoloution . But besides that this the best game ever made ! I highly suggest you buy this game as soon as you can .
 I got this game and it is the best flight simulation game . It has so many airports . The planes and the scenery are so realistic . The sound is like the real plane . The textures of the planes are so realistic they look like hte real ones . And the scenery is not like the big blocks of Green marking hte ground or a repeating pattern . It is always changing like the real landscape in real life . This is a game you can never get sick of . It is always changing . This is a my favorite game and perfect for rainy days .
 What pushes the 2K Pro . past the middle star in the 5 star rating is the additional air craft . There may be more detailed scenery but the details are no better than the vanilla 2000 and you still ca n't land the whirly bird on a building top without incurring a `` building crash '' . A word of caution
 With basically all VFR and IFR nav aids in the database , it is an excellent tool for practicing cross country flights , devloping a routine -LRB- I am a student pilot -RRB- and executing a flight plan . With * real * weather , and the GPS indicators for gs , you can even `` fly '' the flight using the same VOR frequencies you will use in the air . I am amazed at this software .
 I first got Microsoft Flight Simulator 95 , Always used it until now , I got Microsoft Flight Simulator 2000 . It is very fun , and realistic . If you use MSN 's ... game network , you can join online sessions , fly with others , if you also get Roger Wilco , you can participate in live ATC , -LRB- air traffic control -RRB- and that is also alot of fun , and realistic . I suggest that anyone who wants a flight simulator , get this one , it 's the best , also , if you can get yoke , and rudder pedals for your PC , it would be even more fun and realistic .
 I rented this game from a local video store and my 6 year old daughter and me -LRB- 52 -RRB- played it over the weekend and made it all the way to the 5th challenge in just 2 days . It really emphasizes the teamwork that is needed to complete the different challenges . I really feel that her and I learned that Tak and Lok have to work together to survive , as people have to learn to do . I truly recommend this game for all parents that like to play video games with their kids .
 Tak the great Juju chalange is an incredibly fun game.After hearing my favorite warrior made another game , I got pretty exited.While the control scheme is unorthadox , I found this game easy to reccomend to anyone who does n't get seizures.And the funy movie sequences made me go through the roofGraphics :9 / 10 some of the backrounds are beutiful.Music :7 / 10 kinda distracting.Gameplay : as i stated earlyer the controls are kinda unorthadoxFun :10 / 10 through the roof !!!
 This game is terrific . There are lots of Challenges and Side Challenges to unlock . You can go back and repeat challenges over and over . Its fun and you can play with one or two people . If you play alone , you can switch between Tak and Lok . We 've had it for 2 months so far and we STILL have n't finished all the challenges . It never gets boring .
 I play this game every once and a while with my little brother and sister . My uncle was the artist for tak and most of everything , Todd Harris , so we got it to be nice . It is really cool to beat the snot out of stuff with lok 's hammer and to throw tak around . It took me a while to beat , but not near as long as a decent RPG . It is a pretty funny game most people should like it .
 This game is really good Co-op ... my wife and I play it all the time . Some levels can be challenging , but its fun . You have to beat some levels in a certain amount of time . You can keep playing and collecting things to get potions to get powers , and different tools . Its easier to play this with 2 players then 1 . Loc and Tak both have different powers , and you need them both to get through the game.And the end demo derby is difficult ... but its a really great game . We keep looking for more games by Tak , but they are not co-op .
 with all of the new systems out there , game cube is still our favorite . This game was a big hit with my son and daughter and their friends . No dust collects on this game -LRB- ca n't say the same for a lot of them -RRB- . Would highly recommend .
 i have not seen the game since he got it !! I guess he 's tired of it !
 I have enjoyed playing Zoo Tycoon . It can be rather involved and sometimes slow when you 're creating a zoo with all the requirements . However , the animals and layouts are interesting . I 've found that it 's easier to please the animals than the humans ! This game is good if you have time on your hands .
 In this you have the choice of the setting of your zoo and the money that you start off with up to $ 500,000 -LRB- like the computer version . You sart off with the normal buildings , restrooms , snack machines , and drink machines . You start off with the same scenery , picnic tables , benches , and garbage cans . You daily funding for Reaserch Conservation can go up to $ 66 -LRB- reaserch and conservation is the best thing in zoo tycoon period -RRB- . This game does n't have as many features as the computer version but the missing features are minor and this game is as fun and is good to have because it is more portable than the computer version . My brother would llike to add that in this version you ca n't put different animals in the same exhibit . -LRB- that is all of my brothers input -RRB- This game , despite its average qualities is hard to put down once you make a good zoo and once you unlock everything , this game is the best . If you 're patient enough to make one exhibit you 'll begin to unlock animals and objects and you 'll love the game . When you get to the main menu , the most fun thing to do is freeform game , but if you are a begginer you might want to start off with tutorial and scenario game to learn how to do things like please guests . When you start off , do n't bother to look into cards because you do n't have any . If you 're looking for a game to share with someone , you might not want this one because I 've played this game for quite a while and as far as I 've found out you can only save one zoo . Impotant tip
 Building your first zoo is a complete blast , learning the ins and outs of the game . In your second game you build it bigger , with more knowledge of what exactly you 're doing . In a third game you can experiment with a different terrain or climate and different animals.Unfortunately once you have played a few games DS Zoo Tycoon starts getting boring , fast . With nothing to do but maintain fences and sell animals why bother ? It 's great while it lasts but it does n't offer new challenges for long enough.Only one game can be stored at a time , to play and save a new game the old game must erased , so sharing a game is n't reasonable . However , if you have several kids , as a `` hand-me-down '' this game can keep several children -LRB- and adults ! -RRB- entertained .
 A caveat
 My Goodness ! This Was The best Game ever ! I got this game onApril 3 for my birthday . and i loved it ! This had good graphicsYummy animals , entertaining zoo keepers , funny tourists , And the greatest plot.People in my classEnvied me for having it.Today I Beat it forOver theSecond Time.And i still love it !
 I have this game and I like it very much . You get to buy animals for your zoo , and best of all you get to make the zoo ! It is fun and does not have any levels . This game is very educational because it can teach you more about animals aand what zoo workers do . In this game you are the boss and make cages for the animals . This game does not have that much water animals , only some like seals and crocodiles . It starts to get me a little bored , so if you like big action and explosions do not get this game . The game is okay , but I like other games a LOT MORE !!!! Bye .
 I have always loved `` Tycoon '' games starting in the 90 's with Railroad Tycoon . This one has to be the best one yet . My 7 yr old daughter got it as a present and I think I play it more than she does . However , she also enjoys it . She thinks it 's neat to create cages and place in the animals . She 's also learned that if you put in a male animal with a female animal in time you 're going to get a baby animal . She 's also learning quite a bit about animal 's terrains and where animals come from in the world . I have never played the PC version , but I hear it 's even better . The graphics are not the best on the DS version , but you are just working on a DS , not a computer.I do n't have any problems trying to create my zoo like other people have noted on their reviews . I find the interface is rather easy to use if you hold the stylus with the right hand and use your thumb on your left hand to move the screen around your park.I do recommend this game for anyone 7 and older . Anyone younger may not understand the game . I find this game as addicting as the rest of the Tycoon games .
 ok I have both of the pc zoo tycoon games and I want to know if this is like the first 1 or the second 1 where you can walk around .
 I love zoo tycoon and it is a great game , but there is somthing they didd n't put in the instructions . The animals can escape , and it is very hard to fix the fence because the instructions do n't tell you how . If the instructions told you how to fix the fence , the game would be perfect .
 My son loves to play this game on the computer . I am not much for computer games , but this one I like , because it teaches him responsibility with money and to take care of animals .
 My computer is basically a piece of CRAP , and the computer games wo n't play on it . I 'm going to try again after I get a new laptop either for Christmas or my birthday . While it does n't have all the functions of the computer game , the DS game is a pretty nice substitute for it if you have n't played on the PC long enough to realize the PC is much better.Having it for the DS though makes it portable and that 's awesome , I can play it on my 3DS anywhere , which would be great . I just wish I ordered it much sooner because I have to sit in a waiting room while someone in my family gets a surgery because I 'm the only other one that can drive . The reason I wish I had it is that Zoo Tycoon DS is a great way to pass the time . I always took pride in making it pretty , making sure my animals were happy , that I was making money , and the customers were happy.I have n't gotten it yet , but aside from my computer refusing to make the PC game work , the games I 've bought off of this site always work and that makes me pretty happy ! I 'm pretty sure the PC game is because of my computer though , it has a lot of problems that ca n't be fixed without the disc , but of course it came installed with it so I do n't have it ... Do n't base the PC games off of me ! They work on my brothers computer with no problem.The DS games are amazing as far as I remember . The only downside to them is that you can only have one saved game if I recall correctly . Kind of makes you choose between the zoo you make , and a new one you start , but there are endless ways to make up zoos . It 's okay for younger kids too , but only if they have the patience for it .
 My 12 year old son recently found his DS after years of not having it . He could n't find any of the games he used to have for it and asked me to buy a new one . He chose Zoo Tycoon . He 's way into the fighting military style games -LRB- CoD , Homefront , etc. -RRB- so I was n't sure he 'd enjoy this ; but he did . It holds his attention when we 're driving or out somewhere where he 's bored . It 's a very cute game . The fact that it was only $ 4 was awesome also ! I did n't give it 5 stars because I have never personally played the game .
 Had alot of fun with that game , but traded it it after about a year of it ... but overall it was okay ...
 Zoo Tycoon for the DS , as far as I can tell , is the same as Zoo Tycoon on PC . I only wish that they would have added the expansion packs to it as well . But it is a fun game to play non the less . Zoo Tycoon is a great addition to anyone who has the DS , and it is so cheap compared to the other game prices . I recommend it to anyone who loves playing Tycoon games .
 Zoo Tycoon DS is a recipe for fun right in your own DS . Because it is portable , you can play it anywhere . At a boring grown up party , during a long car ride or plane flight , or when you just feel like it ; you are always ready for Zoo Tycoon fun . Zoo Tycoon is an exiting game where you are able to purchase a block of land of your choice , and build exibits , place paths , and purchase animals for guests visiting your zoo to enjoy . Just like the computer version , you have to hire zoo keepers to feed and care for your animals , you must design suitable exibits in order to keep your animals happy , you can place food stands and wash rooms for your guests , and you can design rest areas and play areas for the guests visiting your zoo . The only differece between the original computer version is that the screen is smaller . I would recomend that children under eight would probably not enjoy this version unless they are used to a small screen , but might enjoy the computer version . This DS version compares favourably to the first computer version , and has the added advantge of two screens . This allows you to interact even more , and to have more control over your zoo . It can be difficult to get the hang of it , but when you do it is one of the best games made for a Nintendo DS .
 I love the Zoo Tycoon series , raising and caring for zoo animals . I was thrilled to get a DS version to carry around . The implementation on the DS is a bit flawed , though.First , the basics . You are in control of a zoo , and have to set up exhibits so that the animals you care for are happy . You choose the proper terrain mix , add in some trees and rocks , and maybe a shelter or two . Then you also care for your human visitors - giving burger stands , drink stands , restrooms and benches . If you care for everyone well , you have happy animals , happy visitors and a successful zoo.This is exactly the kind of game I love . I can play the Zoo Tycoon series for hours and hours . However , I found many problems with the DS implementation that made playing it quite frustrating.First , some of the changes that they made to simplify the game , which helped to make it playable on the DS . You set up an exhibit fence as a ` block ' , drawing it on the lower grid . Once it 's set , that 's it . You ca n't add or remove pieces later . You do n't even set a gate on it . It 's a solid fence.Into each exhibit you place a zookeeper . No more managing zookeeper paths - each exhibit has its own zookeeper . You do n't manage individual visitors ' happinesses either , or shop incomes.In a change which I found very saddening , you do n't get any information on your animals any more ! Surely having a page or two of text about each animal 's lifestyle and habitat would n't have maxed out the DS card . I found this change very odd . Part of the fun of this game is learning all about the animals , and it does n't make sense that they took it away.I understand completely that games need to be `` simplified '' to be playable on the DS . Still , some changes do n't make any sense . For example , if you set up an exhibit and add animals , and then decide you want the exhibit to be a little bigger , too bad . You are stuck for the rest of the level with that exhibit.Also , if your task is to get X goal within 10 months - and you hit the goal long before then , then you have to sit there and wait the entire time to reach the end . It wo n't realize you have reached your goal . I had the same issue with the tutorials - I 'd do what it wanted , but often it would n't realize it until I undid the task and then re-did it again.The interface had many quirks which were frustrating . When you 're drawing cages , you have a grid on the bottom and a picture of the area on the top - and the two do n't relate to each other at all . You ca n't move the grid once you start drawing . It takes a lot of trial and error to get the cage where you want it , if you can even draw the cage size you want based on the interface 's limitations.Finally , the zoos are all * really * small and you can only save one save game . So if you have a great zoo you 're working on , and you want to casually play another quick game in the meantime , you ca n't do it . If you 're sharing your DS with your sibling , it wo n't work at all.I really do love Zoo Tycoon so I play through the issues , and get enjoyment out of what I have . Still , I really hope if they come out with a Zoo Tycoon 2 that they fix a lot of these issues and make it more of the game I love.Recommended .
 I 've never had a `` Tycoon '' game , so I thought that I 'd give this game a shot . This game turned out very good ! Through out this game , one can create his own zoo and see how it does in a simulated world . There are bunches of worlds to build a zoo , and this game allows you to create not only exibits , but also food stands , ponds , benches , trash cans , etc. . There are many animals to exhibit along with many trees , terrain , rocks , and toys . It is very interactive with the touch screen , and can be very addicting!Somethings I do not like , however , are the very small selection of employees -LRB- zoo keeper , tour guide , and the garbage men -RRB- . You can only keep one zoo up at a time , so if you want to create a new file , but do n't want to destroy your first zoo , you are in a tight spot.Overall , I like this game , and it can become very addicting . I would recommend it .
 I have got zoo tycoon and zoo tycoon 2 for the pc , and they were as brilliant as this game . The graphics are as good as on the pc and the variety of animals is as much as on the pc game . I hope that the expansions for zoo tycoon ds will come out because thay will make it more than fantastic ! My only cons are that it is quite fiddly placing things and touchings things using the stylus as it is such a small screen . But overall , a fantastic ds game !
 This game is resemblant to the original computer version , but it does n't have the graphics or easy controls of the software . I would recommend this game to children 10 and older . Any seven-year-old who attempted to play it would be squirming in their seat within minutes . The screens of the DS are small compared to a computer monitor , so little kids might not like squinting to see their animals . Also , the controls are difficult to master , and it would be frusterating for those with little patience to try and figure out just which miniscule squares on the touch screen to touch to build a fence . However , the scenarios are fun and exceeded my expectations ; I find it hard to put it down when I 'm trying to play the missions . It is great to be able to fit a good game in the palm of my hand , and if you travel a lot , Zoo Tycoon DS is a must-have . I was slightly disappointed when I figured out that I could n't name things . On the computer game , you could name animals , guests , shops , empolyees , and the zoo . It does n't sound like a big difference except it is pretty entertaining to think up names for that hot zookeeper or that horny gorilla . Victoria Secret does have a nice ring to it , does n't it ? If your son or daughter is begging for this game but they are under 10 , please go with the computer version of Zoo Tycoon
 zoo tycoon is a very interesting game you have to take care of a zoo and make animals feel happy . you can also put restaurants , restrooms or even animal theatres i liked it a lot i recommend this game to someone that is not sure if wants to buy it or not .
 You 'll see on most of these reveiws that this game is bad . They 're wrong . This game has its ups and downs . The ups are that :1 . it does n't matter how big the exhibit is , no matter how big you make it , your animal will be happy .2 . You need to have a zookeeper for each exhibit . No more having to have staff gates or bad zookeepers not being able to get to the `` Big Cat Poop '' like the PC game .3 . Unlike the PC game , this game tells you wether you animal is happy with your exhibit . Ex . I had put to much Savannah Grass biome for the exhibit . It tells me that I need less savannah grass and more Fresh Water .4 . Instead of buying food , your zookeeper has that job himself . He 'll pick out the right food for that exhibit .5 . This game has a lot of things you need to unlick in it , but I like it . Unlike the PC game you have to work for more animals . Like doing Reasearch Projects.Now the downs . I think that these downs are just minor problems and they are very easy to get around .1 . No map like the PC game .2 . Bad graphics3 . You ca n't go down really close in guest mode like the PC game . The closest your are is about really all you need to see .4 . You can only have one game saved at a time .5 . Unlike the PC game , even on the freeform game , you have a limited amount of money . Like on the PC game you have unlimited money.I hope this reveiw helps you . Most of these reveiws say it 's not worth buying the game but really , it is worth buying .
 As my 6 year old son loves the PC Game , I bought him the DS one . His reading is not so good yet and therefore it is more diffucult to play , then the PC one . He got used to it and loves it . But me , I like the PC one better.If you own the PC one , stay with it .
 it is a good game for the kids . if you tired of allthe shoot 'em up games i say go for it .
 This game is really kool . It is n't like the computer version , but it is still great and has alot of the same characteristics . I would reccomend this 4 sure .
 This game is patiely like the PC vison but better !!!
 This is a good game that is fun for my 11 son but a little hard for the 8 year old . I did n't expect the used game to arrive without a case or game booklet but it worked all right .
 I bought this game for christmas for my nieces , but decided to try it out . It is really fun and interesting . I let them try it under the thought that it was my game . They loved it more than any other game . They can easily do the freeform game , even at ages 5-8 . For such a nice game , it is frustrating that it has so many bugs . I played all the games with objectives up to the advanced level . It is really hard to keep the guests happy . They get hungry and thristy if there is not food and drink every few squares . After many attempts , I found that I had to design the paths only in a very specific rectangle if I wanted to reach the objective of guest happiness over 90 . For bugs , they get worse on higher levels . - the game likes to freeze up . - numbers will suddenly plummet to zero for no apparrent reason . - after you 've designed a perfect exhibit , it will completely change what the animal wants into something from an entirely different animal . - the guests are so picky , it is almost impossible to make them happy . - the mountain animals ' exhibits have to literally be a checker board of high and low , or they are not happy.It is a shame that such a fun game has so many weird bugs .
 i liked this game . yes it does have its ups and downs and its true the PC version is much better . But once you get used to it , it really isnt that bad of a little game
 This is the best strategy game ever . It is perfect in every way . A review I read said the campains were impossible except for on easy , which is still difficult . The first time I played the campains , it was on hardest , but it was still fairly easy -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . The best part of the is the death match , and playing on MSN Gaming Zone . You should buy this game .
 This is the best strategy game ever . It is perfect in every way . A review I read said the campains were impossible except for on easy , which is still difficult . The first time I played the campains , it was on hardest , but it was still fairly easy -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . The best part of the is the death match , and playing on MSN Gaming Zone . You should buy this game .
 AOE2 is much harder than the first . I am a DM player that plays online and am used to being able to rush within a few minutes and winning . AOE 2 is different , it 's an awesome game but hard to rush .
 i got aoe2 for my birthday and that was about two weeks before christmas , when i got my christmad presents i thoguht this was better than them ! i have played the otherr aoe games and none are like this one , there are more civs , 12 i think weapons upgrades and scenarios like joean of arc . so have fun playing this game and go buy it !
 This game is totally awesome ! I was captivated by it when I got it and still am . It 's great with single player and multiplayer . Great music , grafics , ect . So i say again , Great Game !!
 If you really want to know a good computer game it 's this one . Age of Kings is so far the third part of a trilogy also including the games Age of Empires I and Age of Empires Expansion the Rise of Rome . I think that all these games can teach you a lot about the time periods back then and it gives interactive experiance away fro modern technology . In short this is the best game in my opinion .
 Age of Empires just gets better in its second installment , with improved graphics and gameplay over the original . Age of Empires 2 provides many different modes of play to keep you busy for days or even weeks . In the main game , random map , you can choose form a multitude of early civilizations including
 Starcraft had taken hour after hour of my time until i bought AOE 2 . This is perhaps the best real time strategy game I have ever played . It has so many civilizations and upgrades , not to mention the number of maps . Starcraft is still one of the best games ever made , but it had to fall sometime . AOE 2 is the new King !
 This is the kind of game that you must play when you 're stressed . Just pick up your favourite civilization and ravage your enemies ' towns ! Some people wrote that you need more than 100 Mb of memory ... It 's false . I play it on my good ol' PC with 64 Mb of memory and runs pretty smooth . If you love strategy games , do not think it twice . Buy it right now!The only mistake is the buildings from Middle East . The byzantines did not have those type of mills ! Also , they do not have any mosques . They were Christians ! Those are the only mistakes .
 I enjoyed and spent many hours with AOE1 and am not disappointed with AOK . Microsoft did a great job of keeping the integrity of the first game while adding a whole new level of complexity and a new stash of weapons . I will no doubt get my moneys worth from this game and look forward to hours of frustrating fun . A note of warning , this game takes serious commitment . An average campaign or match can last hours , and it takes a while to get the hang of what to do ... which , I think , is the best part . Definitely a thinking game.Sure the buildings are a bit larger than 1 , but they are more proportionate . Not an issue . Overall a great game and an excellent sequal .
 I saw the gold edition of this game at a store , and bought it because I 'd heared how much fun it was . And fun it certainly was!You start with a few villagers and a town center , and work your way thru 4 different ages , each one has more options than the previous one , and you -LRB- hopefully -RRB- become the ruler of a powerful civalization . You can be one of many different civalizations , including the Turks , Goths , Vikings , Celts , and , -LRB- in the expansion -RRB- the Mayans , Aztects , Huns-you get the idea . Each one is unique - they each have a different unique unit , and some ca n't research certain technologies that the others can.The gameplay is good - you make your villagers build buildings , forage for food , mine for stone & gold , etc. . Then you can create military units from different buildings - barracks , archery range , stable , siege workshop , and unique units at the castle . This game is also relatively easy to learn!This game gets boring only after you get good at it , and then it seems to be the same sort of thing over and over again -- the computer players always play the same way , etc.But do n't get me wrong , this is a great game - I would have given it 4 & 1/2 stars if I 'd had the option .
 Start with villagers , some resources , a town center and build up you little outpost into a great center of trade , diplomacy , and a place where enemies , who want what you have , are going to destroy you ! this is what Age of Empires 2 is all about . you start from scratch , with just some mere villagers . you gather up resources to build an army to conqueror and defend . its really like all real-time strategy games . however , unlike some of its counter-parts -LRB- ahem ... cough starcraft warcraft cough -RRB- it has a lot of the same buildings and lots of the same core units . in warcraft and starcraft , every race has different resources gatherers whereas in Age of empires2 , you always have the same villager . in AOE2 , the only differences between races would be unique units , and unit/tech trees . each race has their own econonic boosts and disadvantages . the unit/tech tree that i am talking about is that each race can make a certain unit and research a certain technology that another race can not . for example
 This game has everything you could want , AWSOME and i mean AWSOME graphics ! Has great gameplay , will keep you playing for hours a day . You can play as many ancient civilizations such as Britons , Vikings etc. . A definite must have for people who like strategy games .
 i borrowed this game from my friend bceause i had AOE 1 that i got from a garage sale for $ 1 and i wanted to try the expansion pack and it is a very fun game 10 times as good as 1i reccomend to buy it
 Age of empires 2 is the best RTS or game I have ever played , First I had the orginal AOE then got persuaded to buy AOE2 andnow I am hooked on it!The best thing about AOE2 is the gameplay and the wide range of chooses you can make , different technolgies , different unitand great AI management . There was a great improvemnt in AI , in AOE the AI was like playing with a dead person , when youwant to have some tribute , your allies never give youany . But in AOE2 the AI player ask or send tribute , sometimesthey ask for certain amount of tribute and then they turn intoyour ! The gameplay is great so much options to choose fromlike changing diplomacy , setting attacking mode , making formations and trading.The graphics was one of the best in RTS , the units the buildings are all very finely detailed . Especially the scalebetween the buildings and units . It 's like real life ! The campaigns were great , I can tell many more but ... but if you liked the orginal and cossacks you would definitelylove Age Of Empires 2 .
 This game intices beyond comprehension . Superb and exciting . A Strategist heaven .
 It 's no wonder that this game was rated `` Game of the Year '' by USA Today . And although the honor was bestowed upon it a while back , it still holds true today.For those of you who have played or own the first award-winning Age of Empires , I can assure you that the upgrade is well worth the money . And with rebates , you can get the game for what , about $ 10 now ? I will share some of the updated features that make the game more enjoyable and why you should buy it.The gameplay is much better . As you probably know , in the first Age of Empires , you could only build one unit at a time per building , and the `` Rise of Rome '' expansion only allowed you to build multiple units of the same type . The Age of Kings allows you to que multiple units of different types , up to a maximum of 15 at a time.The units are also able to move much easier . As it was easy in the first version to block and trap your own units with buildings , The Age of Kings makes sure that your units can always find a way through.There are also features that allow you to set the stance and actions of your units . For example , you can set units to guard another unit , to patrol , and to follow an enemy unit at long range . You can also set to aggressive , defensive , stand ground , and no attack stance.The units , and especially the villagers , work and move much faster , which I have found as a huge plus.The graphics are much better , more detailed , and the motions of the units are better.This game is like RollerCoaster Tycoon , SimCity , and Command and Conquer all rolled into one . What a great combination ! If I can give you one piece of advice , I would say to buy this now .
 This game is quite a step up from the original Age of Empires game . The graphics are a hundred times better , and game options increase , also . Aside from the goal of the game and basic actions , II is very different , and much better than the original game . Campaigns improve , and there are all sorts of animals . This game is a little confusing for someone who has n't already had Age of Empires .
 When I got this game it was so cool.Then when I played my friend on a diffrent computer it was more great . There is No bloody stuff Thats not why its rated Teen . It is so cool and fun buy this .
 this is the coolest game ive ever played . you can play historicaly based campains , battle friends via internet , and fight the computer in random map games . you can even create your own scenario . the variety of units , buildings and technoledgies in different civilazations is really cool.if you like strategy games this is a must have
 I 've had this game for a week . I finally picked it up , played it , and explored the game a bit . I 'm still learning the game , but here 's the story how it is so far.The game is excellent . Plenty of depth , fun , and many different units and buildings . Each building has specific functions and people it can create , making the game all the more intricate and exciting . You can research `` new '' technologies and go from the Dark Age through the Imperial Age . The game is a non-stop blast.But wait ... it is much more fun to play on the MSN Gaming Zone . You can actually talk to your ally -LRB- allies -RRB- and chat and trade resources , make strategies , etc. . You ca n't entirely do this with the computer . I love playing with other people , because it adds that much more excitement . Here 's how to play with other people via the internet : Go to zone.msn.com ... . Click Sign In . If needed , get a free MSN passport . Next , in the games list , click Age of Empires II . It will ask to install the MSN Gaming Zone . Click yes . After it 's done , click Age of Empires II . Select a game room -LRB- I preffer Hunt the Royal -RRB- and you 'll see big icons for various games . Click Join on one game room . When the host is ready , the game will be launched , and you 'll be ready for some fun . * Make sure you have Age Of Empires II in the CD-ROM drive when you go to the Game Zone ! Happy conquering !
 Microsoft actually out-did themselves with this sequel to one of the greatest strategy CD Rom games ever . This is bascially the same game as the original , only it 's set in the Dark Ages . It is also a bit faster paced than the first one . AE II also offers a multitude of extra features not included in its predecessor , as well as a graphics package which leaves the old version in the dust . The buildings on AE II are much more life-size and intricate in detail . They are also more varied than the first & include Cathedrals and Castles.Among the new features is your ability to garrison your townspeople in buildings & towers to get them out of harms way . Instead of being all men -LRB- like the first one -RRB- , this one also includes female townspeople as well as Joan of Arc . Also new is the ability to create several types of military units at the same time using the same barracks / stable / archery range , etc. . In the old version , you could make several units of one kind , but not several units of different kinds . A helpful aspect , to say the least . Another nice characteristic of the game is that you can actually upgrade scouts to light calvery . That means that you can have military units on horseback -LRB- that do n't cost any gold -RRB- which are actually semi-decent in combat -LRB- not so with AE I -RRB- . This is a must-buy game for anyone who even casually enjoyed AE I . The expanded features and updated graphics give you a whole new realm to explore , command and conquer . Time to move up to the Age of Kings . Good luck !
 I think that it 's much more complicated than the first one but the scale is much better because in the original AoE the people were the size of churches . Yes , this is definately the better of the two . It has got ; better graphics , more AI of the opponents , you can now get formations , and of course that brilliant strategy is back on the screen !
 Most stradegy games that i 've played have just a little economy and alot of milatary . This game has alot more economy than most , i think this make s it better . But its balancied becuase it has alot of milatary too . This game is worth the money . The AI is much improved over AoE . I do think that single player is to hard sometimes , but that makes you think more , after all what is a stradegy game for.It has a minor bug though -LRB- i hope they release a patch soon -RRB- , when you put it on easiest mode with 150 + the comp . will resign after 5 minutes .
 To keep things brief , if you liked the first you 'll like this one . It keeps the tried and true formula from Age of Empires and transitions it over into a great sequel . This game is very easy to pick up and play if you take a few minutes to learn the trades of the game .
 I have been playing this game for about 2 months . I have n't had any technical problems at all . Sometime playing online I had a few problems but thats due to my Dial Up internet . This game has a wide selection of campain missions . It starts of giving you a little history and describing the problem . It then list all your objectives and you begin . I prefer to play random map , that is when you can play agaist the computer . You can have 7 other cpu players . You start with a town center -LRB- The main buidling -RRB- and 3 villagers . Your objective differs depending on what you set . Like conquest is to destory all of your enemys army and most buildings . You can make all sorts of military units . Though some civilizations have restrictions . One thing I have encounterd though is after playing for 2 hours in a day the game can get boring . I prefer to play random map online with other AOE 2 players . Overall though this game is very enjoyable . If your like me and love strategy RPG games than this one is the one for you . It has is boring parts but I have n't found a game that does n't . I give this game 5 stars becuse it can keep you interested in the game . I recommend anyone who likes strategy RPG games to check this one out .
 When i first played this game , I was in awe of the realism . You can see the archers notching arrows into their bows , the flash of swords on shield , the skirmishers winding back and throwing spears . All the animation was incredibly smooth , with no Long Swordsman walking like they 're on stilts . For a war game , there is n't much blood , thats a good thing . A bad thing is the castles . They 're pretty good , but you do n't get to choose what kind you want to build . Some of the technologies are really confusing -LRB- block printing ? -RRB- One feature I like is the scenario editor.I like creating a whole whack of soldiers with fortresses and watch the heads fly -LRB- just kidding -RRB- . One of the major glitches is the population limit . The most people you can get in a game is 200 people , which includes villagers , fishing ships , catapualts , which does n't make for a very good army.When you play Age of Empires : Age of Kings , you learn a lot more about the the Middle Ages , than you know you do , especially with the campaigns.This is a very good game , worth the money to buy it.However , I recommend American Conquest .
 Microsoft generally is n't the first company that you think of when you are looking for a strategy game . But after playing Age of Empires 2 , you will definitely keep them in mind.Age of Empires 2 is a real-time strategy game that puts you in control of a medieval civilization as it advances in technology , military , and economy . Victory is acheived by crushing your enemies , allying with victorious factions , or by constructing a Wonder of the World . The selection of cultures is impressive and includes the Goths , Britons , Japanese , Chinese , and Persians in addition to several others . Each culture has its own technologies and unique units , such as Viking Longboats or Persian Elephants . The single-player scenarios allow you to become legendary heroes and conquerors such as William Wallace and Joan of Arc.This is one of the best real-time strategy games available and its multiplayer scenarios will keep you coming back again and again .
 I loved this game when it came out a few years ago . I got out of it for awhile -LRB- sold my game -RRB- but I missed it a few months later so I went and bought it again . I still play it , as it is one of the best strategy games ever . There are so many ways to win , but some games can take FOREVER . If you want a fast moving game -LRB- constant action -RRB- this is not it , although you can cheat and make it that way.I definitely recommend this game for anyone who loves RTS games and using their heads instead of just constant killing .
 The game Age of Empires 2 is excellent ! In the game , you can fight to the death in a death match , try to kill the enemy 's king in a regincide , or play any one of several campaigns . In a death match , you can choose any one of 13 civilizations - from the Turks to the Persians , the Britons to the Vikings . You can build so many buildings , also , from a blacksmith to barracks , a monestary to a castle . Then , you can make so many types of units - from a hand cannoner to a heavy camel , a spearman to a champion , a palidan to a an archer . You can also build seige weapons , such as onager , magnoels and scorpions . And then are the boats - anything from a fire ship to a trade cog to a cannon galleon and even a demolition ship . The graphics are excellent also !! But the gameplay is the best . You can control your army , tell them who to attack , and you can tell the villagers what to build , where , and where to gather resources . This game is a must buy ! You will not be sorry !!
 If you enjoy action and strategy , Age of Empires 2 is a must-have game that makes huge advances on its predecessor . Graphics are a nice improvement , but most important is that everything seems more in scale . The unique units and varied architectures associated with the different civilisations allow you to quickly change the character of the game by selecting different options ; likewise , varying the map changes the face of the game.Most welcome are settings allowing you to take maximum advantage of very high performance PCs , while scaling back graphics and number of units controlled to enable the program to run on older Pentium 's as well . This is key , and Microsoft does it better than other makers of entertainment software.Gameplay is first rate . You can assign numbers to groups of units and control them quite easily , specifying formation types -LRB- close , wide , flank , etc. -RRB- A mini-map in the lower right alerts you to units engaged in combat , construction completed and other events that require your attention.In general , success comes down to matching the right units against the appropriate enemy unit types , while constructing fortifications in a way that is defensible . At the same time you must run the economy -- gathering resources in anticipation of need . You will build and deploy units , construct and repair structures and advance technologies . Sound easy ? Well ... There is a learning campaign , so that you can get up to speed on game controls and shortcuts before taking on the computer or real opponents online . While you can play immediately and have a great time , I agree with several other reviewers that it will take a lot of time to master every aspect of AOE II , but that 's part of the fun.Also part of the learning
 I 'm not exactly unbiased , here ; I absolutely loved Age of Empires . The moment I got word that AoE2 was in the works , I knew I would buy it . AoE had so many great aspects ; real-world history , great graphics , intelligent interface and build systems and excelent and varied resource gathering . Everything you want in an RTS . Their best achievement , though , was the random map feature ... endless replayability.Of course , AoE had it 's faults
 This is by far one of the best real-time strategy games available . The game style is superbly unique , and even shames the classic `` Warcraft II '' . The many different types of units , buildings , and technologies makes the game very interesting for a long period of time , and the difficulty of the missions makes this a game that will remain on your hard drive for at least several months are you purchase it . Even the experienced gamer will find `` Age of Empires II '' difficult , and the newbie will probably be at it for quite some time . I played most of the missions on the `` easiest '' setting , and they were still quite challenging and addictive.You have several various options within the game . First , you can play tour of duty campaigns in which you play as various civilizations -LRB- The Celts and Franks to name a few -RRB- against different kind of enemies . These missions are generally the most difficult part of the game , and most have you at them for hours before you finally come out the victor . The other two sections of the game are multiplayer -LRB- which you can play over a network or on the internet -RRB- and custom campaigns which let you play against the computer in a multiplayer style gaming environment . In this type of game , you get to pick any one of the 14 different civilizations to be , all of which have unique strengths and weaknesses . It 's quite fun to go through each civilization researching new weapons and upgrades to see which fits you the best.Even though `` Age of Empires II '' is beginning to be dated , the game is still excellent and worth the money . This will be one to go down as a `` classic '' , very similar to `` Warcraft II '' . A definite buy .
 Man this game is breath-taking . You start it and then you get going and you do n't want to turn it off.The graphics are top of the line.The game play is real strategic and time consuming.It is n't some bang 'em up blow 'em up game.This actually takes thought and time.There many diffrent ways to play the game.Plus there many diffrent people to use and to go through their role.Buy it you wont be disapointed and if you are then say this review did n't help .
 Age of Empires II is excellent . This game has practically no flaws and is the current lord and master of the RTS genre . It is a lot easier to get into than some other RTS games -LRB- Starcraft , Total Annihilation , although those are also good -RRB- . Overall , AOE II is the best RTS you can buy right now . Each civilization has different architecture and unique units , so seeing a squad of Japanese samurai rushing a French castle is a common -LRB- and beautiful -RRB- sight . The graphics are wonderful , very detailed . While the AI can be viciously tough , on the lower levels it is very playable and allows those new to the game and the genre to get into it easily . In short
 The game has a number of improvements over the original . I like being able to hide the villagers in the town center so they can fight back , I like the gates , and I like the fact that the buildings are much more difficult to knock down . There are a number of other improvements as well.If I have a gripe , though , it is that the campaigns are much too difficult , and not terribly intriguing . The campaigns in AoE I were excellent , particularly the Nineveh thing , and the campaigns in the Rise of Rome add-on were , each and every one , simply spectacular . I ca n't even imagine the number of enjoyable hours I spent playing -- and thinking about -- winning these campaigns.But in II , the object seems to be simply to survive . You are attacked early and steadily , most of the time by more than one civ. , giving you little time to develop resources . Very frustrating , and not as much fun as the original .
 Personally , I am a HUGE fan of the Civilization type games . I was looking online and found , however , that the ratings for `` Call To Power 2 '' were not so high . I was looking for a game somewhere up to the level of the old Civilization II , and when in the computer store , I was recommended `` Age of Empires 2
 This is the kind of game that you must play when you 're stressed . Just pick up your favourite civilization and ravage your enemies ' towns ! Some people wrote that you need more than 100 Mb of memory ... It 's false . I play it on my good ol' PC with 64 Mb of memory and runs pretty smooth . If you love strategy games , do not think it twice . Buy it right now!The only mistake is the buildings from Middle East . The byzantines did not have those type of mills ! Also , they do not have any mosques . They were Christians ! Those are the only mistakes .
 Age of Empires II was hailed as a major jump over its predecessor AoE by numerous reviewers but I 'm not so sure . The graphics are only slightly better and the pathfinding system is noticably better . However , this is not a game for those people who want a game with a lot of big battles and it is also not a game for those who want a realistic strategy . It takes a long time for you to build up a town and you have to do it every scenario . No quick battles here . Also the strategy in this game is lacking . Units are more diverse but they are still pretty much the same for all the different races . Frankly put , there is very little tactical planning needed in this game . Most levels consist of producing a large army and attacking your opponent until they die . If that does n't work than you have to build another army . I gave this game 4 stars because it still , even after all these flaws , is a good game . If you are after quick and graphically stunning battles look for Homeworld , if you are looking for a heavily strategic game than look for Alpha Centauri and its respective add-on pack . If you are somewhere inbetween then perhaps AoE2 is the game for you .
 When I first got this game , I loved it . I played it over and over . Soon , I wanted to play online - I figured , with some allies , I was good enough . But , Zone.com would somehow not work . I ran into hundreds of problems . It said AoE was not installed , or that the program could not be launched , or a number of other things . I got frustrated and went back to single player . However , eventually , I tired of playing the computer . But , I could n't get zone.com to work , so I stopped playing . < fast forward a year , little less > I finally picked it up again and tried zone.com . It took me hours , but eventually I overcame each problem until a giant barrier stoof in my way . FIREWALL ! After 3 days I got the ports to open.This is a wonderful game in which you control a civilization to victory by conquering another civi 's city . It is different every time you play . I HIGHLY reccommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the Command and Conquer series .
 Two reasons :1 . I have been playing it for over 6 months almost every other day and I still love it - in 15 years I have never had a game that survived on my pc for that long2 . The number of Civilization combinations , strategies , units , scenarios and terrains make this game more interesting , complex and sophisticated than Chess especially when playing On-Line with other players - yet it is very easy to play
 This is one of my favorite computer games around . The graphics are great , and the gameplay is terrific . I love all the different empires you can control , everything from British to Chinese . The strategy is much the same as the first installment of Age of Empires , but if it ai n't broke do n't fix it . Lots of fun with this one .
 This an overall good game . The problem is that it is the same as every other Age of Empires game , the only difference is that the buildings are a little bigger and more 3D . Other wise the scenarios are n't that hard . The game is not very hard to learn . You just have to glimpse through the instruction manual . So you should buy this game if you liked the other Age of Empire games .
 Age of Empires is one of the best games off all time . You can be one of 12 civilizations all with diffrent advanges and disadvanges . There are many diffrent units and with diffrent civs you can get diffrent units . I would highly recommend this game to everyone .
 Chose from 13 civilization to play from , extremely detailed gameplay ; each civiilzation has their own fighting styles . The graphics are beautifully the best ever in a RTS . If you dont have it already , go get it now .
 AoE II = the best game ever . So many high points , very very few low points . In a few months it will be a E-Game meaning you can win money for playing it .
 This is a great game for playing over and over.Gameplay :4 starsIt has some really great stuff in it -LRB- play to find out !! -RRB- Expansion -LRB- conquerors -RRB- makes it a hell of a lot better too.Graphics :4 starsGood graphics that can only be matched by much newer games.Sound and Music affects :4.5 starsHas some realistic sounding music and sound , as well as a lot of voice effects in the campaignsCampaign/storyline :4.5 starsMakes History somewhat enjoyable and fascinating , while also educating . Well-made . Replayability/Lastability :5 starsA game which you can play over and over , or you can leave for a while then play later which also makes it very enjoyable.Overall :4 starsGood , but a heap better with the expansion . -LRB- some of the original design that they changed or removed was better though -RRB-
 This game is fantastic , detailed enough to command individual people/knights etc , broad enough to keep an eye on your civilisation as a whole . Admitedly good things do come to an end , and i did eventually get a bit bored with it -LRB- after a good coupla years fun though -RRB- . However the thing that amazes me is the number of reviews saying that it is too hard . I got tired of this because it was too easy and you only had to do the same thing everytime to win . ie - Dont bother building units at all to begin with -LRB- if enemies attack just garrison villagers in the town centre and shoot the invaders -RRB- . As soon as you get to the second age , enclose your town with stone walls , followed by castles and watch towers . only when you have done this , and got lots of money etc do you start building an army . The slightly demented AI means the computer players rarely launch large scale attacks , and you can send knights out to defeat porely defended siege weapons . Then simply amass your troops and annihilate.Wow , when put like that 4 stars sounds a bit high , but this does remain an enjoyable game
 i got aoe2 for my birthday and that was about two weeks before christmas , when i got my christmad presents i thoguht this was better than them ! i have played the otherr aoe games and none are like this one , there are more civs , 12 i think weapons upgrades and scenarios like joean of arc . so have fun playing this game and go buy it !
 This game is a huge improvement from AoE 1 in graphics and gameplay . The troops are smarter and line up smart -LRB- like longrange weapons in the back -RRB- and they line up in formations . But its the same concept as AoE 1 , attack , defend and build larger armies . The AI -LRB- artificell intelligence -RRB- is quite stupid and you can fool him easily . But still its a good waste of time .
 AOE2 is incredible in how well it improves on AOE . The graphics are better , there are more units , the historical campaigns are challenging and fun . The one gripe i have is that the campaigns are very challenging , but this is still an awesome game . If you are a fan of the original AOE , definitely check this out .
 This game is a very good strategy game based on real world history.the graphics are spectacular and the computer controled charachters are realistic . I give my rating of 4 stars because the program had certain conflicts with my system.Do not let my rating make you think that this is not a must have game . If you must know , it is a `` MUST HAVE '' game.This is an exellent game and I would recommend it to any strategy lover .
 Brilliant game if you start here . If you played AOE 1 I am sure you have already purchased Age of Kings.Lots of hours of thrilling , fascinating and ever changing gameplay in here . I guess it is a must-have for all real time strategy fans . After playing AOE and AOK I will buy the follow up without hesitation as soon as it lands .
 The detail on this game was great ! The sound was spectacular ! The scenarios were well thought out ! Well in other words it was an excellent game . I love playing this multiplayer too , which is free and can be played using MSN gaming Zone ... The sceanarios include Genghis Kahn , Joan of Arc , and Barbarosa . Each one has a different theme and adventure . I liked Kahn the best because you grew your army by capturing and destroying others . A great advantage over this game than the last ones is that the characters and images are much larger and easier to see . If you like stradegy , this game is for you .
 ... anything negative about this game . Ensemble Studios -LRB- marketed via MS -RRB- has got it ALL right with this release based on the earlier game under a similar title.Gameplay is much the same as it was in the older `` Age of Empires '' and `` Rise of Rome '' so players familiar with those can jump right in -- but the means to play are much more polished and graphically pleasing . All functions and actions are a mere mouse-click away as you tumble through scenario after scenario on your way to conquer the world.The game has features I 've seen in no other currently offered - making it a trend setter and blue print for others to try to match . Some features are saving multi-player games , the ability to record a game -LRB- either single or multi-player -RRB- and then re-watch it later , and an automatic recovery feature in case you loose that all important telephone connection while in the middle of a campaign.For $ 40 , you just ca n't go wrong here . It will boil down to pennies an hour to play because this is one RTS that you wo n't put away for a long , long time . Added to this , Ensemble is soon to come out with an ` add-on ' disk which features even more civilizations and units , as well as modified control features -LRB- The one I anticipate the most is being able to queue farms so I do n't have to go back and right click every time a farm runs out of food -RRB- . If you enjoy - or even dabble in - Real Time Strategy games , this is the one to buy . See you on the field of honor . ~ P ~
 This game is awesome ! It is so true to the actual races that even history buffs will be satisfied . The diversity in troops and even in building templates makes this game anything but repetitive . I recomend it to all war fans and history junkies .
 I have always been intrigued by war strategy games but never really enjoyed the ridiculous amount of micro managing involved . I also used to think that the games were too long and that after pouring 30 hours of your life into building a civilization you can get wiped out kinda sucked -LRB- OK , nothing compared to 1000s of years but ... -RRB- . This game is nothing like the ones I do n't like . AOE2 is FANTASTIC . Games are generally no more than 3 hours , there is a little micromanagement but it 's worth it . The graphics are wonderful and the sound and animation are amazing . If you are a die hard strategy fan , this may not do it for you , but as a person with a life , I love this game !
 This game is truly excellent and just falls short of a classic . It depicts the rise of various civilizations and the wars they go through . The graphics are excellent , the variety of units is excellent , and each civ actually provides a different feel and can cause a different playstyle to the game . The only downfall is slightly weak AI , with many of the enemy 's men not grouping into formations and my own occassionally wandering off to attack houses while the enemy 's Teutonic knights kill them . Other than that , this game is funa nd worthwhile to purchase .
 Just a bit of info for those intending to buy . I do not play this game at home because 32 MB RAM is n't enough to fight large battles or multiple team battles . Instead i play this one networked on the server at work . 32 MB RAM is the minimum you 'll need if you want to do small battles with a minimum population . I have lost many hours sleep playing this game ...
 I read the early reviews of this game , and saw lots of screen shots , and could not get what all the fuss was about . No cutting edge 3-D graphics -LRB- although the graphics , set on high detail , are very nice -RRB- . No warp speed action or laser weapons . Not much blood and gore -LRB- just in very tiny scale and in a non-offensive manner -RRB- . Once I played it , however , I was hooked.The interface is intuitive -LRB- and evidently greatly improved from the original AOE -RRB- . Gameplay starts calmly at the early levels , but builds to frantic battling as your -LRB- and your opponent 's -RRB- civilization grows in power and size.AOE II does require a lot of micromanagement - just as you are preparing to attack an enemy -LRB- or even a friend :-RRB- you will have to rebuild a farm or divert your attention to an attack from your flank . This is not a negative aspect , and is actually very satisfying when you balance all your actions successfully.Each of the 13 civilizations has unique characteristics and weapons which means you have months of gameplay for your investment . There are also a dozen or so different types of maps to choose from as well as the ability to create your own maps.Now for the really fun part . If you have never played multiplayer , online games , this game would be a good intro to it . Playing the computer opponent is fun , but playing flesh and blood opponents across the internet is a blast . It heightens the tension and offers you a chance to hone your skills against people with wide-ranging skills and strategies . And best of all , it 's free.Get this game and let loose your own dogs of war .
 AOE is one of the most strategic games out there . i feel that microsoft has done a terrific job . i have been playing AOE for about 2 years now and i have seen enough to say it is the best game i have played in my life.While reading some reviews about AOE some people say that it is crap and it is not a strategic game.Well listnen to this , i would love to do battle with you people over the internet and kick your butt so hard that your going to like , because to me that is an insult.i mostly like playing on the AOE on the internet because i want to compare my self aginst other AOE lovers.But when i 'm not on the internet i would be spending hours building an empire and demolishing the enemy 's city.Again i say thanks to microsoft for making a terrific game and all the AOE lovers and i hope there will be different versions of it to come .
 You know you 're in trouble when the first scenario after the tutorial pits you against three foes . If you 've played a RTS before it 's not that bad but if you 're new to the genre it 's the deep end of the pool . True , I 'm more of a explore and build player but I was still disappointed with the difficulty of the campaigns . If a game wants to be difficult I 'd prefer it be with good AI , not swamping you with an early rush or overwhelming numbers . There is a simple formula to win most scenarios
 Many have talked about the gameplay ; I wo n't repeat that here . I do want to talk about the educational aspect of this game . I have a 9 year old and a 7 year old ; the former has been playing this game for 18 months , the latter for 6 . Both children keep returning the to game again and again . What is pleasing is that they both are getting better . They discuss strategy and tactics -LRB- intelligently -RRB- . They have read the books on how to improve . They are both aware of the different unit strengths , and of the idea of building an army to defeat another specific army.The elder is now able to recite the strengths and weaknesses of each nation in this -LRB- and actually the expansion pack -RRB- . This is the game they still come back to 3 times a week or more.In contrast most gameboy ` shoot em up ' type games get played then ditched inside 4 weeks.The point is not what my children can do ; it is that this is a very deep game that can be got into easily but will not loose their interest.Most recently the ` scenario ' editor has become a favourite . This allows them to set up battles and puzzles and problems for the other to figure out . This has added cartography to the other skills they are learning.The other fascinating feature is that the ` AI ' -LRB- computer players -RRB- are themselves programmable . In fact their are whole websites devoted to writing scripts for the computer players . This has allowed me to produce opponents for them that behave in strange ways ; giving them new problems to overcome.However , the # 1 reason this game endures is that it is quite easy to run over our home network . Thus the children can play a computer game TOGETHER . This alleviates my main issue with computer games -LRB- that they tend to make people insular -RRB- . In short , this computer program rivals the bicycle as an endurable , ever interesting , extremely high value ` toy ' ; at least in the eyes of the Bayliss boys.Very highly recommended .
 I am now buying AOK for the third time . Two times have I bought it , two times have I thrown it away in disgusted fury at not being able to get anything else done due to the marvelously addictive game play . When will I learn ? Probably never . This is just one of the great all time games you can ever play on your computer , period .
 The Age of Empires series is one of my favorite games . I play it all the time even though it came out awhile ago . I like playing civilization games and this is the best .
 No long winded review here . You 've seen the positives . I have all the versions and love them . Is this the greatest game ever created ? No . It is hours of Donald Rumsfeld type fun though and in the grand scheme of things that 's all that matters . Give M$ their props on this one , it works better than their operating systems .
 Great game . Simple to manipulate and it makes you feel like you are God . Great too if you like this age in history .
 Well , I must say that I have never been into video games very much but this one is really cool.You of course are starting an empire of your very own and your whole goal is to dominate . You build and build . It is really fun.You start from scratch with only a few guys and build your city and army with the goal and intent of taking out the other empires that are getting ready to rise.It is definately a step above aoe1 and definately worth the time spent playing it .
 I try not to play this game anymore because it 's so much fun
 This game has many great selling points . But like most other computer related things , it has its bad points . As far as castle building and war waging , its great . Set your town center , then houses , then get the economy going . Once you are set economically , build stone wall , archery range , a barracks , and a castle so you can build an army and defend your town.You can even play as the Franks , the Japanese , the Byzantines , the Vikings , the Mongols , the Celts , and one of 7 other races . Each race has their own different building look and each race develops individual technological advances just like they did in real history . I.e. the Chinese develop gunpower later in the game.The short commings of the game is based upon the weak AI . In this game , when your farm runs fallow -LRB- out of food -RRB- , the villager just stands by idle . This is where the main advance of the Conquerors Expansion comes in . It allows you to queue up several farms so micromanaging doesnt affect the rest of the game . The last thing you need during a battle is to have to go have villagers plant farms.There is a box set of the game and the expansion , get it . Or bypass the game all together and get Age of Mythologies . If you like medieval times with castles , nights , and kings , get this game .
 I absolutly love this game . It is incredible . I used too get really pissed off when my mangonels killed my units , but the expansion handles that . Then why did I give it four stars ? Because the single player game is tedious . It is much more fun to play people with intelligence over the net . The computer glitch that makes the computer retire can be fixed with a patch . Also , for all you people who say the AI is too hard , I can beat three computer players on hard , and my freind can beat 2 on hardest . I have been playing little over 2 months . You just have to knuckle down , and learn the stratigies . Whenever I am destroyed on an internet game , I try my opponets stratagy on people who play like me . The best way too learn is rookie games on the internet . The best internet geme out there . The best . Hands down . I used to like action games , but now I like RTS -LRB- real time stratagy -RRB- the best thanks to this game . KoRn_children signing out .
 This is the best real time strategy game available and I will explain why .1 -RRB- If you are into playing with friends and people on the internet and having a fun time , you WILL love this . This , in my mind , is by far the most fun to play game on the market and the single player is just as versatile and enjoyable as the multiplayer .2 -RRB- The various civiliaztions have their own unique strengths and weaknesses which surpass even the civilizations of the first game . The combinations of units for attack and defense is virtually limitless . Each unit has at least two counter units which slaughter it horribly . -LRB- Example
 That already has n't been said ? Coming from Age of Empires I had certian expectations about the quality of gameplay and interaction . I have to be honest and say those were all shattered.Microsoft has definatley stepped up to the plate on this one , making the charecters and story lines more interesting and complex . This game takes the expectation of your typical rt strategy game and truns it into a RT Rpg Strategy.The AI on this thing is so enhanced you really do n't want to be caught with your pants down , and the graphics , well , do n't get me started on them . I must say , this is a great game , an awesome sequal to Age Of Empires I.MS has certianly raised the bar as to gameplay , graphics quality and style of real time strategy games . I ca n't wait untill the next version !
 I love this game ! The cool thing is you are actually learning history at the same time . Before each scenario , someone tells you about what you are up against and what the person talking went through . This way , you can learn history at the same time while playing ! This game develops strategy skills . You must plan where you want to put walls and buildings to defend your empire , and you can attack your enemies too . There is a wide range of units to choose from horse archers to cannons . You can trade , decide to become your ally 's enemy instead of ally , -LRB- i like this better in age of kings because you can change your diplomacy with an ally to an enemy and all they do beg you to become their ally again . While you are their enemy you can convert their units and then just switch back to being their ally , it is so cool ! -RRB- You get to be leaders such as Joan of Arc and more!Command armies to destroy another civilization . Build castles , houses , archery ranges , barracks , stables ... you name it . Start from the Dark Age and go through the Feudal Age , Castle Age and Imperial Age . You can control fierce armies while you work with villagers back at your home base . Farm , build , destroy , gather , chop wood , mine gold and stone . Upgrade your units with new technologies to make them better . Trade with horses and carts , build docks and boats , -LRB- there are war boats and fishing boats -RRB- . Choose from 13 civilizations like the Chinese , Japanese , Vikings , Teutons , Britons , Franks and more . Each civilization has different units and bonuses . Be the best empire ever!GREAT GRAPHICS ! IF YOU DO N'T HAVE THIS GAME YOU ARE MISSING A BRILLIANT STRATEGY GAME !
 This is the well borne out sequel to AOE and ROR . For those who are not innate strategists , managers or turbo charged Type A 's -LRB- or closet dictators -RRB- , you will hate this game . Luckily for those of us -LRB- chicks like me included -RRB- who thrive on the challenges posed , this game provides hours of fun . Infinitely more complex -LRB- make sure you know your Civ 's Tech Tree ! -RRB- than the simple and elegant AOE/ROR , it 's a race to get the right mix of resources and army before your opponent comes and beats the living daylights out of you -LRB- hint
 The Graphics are great and so is the playability . This game is a must-have . It is one of the best games I have ever played , and believe me , I have played quite a few . The only reason I would not recommend it is because of the difficulties I encountered when installing . Be sure you have a DirectX compatible video card !
 A classic Strategy game that is an easy way to burn away 2-4 hours with a few friends and a few laptops !
 This game is a true classic . I bought it when it came out and played it until the disc was accidentally thrown out . I recently bought it again for nostalgia 's sake . Still the great game I remember . However , this game does not properly work on Windows 7 . Colors do not show up properly in-game . Grasses turn blue/pink , water turns purple . It may be worked around but it is n't that easy .
 This game brings back so many memories . It does n't have to be the latest in graphics technology ; it has good , solid gameplay , and it 's a lot of fun .
 My son lost his old game and found this game on Amazon . The game was new and everything he wanted and more . The only thing was He is 10 years old and paid with his own allowance for 3 day shipping . He did n't receive the game until 6 business days later .
 I get a chance to play games only once in awhile , but this is a great game . I really enjoy coming back to try it again and again . I would recommend it to anyone who likes the previous civilization games .
 I 'd been playing AOE1 before this and it was one of the best games I 'd encountered . This one totally blows it away . Better graphics , more tech capabilities and better civilization armies make this game worth every penny . For all those reviewers on this site who say stick with another game -LRB- Warcraft or Seven Kingdoms or whatnot -RRB- , give AOE2 a chance .
 this game is awesomeive had it for a long timeits a fun mid evil game with many different units.you can do sceneros , games or even create your own game!it can also teach you abbout real live conquererors and knights . each place has differ unique units that others dont have such as ... teutones have teutonic knights goths have huskarls the vikings have dragon ships and berserks.etc ... the expansion is a lot beter and even more to learnsuch as atilla the hun , genghis khan , and el cid etc. ... by the way im not 1 .
 Age of Kings is the awsome sequel to the first Age of Empires game . If you like ral-time strategy games this is for you . Takes so much skill that its hard to beat the first mission . Like slaughtering people ? Great game for that too . You can hack away as much you want . Most cheats do n't worf though . Try enter plus robin hood for the ultimate award . 1000 gold !!!!!!
 Age of Empires is the best game I have ever played . First of all , it 's very wide ranged . I 'm in seventh grade , and my thirdgrade brother is as good , if not better at it than i am . its true that it takes a while to learn , but not a terribly long time . if you 're a stratagy maniac , and you do n't have this game , you are missing a vital piece of your collection .
 After playing it for more than a year , It still make you spend more hours in front of your monitor . Play it against a human and all your evil strategies of war will come out for your best battle.Hope to see soon an AOE III !!! Come on Microsoft ...
 This game is o ne ofmy favorites . It uses interesting history with good gameplay . there is one problem . if you have a bunch of cannon galleons , make them stand ground . the enemy puts a fishing ship near them , the cannon galleons will follow them , trying to destroy them . cannon galleons are only good against buildings , so it takes forever to destroy it . the fishing ship goes to the enemy dock , full of powerful ships , wiping your ships out . the cannon galleons are still shooting the fishing ship , so they do n't fight back . i would still recommend it .
 Great game - easy to learn and very robust ! very balanced abilities from each of the kingdoms . . very similar playing style to warcraft II -LRB- excellent game -RRB- . . Age of Kings is worth buying and checking out . . a challenge even for the serious player . .
 When i first got this game all my friends said it was horrible , but they were wrong . I was hooked to it , and when I should have been doing important things , I was playing this game . Everything goes into detail so you can really do what you feel is neccesary to build an empire !
 I have seen this series progres since AoE I and it has only gotten better . The Learn To Play campaian is great for those new to RTS or the AoE seies . The other campains are great and each one 's story is well told . The regicide and deathmatch modes are a great change of pace to the Random Map games . Also , beacuse it 's always either the first or second most popular game at the MSN Gaming Zone , you 'll never run out of people to beat . The only little problem is that when you tell a villiger to build a mining/lumber camp , they just stand there instead of gathering , but that is fixed in the The Conquerers expansion .
 It is the best game out of all the Aoe games . -LRB- age of empires -RRB- It has great graphics and it is more realistic than the first one !!!! It is worth the $ $ $ .
 This game speaks for itself so all I have to say is , IT ROCKS !
 i think that AOE 2 is the best of AOE 's because on AOE and AOE rise of rome , everything is not symmetrical for exampla the buildings are just a little bigger then the units and workers , and in AOE 2 the buildings are symmetrical to the workers and units and , and this is just my opinion but you should be a real AOE fan to play AOE 2 because you do n't know how hard it is to control you units in AOE and AOE rise of rome.you can hide your workers and garrison them in the towncenter . and i think that one of the cool things made in AOE 2 is that you can build in a gate in your wall and only you and your allies can get throught it , but your enemys will have to brake it to get throught .
 Even though I dont have the game my friend has it . Its the funist game ever in the history of age of empires.If you by itI bet you 'll have it for ever !
 Just a little comment reading the other customer 's review . AOE II is a very good game for sure , but frankly can we talk about strategy in this king of game ?? You just need to click as quickly as possible with your mouse to gather ressources to build a huge army and then send it to the ennemy base . More or less , if you have more units you win ... If you take the ennemy army by the back it wo n't make any difference , no tactical advantage !!! Moreover the formations -LRB- line , flank ... -RRB- are more a gadget than something useful , it does n't give any particular advantage contrary to Cossacks ...
 I lost my orignial copy of Age of Empires 2
 I love this game . It was n't as impressive as future installments , but I will always have a soft spot in my heart for this game . I liked the graphics and gameplay . The scenarios and options were varied enough to keep the game interesting , and some of the scenarios were customizable , so you could kind of create your own rules if you wanted to . Truly an awesome game and more than worthy of five stars .
 I first played this game way back when it came out in ' 98 , I was 7 years old -LRB- young , I know -RRB- and I played it at a friend 's house . I begged and begged for my family to buy it for me for Christmas , and I got it . Let me tell you , I played that game SO much that I wore out the disc ! I did n't even know that was possible . It lasted for maybe 5 or 6 years of pretty regular gameplay . I 'm 20 now and I just re-ordered a new copy last year . The game has n't lost its appeal one bit after all this time!I 've played the other AoE games , but this one is by far the best . Even without the Conquerors expansion -LRB- which is amazing too -RRB- . If you are like me and love citybuilding , history , and war games , then this game is definitely for you !
 Most games are hot when they release and then quickly become old and dated . Age of Empires II - The Age of Kings stands the test of time . This is a game that is fun even years after its release.You would think a game created in 1999 would seem blocky and old after only a year or two . Quite the contrary . The gameplay , immersion in detail , and strategic fun in Age of Empires II makes it into a game that I envision will be playable and fun for years to come.The game takes you through a variety of situations . You need to be an efficient hunter-gatherer . You have to know how to manage naval warfare . It 's a great test of your ability to think outside the box , as you investigate and manage a new set of challenges with every pass.I adore history , so it was a treat to be in a scenario with William Wallace and Joan of Arc . You see the real life locations they had to fight through , and you save the day with your own activities . The locations span the globe , keeping things interesting.I realize that some people are n't interested in multiplayer and certainly there is enough here in the game to keep a solo player happy . However , those who do love multiplayer will be in for a treat . The game does an excellent job of keeping all sides engaged in the battle . I happen to love the multiplayer aspect here.Yes , the graphics are n't super high def and up to current standards . That is quite all right by me . The gameplay itself is well done , and really after a few minutes I do n't even notice what the details of the various structures look like . I am too busy racing around the screen planning my defenses . As long as the on screen icons are easy to identify and work with , that 's all that matters to me.Are there any downsides ? I imagine gamers who are most focused on first person shooters , who want to aim rifles at heads and shoot , probably wo n't be as keen on the strategy based , long term planning involved here . That is quite fine . There are different types of games for different players . For strategy fans , Age of Empires II is quite a treat.We purchased Age of Empires II with our own funds .
 Observant gamers familiar with Sid Meier 's `` Civilization '' and Ubisoft 's `` WarCraft '' would immediately notice that Microsoft 's `` Age of Empire II '' is a mixture of the two . It has the primitive-to-more modern progression style similar to `` Civilization . '' Here we have a combination of human resources to build military , political and research and development infrastructures . On the other hand , it has the combat views of `` War Craft , '' where the battles cover both land and sea , but not air . Here I have to say `` War Craft '' probably has sharper combat graphics and animations . Nevertheless , the garden variety of no less than 15 military units is impressive . If I were to offer a strategy to defeat your enemies , it would be to build a robust navy when your scenario involves large bodies of water , not only to beat their fleet , but also with a Cannon Galleon , you can bombard your enemy 's cities from the shore . I would describe this Cannon Galleon as a primitive warship that carries primitive tomahawk missiles . It is much more manageable to attack their mainland stronghold with your army after you ruin their coastal defense , military backbones and infrastructures such as mills , markets and universities within the reach of your cannons . Also , place your bombard towers and catapults called `` Mangonel '' and `` Onager , '' which I do n't know where in the world they got these names from , along your coast lines to ward-off naval batteries , though they may not last very long against Galleons and fire ships ; the latter being no other than ships spraying out Greek fire that acts like flame throwers . Do not emulate what the computer player does unlike what Microsoft suggests . It wastes too many resources needlessly by building walls and gates that I believe you can get away without.A notable difference is one can play either short or long games . A one-on-one game with the computer as your enemy with a difficulty level set at `` Easy '' can be won in a few hours . A longer game can be played with more than one enemies controlled by computer or done in a multi-player mode , and -LRB- or -RRB- increasing the difficulty level and the area coverage . There are more options to choose from where a player can choose the winning criteria , how many opponents to play against , custom and real maps -LRB- you can even create your own map and scenario -RRB- , or play scenarios based on the real campaigns where one can pick among William Wallace , Joan the Arch , Genghis Khan , Frederick Barbarosa , and Sultan Salahadin . The civilization progression in this game only stops at the Imperial Age , the last available age after the Dark , Feudal and Castle Age , so you wo n't see riffles , tanks and missiles , or industrialized societies and technologies unlike `` Civilization , '' though each age has impressive technological features except the Dark Age of course which resembles the Stone Age . If there is one big plus over `` Civilization '' and `` War Craft , '' it is that this game is highly educational . Microsoft includes the history behind each of the 13 civilizations you can find in the CD with five more in the Expasion CD including the details about a special combat unit each represented culture has . On the other hand , one big minus is the relic collection feature by the monks that could also serves as a criteria of winning the game which I think is stupid . Playing `` Age of Empire II '' brought about a nostalgic experience of playing `` Civilization '' and `` War Craft '' when both were in their infancy back in the early 90 's considering when one looks at these two games today , they are far more advanced and sophisticated . `` Age of Empire II '' is an excellent game , extremely addictive if you enjoy strategic simulation games . When you are playing this game , set an alarm to remind you to quit so you wo n't forget to eat , sleep , take a shower , go to the gym , or work .
 My brother snapped my first one in half a couple of years ago and I could never beat this one , so I bought it . It has been goodand no problems ... . get it !
 Age of Empires II has been always my best game ever . I bought the collector 's edition about 5 or 6 years ago and played it almost every week . Last year , I found out that someone had stolen the Age of Empires II CD and I had to stop playing as the game needs the CD in order to run . I decided to buy it from Amazon and I got more than I have bargained for ; I was expecting only one single CD of Age of Empires II but I got the whole collection -LRB- Age of Empires I , II , Conquerors -RRB- . I am really happy with the product .
 hey guys i have been playing this for 7 yrs lots of fun still i first started playing this at my uncles after that i was hooked now i play online very very fun bottom line is if you want a good pc game that you will have fun for years and years buy age of empires 2 and its expansion , i have both , very fun i like the brits or mayans thats cause archers r sweet really you will have years of fun my uncle still plays it with me and he 's been playing for 20 some yrs gl all
 Age of Empires 2
 You ca n't lose by buying this game . I played the original for a couple of years and loved it . I could n't wait until AOK was released , and when it was , it was well worth the wait . There 's no end to the posibilities and different combinations you can use and play in AOK . I just ca n't wait until the expansion ...
 Fantastic game . Well balanced design . I 've wasted many , many hours on this game . It 's particularly fun against other players online .
 If you liked AGEOE1 this game is a MUST-HAVE . The campaigns are very , very , very challenging . The new soldiers are probabaly the coolest thing about the game.HAND CANNONEERS RULE!I got this game to see if the sequel was better than the origanal.It was better than I expected.The coolest thing about the campaigns are the charectars like Genghis Khan.This game is the best ever !
 This game is hands down the best strategy game out there . The AI is much better than that of AoE1 . There are better troops to pick from , the troops are much smarter , and you can organize them much better . One of the main differences from AoE1 that makes this one better is that you can make castles , by far the best defense building you can have . I have spent soo many hours playing this game my grades dropped . You can also spend hours playing multiplayer or modem to modem with friends . If you like strategy games put this at the top of your list .
 A great game that gives one the opportunity to participate in medieval warfare , a la Braveheart , but unfortunately not Army of Darkness . AOE 2 features some of the great battles of the middle ages , including William Wallace 's insurgency against Edward I , Joan of Arc and the turning point in the Hundred Years War , the Mongol horde of Genghis Khan . Highly recommended , as one will get a flavor for medieval warfare . Making your own campaigns is another fun feature , and you can add various characters , including Charlemagne , Robin Hood and El Cid . If you have not played this game , do yourself a huge favor and play now !
 The bottom line is that this is a great game . It has many improvements from the first one . First there is no longer a 50 person population limit . It is now 200 and is not that annoying . One of the only problems is that stone and gold runs out in a matter of minutes . Fortunitly there are trade routes . You build them at a market and they go and the gold appears out of no where . Not realistic but makes up for the lack of raw matteralis . You can buy and sell goods at the market . One of the only problems is that when you play anything but renicide people quit at the begaining of the game . This was ment to happen so you did n't have to hunt down every last peasent before claiming victory but is annyoning sence building a wonder will never win it for you . But over all it is a great game
 This is absolutley fabulous ! I 'm not a game player , but latly I have spent so much time playing this it has been unreal . The strategy element of the game is mind bending , the options the detail , everything . I ca n't get enough of this . The only bad thing is the American/Scottish accent !
 This is the greatest computer game I have ever played . I liked Myst and Riven , but could n't spend the time necessary in front of the computer to solve the puzzles . I do n't like the shooter or fighting games , but I loved AOE I and the Roman expansion pack . You can move along at your own pace in these games and playing them is almost like directing your own movies . AOE II is twice as good as the first AOE . The graphics and music are better and the added features make the game more complex and interesting . I ca n't imagine a better real time strategy game .
 I was introduced to real-time strategy with the Total Annihilation and StarCraft series . I thoroughly enjoyed both games . I dabbled a bit with Age of Empires , but it never quite caught my fancy . Age of Empires II , however , pulls everything together quite nicely into a game that has enthralled me more than any other . From the finely crafted graphics to the character animations and sound effects , this game is what every real-time strategy creator aspires to build . Players have numerous races from which to choose and a wide variety of units , including unique units for each race . Every time I play I experiment with a different race to see what they can do . This is a much more mature game than other RTS titles , which tend to be fanciful and are not as finely tuned . Many beginners in the genre may find the game a bit challenging , but the learning campaigns will get them on track quickly .
 Awesome game ... Almost exceded my expectations ! < Grin > The new campaigns are more challenging and exciting ... well worth the cash !
 For any of you history buffs out there this is the game for you . Not only is the the gameplay easy to follow and understand the visuals and sounds are great . The campaign modes are actually fun to play ! Whats up with that ? The game is real easy to pick up and the many different difficulty settings alows you to get better slowly not get frustrated and bite you mouse in half .
 Age of Empires is a very , very good game . There are realistic settings , and you can even play a historical event , with your own civilizations . You do n't have to have to participate in wars , though . You can create your own maps , and set your villagers to work ! There is also a very nice 5-part tutorial , which teaches you how to do almost evrything in the game . But , some things you have to learn on your own . The tutorial helped me a lot when I first bought the game . When you start a civilization , you can choose the culture of your people -LRB- EX
 This game is MAGNIFICENT . The games pro outweight the con soooo much that I want to give it a hundred stars . I also recommand this with its expansion
 I played all kinds of RTS , Sim and RPG games.Many of them are great , but AOE2 is the Godfather of them all.Many games tried to copy it . Sorry , it still has its unique feel and gameplay , still is the gold standard.Microsoft did n't do wrong with this game , and they did wrong with every other game they tried!Beautiful graphics , smooth and easy controls , and awesome gameplay.I do n't want to go over each technical aspect of the game , I just wanted to give this game its deserved dues!A five stars for the ages .
 AoK is one of the coolest games of eternity . IT doesnt have that anoying click move , click where you want to move , click attack , click where you want to attack interface that warcraft has and it just whops C&C 's boooty . The graphics are decent with interesting detail -LRB- you could spend five minutes just looking at one building -RRB- and sound is ... . OK . Definetly a must buy for the experienced of begiging rts player , and best or all , your mom thinks you learn so much !
 There ` s no denying that AOE 2 is a great game . I have spent many a sleepless night staying up playing it . One word of warning
 This , for me at least , is the forth-best game this year , behind Homeworld , Unreal Tournament and Counter strike . This means that it 's a definite must buy on my list , however I have it , so that makes it a must buy for you.It is a great sequel to AOE1
 This is a fun , thought provoking game that will have you playing for hours . This game can be played by almost anyone . You can either put a lot of effort into planning your next move against the enemy or just barge your way on through . The only downside is that over time this game becomes a little boring with having the same buildings and people . But there is a solution . The expansion pack is also an excellent game and it just adds to your now experienced game stragedies . Both games are highly recommended
 When I first played this game at a friend 's house , I was dumbfounded . I went out immediately and bought it . This is one of the best strategy games I have ever played . The advance button and combat stance features are great ! I also like the map editor feature , allowing you to create your own game . I tried the map editor with Star Craft , and this is ten times better . I have n't heard much about Age of Mythology , but I would certainly recommend this game to anyone who likes real-time strategy games.On the other hand ... I found that the best civilization on a Random map I ever made was the first one I ever did . This game is so awesome , that you keep wanting to learn more and more about , until there is nothing more to learn , and it gets boring . Sure , The COnquerers expansion improves it by a long shot , but eventually , it will get old again . But do n't worry , If you like these types of games , it should remain fun for about a year and a half . But , If you buy it , make sure that have room an your computer for another game , cause trust me , you 'll need it .
 Someone once told me that AOE is the cocaine of computer games . It 's true.The game is fun , but I would prefer shorter playing time . Three hours a pop is a little much .
 this would have got 5 stars if they would n't have lied to me and told me i need 32MB to run the game . THAT IS BULL ! you need 128MB in order for it to run smooth . so now i have to go buy some DIMMS .
 900 AD . Rome has been sacked by barabarians . With no centralized government , the world is up for grabs . Age of Empires II
 I went to my cousins ' house and I got bored so I started to play on the computer . They had Age of Empires II . I played that game for six hours for like three days and still wanted to play more . Here are the features -LRB- I played this game a year ago so this might not be that detailed -RRB- : Campaigns
 this game is the best , its really fun ! the graphics may suck but the game is really fun and you could play it for HOURRS ! u should get this game ! its the best !
 I 'm an avid Caesar III/Pharaoh player so when I picked this game up , that 's what I thought I was getting myself into - city building in a variety of lands/cultures . Little did I know that I was purchasing a strategy game ! I love it though , I just had to teach myself how to fight smart ! In the other games , combat is kind of a side addition to building your city . In this game , it 's an integral part if you want to succeed . I like the fact that you can start at different points in time and that you can choose from a variety of cultures . I like the fact that you can make your entire game random or you can choose every facet of the game environment . In addition to starting a city from the bottom up , you can be a part of 1 of 5 campaigns and you are n't just thrown into a campaign anywhere . The game developers give you lots of information and good starting points to help you get oriented in a specific campaign.Overall , this game is awesome . Like I said , if you are Caesar or Pharaoh minded you will just have to reorient your thinking a little bit , but it 's definitely worth it !
 When I first played this game I was hooked , I was stunned by the realistic graphics and sound , age of empires is a real time strategy game played across 1000 years through the dark ages and finally all the way to the castle ages . Here are some cheat codes which I hope may be helpful
 I have played starcraft , total anihilation , dune 2000 and they were okay but this one is the best game I have seen . Now the computer will actually do sensible things . If you are one for the RTS , turn based or thinking games you MUST get this game . All those little thing that aoe gamers like myself really missed are here . The learning campaign is a great way to get to know the game . The new style of scenarios work well . There is one or two things that di n't quite make it -LRB- like roads -RRB- but the Ensemble guys need something for Age of Empires 3 : -RRB-
 Ag of Empires 2 is a geat game , but I should have looked for it on Amazon.com first . I wound up paying $ 10 more . This game is a must for everyone .
 Great Storyline , Great Visuals , Great gameplay . The AI is fairly smart and pretty ruthless . The expansion pack is good too , but the units of the new and the old sometimes do n't mesh very well - Mounted Conquistadors with Guns can generally slaughter basic tribal archers .
 This is a must have game , it is the best strategy game I have ever played , I recomend it to any strategy gamer , you 'll like it .
 My Dad bought this game because Starcraft was getting old , and when I started playing I was blown away ! This game has so many factors that it takes strategy to win the levels . You have four reasouces
 Age of Kings is an excellent stratigic game . It just has huge buildings .
 Although I say it myself , I am pretty good on the original AOE . When I first got AOK the first thing I thought was oh my god , this is n't much different to the original . But it 's stuff like the find idle villager button and being able to find out what diplomatic stance others have to you . This is a great game that I would recommend to any AOE player .
 `` Frighteningly addictive '' sounds like advertising blurb but it sums up this game perfectly . I can easily spend 8 hours straight playing this game . It really can affect your lifestyle . Why ? Imagine a game of chess-a game itself which absorbs millions of obsessives . Now-instead of chess pieces , imagine cartoon sprites walking around at your bidding . Instead of a board imagine a vivid and reallistic selection of geographies . Now imagine a thousand years of history , the economic and millitary evolution taking place in the blink of an eye . The software allows you to construct a literally infinite number of potential scenarios-for this reason you could never `` finish '' the game , another challenge always exists . Moreover , you will find no one or even set of strategies exist which make certain of success in all games . This game is considered the classic in its genre and has spawned more feeble imitations than virtually any other . Get the original-its still the best .
 I ca n't say enough great things about Age II . It 's the best real time strategy game available right now . Internet play is a breeze and quite interesting with shifting allies and enemies . You ca n't go wrong if you like the real time games like Command and Conquer or Starcraft . Buy it !
 I have played `` Age of Empires 2
 This is an incredible game . The graphics are stunning . The game play is fast paced . The stories are sweet . The Multiplay is awesome . Graphically , as you roam the land , you see deer running around , birds flying in the sky , and other creatures roaming around in the stunning environment . During scenarios , you do n't hve time to mess around on alot of these as the enemy seems to find you rather quickly . Some of the battles are very intense and killing your enemy is no easy task . The stories are wonderful as you have the opportunity to play some of the greatest leaders that ever existed . Ghenghis Khan and Joan of Arc are just 2 of the 4 stories you get to play . It 's like a history lesson while your playing as you learn their story and then fight their battles for them . The multiplay is awesome as far as I have seen as I have not had much time doing this . If you like real time games , this is a keeper .
 Before I tried this game , I never liked strategy games . Now strategy is my favorite genre and Age of Kings is my favorite game . This game has been on my computer longer than any other game , ever . Age of Kings puts you in the throne of a king , there are just so many different things you can do , exploring all its features will take you months ! This game is easy to learn and anyone can master it . Five stars no doubt !
 Yes , this is a great game . But not just 13 years and up , like it says above . I have 5 year and 7 year sons and they would play from dawn to dusk if I let them . Jimbo turned down swimming today to keep playing -LRB- it is July in Los Angeles -RRB- . And the first time I encountered his ` grip of steel ' was when I tried to take control in mid-game . I 'm over 40 and all three of us love the game , but none of us has ever ` won ' a game . Yet .
 This game is an ultimate best-buy ! You need to use brutal combat and strategy to conquer the world , or protect the king . With the birds-eye view of the field , you can command and conquer with your young troops in all the Ancient Ages with all the ancient civilizations . The graphics are outstanding . The only setback to the game is the time . Otherwise , this is an addictive must-get !
 I recently borrowed this game from my freind thinking it was going to be a boring warcraft/starcraft wannabe what I got was even better than I expected ! There are 13 races to choose from each with different characters and buildings so they is unlimited gameplay . Sometimes the battles can be difficult and frustrating but you always find yourself coming back for more.The greatest Strategy game of all time . Period . With no doubt !
 I bought this game almost a year ago and it is still keeping me busy ! There is so much to do . You can make your own games , you can play on a scenario with famous heroes that lived hundreds of years ago , and you can play with all sorts of different victory conditions . You can trade and make allies and , of course , enemies . Plus you can play online against other players . It 's a LOT better than the original game - the graphics and units are a hundred times better , and everything looks and IS more realistic . Plus your units can be organized so that they look more orderly and professional than just being scattered around one another . I like this game enough to have just bought the expansion , so I can have even more fun and get even more surprises !
 This game is bears a tremendous amount of fun . It 's complicated , but only for newbies . Experienced players know that this game is about 90 % strategy . I got bored with some games , but as I was looking through the CD rack I thought I 'd give AOK a try . I had n't played with it in a long time . I had more fun than I ever did with it and possibly any other PC game . The price may be high , but it is a must buy . One of my top 5 .
 This is by far the most addicting piece of software I ever laidmy hands on . Learning the game is fun and once you start playing itwith others you 'll be hooked for good .
 I have played both AoE and its expansion pack RoR . The first day that AoK came into stores I bought it . And let me tell you , I am very much happy to buy it the first day . If you are a lover of Real Time Strategy -LRB- RTS -RRB- games genre , this game is a must-buy . The advanced commands that are available for your military units make it much easier for you to mount a well-managed attack on your opponent . With 13 civs to choose from , you can never have enough of the game . Beware
 There are many things one is looking for when you get a game , graphics , sound , playability , adiction , difficulty , ... Age of Empires II has it all . If you like it easy , you got it , but if you want it hard and real , you got all kind of difficult levels to choose from . I can simply spend hours trying to see how a good leader in those ages I could have been.If you like medieval ages , strategy , and spend hours using your brain , simply get it , you wo n't be dissappointed !
 This is an excellent game with awesome graphics , sound , and easy control . I have played many strategy games , and to compare I would say it is a combination of civilization -LRB- same units with some differences and just fun random scrimmages -RRB- and starcraft -LRB- similar interface -RRB- . I would recommend this game if you ever played and enjoyed the mentioned games or of course the original AOE .
 I 'm usually not crazy about real-time strategy games , as they tend to become real `` click-fests '' where speed is more important than actual strategy . This one , however , has kept me interested for a few weeks now . The technology tree is very important , as research will allow you to create more powerful units and new buildings . Gather resources -LRB- wood , stone , gold , food -RRB- to build , research , expand and conquer . The civilizations are just different enough to keep things interesting . Graphics and sounds are great and the scenarios are challenging . Online play , either competitive or cooperative , is fun . All in all , this is a great game with enough depth to keep Civilization fans interested .
 There are times in the gaming industry that a certain game will come along and reshape the way we think about how that genre is played . StarCraft did this for RTS . And AOE II expanded on the trusted design of that and made a game that is historically accurate , fun to play , completely balanced , and free of bugs -LRB- which is all-too-common in games today -RRB- . You can choose one of 13 civilizations to play in a skirmish . Or you can play King of the Hill . Or you can play Fortress . Or you can play ... I think you get the point . There are tons of options for single player game play . And the historically accurate missions follow the lives , trials and battles of William Wallace , Joan of Arc , Ghengas Khan , Barbarosa , and Saladin . While these campaigns are somewhat static and `` rail , '' they are engrossing and interesting.All 13 civilzations are wonderfully balanced . Unique units for each are an especially nice touch . And the ages that you advance through provide a new element of strategy -LRB- for instance , you will never even consider attacking with the Turks in the early stages because of their advantange in the later stages ; likewise , the Britons and Persians are ideal for a quick win because of their advantages in earlier ages . Once you advance with them , you 'll find that they do n't have the `` strength '' needed to pull ahead , though I have devised numerous strategies for the Britions that will allow victory in the late ages -RRB- . Overall , one of the best games ever . You are without excuse to not own this game . Even non-RTS fans will enjoy it .
 This game clearly wipes out any other strategy game out there . Age 1 was great ... Age 2 is better ! Why ? Better everything ! Better graphics , sounds , AI -LRB- how smart the computer plays -RRB- , etc. . Also , most popular game on the MSN Gaming Zone ! If your a strategy fan , this is a game you do n't want to miss . Every online game site , and magazine rated this game at least 9.0 / 10 . And people complain about RAM ? I got 48 , and it runs good with 2 players . One problem , but it can be fixed
 AOE2 melds gameplay and strategy in a way no other game like it has been able to . The days of 2D isometric gaming are far from over , the visuals in AOE2 are amazing and beautiful . This is a game anyone can pick up and play , with a very good tutorial , you 'll pick up the controls quickly and then begin really playing to increase your strategies . Overall this game is great and with the upcoming expansion pack , AOE2 looks to keep up the great gameplay .
 Microsoft has really outdone themselves this time . I 've been an Age Of Empires fanatic for a long time . When I heard AOE II , Age of Kings , was coming out , I had to get it . When I popped the CD and started a game I was overwhelmed . I took so much time analyzing the new and improved features I forgot I had opponents and was deimated in the first few minutes . But that 's not the point . First off , they have male and female villagers now . Another great feature is the better balancing of the civs . Each has a unique unit that corresponds to that civ 's history . I also love how each civilization talks in their language . And the multiplayer features are a breath of clean air . The Zone is a great place to play , and the modem connection is better than ever . Overall , this game is great , so if you 're a RTS player , this game 's for you .
 This is , quite simply , an addictive game . It 's not one of those games where you stick your head around the corner and BAM you 're dead because the enemy blasted your head off with an AK-47 . It 's one of those games where you start out about as weak as you can be without actually being dead and you have to build up to the point where the enemy cant get three steps into your city because they were hit by a cannonball from your strategically placed bombard tower.You start out with three villagers , who do all the work , one guy on a horse who explores the map , and resources minimal to the point where you can create almost nothing with what you have to start with . You have to gather enough resources to get to the next age . Every age grants new buildings , units , and technologies to aid your civilization on its way to greatness . When you get to the castle age , you can build castles , which fire arrows at enemies near them and allow you to create unique units such Persian War Elephants , which have incredible HP and attack but move slower than your average dial-up connection , or my favorites , Gothic Huskarls , which are the bane of any archer that does n't have a horse on which to run away . And then there is the Infantry-Cavalry-Archer triangle , in which archers are effective against infantry which are too slow to get to them without sustaining lots of damage , infantry are effective against cavalry , and cavalry are good at charging down archers without taking much damage due to high speed.A lot of people complain that the game gets monotonous after a long time , but that 's why Microsoft gives you thirteen civs to play as -LRB- eighteen with the expansion -RRB- , each very different from the rest . For example , the Teutons get the best of everything defensively , from fortified walls to bombard towers , but their unique unit , the teutonic knight , is a lot like the elephants . The Goths have the worst defense in the game , but pack an incredible offense due to huskarls and a great economy lets them advance to the next age faster than the rest , meaning that they can strike before stricken.One thing I like about unique units is that they really distinguish one civilization from another . In AOE , one civilization might get faster chariots but no centurions while another gets no legions but extra armor for the elite infantry , but it 's still hard to prefer one civ over the rest due to lack of differences.Multiplayer is LOADS better than single player , because you can formulate strategies with your teammate to use against the computer -LRB- I 'll blow open the left wall with petards , then you flood the gate right there -LRB- insert notification signal -RRB- with your champions to get their army to that side , then I 'll send in the trebuchets through the gap in the wall to destroy the wonder -RRB- . You can also tell your allies when you are under great distress -LRB- I could use some help over here !!! -RRB- or if you need resources -LRB- I need 200 more stone for murder holes , can you send me some ? -RRB- . There are also historically accurate campaigns , like Joan of Arc and Frederick Barbarrosa , along with single scenarios in the expansion such as The Battle of Hastings . All campaigns and scenarios are historically accurate , meaning that you mom ca n't yell at you for learning nothing because you 're sitting in front of the computer all day . There 's also a library with loads of historical stuff about all the civs along with info about the rennaissance , feudalism , the fall of rome , etc.There is also a scenario builder in which you can create your own campaigns and historical scenarios , or just amuse yourself for hours watching a huge army throw themselves against the walls of a heavily fortified city.Despite the fact that the graphics are outdated and multiplayer saving is a bit shaky , this game is infinitely worth buying .
 This is an excellent game that takes the RTS game and really brings it to a new level.A few people have said that this game does n't introduce many new bells and whistles , and those people are mostly right . However , the game takes the standard RTS game and adds enough depth to make it the civiliazation of real time gaming . The various races have very real strengths and weaknesses that have a profound inmpact on the game play . Each races unique unit is representative of real history -LRB- viking berserkers , mounted Mongel archers , english longbowmen , need I say more -RRB- . There is a hugfe research tree that makes it difficlut to research all of the options making it necessary to make real choices to how you will approach the game.All of these options really open up how you can approach the game . You can sit back , play a defensive game , and go for a wonder win , or go on the offensive , either wearing your opponent down with nuisance atttacks on there economic areas , or marching in with the big win.Defensive stances and formations add another levle to the game play . While battles generally settle into muddled affaris -LRB- which I think is representtative of the era , take a look at the movie Braveheart -RRB- the intial set pu of the units is critical in battle and can make make a huge difference in wiining battle and getting slaughtered -LRB- if you do n't beleive me , look at the difference in how long your troops last between line and staggered formations when being attacked by onagers -RRB- . Overall , the enormous amount of depth that AOK adds to the standard RTS game makes this game a winner .
 AOE 2 , The Age of Kings is the best game i have ever played . It is very user friendly , and easy to learn but it also has much depth and there 's no limit to how good you could get -LRB- but it takes a long time to be an expert -RRB- . if you get tired of playing computer AI go to zone website and play it online . This game is undoubtedly one of the bes Real-Time Strategy game ever made . It 's worth the money
 I have played Age of Empires and Rise of Rome , but this by far is the best of the three . You have a lot more control over your villagers and military units and you can even garison units inside of buildings . The town center has a feature that if you are attacked you can signal all of your villagers to go hide inside of buildings . The castles have a lot of great features too . I have a pentium 350 megahertz computer and I have n't had any problems with the speed at all . The buildings definately are n't too big because in this game they are very well proportioned . This is definately among the three best computer games that I have ever played !
 This is a wonderful game , you can choose who you are and which map you want to be on , there are different levels and campaigns in which you conquer people with Gendhis Khan and there is even a beginers campaign to learn how to play . When you play the game time fly 's . I think this is a great game .
 OK look ... to put it smiply , my computer sucks . Yet , Age of Empires 2 is the best rts to run on my system ! 733 pentium 38x cr-w drive19 .0 gb hard drive64 megs ramNO graphics card ... . NOT a gaming computer !!! But , age of empires 2 runs smoother than it ran on one of those super computers ! So , I do n't know what the hipe is about needing a huge amount of memory . PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE ! Do not let some other review tell you need more than 128 megs of memory just to enjoy the game !!! You 'd be miising out on one of , if not the BEST rts game ever made !
 It ai n't easy being king , but it sure is a heck of a fun time in ` Age of Kings II ' , one of the best PC historical real-time strategy games out there . There 's not much I can say to extoll the virtues of this extremely fun game that has n't already been said.Only thing I can add is that I could n't stand these games till I picked this one up . It 's hard to describe the sheer pleasure of building a massive army , leading them straight to the walls of one of your allies cities , suddenly declaring yourself enemy and have your guys raze the place to the ground.This game is packed with options , including the requisite multiplayer feature -LRB- itself loaded with options -RRB- several one-player historical campaigns and a special campaign specifically made to teach you the game . My favourite part is the campaign/scenario editor , where you can build your own battle from scratch.All in all , one of the most perfect strategy games on the market ... at least till AoE III is released .
 I find myself wasting the whole day when I fire Age of Empires II up , the game is so engrossing , the hours slide by in no time .
 This is the best strategy game i have ever played . Its very addictive , i spent 3 hrs playing it the first day i got it . If someone says that it is too hard be cause , God forbid , the computer actually attacks , they just dont understand what makes up a good game . The scenarios are great and i like all the new enhancements . I reccomend you buy this game immediately .
 Similar to the first gam in this series you are here to dominate the territory you are put onto . Whether or not there is 2 through 8 players -LRB- computer or otherwise -RRB- is up to the player . The Computer graphics on this game is far suprior to the previous installment . Well worth the price just for the graphics . A novel of a game for any age and gamer level .
 My name is Robert Davis and I got this game from a freindwho did ` nt want it , so he gave it to me . This game ROCKS!The graphices are great and the games you can play are AWESOME!My favroit are the Death Matchs . I like having allies when Iplay because it 's fun to see Trade Carts going back and forthbetween your and your allies Markets . The instruction bookletis really detailed so if your in a jam just pause the gameand bring it out . The fighting is good because the good graphices -LRB- they do n't just go up to each other and just standthere , you see them swinging their swords ! -RRB- This game Ihighly recommend to any fan of Lord of the Rings the movie.They have a lot in common . GET THIS GAME AS SOON AS YOU SEETHIS REPORT , IT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY !
 Age of Empires
 the stars says it all . I barrowed this game for my friend for just 2 days and im addicted ! this is very worth while . this is my all time favorite game !!! GET IT ! some people think the sims is a good game , and i have to addmit for about 3 weeks it is awesome but the sims its the same thing over and over . this game you have more than plenty of options . you can even play multiplayer and play on the internet against other people . The only problem is the amount of sleep you loose while playing the game . while your playing it is soooo exiting and entertaining that when you think 15 mins has gone by it has really been 21/2 hrs . get this game is my say in this review . trust me its worth it , hope this helps : -RRB-
 Overall , a great game . AOK is one of the games involving the most stratagy ever . AOK touches on most of the aspects of all Real Time Stratagy games , such as resource management -LRB- 4 different types of resources -RRB- and possesses elaborate battle-related units and formation , giving you a comforting amount of freedom in terms of ordering your units around . However , there are a few flaws that take a little away from the game , but not enough not to buy it . The first is n't exactly a flaw , just something to take note of . There are like 20 different teams , each very similar , but different as well . Everyone can get the same type of units , just some teams ca n't get these units , and so on , so the differences and uniquenesses of the different teams does n't vary that much . Also , each team has only one special unit that absolutely no one else can get . Also , you had better have a good memory because you have to memorize every little thing about every little unit if you want to do well . -LRB- And there are a lot of units . -RRB- For instance , almost every fighting unit has some sort of bonus or another against other units . So , for example , Skirmishers have a bonus against other archers , Samari have a bonus against other special units , etc. . It 's an easy game to play , but a hard game to play well . I can now fully enjoy it because I have memorized everything , such as each unit 's hit points , attack , and most important , range . Without learning this fast you have to spend hours comparing ranges of yours guys to their guys to see if you can out-range them , and if you ca n't , if you have a strong enough guy to beat up the guy you 're trying to out-range , and if your guy has any bonuses against the type of guy you 're going against , and if that will sway the battle , and then if there 's multiple different types of guys you have and multiple types of guys they have , and if there 's any of yours or their buildings near by ... . You can get a feel for the amount of almost `` Work '' this game is to play well . Many people are content to sit back and gather resources and build one unit an hour and say they like it because it 's easy and then wonder why they are n't doing well . Well . Second , buildings burn if they get to a certain health level regardless of what unit you 're using . So if you 're attacking someone 's farm with a guy with a sword , when the farm 's health gets down enough it will start burning . Also , the fire does n't do anything , it 's just for show . In other games like Starcraft when buildings started to burn they would slowly loose health , but in AOK fire does n't do anyting . Also , I 've heard from an unreliable source that the graphics from Age of Empires
 The category of startegy games is on the rise , just as first person had in the early nineties . Some of these games are fantastically unique , because usually , a developer does n't go and make a strategy game with nothing new whatsoever , yet some are just clones . This , my friends , this is a game that will set the limbo bar for generations to come . And believe me , that limbo bar is LOW . You can choose from the main menu a large selection of game types and multiplayer links . They even managed to stick in a history book full of info on all the tribes in the game . You can , as in most strategy games , edit and create your own map to set up online or just fool around with on single player . The gameplay is quite simple , much of the same gameplay from the original Age of Empires . But so many improvements have been amde to the game overall that its just to hard to concentrate on the relativities . You make units to collect food and wood and stone and gold , all pretty standard , and then create an army of men and horses , as well as siege weapons , to make the enemy start singing `` On top of Old Smokey '' while either sitting in a jail cell or up in the clouds with a harp and halo . The graphics are plain , though some pretty impressive battle and damage renderings . The sound was very bland , and is the only flaw of the game . But this flaw can be dealt with . After all , `` There is more than one way to kill a Town Center ! ''
 This is game one of the best games in whole world ! That is if you like streagy games ! The only one better is AOE 2
 Without question , I 'll give this game two thumbs up . You have to think about what you 're doing . I really disagree that it should be teen , because I 'm ten and I can play it . It 's definitely five stars .
 Well , this is the best game Microsoft has ever published ! The battle system is near perfect but it still has that `` The player with the most units wins '' theme which is typical for most RTS games . There are four resources to worry about -LRB- wood , food , gold & stone -RRB- , and that is pretty cool . Also , there are tons of units and sides to choose from . Graphics and sounds are superb even though voice actings are not perfect . Enemey and unit AI 's are pretty good too -LRB- with great path-finding and collision-detection -RRB- . The missions can be really tedious sometimes though . -LRB- Btw , you can enter `` robin hood '' at the chat menu if you do n't have enough guts , heh heh -RRB- . If you are an RTS fan and would n't mind a complex battle system , get AOE 2 !
 aoe 2 is better than the original one , because you have more control over your army you can garrison units and there is an idle villiger button witch is really useful , not to mention the graphics are incredible , and what 's neat is that each civilisation has an unique unit and advanteges in the game.the only bad thing is there should be more civilisations to chose from . I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys real time strategy games .
 This game is great . It is heaps better than the first one . For everyone who does n't know what this game is about
 it is a very good game . it has scinthalating grphics , wonderful AI . if you are a war & strategy game lover , then u sure are to enjoy this game .
 The campaigns are great for learning how to play , but they are n't all that exciting and they take forever to complete . This game 's real strength lies in playing with others over the internet . Pitting your skills against others , building an army , resources , defeating the enemy -LRB- or being defeated -RRB- is an absolute blast .
 This is the best game I ' v ever played ! The campaigns are sweet . They are actually based on real historical campaigns like Joan of Arc . It 's awsome that you can save multiplayer games !
 This is a middle age war addicts heaven . 4 ages , many buildings and countless units . The campaigns are very hard . I bought the game personaly for the skirmish options . This game is timetaking and hard and should only be used by people who like strategy games at least mediocre or more . Definetly not for part time strategy users .
 Best strategy game ! Teaches history as well as tactics !
 this game is better than all other real time strategies . you take nations and try to be the worlds leader . in the game if you choose Turks they are strongest nation and fast in fire arms , if you choose byzantines they are fast in architecture ... . ohhhh for the rest why dont you buy it now and play : -RRB-
 There has always been a dispute over which is better ; real time or turn based strategy . And for the last couple of years we 've seen many of the large names in the computer gaming industry -LRB- i.e Fraxis , Activision , Blizzard , and Mircosoft -RRB- battle it out on each seperate turf in order to gain the coveted spot at the top of the strategy gaming world.This year , the well known little sequal to the foundering Ages of Empire has been seen by some as one of those few RTS games that will breath new life into an old genre . In my opinion , it 's a great game , but it 's still got all the same RTS components.First off , let me just say that the graphics in this game are beautiful ; all the castles for each of the 12 individual countries are different and highly detailed . In addition , each countries forces and militaries are also seperated from eachother , making the whole experince very real . Plus it 's cool to see literally hundereds of little army men that are under your control battle a whole army to the death with a single click of the mouse.However , I do have a couple of qualms . First off , It 's no starcraft or even warcraft . The AI , in my opinion , although completly overhauled from the first game , is still lacking in some places . And second , although the senarios are all based on historical wartime events , -LRB- i.e Joan of Ark or William Wallace vs Longshanks -RRB- they really have no replay value otherwise . However , when all is said and done , compared to the first game , this stunning sequal has a lot to offer to the RTS gaming world . However , it 's still far from revolutionary -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- The Good News
 I would give a four if it was n't for some annoying things that happen in this game . After a while I realized that my army was blowing up MY army durring battle . When I tried to make the soilders hang back so they would n't get blasted they would run up again . I guess what I am saying is that whatever controls your armys when you are not is very idiotic . I do n't know if people like it like this or not but I do n't . Please do n't get me wrong . I think this is a very fun game that is very addictive -LRB- it 's 4:30 in the morning right now and I just finished playing -RRB- . Anyway I would suggest that people buy this game because it really is interesting and fun AND challenging.Just be prepared to get a little frustrated but not too much because it is n't the worst thing that could happen and does n't ruin the game , just makes it harder.My two cents .
 Now , a LONG LONG LONG time ago , other countrys were either at peace-or war . Ok kids , this might be violent , but it is history violence . It contains CARTOON VIOLENCE but - not guts and everything , just blood . Now other Owners , Say THIS IS THE BEST STRATEGIE-ACTION GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you want a game that you will play for years , once a day everyday , look somewhere else . If you get this game you will play it for about a month , then decide its terrible and stow it away on your shelf . If you can get a good deal on this game , get it . Although not exciting it is a fun strategic game . And you can always make your own levels with scenario builder , so the game only half dies .
 This game is the best game in the world ! You get to choose one of the 13 civilizations , the Franks , the Goths , the Japanese , the Persians , the Britains , the Vikings , the Byzantenes , the Mongols , the Tuetons , the Celts , the Chinese , the Saracens , and the Turks . They all have a special unit , for an example the Japanese have Sameris and the Persians have War Elephants . It is so fun ! You are like the king of whatever civilization you have ! You can lead them into battle , build walls , castles , and other buildings , or just get your economy high , from fishing , hunting , farms , berries , gold , and stone . You can also build a fleet of ships , and raid everone . Get this game , it rocks !
 All of you idiots who claim that game has no strategy or is too hard are idiots . OK , I admit the single player modes get boring after a while , but playing online with other humans is GREAT ! The first time I went there , I got my ass kicked , but I learned several different ways to start the game . Once you play a few more times , u learn that there are even more ways . In fact , there are countless ways you can play this game from beginning to end ! And every time you go online to play , you get different , unique allies and enemies . Also , whoever says that there is n't any difference in the civilizations is also stupid . Your probably playing the game with all techs on , which makes it several times more dull . Without all techs on , each civilization gets different technologies and different technologies not available to them . There are also many types of specialties each civilizations that shape the way a good player uses them.So what are you waiting for , buy the game ! its absolutely one of the best games ever created !
 This is the best game ever . Every one should get it . The maps and stratagies are fun , and somewhat hard to beat .
 Indeed , this game is really STRATEGY . Or as close as the games got to it yet . I mean , take WarCraft II , for example . The strategy there is to build as many units as possible , and kill your enemy . Here in Age of Empires all different tactics are possible , and it 's cool ! The bad part is that one game takes too long . On average , a WarCraft game takes no more than 60-90 mins . For AOE , 60-90 mins is the average time for a game ...
 4:30 am and three hours 'till I leave for work . I 'll save this game after I get all my farmers working ! I wish they would rebuild farms on thier own!It 's now 5:00 am , I 'd better get some sleep before work .
 This is one of the greatest computer games ever made IMHO . I LOOOOOVE this game . Who ever says this game is hard does not practice this game . And you need practice to be good at a game do n't you ? This game is very addictive and fun . Lots of big battles , and small , many strats to win , good graphics , and lots more . A must buy for strategy players . Someone said they could not beat it on moderate . Here 's a tip . The comp usually makes one big attack , hold that off and you 'll prolly win . Well , gettin kinda long . That 's all for my review .
 The prodigy of a game has a son . Not many games have sequels as close to the perfection the original had . Easy to learn , hard to master . Play as the astounding Britons , Byzantines , Celts , Chinese , FRanks , Goths , Jappenese , Mongols , Persians , Saracens , Teutons , Turks , and the Vikings . Fight alongside of Joan of Arc and Gengis Khan and others . The graphics are astounding . I gave it a four because of its slow loading time to start the game . Everything else is perfect . You 'll love this game , espiecally the Scotish guy in the training mode -LRB- learning Campaign . -RRB- Enjoy !
 This game will likely go down as one of the best games of 99 , or at least it should . Its a fun and refreshing Strategy sim ... you will easily lose track of time playing this game . Well worth the cash ...
 this game is great you can do anything it is exactly the middle ages I loved this game if i had one word to discribe it . it would be `` AWSOME ! ''
 Age of Empires II
 This game is really cool . The graphics are awesome ! The units and action are cool too .
 This is by far the best game that I have ever played , on computer , or on nintendo/playstation . I parents bought me this game during christmas , and now it 's july 26 !!! This is the only game that has kept me interested for over 2 months !!! I wont talk about the details of this game , cuz you people wanting to but it wont know what i 'm talking about . Well , anyways , this is a real time strategy game . Kinda of like warcraft or command and conquer , except the graphics are better , you get more control of the game , and it 's really detailed . i recommend this game to everyone of all ages .
 When first playing this game I was n't making small towns like from a certain game . -LRB- Hint it begins with the word sim . -RRB- I created armys , empires , strong alliences and foes whom which I wreaked havoc upon . I spent hours on this game . It has so much depth and seems superior to most stradegy games . I confess I hate war and sacrafice so i stay neutral and never become allied or enimeis . Compared to other games the graphics seem awfully dated and used . The lighting effects are pretty shadowish . The idea of a command and conquer/Sim city idea whith too many features etc is very ... creative . I hope you have alot of spare time if you get this .
 This is the best game that I have ever played . If you want power , men to rule and conquer , and a challenge coming your way , then you would want to own Age of Empires 2 Age of Kings .
 This is the best game that I have ever played . If you want power , men to rule and conquer , and a challenge coming your way , then you would want to own Age of Empires 2 Age of Kings .
 age of Empires is a fun challenging strategy game with lots of difrent levels . It is one of my favorite games . if you like games like Starcraft , Diablo or any other war game you will like this one alot . I have also beeten the game 13 times !
 AOE2 is an exciting game full of fun and adventure . You are in full control of everything you produce and convert . I highly reccommend this game not only because the graphics , but for the fun filled time you will enjoy playing this game . It is a little hard at first but just keep trying . Before you know it you will be having a blast ! If you like adventure and trying new thing this is in the center of the dart board for you . I know it is a little expensive but I think it 's worth it .
 Age of Empires 2 . A simple name , but not a simple game . Vast armies help you conquer the land with ancient empires to control . This game deserves game of the year . It has stunning graphics , awsome game and replay value . This game will take a while to top .
 The first Age of Empires was a critical and consumer success , gaining rave reviews and selling over 2 million copies . The first was a success because of the blend of strategy action and historical charcters . The sequel , The Age of Kings , expands on this winning formula , and in doing so , creates the best real time strategy game avaliable on the market . The game focuses on 13 major empires , such as the Persians , Vikings and Japanese . As head of one of these 13 kingdoms , you must defeat your enemies to gain rulership over all the land . This is very fun , being that each race is varried and has different strengths and weaknesses . It is also fun , because each one has a different look to them , the Japanese buildings look much different than the Vikings . The real fun of the game starts when you play the preset historical scenerios . You take control of such historical figures as Joan of Arc , Genghis Khan and William Wallace -LRB- ie Braveheart -RRB- . These are all historically accurate and can help you learn a great deal about the time period . There also is an excellant multiplayer game , featuring the usual deathmatch games , as well as a regicide game , which gives each team a king , and the first one to destory each others king . All of these features add up to the best RTS game on the market for the money . The guide for the game , is also a great value , it retails at 20 dollars and gives you all you would need to know about the game , without spoiling it . All and all , this is the best game you can buy , and you will enjoy it for a long , long time .
 Rarely does a game comes along and becomes as addictive as AOE 2 ... the last time I lost sleep from playing like this was Sid Meir 's Civilization II . Although there was a signifcant improvement in the games interface , AI , and graphics compared to AOE I ; it still lacks the necessary ` intangibles ' from making it a ` must-have ' classic -LRB- Civ II , with its simplicaity and breadth of game play , is the standard for all strategy games are to be measured -RRB- ... still , I would still recommend game enthusiast from trying out AOE II .
 I can not praise this game enough . The game hides a large degree of its inner complexity with an easy to use interface , a well written manual/on-line technology tree and finally a incredibly addictive styles of game play that make you begin to hate your clock when it eventually tells you that it 's time to go to bed . : -RRB-
 Age of Empires is better than other simulation games . Age of Empires 2 Age of the Kings has many features . You can play a Random game which allows you to chose how many players , who is your enemy , what color represents your empire , and what kind of land you want . In a Regicide , you do the same except have to -LSB- do away with -RSB- the king of the enemy empire to win . AOE Age of the Kings has the best campaigns like the William Wallace Campaign . In the History page you can find out the history from the Britons to the Vikings . Age of Empires represents a strong game . Only if a 3rd version would be made . If you have the game or thinking about buying it here are some cheat codes that may help you : Before typing in the code click ENTER on your keyboard and then type it inCheese Steak Jimmy 's - 1000 foodRobin Hood - 1,000 goldrock on - 1,000 stonelumberjack - 1,000 woodaegis - Build buildings fasthow do you turn this on -LRB- must be spaced & not capitalized -RRB- - Cobra car that shootsto smitthereens - a sabotuer that explodesHope you like the game ! I like it so much I play it practically every day .
 i have this game and it is the BOMB ! This game never gets old.Sorry i would write more but i got a broken arm .
 Ok ... When this game came out , it was one of the BEST strategy games ever ! Now ... lets face it ... it 's old . If you are looking for a GREAT strategy game , try Blizzard 's Warcraft 3 : Reign of Chaos , or Microsofts Age of Mythology . But if you like an old game , its AWSOME!OK now for the high spotsGreat gameplayGood graphics -LRB- when it came out -RRB- Lots of CivalzationsLots of unitsAwsome game over-allLow spotsOldIt crashes more than some games , but not every 5 seconds
 Age of Empires 2 is a very fun game . The ways you can play the game are in a form that even if you 've played the scenario before there will always be a thing to surprise you . In this game the most intensifying games are when everything starts out simple and then slowly comes up to the point where you and your enemy have destroyed each other . I have a game right now , where I 'm the Mongols and my forces are right on the Chinese borders . You can chose from any of 5 campaigns . For beginners , there are the William Wallace campaigns and then things get tricky . The Joan of Arc campaigns come next . You can also play in normal games
 This game has the best graphics iv ever seen in other games there is bad lighting and for people who have slow computers , no problem this game is the fastest real-time strategy game iv played . take my word for it and take all the other reveiws word for it exept the negative ones
 I 'm revising my original review where I originally gave this game 3 stars . After reading more about strategy and tactics I discovered that this game is much more fun than I gave it credit for . I realized that my own shortcomings were to blame and not the game . An excellent and fun addictive game that I recommend . This was my original review : I only gave this 3 stars because it turns out I do n't like real-time games as much as turn-based games . If you 're like me and you do n't like real-time games where everything moves super fast and you do n't really have too much time to plan things out , then you wo n't like this that much , because you need to be quick on your feet ! But if you like that kind of thing , then you 'll love this . Hope this helps . If you prefer turn-based , try Civilization III -LRB- have a fast computer ! -RRB- or my personal favorite Call to Power II -LRB- some people do n't like this one as much , but I love it ! -RRB-
 Age of empires 2
 If you love history , and you love strategy , and you love it happening all in real-time , you 'll certainly enjoy this time-sucker . And I DO MEAN time sucker ! Especially when you and your opponent -LRB- s -RRB- can resource and defend their economy well , even after several waves of attacks . Talk about dancing!My only complaint on the game and genre , as a whole , is that it soon becomes a game of `` whoever can level up the quickest and get to the next Age '' usually wins . In this instance , I suddenly long for turn based games like Advanced Wars , or even Chess , where time is allowed for thought-out , planned-out strategy . But this is just personal preference , and should be taken as such . -LRB- Maybe I SHOULD enjoy those turned-based games more often before playing this to counter-balance my likings and dislikings ... hmmm . -RRB- The bottom line advice - buy this game as an educational device as well as for something that will be truly enjoyed by the real-time strategy fan . And I recommend buying the `` Age of Empires II
 Age Of Empires II is the best game . Almost as good as the Sims , this game will sometime be at the top of the list of the bestsellers . Create an entire civilization with Military , villagers and Monks . Go from Militia to Champions . Build Military buildings like Watch Towers , Castles , Archery Ranges , Stone Walls , Palisade Walls and more . Also create sea docks where you can build Fishing Ships , Transport Ships , and all kinds of War Ships . There are also four types of games -- Campaignes , Regicides , Learn-To-Play , and Deathmatch . Put your villagers to work by chopping trees for wood , hunting sheep , deer and wild boar for food , mining gold for gold , and mining stone for stone . Travel from the Dark Age to the Imperial Age -- with all kinds of special technology . GET IT !
 Fantastic !!! I loved it ! Many types of soldiers beautiful graphics and certanily worth your money ! Its mostly for the action type person . If your looking for a great city builder and wartime game this would be mediore . Ive always looked for the perfect game city builder and wartime . But this isnt perfect.But is still loved it ! Youll enjoy it ! If you want to buy AOE gold . Dont let my comments discourge you buy it !!
 this is the best game i 've ever played . i think the single player is good and the multiplayer is excellent . if u are a strategy game lover , i recommend this product to you here are the ups and downs of the game ups-extremely addictive , very good features , many kinds of choices , the campaign is wonderful down-when you have many units the game is very slow
 Age of Empires II
 THIS GAME IS GREAT GAME . IF YOU LIKE EMPIRE BUILDING AND ENEMY KILLING , THIS IS THE PERFECT GAME FOR YOU .
 Hmmm , it seems quite a few people have alot to say about this one . I bought this title soon after it 's release at the end of 99 . I 'd had the first AoE , and was disappointed with it , but Age Of Kings really made some good improvements . The idea of garrisoning is a really great addition , as well as the unique units . The graphics are n't stunning , but they are very good , and the gameplay is also good . Some knocks I 've read on this were that it 's just building up an army and attacking your opponent , therefore having not enough strategy . Well , wake up ! That 's the way pretty much every stratey game is , and if you want more fighting , or more details to your wars , try an rpg . Another was that , other than the unique units , pretty much there was just the same kinds of units . However , I think that there 's a wide enough variety to make up for this discrepency , and alot more than most strategy titles out there . All in all , if you hav n't been playing strategy games too long , this is a great one to buy . It is n't terribly difficult to learn -LRB- unlike other , more in depth titles , such as BraveHeart , which is a wonderful game , but very complicated -RRB- or even if you 're a veteran to strat games , I highly recommend this one .
 The only other real-time strategy game I 'd tried was Close Combat
 This is one of those games that 's so good , it 's addictive . It 'll probably ruin every other area of your life , because you 'll be stuck playing it for hours on end . Enjoy !
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas and he plays it as often as he can . He is very picky about computer games so I was very happy he enjoyed it . What I did not expect was that my 9 year old daughter would also enjoy the game . She plays it as often as he will let her ! What more could I ask for in a computer game ?
 AoE2 is an incredible step forward from the first in the series . The graphics are stunning and Microsoft has made several leaps forward , namely better AI , more variety in units , gathering points , production lines and a random map generator . All of this has been reviewed to death in the other 100 or so reviews . What I personally have a problem with is the replayability of the campaigns which is nil . They are all too short , 4 or 5 scenarios , and many of the missions are impossible on anything but easy . Maybe I just stink at these games , which is entirely possible . Anyhow , the other problem I have is the inability to create your own campaigns , which would add much replay value to the game . You can create your own campaign , but the scope of what is possible to create is very limited . This is especially true when compared to AoE I , which had an excellent variety of possibilities . On the whole , however , this game is excellent and I have already spent too many hours in the middle of school playing it .
 I love the game ! The formations are increddible ! The computer enemys are so much better . The comps army is not just priests -LRB- or monks -RRB- any more . The game can be set to a high speed which i like . And the game is awsome on the ZONE ! GET THE GAME !
 The graphics are amazing in this sequal . Great strategy game and love playing other people over the net . Great game !
 This game is definately the funnest strategy game i have played ever played . There are 13 different clans you can chose from and each one as a special character that can not be chosen with any of the other clans . There are many different types and classes of cavalry , archers , infantry , monks , siege , and ships . for all of these you can get upgrades to strengthen your army and try to face the enemy . One of the many great things about this game is , is that you can not win with just one type of soldier , you need to mix up all your forces and fully upgrade them . You also need to keep up with building your town and fighting and can not just pick one and concentrate on one thing which can be very hard at times and cause you to lose . I have only been playing this game for a short time and have found it difficult but endless fun . There also are 20 or more campaigns and you can chose to play single player or when you think you are good you can test your skills over the internet against other worthy opponents . You can also create your own scenarios and campaigns which is very fun . I would reccommend this game too anyone who enjoys a good challenge or just really likes strategy games . I hope you chose to buy this title over many others because you will not be dissappointed .
 Overall , this game rocks . THe gameplay is superb and the graphics rock thte house . THe one thing of the game that I do not like is that You can not build a lot of buildings . It can be very annoying if you want to build a big city . This game is a little like the game Startcraft if anyone of you played that.AOE2 's excitement is n't as high as other games but in order to win all the campains you need to have a strategy . Wheter getting to a place or other taks , all of them need planning . If you want to defeat another town without any cheasts , You have to creat a certain amount of villagers to work for you . THis game is really good but why do n't they have buildings from Age of Empires 1 like the goverment center ? Well here is a overview of what I think of this gameGraphics :8 THe games graphics are pretty good . It may not have the best graphics but O.K.Gameplay : EXCELLENT . This game is n't that exciting if you know what I mean but can last you some timeValue : moderate high . THis game wo n't last forever but will last a very long timeConcept :10 great campains . I would give it a 10 . This game is fabulous ! Get it !
 A Great game well worth every penny spent on it . The expansion improves upon perfection so instead of getting this I would get the bundle that includes this game and the expansion !
 This game is a improvement over the original verision by far . All of the original elements that made the first game truly enjoyable a back and better than ever . There are also many emporvements . One example would be trading . In this new version trading costs you virtually nothing other than the cost of a trade cart and a market . Using this method you can prolong the game by buying resources with gold at your market place . Another example would be garisioning your troops . This tactic provides a unique stragic option which makes it harder to destory an enemy . Yet another improvement is the ablity to see troops even when they are behind buildings . What is more annoying than losing a troop because you can not see and/or select him ? By far the biggest advantage is treason . This technology allows you to see everything on the map and is incredibly useful . To top it all off the second version of the game includes women as well as men . Although they are in the game as peasants , they are still there despite the fact that the society at the time was mainly male dominated . The Second Age of Empires is a experience in itself , and you have never truly played a computer game until you have tried it . Without a doubt it is the best and most interesting straetgy game currently on the market .
 This is the best game I have ever played . I play it every day.My friend downloaded the demo and I thought it was fun so I got it.If you like strategy this is the game to get.The only bad thing about it is that it ` s so addicting.I think everybody should get this game
 Age of Empires 2 is a historical war game with over 10 civilisations to choose from . It comes complete with scenarios , different types of maps , ect ... * NOTE
 This game is amazing ! It is worth any money you pay for it . I give it a five star rating.Gameplay is complicated though and you may be scared by it at first , -LRB- beacause it 's so complicated -RRB- but after a while you get used to it.Even though it is rated TEEN for blood and violence I believe that the game was overated . There is only a little blood and the violence is very mild.Playing it I noticed a large flaw . You can not put your ships in position . This may seem like a small flaw but it makes it hard for you to protect demo ships and/or transport ships.Overall this game is wonderful . Get it now before it 's to late !
 Feast your eyes on the colour-filled lively textures of this brilliant strategy game . Make your brain work on it at days and nights , feel the wonderful control of the game and scream when you win . Be the master of the world and enjoy the exitement . Play it over the internet and laugh at your opponents . Loose with honour and role-play your way out of the shame.And as for the `` other people '' , there are some good cheat codes.Buy it ...
 StarCraft was a game of fast-paced , exciting strategy that came closer to perfect than any other game had approached before . Age II is better , far better , because of its easier pace , better combat , more units and technologies , and the fact that it is impossible to beat a half decent player by building a mass of one unit . The unit balance is nothing short of perfect , and the civilizations are different and many -LRB- 13 -RRB- . It is well worth the -LSB- price -RSB- .
 AOK -LRB- Age of Kings -RRB- is one of the best games I 've ever played ! AOE was good but as expected , AOK is much better . It challenges you to find your own stratiges , be a resorseful general when either outnumbered or out armed and wether to attack now or wait 'til later . The campaigns are challenging and feature heros such as William Wallace -LRB- Braveheart -RRB- and Joan of Arc and others that are intreging and inspiering . The powerful map editor let 's you make your own scenarios which can be made into your own campaigns . Add triggers like if you destroy an object , it might task an objects to attack another object . Overall it 's awsome .
 This review is really directed for those of us who consider themsleves casual gamers . Like many people , I find my time soaked up by a variety of responsibilities . As such , we may only get a few hours every so often to play a favorite computer game . If you should find yourself in this category , you should most definately consider this series -LRB- pick up the expansion pack -- well worth the money -RRB- . The game is easily learned but challenging to master . If your time is precious , it is relatively easy to return to a scenario or campaign without having to review what you have done in the past to remind yourself what you were trying to accomplish -LRB- e.g. as in a complex role-playing game -RRB- . That being said , the game is fantastic fun and a learning experience as well . It is simply the most addicting game that I have yet played . The concept of starting a civilization from scratch and building an army to conquer your foes or establishing trade routes has proved to be an absorbing experience . If you are looking to have only a few games on your shelf , this game and the expansion pack should be on the short list .
 This is a real game . If you ever get tired of a game because it 's always the same thing over and over . Well finally you have a game that never repeats itself . The random map games are never the same because they generated every time you click go . Plus there are several different ways to mix the game up and make real easy or real difficult . Trust me you will be playing this game untill your computer overheats .
 I ahve one key word for you , and that word is , `` wow '' . I have been an RTS game fanatic for many years now ... and never have I seen a game come as close to perfection as this ! Microsoft has combined the excellent interface of Age of Empires 1 and some killer graphics , new civilizations , etc. into a bestselling masterpiece . Here are some major differences
 This is the best strategy game available at present . It is better than Comand and Conquer , Red Alert , Starcraft , Warcraft , or Age of Empires . And you can play it on on-line like these other great games.Things I liked : Multi-unit production
 This game is the greatest game I have ever played . My favorite part is the campaigns - you are William Wallace , Joan of Arc , Saladin , Frederick Barbarossa , or Ghengis Khan and you play a series of scenarios based on their real life exploits -LRB- for example , in the first Joan of Arc scenario you must escort her to Chinon without her being killed by the British or the Burgundians -RRB- . Another great feature is the gate , which you can build into a wall . The gate automatically opens for you and your allies , but enemies must knock it down with their battering rams .
 First of all , I loved AOE I , and was looking very mush forward to the second comming . And WHAT a game ! Everything that you 've been scream about i all these years that where missing in RTS games is in this one . There even a button you can click to cyckle through idle villagers , and soldiers . Emsemble Studios have created -LRB- in my oppision -RRB- one of best RTS games to date.And the built-in campaigns are clever , though and lots of fun to play.Almost everything in this game is a masterstroke , although it takes cute a machine to play it . But if you have a Pentium 400 or above with a lot of ram , and a videocard -LRB- 12 md over more -RRB- there 's absolutly no problem in playing this , even in 1280 x 1024 . Buy it and be preparad to lose some time of you life , because this game is addictive .
 Age Of Empires 2 is a masterpiece . Regardless of any complaints anyone has made about this game , there is no arguing . This one of the most fun , addictive , and satisfying games ever made.You can play it for months . I played it for over a year , then came back and played it for another year . It 's probably the most addictive game I 've ever played . Not Mario , not Zelda , not the great Doom , not Quake or Half-life or Warcraft or even Grand Theft Auto has ever had me as hooked as this game . Microsoft and Ensemble Studios hit the nail on the head with AOE 2 . The sequel to Age Of Empires keeps everything that made the first one great , throws away almost everything that made it bad , and throws an amazing , revamped user interface that gives the player god-like power if used expertly.The different civilizations are fantastic . The advantages and disadvantages of each one make the game interesting and balanced , although some civilizations are better -LRB- overall -RRB- than others . I mean , really , who does n't love -LRB- and equally hate -RRB- the Longbowmen ? The War Elephants ? The Woad Raiders ? The Throwing Axeman?The units are the best part of the game . Except for the paladin and scorpion wipeout trick , the unit balance is superb . The naval battles are amazing , with fireships , ballista ships , and even ships that launch cannonballs.There are more buildings , tons more upgrades , and a brand-new unit I like to call the x-factor
 I downloaded the demo of this game because I heard it was fun . I absolutely loved it . I got into the game immediately , and have been constantly playing the full version ever since I got it . THe multiple civilizations are fascinating , and I absolutely love how the game is set up.The set up of the game is very good , and you can have up to fifteen units lined up for production , so there is no delay between unit production making for faster army manufacturing . The only thing that i wish this game had was an attack walk command like in Starcraft . If it has one , I have yet to discover it , and even if there is one , it is going to be hard to remember . So many things come into play in this game from units effectiveness against each other and buildings , height , and so on . There is no end to the fun in this game . I suggest anyone who loves realtime strategy get this game . It is better than the first one , Warcraft , Starcraft and all of the other realtime games I have ever played combined . It is worth every single penny .
 Amazing , from everything from the play balance to the graphics an unbelievable sequel to an already good game . Go out and buy this game.Highs
 I enjoy this game a little too much . I enjoy all the options that I have with which cultures I can choose from and if I want a death match or a regicide . Every culture has special units and many different landscapes that you can choose from -LRB- islands , archipelegos , etc. -RRB- . There is a history book on the game if you want to read up on every culture . I can play this game all day , because it makes me think .
 This game is an awesome demonstration of what life was like in the middle ages . The thrill of watching your small village grow into a mighty empire is very cool . The scenerios are historically accurate , fun 2 play , and most importantly , challenging yet possible . a great overall game .
 This is a review from my daughter , who plays this game all the time : ---------------------------------------------------------------- This game is so fun . I almost never get bored with it . It is not just a game that plays the same things over and over again . You do not know if you will win or lose . Not only that but the graphics are awsome and so realistic ! This probably would not be the best choice for younger kids because it is rated teen for blood and violence , but if you are allowed to play teen games I would stronglyrecommend this fun-filled game !
 This one of the best games I have ever played . I was blown away by it . The AI the grafics and the fun . You can do almost anything for farm to battle . If you like war craft or star war galactic battle grounds you will like this . This is truly the best game I have ever play .
 . I am really into strategy games and this is one of my favorites . The controls are , in my opinion , very intuitive but it helps to have the previous version of this however . Game play is solid the AI level are well set well for expert and novice alike , the online games are fairly good if you have a fast connection . My experience with this game has been and with the updates from Microsoft it has been relatively bug free with very few system crashing glitches . The graphics were and still are good but getting a bit old , if you buy new games ever year you will be able to tell the difference between the new and the old . I however have to suggest you wait and get the new AOM -LRB- Age of Mythology -RRB- instead of AOE . And if you ca n't wait then I suggest you get the expansion pack Microsoft made for it .
 I thought that Age of Empires was an extremely good game . I would have liked to name it a 41/2 star rating but the computer did n't have it.I like it because it has so many civilizations that you can play with . My favorite is the Chinese . It also has campaigns that you can do that have many famous people . There is also a map editor that allows you to make certain maps that you can play on . There are three ways to play the first is a regicide which you want to catch the king . The next is a death match which is when you have to destroy everbody and everything . The last one is campaigns which is when you have to do what the computer says . THe one bad thing about the game is that it may take a little time to understand everything . You ca n't just sit down a play easliy . I would suggest using the handbook . Overall , I would have liked to give it a 41/2 but the computer did n't have it . I also thought that it was a really good game and is definetly worth its money .
 if you are thinking about buying this for a kid do n't worry about the T For Teen rating this game is not really bloody or any of that you will learn some good history be playing the campaigns you can even make your own levels I love this game hours and hours of great game play that adluts will like to my and my sister had the time of are life playing this game !
 Age of Empires 2
 All though I have not played the original age of empires many of my friends have it ... and this game beats what they tell my by a mile ! I WAS a die hard war craft fan , but as soon as i started playing I thought '' War Craft ? what the heck is that ? '' A good feature is the many diferent civilizations each with their own unique units . there is one for every personality and playing style . BRITONS/LONG BOW MEN - CHINEESE/CHU-KU-NU - FRANKS/THROWING AXMEN - JAPANESE/SAMURI - MONGOLS/MANGUDI - PERSIONS/WAR ELEPHANT - TUTONS/TUTONIC KNIGHT - VIKINGS/LONG BOATS , BEZERKS And that is just a few ! Also the campaigns are asome ! You get to `` folow the foot steps '' of great leaders like Joan d' -LRB- of -RRB- Arc , Barbarosa , Gangis Kan , and more . Each campaign has a different style . when you think you have `` mastered '' the game go play on the net and try your luck agenst those so called `` Newbies '' who kick you ' r ** beeeeeeeeeeeep ** . You never get board of this game either . I was surprised when I first played a campaign I had my speakers cranked up to the max and my computer yelled '' watch out ! the britions are making a snieek atack ! '' The game is asome and I have been playing it for the last 6 months almost non-stop and I havent slowed , the only problem is that if you want to spring for the expan . pack you need to buy this one first or barow it from a friend .
 This game is so much better then AoE . First it has super graphics , and great gameplay . It is very replayable , b/c it comes with a random map generator . There are only a couple problems ; on my 333mgz , 32ram it gets pretty slow after you get to around 70 units . Also it can get sort of boring if you play it a lot . All in all , this game was worth its money . I suggeset that you buy it .
 Age of Empires II is a fun game , as well as educational . It 's a lot like Pharaoh and Caesar III . You take control of different armies and conquerers , such as Ghengis Khan or Barbarossa . Though it may be difficult controlling huge armies at one time , you get use to it . Age of Empires II also has a different control interface that you need to get used to
 My 9 year old grandson said this about his gift from us
 Many people will argue about which RTS game is better b/w AoE2 and StarCraft ; well , if you go for the middle ages kind of thing , this is your game . It 's very well made , and gets really addictive when you are starting to get good at it . ... go buy it and experience it .
 I have had this game since it came out and not got bored of it . I play it every day ! IF you want a game that beats all others buy this game . There are so many technologies and different units that this game is different every time u play . Three words . BUY THIS GAME
 This is a very very impressive game . It has very detailed graphics and movements , with all of the mountains and forests and rivers for scenery , and people moving about . You build up armies , get gold and food , explore places , ect . You find yourself side , by side with William Wallace and Joan of Arc . You go to far away places from Jerusalem to Scotland to China . There is always excitement and challanges , and you have to either read guidelines or develope your own tactics . At the same time , you learn history , not through school text books , but by fighting for freedom , home , or power . The story campaigns are easy to follow and each game has a goal . This game giveexpresses great dignity and honor to history and historical figures , and I 'm not kidding . What more can I say ? This great way to develope skill , have fun , and learn patriotism . Enter this game , see cool sights , build armies , and have fun !!!
 This game is all about strategy . Not like Starcraft where you just blow stuff up to win . Theres several other ways to win then just blowing stuff up . You can get all the relics and win in 300 years -LRB- 20 minutes -RRB- or build a Wonder and win in 300 years . You can get archers and slowly kill the enemy with pain or get elephants and rip the enemy apart . This game I recomend to all gamers
 I bought this game back almost a year ago and It 's still challenging me to learn more about each civilization !! I love how each civilization is historically accurate down to their researchable technologies . How each one has its own set of warriors and buildings and a different set of tech . stuff to try out and use against you opponent . . I played it over the internet witha friend while she was in Germany and it was great being able to talk and play and kill each other all at the same time !! if you 're looking for a great Thinking and strategy game this is it !! and the Multiplayer part is great too .
 Being a fan of medieval history it is enjoyable to sit down to this game . I love the unique units for each civiliazation . AE2 is a definite improvement over the first . The best being the size ratio of buildings to units and one another . The 5 campaigns featuring some of the most dynamic leaders is an added bonus . This game is a must for history buffs and fans of strategy games .
 This game is great in many ways , first of all it has great AI , unit formations , and really big buildings . If your like me you dont play online dont worry this game is great even without using the internet .
 this is the best game i 've ever played . i think the single player is good and the multiplayer is excellent . if u are a strategy game lover , i recommend this product to you here are the ups and downs of the game ups-extremely addictive , very good features , many kinds of choices , the campaign is wonderful down-when you have many units the game is very slow
 Age of Empires II is a great game and now that it is an older game the price has really dropped . I saw new copies for $ 13 !!! What a deal ! Many , many hours of play . You wo n't get boring of this game for a long , long time . Wyatt Kaldenberg
 ... I still love it ... Yep ... That long ago . I have always loved the Age of Empires series -LRB- the first game and expansion took place when the Romans were in power -RRB- and continue to just as much . I have always loved playing this single player until earlier this year I got broadband , wireless , and a shiny new laptop ... Two of my friends who also appreciate the fantabulousagant Age of Empires series come over and we play together on the LAN . Sometimes we play 2 vs. 1 , all 3 vs. the Computer -LRB- who we give an advantage ... Of course -RRB- and no matter which way we do it it is so much fun . The game includes a lot of different civilizations each with their own special unit . There are a few different game modes you can play like Conquest , King of the Hill , Wonder , and more . This is one of my favorite games and probably will continue to be until either they release a new one ... Or something ...
 This game is a great buy because unlike many other programs , you can play it over and over again without tiring of it . There are also expansion packs which is always nice because it brings new aspects to a game . Age of Empires is by far one of my favorite games ever !
 In Age of Empires
 Great game on a 1 disk . Create your own civilization . Have a blast create your own amazing town !!!
 I can not add much to what others have said , but this game is one that will be fun long after others are sitting on the shelf . It is one of the few games that I like as much as my 10 year old son . It is well worth the money .
 I can not add much to what others have said , but this game is one that will be fun long after others are sitting on the shelf . It is one of the few games that I like as much as my 10 year old son . It is well worth the money .
 The one player mode in this game is a little more fun that the starcraft , warcraft , red alert one player modes . Internet multiplayer is great . The game is deep enough to be fun and challenging , and easy enough to get good at quickly . Buy it !!
 Unlike the Civilization series Age of Empires is a real-time stragegy game , forcing you to think fast . It 's for gamers who have brains . : -RRB-
 This is one awesome addictive game . I love it . Girl or Boy . 10 or 35 . Its a great game period . The storyline kepts you playing forever and you cant stop . The graphics are fine ... they dont bother me ... I like them better than the 3rd one ... I just like them overall.This is an awesome game . Get it .
 This is an awesome game ! The graphics are extraordinary ! If you do n't buy , or at least play this game , check with your doctor ; you may have a disorder . You start out with a town center and a few villagers , after awhile , you got knights riding around wherover you go , and you got at least three castles ! You can build watch towers , houses , walls , and maybe even a wonder ! -LRB- for those of you who do n't know what a wonder is , it is a huge building where if you build it and it stands for two thousand Age of Empire years , you win ! -RRB- . All i 'm saying is you have to buy this game . It is worth every penny ! AOE !!
 There are enough rave reviews here to get the point across , so I wo n't spend too much time . This game is addictive , historically fascinating -LRB- what if William Wallace did do battle with Genghis Khan ? -RRB- , and very easy on the eyes -- the graphics are crystal clear . Just beware , you 'll start playing , and without realizing it , the hours have flown by . The game never gets boring , and offers dozens of scenarios . Personal fave
 Microsoft strikes back creating a game far better than the original Age of Empires . With all new commands including navy and military formations . All new civilizations , more upgrades , and seperate and unique upgrades and units for each civilization . A must buy for any strategy game lover .
 This is my favorite game of all time.It 's been 2 whole years playing this game and I have n't gotten tired of it , honestly.The campains are awesome , challenging , and real -LRB- except the one of Erik the Red in `` The Conquers '' expansion where it sayes he discovered North America , his son Leif Erikson did that -RRB- . You 've probably heard all the mombo jumbo about the civs and campains , so I wo n't get into that.So anyway , the bottom line is that I would buy this game right now , explore what it has to offer , spend time on this until you finnally get bored -LRB- which could be until you die -RRB- , THEN buy the expansion , it adds so much great stuff.Oh , by the way if your not sure what to get `` Empire Earth '' or this , get this , although EE has more units and ages I say QUILITY OVER QUINITY -LRB- i hope thats how you spell it -RRB- . Meaning AGE OF EMPIRES is better .
 I think of this game as the ultimate toy soldier set that you dreamed of as a kid - only the toys are alive and intelligent . I 've literally spent hundreds of hours playing this game , including more all nighters than I care to admit . If you are a military buff this game can become addictive . You can build whole empires here - either from scratch from the stone age , or with fully developed high middle ages technology -LRB- which includes gunpowder weapontry . -RRB- You have to build up the infrastructure for your empire including farms , fisheries , mines , and timber . Then you have to build workshops and training schools . Only then can you concentrate on the right mix of cavalry , infantry , archers , and artillery . Just the complexity of the castles and walled towns you can build is fascinating . Yet it is never tedious , you really get a feeling that you are actually building up an empire - your empire for your subjects . And every single individual unit is fully and believably animated . A major advantage of Age of Kings over the earlier Age of Empires is that you can order your fighting units into set formations like squares and lines , instead of just sending a mob into battle . The interface here is unbelievable - the `` giant '' map actually has the feel of a huge extent of territory - enough for a kingdom or an empire . I prefer this as a single player game - the program is smart and relentless enough to keep you constantly on your toes . Just try playing against 7 to 1 odds with no allies if you do n't believe me ...
 Age of the Empire
 This is the best strategy/action game ever ! I 'm happy with this purchase . I 've owned this title for almost a year now and I still enjoy playing the game . You ca n't say that for many other games . You wo n't regret buying this . If you can , get the bundled version that includes this game along with the other Age of Empires titles . Oh BTW , my kids really like this game . This is their # 1 game as well . With the shelf full of games that they have , they always go for this one ! You ca n't go wrong on this one .
 This game is amazing . Its graphics are amazing and the AI is too . I used to hate strategy games of any kind . I have had AOE 2 for about a half a year and I still do not get bored of it . I have played other real time strategy games such as command and conquer , but none of them are comparable to AOE 2 . It is very historically accurate , but the game designers have done this in a way that makes real history interesting . This game has opened up a whole new world for me . I now read history books for fun . The story telling in this game is also very good . It keeps you in the scenario as if you were right there in the action . You can win this game a million different ways . You can be a peaceful , artistic ruler with wonders -LRB- amazing buildings with amazing graphics -RRB- set up , or you can be ruthless conqueror , pillaging the countryside and killing everyone in sight . I can not say enough about this game . I highly reccomend it .
 I love Age of Empires 2 . It is a warfare game mixed with a little bit of strategy , and a great base . The building selection is huge to say the least . It also mixes some historical features into the game , such as leading Joan of Arc to her fame . You are able to pick from 12 different civilizations , British , Chinese and many more . Another good point of this game is that every civilization has their own unique unit to recruit . The gameplay is great . Keeps me playing for hours . Graphics are nice . No drawbacks to this game , that 's why I gave it five stars .
 I had been a die-hard fan of AOE for about a year and a half before AOE2 hit the shelves . I did n't pick it up until about March but I loved this one twice as much as the first and here 's why
 For those who feel that this game lacks a depth and is not a significant improvement over age I , I must emphatically disagree . The diversity of units , their strengths and most importantly their vulnerabilities , make strategic considerations very important . Even the weakest of units , the peasant , can become an effective defender when garrisioned in a building . Buildings are harder to knock down , and the ability to garrison missile troops and peasants within them make the importance of well planned and diversely equipped invasion forces critical . A force of infantry that is not supported by siege engines will eventually run out of steam when faced with fortified castles and garrisioned town centers . Cavalry raiders can be effectively crushed by cheaper pikemen and camels . Armies made excusively of expensive missile troops can be completely smashed by a single shot from a catapult , or by relatively cheap groups of skirmishers and light cavalry . The effectiveness of countering strategies makes a planned assault and defense critical to game success.Control of your military units is far more refined than the mob mentality that prevailed in age I . The addition of easy to use formations makes marching multiple unit types -LRB- cavalry and archers , for example -RRB- far simpler to manage . And the ability to set stances -LRB- defensive , aggressive , no attack -RRB- prevents your units from fervently pursuing villagers across the map , or attacking things that they can not hope to destroy . Add features like patrol routes and guarding , and one can easily see that this game is not just a matter of building more units than the other guy -LRB- though that certainly helps ! -RRB- The path finding is also VASTLY improved ... As for the visual and auditory , the attention to detail is simply astounding . Individual villagers of each culture speak in the native language of their civilization . Architectural styles are beautifully rendered , and buildings appear to scale with the units around them . The landscapes are lush and atmospheric , as is the local plant and marine life . The game is simply gorgeous , a pleasure to look at and listen to.Only a few complaints . Managing farms and automating villager functions is still a hassle . Naval combat , while impressive to behold , is not much different from the disorganized mess it was in age I . The formation improvements used in land combat were not applied to ships for some inexplicable reason . And it sure would be nice to be able to automate the attack-and-retreat tactics that come so naturally to horse archers.Still , most of my gripes were minor . Overall , I am completely impressed with the game , and plan to play well into the next age ...
 Amazing Game ! Keeps me awake in class . To those complaining about being unable to keep up with the computer because it can fight while simultaneously building more troops and its economy -- here is the solution . Use F3 to pause the game and then direct your troops/buildings/villagers to their tasks at your leisure . Then unpause the game and let them go to work . This takes away a lot of the anxiety and time frustration of trying to be 4 places at once . It also makes it possible to take notes occasionally .
 I 'll be honest and say AOE II is hard , but hello , if it was easy what fun would it be ? When compared to AOE I it is simply amazing . The Graphics are better , the computer does n't suck , villagers do n't get stuck in trees , resources are more plentiful , the maximum population is higher , and everything is bigger . Some people with smaller monitors may complain about the large buildings but at 1028x768 they 're small enough for me . The addition of battle formations is also welcomed . But as with all strategy games , strategy is most important . No longer can players simply wipe out an oppenent with 20 phalanxes , you must , gasp , actually combine arms to best protect valueable seige weapons , destroy buildings with tons of hit points , and succesfully keep your troops healed . NOW , as for the games difficulty . If your a wuss or down right suck , this game is not for you . The computer is good , agressive , and fast , but certainly not impossible . I can beat two computer oppenents on easy in about and hour and a half . Moderate takes about twice the time or even longer . On easiest , however , the computer is incredibly easy , even my little sister can beat it . Overall if you can click a mouse and want a game that takes for an hour to a whole day get AOE II and get it now before you forget.And by the way , if you think its to hard , your wrong . Its just what REAL gamers have been looking for .
 For my money , this is the finest strategy game on the market . The balance of the various kingdoms is far better than in the original , with all empires having serious strengths and equally devastating weaknesses . One must learn the value of combining force types into effective mixtures of defense and offensive units to even have a chance at success . The serious player will probably take something on the order of a year to master the game , because the complexity level is so high.The campaigns on this sequel are of a much hgiher caliber than those on the orignal , so single-player use is very much improved . In fact , the campaigns are actually historically accurate , unlike those in AOE . Indeed , the historical section on the CD is fascinating reading in and of itself , and will please those who love the time period , as well as the tactical problems involved.AOK 's real strength , though , is like that of its predecessor
 AOE II has been rated by numerous gaming magazines and online reviewers as one of the top five strategy games of all time . I have to wholeheartedly agree . The improvements over the original AOE are too numerous to count . If you like strategy games and you have never played AOE , push the ADD TO SHOPPING CART button right now . Do n't even wait to finish reading this.This game has everything you could ever hope for in a strategy game . You must manage resources of your civilization , research new technology , build defenses , and maintain diplomatic relations with other computer/real players , all while trying to avoid annihilation . This is a real time game rather than turn based , so even on the slowest speed it is sometimes wonderfully maddening to try to keep track of it all.The setup allows you numerous options . You can start with allies or solo . There are various levels of difficulty and options for map size , number of opponents , type of terrain , etc. . Each civilization has different characteristics and you can choose which ones you want to play against or randomize it . If you just want a short game , you can play for a certain amount of time with the highest score at the end of that time declared the winner . The difficulty levels allow for a challenge game at any level of expertise with the hardest level being impossible -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . The game also includes various scenarios you can play.This game does n't get boring . Once you find your level , you can expect a challenging game each time . You might beat it one time and get eliminated the next . A strategy that works in one game fails in the next . You have to reinvent your strategies to adapt to the situations as they arise . Each game is different.I rate this game a 10/10 . It is utterly addictive . I recommend it highly . If you already have the game , look into AOE II
 ` Age of Empires II ' has been named on many many PC top ten lists , and for good reason too ! Simply put , this is just an amazingly fun and interesting game . ` Age of Empires II ' will take your breath away , it 's a must own for any PC gamer , or even someone who 's never played a computer game ! Anyone will love this.There are many levels of difficulty , which is excellent . Once you master one level or strategy , you can change the settings -LRB- and certain characteristics in the game , such as what type of terrain you get , which makes all the difference -RRB- . You must manage any one of thirteen civilizations , ranging from the Turks to the Vikings . Each civilization has it 's own unique benefits and drawbacks and their own style of buildings and armies . You collect natural resources , advance through ages by meeting requirments in your stockpiles , create workers , explore , conquer , build an army , make allies , engage in trade and battle , and so much more ! The graphics are some of the best I 've seen in a strategy game and always keep you involved with the game.You can also choose certain types of games . A campaign game involves a certain sort of goal -LRB- like escorting Joan of Arc to the king -RRB- . Their is a death match game , where you duke it out with other empires , and so much more . There is a delightful training game which involves the famous William Wallace teaching you the basics of the game , I found this to be extremely helpful .
 AOE2 is simply amazing ... I 've never played AOE1 so I ca n't make any comparisons , but look -- AOE2 beats out much of the great RTS games -LRB- including my favorite game Starcraft -RRB- by including 13 civilizations with infantry , cavalry , archery , naval units , siege weapons ... and all kinds of defense measures , including all-mighty castles and bombard towers . The diversity of units might be less than some widely popular games , but you can understand and feel every single part of this game . Upgrades from Cavaliers to Paladins and Archers to Crossbowmen make sense -- they are n't just words from nowhere . And if you 're looking for a great campaign game , this is it -- there are carefully made videos and sounds -LRB- just as starcraft -RRB- for the campaigns , and I especially enjoy the diversity of these one player missions . The 1st Mongolian mission was very interesting , requiring you to befriend the different tribes by bringing them sheep , killing the wolf pack , founding the sacred relic , etc. . I also liked how this game handled commerce . There are a variety of types of resources -LRB- gold , stone , food , and wood to be precise -RRB- and you can build trading carts to earn gold by trading with other players , pay tribute , etc. etc. . This game is simply a must-buy ... it 's worth every penny .
 This game is extraordinary ! Beautifully rendered 3d graphics -LRB- for a game with the same overhead view as C&C
 In a nutshell
 This game is no doubt the best game I have seen in my life . Other games seem obsolete . I applaud Microsoft for thier achievment . All the way from the production queuqe to the wonderful graphics - AOK is so addicting that I play it for hours on end . It is so much more versitile than AOE1 . The online playing is wonderful - with taunts - this is a side of MS that i have never seen .
 This game is like warcraft but more realistic . All the units but one has normal human powers and there are a wide selection of units and buildings to select from . One of the neat things this game has is that if a unit in behind a building of tree you can still see his outline . The only negative I have is I think the game needs more buildings and better missions .
 At least for those who like Strategy War Games.Age of Kings does a better job than the original Age of Empires at landscapes , buildings , characters , and more . The battles seem to flow better , and the time does as well.The game does seem to drag at times , especially when you start getting used to the beginning `` province '' kind of stuff , but that 's something you can say about most other strategy games.I suggest it for those who think they can beat it -LRB- I have n't yet -RRB-
 This is the best real time strategy game that you 'll find , you can enjoy it since you open the box , reading the stories of the civilizations , the origin of the weapons , etc. ... The best .
 I really love this game . Other games like Civilization just ca n't compete with it . There are some flaws , like sometimes you ca n't play senarios because before you can do anything , it says you lost . And sometimes it wont let you play on the internet , but all you need to do is restart the game , and its up and running . The interface is beutifuly set up , and is surprizingly easy to play , if not easy to win at . It is overall an aewsome game .
 I must say that this game is the best game I have ever played . I bought this game a year ago and I have been getting better and better ever since . For those of you who dont know , Age of Empires 2
 I first got age of empires 2 on the day it came out and i have not stopped playing it ever since . Some games i have forgotton about but this one has kept me busy . I was creamed on the second level and then i had to ajust my strategy and now i am on level 3 . This game is the best game i have played YET ! I really suggest buying it .
 I 'm bad at most games . I mean that I 'm not as good as most of the people that I 've played with on-line ; with the exception of sports games . I was really leary of buying this game because I 'd never played one of this ilk before , and the term `` turn based game '' did n't sound all that great to me . Of course , I have come to find out that this is n't a turn based game . When I first played AOK I was terrible -LRB- even on easiest setting . -RRB- But now , with a little practice , I 'm actually pretty good at it . Not great -LRB- yet -RRB- but pretty good . If you are just getting involved with `` Strategy '' games I would highly recommend this title . It 's just plain fun . I put the game on the `` slow '' setting so that I can experience all the graphics and sounds that it has to offer . this also helps in situations where you 're not ready for an attack and you need time to think . Anyway , that 's my two cents . This is the best game that I 've ever played !
 In this game you are the King of middle age sociitys and your goal is to conqur foreign lands . There are many armed units at your didposal such as knghts cross bowmen and many that come only with certin civilizatiopns . Such as the British LONGBOWMEN . Also you getto use many ships and seige weapons .
 I ca n't believe it . The original AOE was good but Microsoft Games followed up with Age of Empires 2
 This is a very intense game in which you gather resources , food -LRB- farms , hunting , fishing -RRB- , wood , stone and gold . Use them wisely to advance through one of thirteen civilizations . Each of those civilizations has their own unique abilities making replay almost endless ... not to mention the random map generator and a wide variety of maps to choose from . The graphics are great too ! You should see the castles and the wonders ... very nice . Although there are five great campaigns to choose from , ranging from trainer to very difficult , this game really shines in multiplayer . When you feel that you know it all , go online and take on some HUMAN players ... it gets tough ! My advice is to get an ally quick if you want to survive . good luck ! -LRB- victor36 -RRB-
 I admit , AOE is now kind of an oldie , but it 's still a fun game . I played Age of Mythology in a store once , but I still like this one better . Granted , there are some annoying aspects to Kings , such as replanting farms one at a time . Also , if you use a group of villagers to do a task , you have click each one at a time to spread them out . The Conquerors expansion corrects all this -LRB- see my review -RRB- . You can get both Kings and Conqs in the Gold Edition . The games are old enough that they should work on just about every computer . For parents , the blood and gore is so miniscule it 's nothing to worry about . This is an easy game to learn , and a fun one to play . Check it out !
 I stumbled upon this game about a year or two ago and I strongly recommend it even if you have never experienced a strategy type of game.You are the unseen ruler of one of 13 uinque ancient civilizations . Your objective is to either strive to conquer with a strong military , find and bank three religious relics , or build a wonder to increase the prestige of your civilization . Each time you play you can pick which civ . you want to be , what civ . your enemies and allies are , what objective you are to meet , the difficulty level , the location of your game , how many resources you start out with , and what age -LRB- Dark , Feudal , Feudal , Castle , Umperial -RRB- your civ will begin in . Oh , and do n't forget about your population limit!But do n't think accomplishing this is so easy . Everything has a price to pay in this game and without a large team of villagers to boost the economy , your civilization will not last for long . Even so , a strong , loyal miltary is also needed to defend and protect you at all times . And do n't forget , each time you play , more suprises await you.Hold your breath there 's more ! Along with a general `` Random Map '' mode comes a few very exciting campaigns where you become Jonah of Arc , Barbarossa , Genghis Khan , William Wallace and more.Oh , boy ... more ! Although I never have gotten into creating and editing my own scenarios and custom campaigns , that doesnt mean you wo n't . Taht 's right , along with everything else comes a unique feature which allows you to edit pre-made scenarios or cr eate your own.And ... if this is your first time with a strategy game a strongly advise you to play the tutorial which -LRB- gasp -RRB- comes along with the game as well . Keep in mind though that each civilization has it 's own pros and cons and each civ . comes with its own unique military unit.And if all of this just is n't enough for you ... THAN BUY THE EXPANSION PACK !
 It gives you totall controll of everything . It is awsome destroying your enemies . If you dont have this game its a must have .
 I 'm not sure if there 's a point adding onto the deluge of positive reviews , it 's just that this game really does deserve all of the adulation . The original Age of Empires was a bland , banal piece of drudgery ; however my opinion of everything Microsoft was turned on its ear when I first saw this sequel in action.It 's not so much that Age of Kings creates or even reinvents a genre . It 's just happens to be the first product of its particular genre that does it right . I would n't be surprised if this product was the result of programmers using a checklist of requests given by Real Time Strategy game players . Just about all of the annoying `` I wish the program would just understand and do it this way without me having to do everything manually '' - type problems of RTS games have been eliminated . For example , the fact that my dozens of little soldiers can now actually stay in formation and follow my exquisite battle plans -LRB- instead of charging off willy-nilly to perish -RRB- was worth the purchase price alone.That said , the few criticisms previous reviewers shared are mostly true . The AI is none too impressive -LRB- perplexing sometimes , who builds an army consisting solely of battering rams ? -RRB- , the scenarios can become tedious , the strategic depth does n't compete with the better Turn Based Strategy games , etc. . However , all of these complaints are universally applicable to all RTS games . And I do take issue with those who fault its replay value . I 've already spent more time on the Random Map feature of this game than is healthy . Age of Kings is quite simply the best of its species.Oh , and if you plan on engaging foes online - be prepared ; online gamers are rude and ruthless to begin with , and Age of Kings players even more so .
 this is an awesome game.its really fun to play.you get to choose the civilization you are , build up an empire , and destroy your enemies.it is really fun to let your tiny village grow into a vast empire.each of the 13 civilizations has special units like teutonic knights , war elephants and mangudai.im under 13 and i have no clue why its rated teen.you can use your villagers to make tons of buildings where you can research technologies , and it lets you upgrade and things like , cannon galleons , bombard towers , and champion infantry . this game is also awesome because you can play multiplayer and read about each civilization.THIS GAME IS SO INCREDIBLY AWESOME !!!!!!!! SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR !!!??? GO OUT AND GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!
 Age of Empires II definetely executes the sole purpose of simulating an upbringing of a middle-age civilisation . It has excellent quality sound , as every civilisation has their own unique language . For example , if you tell a villager to chop wood , they will say something and this game has great effects when it comes to war . When archers shoot arrows , or when bombard towers shoot canons , or when a ship shoots a canon-ball that lands in the water -LRB- kerplunk -RRB- . There are up to 13 civilisations , all with their own UNIQUE units . There is some twist to this game with military units . Certain units have special stregth against others . For example , pikeman are excellent against any cavalry , especially elephants . There is NO civilisation that has an advantage over ALL the others . You can create stylish-buldings such as Castles , Universites , Monestaries , Stables , Blacksmiths , WONDERS -LRB- Very Neat -RRB- and MANY others . Units consist of Pikeman , Paladins , unique units -LRB- Woad Raiders , Cho KU NU , Samurai etc. -RRB- , monks , and SO MANY more . And each civilisation has their own unique architecture style and wonder . Very good factor of this game that captures the eye.Aoe2 is very easy to pick up , although it may seem complicated at first with so many different building options and other strange buttons . But AOE2 definetly fixes that with a Learning Campaign that definetely can make you an Intermediate player in an hour or so.Multiplayer on the MSN Gaming Zone , is excellent . You can chat with your opponents , and it supports up to 8 people from anywhere in the world . Fascinating . If you want to get good FAST , I suggest learning from your opponents here.All in all , AOE2 is a great-game for a person with excellent war-strategy mind , and love for history as Age of Kings gives accurate history as well . Do you have what it takes to bring your civilisation to the top ?
 I spewed my guts out on Age of the Empire 's one . It was one of my greatest disappointments . I had hoped it was better than warcraft or starcraft but I was gravely disappointed . What a complete clone . That was why I was so relieved to see that empire 2 finally went where empire one should have gone the first time . How utterly sad that MS could not see it in thier heart to combine the games so that at least empire one would have been a little more tolerable . Oh , well . With empire 2 you finally get unique units for every given nationality and much cooler siege and ocean fairing units . Those large balistic artillery , that act like a cross between a catapult and a howizter make this a keeper . You had better have enough ram though . This one spells honkin pentium big time . Still lots of strategic fun for the little meglo maniac in your family .
 AOE2 is one of the best on its genre , still is so damn popular on the multizone , no matter if you play the solo missions or the standard games you will get a thrill . As always it 's an excellent companion to many of our `` lonely nights '' . Maybe the only thing is on the multiplayer option which is sometimes a little bit complicated . Anyway , this game is a must for your collection .
 If you 've ever fancied yourself as William Wallace or have a carefully hidden Attila the Hun fantasy this game is for you . I 've had the game for several months and I 've had loads of fun conquering the world . The graphics are great , the units are interesting and fun to watch and the game play is well paced.However , despite these great pros AOK suffers from some minor cons . Those of you who wish to test your battle strategies in the dead of winter will be disappointed . Seasons do n't exist in the world of AOK . You 'll charge into battle around midday in the middle of summer ... always . The trees your villagers cut down do n't grow back and the animals you kill do n't reappear . In short the world of AOK while populated with living creatures still some how seems flat.Minor cons ? Yes . What would I have preferred ? More headaches , more problems . In many instances all I had to do was gather enough resources to defend myself from my `` external '' enemies . What about the internal threats ? Civil unrest , or natural disasters . Hmmmm . Fortunately the upcoming Age of Mythology appears to have fixed a few of these minor cons.Summary : Buy the game . You 'll enjoy it . I did .
 The first time I came into contact with the original AOE I was hooked permanately . So one day I got fed up with all my other games and was browsing when low and behold I saw it , shining like some knight in in armor to get rid of my boredom , by the way there was a knight on the cover , which might explain the picture in my mind . Anyways I managed to get the nessacary $ ... bucks -LSB- hey i 'm 13 and do n't get allowance and hardly any paying jobs so that says alot for the attraction I had -RSB- and installed it on my ancient pentium . it worked but just barely so i ended up playing the game in the lowest quality graphics and the screen skipping everey 5 seconds or so . I loved it i finnally beat the game and resolved to put the game away but i just could n't do it the regicide and random map games kept me comin ' back for more . one year later i and i 'm still enjoyin ' th e darn thing . the graphics are superb and the sound is also excellent . the missions are appropiatly hard and enjoyable . overall the game is worth every cent .
 This is a much better upgrade and a very robust game . For all the players who might have enjoyed AOE 's later concepts this is going to be an another great boon for them . Poeple interested in knowing some hsitory may also look up at this game and be proud to play `` Historic characters '' and can change HISTORY . As a whole this is a terrific game with some purpose .
 When i first played Age of empires i knew the 2nd one would be a hell of alot better than the first . It was so much better . The resolution was better , the castle age and imperial age are an excellent add on . -LRB- The dark age and fudel are just like the ones in age of empires 1 . -RRB- The new weapons , buildings , castles are my favorite . This game has no end to the limits . Multiplayer is so much fun except when there is lag . This game deserves to be honored with 4 stars because of its authentic gameplay .
 Age Of Empires 2 is where you get to battle against 1-11 other civilitions , including the Vikings , Chinese , Mongols , and tons more . You have 10,000 years to lead your `` team '' to lead Rome . It comes with a Inside Moves Book . You gat to have allys if you want to . You are the King , and you can die or survie . I reccomend this game .
 The mother of all good games has given birth to yet another beautifully done game.AOEII is what one could call the prime example of its genre . Most RTS 's force you to ... your oppenent with bigger guns , but in AOEII that is not the case . Military is simply a defense , and in times of need , an army for war . The various paths and civilizations make you all warm and comfy.The first thing you are greeted with is a beautiful cinematic from yours truly , Microsoft Games . Then there 's the multitude of campaigns , all of which were done excellently . The engine is a truly refined version of ye old AOEI . Formations for your men -LRB- and women -RRB- is a great new thing that adds some strategy to your game , and the new game options are just terrific.My true favorite is Regicide , in which each player has a King character and the last one standing wins . Sometimes when others destroy my entire civilization I like to hide my King in the forests , just for time.AOEII is definetely an enjoyable game , instead of wasting $ 20 on Starcraft , spend it on this better game .
 Age of Empires Two is a wonderful game filled with adventure , suprises , but above all stratgey . You could quest into a random map game with a goal to conqure . Or journey into a redacide game where your king must be kept alive at all costs . But finaly , in possibly the most creative action in gaming history , you can command Joan of Arc in her quest for France , Gengis Kann for China , or Saladin and his Arabian battles . Age of Empires Two is possibly the best game of all time and deservies an admarable five stars !
 Age of Empires II has a particular strength
 Each day , I would play this game for hours . This game is my favortie game ever . Here are the advantages :1 . Although graphics are n't important , they made the graphics in the game better than the first one .2 . I think this game is better than the first one , because in the FIRST one , they had no unique unit , I think that the unique units are awesome and creative idea .3 . Each CIV is really different .4 . Multiplayer games are the highlight . But facing the computer is always cool too ! 5 . This game keeps you entertained , there are so many things you have to do in the game . I 've been playing this game for about 1 month and a half or so -LRB- maybe 2 -RRB- and Im still a rookie .6 . The manual is very helpful and educational but very fun to read . It tells you about each CIV -LRB- civilization -RRB- and each unit , building , technology , unit 's strengths and weaknesses , etc. 7 . Loss of sleep is the only disadvantage !!! 8 . I reccomend this game , just dont play it too much , your family will get annoyed !!!
 this game is amazingly good.There are many scenario 's and campaigns , in fact you could even make up your own . Even better there 's heros such as William Wallace , Joan of Arc , and Genghis Khan . I find it fun sometimes to just make duplicates and have them fight each other to death to see who 's the strongest team of the bunch . There 's even specialties for each civilization e.g. . If you want to be the Vikings , your ships will cost 20 % less wood.there are many other things to such as a William Wallice Learning Campaign for learners -LRB- me and my dad were one of them but I 'm not anymore -RRB- it helps you learn the game and once you finish it , it 's as if it 's as simple as putting your left arm up and saying the pledge of alliegiance . -LRB- unless your arm 's broken or you dont know dat pledge -RRB- I hope you will find this review very helpful and choose to bye this game .
 I have to admit , the original game did n't really impress me all that much . So I was n't holding out very high hopes for the sequel . So you can imagine my stunned surprise when I found out that Age of Empires 2 -LRB- AOE2 -RRB- was a surprisingly good game.The biggest improvement in the game was the user interface . I think AOE2 has the most advanced user interface ever introduced in a real-time strategy game . It makes it extremely easy to control the formation and behaviour of your troops , and queing units is a snap.The second strength is the AI , which -LRB- along with Dark Reign -RRB- is the most complex in any game to-date . The AI will respond to attacks on its own bases , and it will send large strike forces against your armies.However , AOE2 's greatest weakness is its lack of a cohesive single-player campaign . Instead of a series of missions linked with a cohesive storyline , you have several separate campaigns , each centering around a different empire . So the missions are more like skirmishes than really cohesive campaigns . Regrettably , Starcraft is still the king when it comes to single-player campaigns.For the above stated reason , I must remove one star . Other than that , AOE2 is a game every discerning computer strategy gamer should have on their PC .
 This is the first game like this that I 've played and I 'm totally thrilled with it ! We also have the Age of Empires Gold Edition , but I like AoK much better . I 'm still on the `` easiest '' setting , but I 've been victorius twice . This is very engrossing and time literally flies by when playing it .
 I really do n't like real time strategy games . Ok , I did play Warcraft 2 for a while , but still ... Untill now , now that I 've played Age of Empires II ! It 's highly addictive and it 's so much fun espacially when played against friend or collegues . At least try it , you 'll like it
 This game is amazing and it has all the features that I need in order to practice programming .
 It 's a LOT like the first game , which was great . But I would have preferred if we had been given more technologies to research . All the discovery seems to be over a bit too quick before each game boils down to the standard ` smash the enemy to pieces ' part . In this respect it game become quite repetitive , especially when you consider how long it takes to get a good game going . The only alternative is to try out different civilisations . And only then it 's just the architecture that 's different.I do like this game a lot but I just wish for a bit more diversity and more surprises in the next one -LRB- as in Age of Empires 3 , not Age of Mythology -RRB- . I 've not played the expansion pack yet but if it gives us more to work with then I 'll definitely check it out .
 Wow ! This game is really improved over the first one . I can not believe how fun and interesting this game is . This game is extremely fun and the graphics rock ! Anyway below are my ratings of the game.Graphics
 Just as you think that 's the last time `` Micosoft makes AoE but wait , here comes AoE2 . The campigns are neat because you could beheros like Genghis Khan , Joan of Arc , and more . You can also makeyour own maps . In a Random map game you win by getting all relics , construcing a wonder that stands for 200 years , and conquer all enemys . In a Reicide you had to kill you enemys king.In a Death Match you have lots of wood , food , gold , and stone . You make an army and then fight to the death . Genghis Khan 's real name is Temujin . If you want to make your empire the most powerful , you need resoures , find your idle villagers and send them mining stone and gold , gathering sheep , choping wood , fix all the damage your enemy has caused , buildingarmy to defend . Its a war-type game . TRY IT !
 this is good game . Some people compare this game to Empire Earth . come on ! desinger of Age of empire 1 made that game so it has to have improvement . I think aoe2 is good game and good game play . they need to work on graphic little but other then that everything is fine.so do n't refuse to buy this game . i like games that made by microsoft personally .
 this game ruls ! if you dont have it get it now!i think the gameplay is outstanding ! not somthing to pass up!in short this is a good game
 This game let 's you make your own civilization where you control them and what they do . You can fight battles you have to try and protect U 're king.It 's pretty fun I 'd give it a 4/5 .
 This is the greatest game ever on PC ! Age of Kings blows Starcraft , Warcraft , Command and Conquer , etc. away ! nothing compares . I like Starcraft , warcraft , and all those games , but they 're nothing like Age of Kings .
 All I can say about this game is that it is way beter than the first one and it the best simulation of a war game I have ever played . You learn about the middel ages and have fun the whole time it educationaly cool and stratigicly awsom the war sim is great two hands up and a standig ovation cool graphics to
 THIS GAME REALLY PULLS YOU IN AND NEVER LETS GO!THE GRAPHICS ARE INCREDIBLE , THE WHOLE GAME IS JUST AMAZING.YOU ARE ABLE TO CHOOSE WHERE IN THE WORLD YOU WISH TO BE , WHO YOU WANT TO BE , AND WHAT YOU WANT TO BUILD , AND WHERE YOU WANT TO BUILD IT.AWESOME !
 This game was definitely it until I played Empire Earth . Empire Earth is more of an upgrade with bells and whistles of the original Age of Empires . But before Empire Earth , this game was it !
 Age of Empires is one of the best games off all time . You can be one of 13 civilizations all with diffrent advanges and disadvanges . There are many diffrent units and with diffrent civs you can get diffrent units . The game has many advantages over age of empires one the biggest being that your population limit is now 200 . As an added bounus the playing online is great . This game in increadable and a must have
 Will I do n't own the game but my friend does and we play it every chance we get when we can find the cd . are favorite age is the Castle Age with the War and Elite War Elephents .
 Age of Empires two is one tight game . PERSONALLY , I Bought it for the History Lessons . They 're pretty tight . But Seriously folks , seriously , it 's a great game and anyone in their right mind should by it right now . ALSO , I bought it for the SKIRMISHING options . Geez , they 're TIGHT like me .
 these are the best planes that i have found for cfs . they are better than abacus .
 Some of the nicest retail aircraft for CFS available . The P-38 and P-51B are especially nice .
 I like anyone who likes the P-38 and the P-51B . It would be nicer if it had the P-61 .
 What was the first 3D , first-person shooter ? A lot of people today would say Doom . A few who are a bit more in the know would tell you it was Wolfenstein 3D . Almost nobody would say anything about Ultima Underworld.This game hit the shelves shortly before Wolfenstein 3D . -LRB- An early demo , in fact , was an inspiration for that game . -RRB- When you compare the two , you will be amazed . Although primitive by today 's standards , the graphics and mapping are amazing . This game is superior in every way to its better known contemporary . You face a greater variety of foes , have more available weapons -LRB- and modes of attack -RRB- and have an opportunity to develop your skills as you progress . The game environment itself is vastly different , the walls are textured and curve -LRB- as opposed to flat and blocky -RRB- . You can swim , run and jump . You can also interact with various items in a way not available in Wolfenstein.Another major difference between the two is that this game has a storyline . Although it is only marginally related to the main series , you play the Avatar of Virtue , hero of the original Ultima series . You are on a quest to rescue a damsel in distress , save the world from an indestructible demon and prove your innocence in the process.You explore a seven level dungeon and interact with a variety of characters -- most of them friendly . In your quest you must collect several powerful magical artifacts , some made for you and some incidentally useful . The backstory is fascinating in itself , as you learn about how the Abyss was populated and the groups fractured into warring factions.There are also a couple of amusing Easter eggs planted throughout the game , the most interesting of which caught me totally off guard.Although the game engine and graphics are , as I said , primitive by today 's standards , this game has worn well . Since it has a lot more to offer than point-and-shoot , let 's - spray-some-blood , violence , aging graphics can not undo the charm and interest of this game.Try it out for yourself , you 'll be pleasantly surprised .
 Lo and Behold Guys ~ Ultima Underworld series are wonderful stuff.Yes . . This is old game . However , This one is better than Starwars online in some case.It shows what real dungeon is . real Adventure.Try Try !!
 Guilty Gear has been spectacular since the first!Enhnced graphics thansk to the Ps2 has brought out hte addrenalin pumping heavey metal and the fast pace insanely combos and destroy moves!ALONG with its beautifully hand drawn graphics , other fighting games look liek squat . .
 Well , only if you like 2D ... But if you do , this is King -LRB- the only other one being Capcom vs. SNK 2 , which is good but not great - I much prefer the first installment . And then there 's Street Fighter EX 3 , which is just okay -RRB- . Gameplay falls somewhere between the Capcom Versus -LRB- Marvel -RRB- games and SNK 's Samurai Shodown series , but it 's much more responsive than the latter and less chaotic than the former . It actually reminds one of Pocket Fighter , with the Slash and Super Slash attacks corresponding to the Special button of Capcom 's cute kids fighter ... Also , there are silver and gold medals for you to collect , much like the jewels in Pocket Fighter . This opens up new levels of gameplay in 2-player mode as both players go out of their way to try for the hi-score . The graphics are top-notch , this being the first fully hi-res 2D fighting game on the market . The backgrounds are beautiful , and the animation 's amazingly fluent - move over SF3 ! There 's also some great music with about 30 heavy metal tracks you 'll want to play on your stereo just for the hell of it . The sound effects are groovy with the sound of crackling fire when performing a Dragon Punch - and how the lava flows around your hands when you do so ! This is truly a show-case game , proving that the PS2 is not necessarily a 3D console at all.The only drawback is that the Japanese have two more secret fighters to unlock than us , it being released over there later , so if you want the most value for your money you have to go out and buy the import version . But there 's still the two bosses , Dizzy and Testament , to gain control of , and in two player mode , the replay value is virtually endless . Also , completing the game with all characters on every difficulty level is not something to be done overnight , either . So if you 're into 2D , and you 're looking for an original fighting game that provides a real challenge , Guilty Gear X is just the one for you .
 This game owns me . It 's fast-paced and the combos are completely UNSANE ! THAT 'S RIGHT , UNSANE ! The only drawback is that it has no endings . The characters are funny and the action is sick . Ever wanted to be a 5 ' 3 '' little girl capable of weilding a 700 lb . boat anchor or a faceless assassin with a magic pool stick ? If so , this game is your sick , twisted nightmare come true.Sit down , plug in , shut up and play . Guilty Gear X is the classic for the millineum , ...
 The most imaginative and enjoyable 2D fighting game I have ever played . I usually do n't buy fighting games because they can get so tedious , but Guilty Gear X offers characters that differ significantly from one another in such a way that the fighting never gets dull . Anime fans will enjoy this game for its rich and colorful artwork , as well as the amusing animations .
 This game is awesome I do n't know if its better than Capcom Vs. SNK or not but I like it . I love the recover function , which allowes you to counter atack after a big hit . I do n't like the instant kill moves , they should get rid of them , its too much like cheating . The animation moves verry fast and the gameplay is in my opinion the best ever for a 2D fighter . I wish they had a little more characters , I think there is something like 14 characters with 2 hidden characters . When the next Guilty Gear comes out I will be first in line to pick it up .
 When I first heard the words ... Guilty Gear X , I just shrugged . The name really didnt catch my ear . At first I thought it was to be some sort of RPG that had to deal with mechs and so forth . But after we got hold of a copy , I couldnt put it down . If your a fan of anime , the style of graphics will dazzle you . The attacks are confusing at first , but it doesnt take long to master a character . And the characters are proportioned to their size . Take Potemkin for example . He is massive !!! He cant run , but his arms can almost stretch across the screen . He is also quite slow , but his hit ratio goes with his size as well . So one hit can do a lot of damage . Then take Chip , he is small , so he doesnt do much damage , but he is far the fastest character on the game . You are lucky to even get a hit in , and while your trying to do that , he is able to get a few combos in before you even realize what he is doing . Each character has their own unique style of fighting . I love this game , and give it full marks in style and creativity . I only have two drawbacks to this game . I personally feel Instant Kills take away from the game where skill should be the better judge , not the inability to play worth a damn . And secondly . . there is no story , I beat the game to find nothing happens , no dialogue , no climax . . nothing . Just the cold touch of knowing you have beaten it , and your own personal glory . Nothing to romp around in , to brag , to gloat . But other than that , this game is a plus and a must have for fighter genre fans everywhere .
 Anime has always fascinated me . The animation style , the stories told through the medium , the expressiveness of the characters , and the fact that most of them were more powerful than land based artillery . So naturally , when Guilty Gear and it 's sequel , Guilty Gear X made their way to these shores , I jumped at the titles . They 're not 3D fighting games , where everything is modeled . They 're probably the best anime style fighting games out there.The characters are larger than life and the controls take some getting used to , but once you get the hang of them the characters come to life on the screen with their powers and their abilities . For example , there 's Sol Badguy -LRB- yes , that 's really his name -RRB- who wields a sword that looks like a cross between a buzzsaw and and claymore . Then there 's Milia Rage whose weapon of choice is ... her hair . The list is pretty outrageous , but that 's what makes this game interesting . There are also two bonus characters that can be unlocked that have even more crazy attacks.The action is fast and furious and does a few things that other fighting games do n't . For example , there 's a ` Tension Gauge ' that each character has that slowly builds up with every attack . Once the ` Tension Gauge ' is filled , you can unleash quite a few powerful moves including the dreaded ` Instant Kill ' move . Fortunately , pulling off a successful ` Instant Kill ' move takes some time , time enough for your opponent -LRB- if they can see it coming -RRB- to get out of the way and spoil the surprise . You can also juggle characters in the air in fantastic combinations , or break their defenses if they decide to play cheese and huddle in the corner.The animation of each character is nothing short of spectacular and the game comes to life with a large variety of special effects and sounds . The backgrounds are well detailed and provide an interesting backdrop to the furious action as it unfolds in the foreground . The music takes some getting used to , and the game can get extremely unfair with some of the characters ' moves and powerful abilities . In this game , the size of your character does matter . The mammoth Potemkin can quickly destroy weaker characters if they 're not careful . The ` Instant Kill ' move , abused to cheese in the first game , has thankfully been altered here enough so that your opponent has more of a chance to avoid it . Still , it continues to add quite a bit of thrill to the game knowing that a moment of carelessness can snuff your drive to the top . The screen also scales out the further the characters are from each other . While it may annoy some players , this one felt that it was pretty seamless -LRB- no sudden jerks or pans -RRB- and was n't bothered by it at all . The CPU is smart and downright ruthless with the higher difficulty settings.There is also a ` survival mode ' that players can participate in , earning levels as they battle from one fight to the next . These are a series of ` sudden death ' matches as the players try to climb the ladder to see how many levels they can earn before being put down . There is also a practice mode where you can sharpen your skills and a handy online move list for every character in the game.Guilty Gear X stands out as an anime fan 's best friend in the fighting arena , especially on the PS2 where there are not that many fighting titles to choose from yet . Even if there were , I think that the quality of the character animations and the sheer chaos of the fighting engine will appeal to quite a few players , while a few of the features in the title -LRB- such as an Instant Kill move -RRB- may turn others away . Still , I think it 's a great fighting game that might be the one you 're looking for to put blisters on your thumb . Just enough flash to be interesting , but also with quite a bit of challenge to be lasting .
 The sequel to the popular Playstation sleeper hit , Guilty Gear X delivers an original , complex 2-D fighter that will have you turning to Capcom and SNK asking why they never tried this . Armed with hi-resolution graphics , an incredibly strange cast of fighters , a tension gauge that not only controls the use of various moves but also rewards aggressiveness -LRB- so long , wallflower players ! -RRB- , and multiple levels of complexity from custom combos to the imfamous `` isntant kill . '' Players of the first game will be happy to know that the developers decided to give some more options , such as variable difficulty levels and a very unique survival mode , and that the game AI is even more reluctant to use the one-hit kills unless you do it first . The only problems I have with this game are the low number of characters in the face of the more popular 2D fighters , and some extra fighting modes would not have hurt . Still , this is a very solid game with tight controls . If you want to get away from the pixely , generic 2-D fighters , pick this title up .
 Guilty Gear X could be the nicest looking 2D fighter ever , no doubt . The gameplay is fast paced , the graphics are superb -- it 's almost like you 're watching an anime ; and the sound is pretty cool too , except for the announcer . The only drawback though , is that there are no endings ? Why in the world did they not include endings ? Also , the loading times can take a bit at times , certainly longer than in Capcom vs SNK 2 , but not long enough to the point where you feel like tossing the controller at the tv screen -LRB- at most 7-8 seconds in some battles , but most load in less than 6 seconds -RRB- . The special kill move is cool , but if you execute it on time and without missing your opponent , you could have him beat with two or three hits . I recommend this game for any 2D fighting fans , when I bought it I just looked at the back of the case , I had never seen or heard about this games so I picked it up and I liked it . Even my friend told me it was a cool game . Had this game been compresed on a DVD-Rom it would have been that much better , but it is still a mst own title .
 OK . . You thought putting Street fighter on super turbo mode was insane right . . but the only flaw was that your charecters tehn fought sloppy and graphics wer choppy.Well Guilty Gear X takes taht away , the GUilty Gear series is remarkable with hand drawn backround and charecters for the game , The combos and Destroy moves are totally insane and among still being beutaifully done .
 ok , so everyone else has commented on the graphics . Yes , they are great.The gameplay , however , is what keeps me coming back . The characters are well balanced , there are a lot of moves , and the moves interact in some very interesting ways . Most of the characters have a dash , a double jump -LRB- at least one can actually fly -RRB- , aerial blocks , great combos -LRB- and great combo-stoppers -RRB- . Thank god there 's no block button , and in general I felt like the play of the game was a lot like the classic Samurai Shodown II -LRB- exceot with the speed drastically increased -RRB- . The only problems I have with it are as follows :1 -RRB- the review talks about PS2 specific features . Well , I played it at arcades in Tokyo over the summer , and the arcade machines are based on Dreamcast hardware . There is a Dreamcast version and it 's identical .2 -RRB- The dreamcast version actually has shorter load times . I do n't know why . In any case , the PS2 load times are still very short .
 To understand Guilty Gear X , you must first have played the Samurai Showdown -LRB- Samurai Spirits in Japan -RRB- and the Capcom Versus -LRB- X-Men Vs. Street Fighter , Marvel Vs. Capcom , Etc. -RRB- series . Guilty Gear X uses a combination of slashing with weapons as well as hand to hand combat , not very different from Samurai Showdown . Guilty Gear X also incorporates the ability to super jump -LRB- Hyper jump in Capcom Versus series -RRB- as well as mid-air dashes . The combination of these two styles gives the game a feel of its own , allowing players to recover from most bad situations as well as strategically confront their adversary.There are thirteen initial characters available with 2 hidden . Each fighter has a completely unique style of play . The beauty of the game comes from its originality . Sammy gave the characters fighting styles that do not parallel any other fighting game . From Baiken 's ability to deflect projectiles by flipping up cards -LRB- or that 's the best I could make of the attack -RRB- to Jam 's furious kicking combos , each character keeps their own method of play . Granted , Jam seems to be their answer to Capcom 's Chun Li -LRB- Street Fighter II -RRB- or SEGA 's Sarah Bryant -LRB- Virtua Fighter -RRB- , her usage of rush attacks and application of her outfit 's custom sleeves in her fighting style adds up to string combos that the others could only dream of . Even Millia Rage , who fights with her hair , has little in common with Midway 's Sindel -LRB- Mortal Kombat 3 -RRB- . With out a doubt , Guilty Gear X boasts the best 2-D graphics of all time . Sammy out did themselves in this masterpiece . Everything is rendered in hand drawn anime . Both backgrounds and characters are completely seamless . Picture being able to control the action during a fight scene in Ninja Scroll -LRB- Manga -RRB- , that is exactly the feel you will have when playing Guilty Gear X.There is not much I can say about the audio quality of Guilty Gear X . It is up to par as expected . The announcer has a menacing voice that announces `` Heaven or Hell '' at the beginning of every match . This could go either way , I like the intro , but I can see where others may not appreciate the added comment prior to engaging . As for the voice acting , it was well done . I really can not say it was above average because in the fighting genre , you barely ever get a glimpse at the real talent of the actors playing the characters . Instead , you learn how well they can grunt and yell , with the occasional catch phrase for a winning pose . I will say that the voice-overs do compliment the character 's personalities very well.My only disappointment with Guilty Gear X is the over-all story . In this continuum , a Gear named Justice was created to judge the world . He was defeated in Guilty Gear -LRB- Original -RRB- . Now another Gear must be destroyed , as it is killing innocent people . It does not sound very original in design , but does manager to carry the game along . The characters , on the hand , have very interesting and unique stories . Millia , for instance , watched her parents be slaughtered and burned as a child . She is now an assassin who refuses to kill an innocent . This equals a very interesting ending , to which I will not spoil.Overall , I am very pleased with Guilty Gear X . This is a must own for Playstation 2owners . I am very confident that hardcore fighting players will thoroughly enjoy this game . And although the overall story is semi-redundant , I still give this game a 10 out of 10 . If you do not already own it , get it .
 The sequel , Guilty Gear X2 hit shelves . This feels like an un full version of GGX2 . Do n't bother with this one . Just get the sequel . It is the best 2D fighter EVER .
 Guilty gear x is excellent 2d fighting game.i loved is game it is very fun to play if you like 2d fighting you will like this one !!!
 The first time I played this game I wasnt sure of what to think of but once I started to play more often I knew it is good . It has a non traditional soundtrack , usually fighting games just have keyboard music which isnt bad , but this has guitars , bass , and drums . It has the sound of the early days of Metal . I especially like how the name of some characters moves make referance to Metal bands . The graphics are clear and vivid . The bosses are cheap just the way I like em , nothing like a good test of your skills . There arnt that much characters but it is made up by the crazy designs of the characters , there attributes , and there storylines . This game also has fast gameplay but not as fast as the Marvel vs Capcom series but it is almost there . And if you are experienced in 2-D fighters the special moves are no problem . There is so much to say about this game , but I like to keep it short . What I am basically saying is that this game is a good nod to the old school .
 This is a very good game . It 's kind of like a mix between Max Payne and GTA set in Mexico . The graphics are n't too good but it 's got great action and a very good story line . If your into action heavy shooters with lots of cool moves , get this game .
 This game can best be described as a mixture of Grand Theft Auto , Max Payne and Desperado . It has the mixture of free roaming and mission-based storylines from GTA , the bullet time of Max Payne , and the gunplay and Mexican-themed music and feel of Desperado.You play as the twin brother of a DEA agent who goes undercover to try to break up a Mexican crime ring . During the game , you can use a variety of weapons and vehicles to score points and increase your weapon skills , health and adrenaline.The cons
 I hold a commercial multi-engine instrument rating ; my CFI expired after 3 renewals in 1981 . I have not activly flow in many years . the first game I purchased with my PIII 500MHZ was flight sim 98 . I enjoyed that but did not really get the sensation of actual IFR flight . In flight sim 2000 pro ; I have been able to set up my old airports and IFR approachs with the actual avionics settings . I have found ILS/DME approachs VERY REAlISTIC . I would throughly recommend this simulator to any pilot who is looking to sharpen their Instrument skills in their own living room . Great Job Microsoft !
 I recently installed FS2000 Pro and am blown away ! The graphics are smooth and detailed . The flight instruction makes getting up to speed fun and easy . It is fun not only for professional pilots , but for rookies -LRB- like me -RRB- . I am running this on a 500 mhz Pentium3 with 128MB RAM and a 16MB 3DFX Voodoo 2000 video card with a Flat Panel Monitor.I suspect that some of the mixed reviews on frame rate may be related to the different video cards used.If you have a newer processor and plenty of RAM , I highly recommend FS2000 .
 Everyone knows the vast improvement of FS2000 Pro over 98 , so by all means get it.NOW , you CAN get good results with a slower machine ! I have a P2 300mHz on a 66mHz buss -LRB- That 's IT ! -RRB- , and it cruises . Here 's how
 This sim is great ! It has got to be the BEST one ever made on planet earth , and probably has the same distinction in the universe too . The computer I run it on is a PentiumII , 256 meg RAM , and a 17 inch screen in 1152x834x16bpp . I have the display settings in the Flight sim set Pretty high , and I get Frame rates at about 9 per second . If I set the display settings all the way down , I get anywhere from 25 frames per second , to 65 frames per second . I do n't think-myself-that 9 Frames per second is not flyable , I think that it is really very nice . I hope this helps you !
 Though the framerates took a big dive , flight sim 2000 Pro is , in many ways , much better than flight sim 98 . The sceneries are photorealistic , and the accuracy of the panels and airplanes are just flawless ! However , I did have to spend 80 some odd dollars to get 64 more megs of ram to have 128 . I have a 300 MHZ pentium II , and the framerates i get does n't usually exceed 15 to 20 . When i am high up in the sky , or when visibility is zero-zero , the framerate would go up to 35 .
 The scenery is out of this world , and the choice of aricraft is phenominal ! The treatment of clouds is nothing short of spectacular . The real-world weather feature is enough to justofy the cost alone . However , you better be using a top-of-the-line machine , or it wo n't work well . I use a PIII and can barely get the frame rate above 18 , expecially near airports or mountains .
 This game is worth it . This game has spectacular graphics and easy controls . To make this game even better , you need to purchase the Force Feedback Joystick by Microsoft . With this Joystick , you are able to feel like you are flying the plane even better .
 Flight SImulator 2000 i ss o awesome . It has a real weather program , the best GOS system and totally awesome graphics . I would recommend anyone ot get it . ANd the good thing is the flight Simulator 98n planes you doenload work on FS 2000 .
 When you turn it on you feel the power that you are in the pilots seat you start up the engine you turn off the parking brakes and you pull the power up and take off you go far your crusing and you go through the mountains and you see the beauty and then you get to close to the mountains and you try to turn to the right andw you spin out and crash ; you start over ...
 Microsoft made some definate improvments this time . The new graphics and scenery are the best they 've ever been . But ... you 'll deifinately need a good system to for it to run really smooth on . I 'm running a PIII 500 , 128MB Ram , and a 16 MB 3D card , and occasionally it gets choppy , but fo the most part , its great . If you 're into flight sims , its a must have .
 Flight Simulator 2000 Professional is just an incredible sim game . The graphics are just superb and if you have a 3D accelerator and a Pentium III with lots of RAM , boy you will think you were flying the real thing . The instant weather thing is really cool and it is neat to update it and then look outside . This is a must have game that you have to buy if you like this !
 I keep reading about people with fairly fast systems -LRB- 800 mhz -RRB- and up running this game and hating the frame rates . I 'm also reading that these same people are using 8MB or 16MB graphics accelerators ... The truth is , if you have a such a system , flight simulator WILL work reasonably well , IF you get rid of the slow graphics accelerator . This is because 8 MB graphics cards are a joke to this game , and they make the main processor work much harder , slowing things down . An 8MB card is like running a race car on snow tires ; the two do n't work well together to produce speed . So do n't get a new computer , get a 32MB or better yet , a 64MB graphics accelerator for your system . -LRB- And if you can afford it , I 'd also suggest you get some RAM . -RRB- You 'll see that you DO N'T need a brand new Pentium IV 1.7 GHz or anything that fast that to effectively run the game . One last thing
 This is a great flight simulator , if you have the computer to handle it . I 'm running an 866 pIII so I have no problems running the game . The best part about this game in my opinion are the lessons that allow you to get virtually licensed to fly . They have everything from a private pilots license to the airline transport pilot certificate . Although you still wo n't get a real feel for an aircraft , it is still a good virtual tool for when you get your real license . I also like the gps system that is in 2000 . As long as you have a computer that can handle it , this is a great flight simulator .
 When this game runs at the maximum realism , real weather and graphics settings , it is truly a work of art . Microsoft has thought of everything to bring you the reality of flight operations . Plus the graphics around the world are more inclusive than any I have ever seen . From the pyramids of Egypt to Amazon jungle rivers to active lava flows in Hawaii , things I have personally seen ... they were there.The reality is compounded by the fact that there is a large user community which fly in simulated worlds with some enthusiast acting as Air Traffic Controller . I have tested Real Weather and have noted that the internet site is usually updated every 15 minutes . The weather presented is very accurate from Blizzards to sprinkles and crosswinds . Add on graphics are available as freeware on the internet or through purchase so you can make specific areas like Chicago Ohare super detailed.The only drawback is that this sim requires a lot of CPU power to run the simulated environment . The faster CPU the better . The Video Card does not make that much of a difference . 16-32mb should be fine.I originally ran FS2k on my Pentium I , 200mgz , 48 megs , 16megs Vodoo Card . The frame rate was slow but manageable as long as I kept the sound turned off and did not run real weather . I kept the graphics at level 2 -LRB- out of 6 , with 6 the most detail -RRB- I have since upgraded to a Pentium III , 866mgz , 256 mb , 64 mb GE Force Nvidia Card . This sim is a masterpiece on it . I recommend at least having a PIII to get satisfaction from this game . And I only recommend upgrading machines if its your time to do so . Do n't let this game influence your decision because its a big investment .
 I 'm a fan of Flight Simulator since Ver . 4.0 . Now with these new version flying a plane it ` s a reallistic sensation ... ! You have to try it ... ! You can do it ... ! The new planes are excellent and very real in flying characteristics , weather could be wild with you ... I recommend just one more thing ... buy it ... !
 I have a PIII 1000 MHz cpu ,512 MB SDRAM , GeForce 1 32 MB Graphics card & Still this sim is a slide show.Which machine do I have to buy because this sim can run perfectly -LRB- average 30 FPS -RRB- ?!!! . Cenk
 Microsoft Flight Simulator 2000 is the best simulator for serious `` flightsimmers '' . With the realistic graphics , airports , aircraft it is a great simulator for anyone . If you dont really know how to fly there are built in lessons . That is how I learned and got into the field of aviation . Flight Simulator has very good graphics and detailed cities , airports , cockpit panels and aircraft . The list could go on but I 'll let you find out the rest for yourself . I would recommend this Simulator to anyone .
 this is by far the best flying game I have ever expierienced . the cities are so real and the planes are awsome and it is really expandable . a must buy !
 If you like non-combat simulation games this is the game to buy.Graphics
 This is the best of the genre . each time I boot this up , I learn something new . FS 2000 is very immersive , and I can actually recognize ground features in my area ! The variety of craft is excellent , though Im yet to get that Concorde off the tarmac without augering in . The downside is that it is very resource intensive .
 It by far the best flight simulator ever but it came out too early . It 's too good for the computers we have now .
 I have an ASUS Motherboard and a Diamond Stealth video driver with a 3D accelerator , and it runs GREAT ! I have a 15 '' Monitor with the screen res set to 800x600 , with fullscreen mode set to 640x480 . I am getting framerates no different from 98 -LRB- 9 to 15 fps -RRB- . A Pentium III Really helps ; a firend of mine has a PIII , ASUS board , and a 32MB Video card . He gets framerates in the mid-40s . It does help , although my framerates are n't at all unflyable . If you stay out of the daredevil stuff , I would consider 3 fps unflyable . Actually , when I am in non-fullscreen mode , I get framereates ranging from 1.5 to 5 fps .
 This game is the best flight simulator in the world . It 's graphics are better than whatever game you 're thinking about . It 's so cool , you can fly different airplanes like the Cessna , the Mooney Bravo , the Learjet , the boeing 737 , the boeing 777 and much more . You can even fly with VOR around the whole world ! But I suggest you get this game only if you are interested in flying or being a pilot .
 I have a Pentium 266 MMX with 84 megabytes of RAM , and the game runs like a charm ! I get framerates no different from 98 . Fullscreen mode really helps out the performance , and increases the realism and texture smoothness . The scenery realisim has been increased a little , but the thing that makes this a stellar app is the cockpit detail . I have the quality on 3 and it works fine for me . Wonderful Game !
 I just recieved my copy of FS2000 an I was amazed . I have a P3 500 mhz system with a 32 mb vidio card and this game runs smooth and flawless . I also have a copy of FS98 and FS2000 is a big step forward ! I only have two complaints about this game . Both of which have nothing to do with the performance I recieved . First it is a memory hog ! If you have a 2 gig hard drive do n't plan on installing much more after this game . And two at least I think the price is a little steep compared to FS98 which is only $ 15.00 . I think if you have the comuter to run it and are willing to spend the money this is an exellent game to buy !
 Some people say they have trouble running on some systems . I have not had any problems . I run it on a Cel . 400 with 128 meg RAM . It is smooth . I love flight sims and this is one of the best . I wish they would add more for you to do while flying long runs on auto but I guess sim restroom breaks would be a bit much . If you like to fly and want to try several aircraft give this one a try .
 Now i know that i 'm harsh on people 's games and always give them less than three stars but hey , that 's what i have to do . I have to tell the truth , and well , flight simulator 2000 deserves good grades . In the past couple of years , microsoft produced excellant games such as flight sim 98 and well i am very interested in flying huge commercial aircrafts . Here 's my chance to fly a plane and not die IF i crash ! Flight sim wether 98 or 2000 gives you the excitment of a real time flight . Now the flight sim on proffesional edition gives you more planes to ride . I 've read a message from a 10 year old gamer saying that turning the plane left or right would turn the plane upside down ! Well , he has a point , but on 2000 flight sim , you can freeze horizontal or vertical movement . All you have to do is to read the manuals book . That 's why it 's there ! Now , i live in kuwait and so i have alot of knowledge of my country 's airport ! When i checked it out on flight sim , the buildings were in real shape and in real location . For an advice , i 'd say flight sim 2001 has to become even more realistic ! Before you get excited and order the game , let me warn you , although the game is fantastic , the game may run slowly if you have an old system version but if you have a new system version , then just worry about crashing your plane ! good luck ! try not to crash on my house !
 Someone in another review , said that with a pentium MMX233 the game did n't run good , well I have that processor and 48MB RAM and runs good . I 'm a fan of this game since version 5.0 , and every version surprises me more . It 's incredible how microsoft improves it 's version . I really recomend this game , and if it 's the first time you play a flight simulator , just buy the standard version
 I first saw FS back in the early -LRB- ish -RRB- days around 1988 . I just had to have it , and FS2000 was no exception . I ordered my copy sight unseen , and then thought I 'd made a bad mistake when I saw some people 's comments about processor speed etc.I 'm running a P3 at 450MHz , with a 16Mb graphics card and 128MB of RAM . I 'd have to rate the performance as `` above acceptable '' with all the bells and whistles . I can turn off some of the fluffy stuff and get good frame rates -LRB- in the 40fps region -RRB- . The graphics are simply incredible . Turn the aircraft around on a sunny day and admire the glare of the sun . Great flight models on all the aircraft -LRB- no surprise there -RRB- . I just love the Concorde and the 777 - it 's almost worth getting for those two alone.A number of new features crept in between FS98 and this version . The flight planner is much more useful -LRB- since you can pick waypoints from a map - great if the geography of Iowa is n't high in your mind -RRB- . I love the GPS addition also.I miss cockpit communications -LRB- unless I just have n't found it yet -RRB- . It would be nice to Request to Land/Takeoff at a minimum.On the whole - if you 've got a respectable machine , buy it to show off the graphics to your friends , and if you 're a pilot , turn down the graphics quality and you 'll have a great experience . Trust me .
 This is one of the best commercial flight sims I have ever used . I am a pilot , and I was impressed with the realism of FS2000 . I was impressed to find our own landing stript on our farm in Minnesota . Prcatilcally every airport , Public or PRIVATE it available . You can set up flight plans from any airport you wish . For Pilots , this product is defiently worth the money , It is like paying for 1 hour is a real airplane.The navigation is not as good as Fly ! But , the realism is well worth the sacrifice.It does n't come with many adventures , but you can always download them on the net -LRB- 2000net is a good place to start -RRB- . I am running a P-III 600 mhz , w / 128 ram and 32 meg video . And it is absoultly flawless , as it should be . I do n't believe MS , when they say it will run on a 166 . If you are just a consumer looking for a flight sim , get the NON-Professioanl edition . But , if you are a pilot , or an aspiring pilot get the professional edition , it was more IFR panels you can use that WILL really help you in earning your pilots license.If you are looking for a combat flight sim , that you can shoot people down with , get Falcon 4.0 . But , if you want the best commercially available flight sim without spending thousands of dollars , get this product . It will blow you mind .
 This is the best flight simulator Microsoft has ever produced , there no doubt about that ... Excellent graphics , new features such as GPS navigation , more airports worldwide , better weather system , and easier to use . There is a downside to all this I think the consumer should know . The speed of the game is NOTICABLY slower compared with MS FlightSim 98 and below ... Very glitchy all-around . I could not seem to speed it up -LRB- usually averages around 20 frames per sec -RRB- even with setting the detail settings lower . To put it in perspective , I have a PII 400mhz computer with 192mb of ram and a 16mb 3dfx Voodoo 3d accelerator card . I even bought the accelerator card to see if it would speed it up ... it barely does ! I am recommending anyone who wants to buy this program and likes a fast , non-glitchy game to be aware that if your computer has a processor below 300mhz , you will not like what you see ... Microsoft says that you must have a 166mhz minimum ! HA ! You would n't even be able to fly the graphics would be so slow.To recap , If you want the game to run smoothly , you should atleast have a 300mhz PII system with atleast 32mb of ram and I would recommend getting some kind of video accelerator card -LRB- if you dont already have one , and if your serious about performance -RRB- . If you just want to play and do n't really care about the slow speed , go with Microsoft 's recommendation about having a 166mhz processor system or higher . It will be very slow but will work.Overall , this is a very good game and would recommend for anyone ! Also makes a great gift .
 I am a big fan of Flight Simulator , but have limited time to play . In the prior versions , I never felt that I mastered some of the finer points of flying . In the 2000 version , there is a fantasitc flight school that gives you all the help you need to really know what you are doing . As you go throught the tutorials , you can earn a Flight sim pilot 's liscence and an IFR rating . Makes you feel like a real pilot.I love the flight planning features and all the airports available . Great graphics . I ca n't say enough good things about this game .
 When I bought this game I got cought up in it for a week . People are complaining that it did n't run good on there system . Thats because they have a PII processor . PCGAMER magazine said that if you have anything worse than PIII 450 128mb ram than it wo n't work good . That is true it works grat on a PIII but the game is not optimxed for PII . I have a PIII 600 128megs of ram and the best graphics board and I installed the 300mb Compact install and it worked fine.The MSFS2000 Pro edition is worth the extra buck . The extra aircraft are - Beech King Air - 2 engine turboprop . - Concorde - Mach 2 SST -LRB- Super Sonic Transport -RRB- . -777 300 - 2 engine jet transport . - Moony Bravo - 1 prop speed craftIn this game you can for the fist time -LRB- in 17 years of MSFS -RRB- fly from city to city in GPS mode.Pros-Great game , excellent aircraft . Cons-Need joystick , Bad sys. requirements Bottom line-Best non military flight sim if you have the speed .
 I 'd been looking forward to the 2000 Edition of Flight Simulator for a long time . I dont think it 's dissapointed . . a whole lot , anyway.Microsoft Flight Sim 's got the planes , the graphics , the sounds and the feel , as well as the whole world as your travel destination option . The graphics are beautifull , the scenery is generic , but detailed well , and the renderings of the major cities are perfect.But as far as the System Requirements go ... Oh my lord ! I run this thing on a 600mhz , 300 + ram , Voodoo3 , I still get slowdown and poor framerates at times ! It 's absolutely obscene ! And I cringe at the thought of what this must play like on a system any lower then 500mhz . The game also implements a nifty little feature where you can hook up to the internet and download real-time weather data . Unfortunently , any time I attempt this , the game crashes . Which sucks.But aside from that , the graphics and gameplay are excellent . A 777 handles bulky and heavy , and a Cessna handles like a paper airplane . I 'm really impressed how detailed they got the physics . If you 've got the system to run it , go for it , it 's a great add-on to your flight sim collection , however if you dont allready have Flight Unlimited Three , why the heck are you looking at this game ? Flight Unlimited is a game worthy of well over five stars ! But if you really want to fly the Concorde from San Francisco to France , this is the only game that 's going to let you , and if you 've got the system to do it , you wont be dissapointed .
 Microsoft really does make the best stuff . I know this sounds rather corny but it is true , Flight Simulator 2000 Pro is a perfect example of this statement . 1 -RRB- I will say that this game is a resource hog , make no mistake about it , a Pentium III and 128 MB of RAM are a necessity here . Also , make sure you have a GOOD video card , good video cards make a much bigger difference than people realize . I reccomend the Matrox Millenium G400 Max . 2 -RRB- If you are trying to decide between the pro version and the standard version , go with the pro version . The pro version gives you use of the Mooney Bravo -LRB- a plane that handles like the Cessna , but with a much higher average speed -RRB- and the Bell Helicopter . These additions are definately worth the extra money . The graphics in this game are nothing less than superb . Microsoft has gone to great detail , including a massive list of airports from which to land and take off . Another really great feature is the real world weather that is provided courtesy of Jeppeson . There 's nothing quite as cool as flying from LAX to Chicago-O'Hare on FS2000 while actually flying from LA to Chicago , I was surprised at how entirely accurate the game was compared to what was actually happening right outside my window .
 I use a compaq notebook with a pentium III 700MHZ with a ATI Rage Mobility graphic card -LRB- 8 MB RAM -RRB- and it 's great . Also I have a pentium II 400 with a ATI 8 MB RAM graphic card but it 's not fast enough . Over all if you have a fast system with a 3D accelator , you will really enjoy it .
 Suitable for PC with slower CPU like PII . It does n't require a very good video card , 4MB RAM can run very smooth , of course more RAM means better , suggest 8-32MB .
 This is the best Flight sim game I have had . I can fly about anywhere on it . If you want to be a pilot , this game is for you !!
 Everybody complains about the frame rate -LRB- speed -RRB- of this game , saying that it 's just too slow for their system . But how many people have configured their system correctly ? No matter what the speed of your computer , graphics card , etc. , . . to run this game better you need to optimize your system and free up RAM -LRB- yes , your system is using up RAM even if you do n't have programs actively running , so you have to free up your system resources - the items on your taskbar are using up RAM , turn them off ! -RRB- This will speed up the game.About the game itself , here 's my opinion : GOOD
 Simply speaking , this product is fantastic . It is realistic , visually stunning , and packed with features . The 3rd party support is probably the biggest plus -LRB- see avsim.com and flightsim.com in particular -RRB- . On my Athlon 850 -LRB- TNT2 3D card -RRB- I get a frame rate of about 18-20 , but even when it drops to 12 or so it still looks fine . The 3rd-party support is intense as well -LRB- see avsim.com and flightsim.com in particular -RRB- . I 'm hooked .
 Is it the best sim ever ? Of course ! Do you need a faster computer ? Of course . That 's like the law of nature
 It does n't get much better than this ! But be sure you have an up to date system , I would say the minimum setup would be a Pentium 3 w / 128 MB RAM and a graphics accelerator . To speed up loading and install you should also probably have 7200 RPM hard drive or higher . Even though it puts a lot of demand on your system , overall it is great .
 This game is a must have for pda users . The game is addictive and I find myself playing it instead of working ! The graphics are great and the style of play is amazing -LRB- you control everything through your styllus -RRB- . Once you get used to the style of play , you 'll find yourself playing harder to achieve champion status . You can even download you stats to manufactures website and see how you compare to other users -LRB- the number on users were in the hundreds -RRB- . So if you want a game to fill in the dead time , this is it for you . I will see on the Hall of Fame website ...
 This game is something from my childhood so I bought it and decided it would be fun to relive , and yes , it 's an excellent game , absolutely fun = -RSB-
 This is now my son 's favorite game . He loves how you can change costumes and how the `` fighting '' is . Really a fun game and he gave it 2 thumbs up !
 I bought this as a Xmas present for my 9 year old son . It came in plenty of time for Xmas , it was in great shape , and it plays beautifully - but because it had no cover art , I gave it to my son early . The little sticker on the box said `` No cover art as advertised '' but I did n't notice that particular caveat when I clicked the buy button - so I think the seller should have MADE THAT FACT A LITTLE EASIER TO SEE . Oh well , maybe we 've started a new tradition - the Thanksgiving present . * shrug *
 `` Loved It ! '' . My kids love this game , they somehow figured out how to download it onto eachother 's DS so they can play together . My order arrived sooner than expected . Thanks for the quick service .
 This game is so much fun I got it yesterday I love it -LRB- also got Rogue Agent -RRB- but this game takes 2nd in my books .
 This game is so much fun I got it yesterday I love it -LRB- also got Rogue Agent -RRB- but this game takes 2nd in my books .
 Just the other day I was trying to hook my Nintendo 64 up to the TV in my guest room , and discovered that there was n't a red , yellow , or white plug in which to put the adapter cords . I was really upset , for this was the only working TV in my house at the time . But , just the other day , when my new gamecube arrived , I discovered that this RF adapter was the answer to my problem . All you have to do is unscrew the cable cord , screw the cable cord into the back of the adapter , and screw the adaper into the TV ! I know , it does sound like a lot of twisting of the little cables , and I wont denie that that is the one con of the product , but , overall the picture was clear and everything worked like a charm .
 Most of the reviewers act like it should do something other then what its made for , It hooked up easy and works great . What more do you expect ? I gave it 5 stars ! IT WORKS
 This is a great RF adaptor . But the quality is low , compared to other methods of input , such as component video . Please make sure you need to get an RF adaptor , since RF conversion is the lowest-quality kind of input conversion . Do n't fault the adaptor for this -- the adaptor is very well-made and will certainly do the job .
 This device is great if all you have is a RF connector on your television . If you have any other choice for connecting your tv to the gamecube , I would go with it , but if this is all you have , it gets the job done .
 The first party RF connection is way better than any of the third parties . The connection is really good , and hooks to virtually any TV.Signal - 10/10 The signal is good , because it does n't mess up any of the graphics . Play any game and you 'll see there is no difference between the regular video/audio inputs -LRB- aka . Banana Jacks -RRB- and Nintendo 's RF connection.Sound - 10/10 The sound is excellent , and there is no `` fuzzing '' in the audio . For those who have played 3rd party RF connections , you 'll notice that on some games , the sound will frizz and make all types of wierd noises , which p *** es me off.Get this if you do n't have a TV -LRB- or ca n't play on one you have -RRB- that does n't have Banana Jack inputs . If you have the RF modulator from N64 and an old RF cord -LRB- found on NES and SNES systems -RRB- then use those . They are the same as the new RF connectors .
 This switch is the exact same as the N-64 switch so do n't go wasting -LRB- ... -RRB- bux if u already have the switch , but they work great anyway ! Thanx
 This cord is the most convenient accessory for the gamecube I 've seen yet . I would always get so frustrated when I took my cube to my friends house and their tv wouldnt have the right connections or their tv remote would n't have a video mode button so I ended up playing their ps2 -LRB- hiss -RRB- . Plus my tv did n't have the adequate audio connections on it and I had to use my vcr which would be a pain to haul around since they do n't make carrying cases for it -LRB- lol -RRB- But anyway , with this product , you hook it into the tv 's cable , hook the other side to the antenna cable cord , and plug it in where the cord for the audio plugs went . And you do n't have to use the video mode . It is so simple to hook in any body could do it . Although it takes a little longer to unhook than the audio plug , it is worth it . I have n't noticed any difference in the sound , gameplay , or graphics either . If you haul your cube around or if you hate that stupid video mode , 15 bucks is worth saving so much frustration and inconvenience .
 Good price and quality . Enabled me to use an otherwise outdated gaming system . Product arrived as described and on time .
 This item was n't actually what I thought it was -LRB- my mistake , not the seller -RRB- , but fortunately , I was still able to use it , and it works really well . I needed it for a party so I could hook up my nintendo , but I ended up hooking up my super nintendo instead . It works and it has a clear picture . I 'd recommend this product to anyone , and especially by this seller , because he got this to me right on time .
 Although it does n't give great quality it MAY be your ONLY choice unless you buy a new TV . Some new tvs will need this . My 1999 tv needed it !
 Why anyone would give this less than 5 stars is beyond me . If you need an RF switch to play your gamecube , do not buy anything less than this one !
 Why anyone would give this less than 5 stars is beyond me . If you need an RF switch to play your gamecube , do not buy anything less than this one !
 Scooby-Doo Unmasked is MUCH better than the last flop -LRB- Mystery Mayhem which I traded in not long after getting it -RRB- and a bit more fun the original , Night of 100 Frights . While Unmasked does n't have the extensive game play that 100 Frights had nor the superior graphics , it more than makes up for in fun and inventiveness.The premise of Scooby-Doo Unmasked
 I got this game becasue my 4 year old LOVES Scooby Doo , and he would watch me play . Now , I 'm not a gaming expert , but I have beaten DOOM -LRB- not bad for a girl -RRB- , but this game is not easy . Although some parts are easy to get through , there are some parts that have taken me hours of trying . My son loves to watch me play , but I do n't even know how a young teen could do some of the tricky maneuvers . It 's great for kids to watch , but unless they are awesome at gaming , it 's better for adults to play .
 This is my second Scooby Doo game on PS2 . There are already three of them
 My children loved this game . It came in great condition and was sent in a timely manner . I would not hesitate to buy from this seller again .
 I definately like `` 100 Nights of Frights better '' ! In `` Unmasked '' , the monsters do n't even chase you ! It 's ok but my fave is still nights of frights .
 Scooby Doo Unmasked is definately my favorite video game . It 's cute funnyand just challenging enough so i dont get bored . If youre the type of person that plays video games 24/7 and your farorite game is something like bloodgusher 3 you 'd think its stupid , but its really funny and perfect for scooby doo fans . It 's a good buy , Youll want to play it over and over !!!!
 My oldest daughter loves the game and that 's who it was for so over all it was a good choice .
 Rayman 2 . If that rings a bell , then you must have remembered the game that was released for the Nintendo 64 , the Sega Dreamcast , the PC , and the Playstation . That game was known as one of the greatest 3D platformers of all time . Some of you , however , may recall the Game Boy Color game of the same name . Is it a good game ? Well , let me tell you.Rayman 2 , of course , is a 3D platformer , right ? So how does that translate to the Game Boy Color ? Ubisoft reimagines the game as a 2D platformer , and builds it off of the first Rayman game , also released on Game Boy Color -LRB- But it was originally for Playstation , Atari Jaguar , and PC -RRB- . Given that statement , Rayman 2 looks and plays like its predecessor , and that is n't a bad thing . That means Rayman can still throw his fists at enemies , and he can still bust cages open and fly with his hair for a short period of time.However , it is set in the same storyline and setting as the console and computer game . The levels are also based on the original 's huge levels , in which there 's a lot to explore in most cases . While most of the levels are big , though , it 's quite obvious that the game itself is n't as big as the N64/SD/PC / PS1 game . I mean , it IS a Game Boy -LRB- Color -RRB- game.Sometimes , there is n't really a challenge in the levels , because you may not find a lot of enemies . Fortunately , as some games do so , the game does indeed get harder as you progress through . Soon , you 'll encounter spikes , more enemies , and tricky pathways.The entire game is just a lot of fun , and I recommend you to purchase it .
 Here 's a riddle : The Clock People work all day and all night , to keep the tower turning , running . Yellow faded glasses strapped to their heads with leather bands , dirty overalls , dirty jackets , all brown with dust . They hammer and pound pins into cogs to keep the time from stopping . The clocks face glows , illuminates the town beneath it , but it 's dark as night on the inside ; dark and dusty . The Clock People have lanterns .
 This is absolutely the best RPG on the computer that I have ever seen . It has a huge world that takes many hours to cross . There are 1700 !!!!!!! different spells . There are many different varieties of monsters that range from rabbits to supernatural beings to battle that give you experience points to grow levels . There are many different weapons and kinds of armour . There are many different fields of weapons to specialize in and many different technologies . Asheron 's Call also allows you to make allies to help you and most everyone is nice . It has an excellent system of dying and coming back to life . You also have to make your character more powerful by gaining life and stamina . Asheron 's Call has an excellent system of money that is really easy to deal with . There are many quests and challenges to conquer . Though no one has ever beaten it it is not impossible , it is still up for grabs . There is also a lot to still be discovered about the game , who knows what those darn programmers have added in . It does have a ten dollar a month fee , but is well worth it . So enter Dereth at your own risk ; HAPPY HUNTING !!!!
 Where to begin ? Asheron 's Call is incredible . I wo n't explain all the MMRPG stuff here -LRB- I do that five times a day to my vidiot mom and dad -RRB- , but I 'll tell you it 's crazily addictive . Only play this if you do n't mind spending hours in front of the computer , watching the seasons cycle by outside your window . Or you 'll be paying attention to the season cycle by IN THE GAME . That 's a great thing about this game
 I started playing Asheron 's Call as an anti-dote to forlorn Everquest addiction , and was pleasantly surprised . The lack of class/race options appears limited in AC at first , but actually the character creation and advancement system is much more intricate and customizable . AC also allows for much easier and more satisfying solo play -- you do n't have to rely on a 12 year-old cleric to heal you at the right time in order to survive and get the good loot . There are a ton of dungeons and quests , and , yes , the world is huge . You feel as though you are immersed in a real world , epic in scale , and not stuck in a fish tank with an alarmingly high number of wood elf druids . Eq is generally thought to be graphically superior to AC , and while spell effects and combat are n't as visceral in AC , the player characters and landscape look better -- richer color , more of a 3-D feel . Downtime is much less pronounced in AC ; in EQ , it becomes crippingly boring by 15th level . AC is a good time -- the customizable characters are endlessly unique and entertaining , skills are actually useful and fun , and I want to play it ALL the Time . Ca n't wait for AC2 .
 This game is great ! I have been playing since beta , and I 've loved it since!There are a variety of monsters to play against in the game , and if you get bored with that , PK offers another unique strategy -LRB- note
 IT WO N'T WORK !!!!!!!!!!!! If the previous user used the subscrpition coupon then you wont be able to play it . So if they played it at all , you can not play it . It 's a great game though .
 I hated to see the previous review as the most recent review for AC . I have been playing the game since October 2000 and have not bought another game since . Every month Turbine releases updates -LRB- free-unlike EQ -RRB- which dramatically change the entire stream of gameplay . Not sure what the last guy was thinking , but I think hie review was a waste of time , so stay away from it ! There are quests to save the world from various opponents ! The are critters that you need more than one person to kill . There are places where you will not see a soul . It is a fun experience !
 Before I bought AC I was interested in Ultima 9 which was a complete flop . Then , my brother had me play AC and one of the biggest things you notice are the graphics . Just clicking on the Life stone which saves where you will be teleport to is beautiful . All the magic is fun and most of the people are great . I recommend a video card that can support the modest graphic requirement . I think the ten dollar fee is accurate since the great people at turbin always update the game each month with new world events and climate to new armour , weapons , quests , and new lands . All of which you would have to pay for a new game completely anyways . But , with AC you never have to buy a new game because AC is always a new game each month =-RRB- I recommend this game if you want to be addicted I have been playing for 11/2 years and I do n't plan on buying anything else until AC2 Thanks Turbin for a game you spent making for around 6 years I believe .
 This game is EXTREMELY addictive . It has no real story line but a plot that never seems to end . With the realationships you will develope over a short period makes up for a kind of second world only a lot funner . Also this game is very custimizable meaning you can do just about what ever you want from powerleveing by killing things 5X more powerfull then you , sit in town and chat and trade all day , or even develop a monarchy which will allow you to gain TONS of xp just sitting there . One bad thing is the magic system is WAY to powerfull a lev 30 mage could kill a lev 500 Diamond Golem if they had to . Its been 6 months and I 'm finally leaving the game hopefully anyway .
 The graphics in Asheron 's Call are spectacular . The wide range of map use gives the game more of a user friendly environment . Instead of constantly being bogged down by a small map . This game gives you the advantage of creating of 150 different characters and each other characters have their own styles , which gives this game the chance less conformity . This game is a deffinite buy .
 I thoroughly enjoy this game about once a week on average . I would say that I disagree with some of the other comments about harsh language , which I have not encountered , and participation in the allegiance system is completely voluntary . My own experience has been excellent.I sometimes wish I had more time to play , but the game allows for me to not play for months at a time and pick up where I left off pretty easily .
 I really do n't know what to type that others have not said.I give this game a great review =-RRB- . It has kept me playing for over 18 + months , and they were usually enjoyable times .
 asherons call is the best game out there right now , it takes the fighting style of zelda , the leveling and equipping of the final fantasys and creative monsters to cover the globe , thats just some of it , you can interact and have buddy lists like AOL instant messanger , you can belong to clans and go to their meetings , you can also entirely customize your charachter to look like yourself or whatever you want to look like , also the monthly updates and patches that change with the seasons make it extreemly hard to tear yourself away , i gave it a 5 !!
 This game is easy to learn , aways exiting , and hard to turn off . there are always new things happening and new things to expierence . This game should have a surgeon generals warning
 I started playing AC when it first came out and yes I was addicted , but I was addicted when the internet first came out as well . If you have an addictive personality be forewarned this game is for you !!! LOL The graphics are truly wonderful , and though I have not played any other on-line RP games I have played game such as Diablo II and the graphics are comparible . I also stopped playing for about 6 months and came back to the game without any hassles . You do n't have options as to what kind of a being you will be , for you will be human . But you can choose to be a sorceror or a swordsmaster etc. . . I really enjoy this game , I feel it is worth $ 10 a month . Most people are enjoyable and there is no other game that you will be able to role play and just sit around and chat for so long and in such an desirable place . Enjoy !!!!
 Asheron 's Call will allow you to play solo and even build up a kingdom of vassles who will give you some of their exps . This game has it all . Skill based game play . With no upper limites highest player in game on 09-07-00 was level 100 . You might be the first to reach level 200 who knows ? If you grow tired of the game you can sell your account on Ebay :-RRB- for some RL cash . Be carfull what skills you take when you start out though , plain well read to links sites www.gamezone.com to get some good hints about planning your path to fame and honnor . Or seek out the best ways to walk in the Shadows . With Asheron 's Call you wont have to wait at a no exp camp site to get the Grate Armor or Items the games uses a random item generator to deal out loot so you will never know what you will find when you make that final slash or cast a deadly spell to finnish off the last monster .
 A good game which would be perfect with the addition of music -LRB- no music -RRB- . A must buy game !
 Hmmm . . This game is positively the greatest thing since the invention of fast food . The Graphics are well textured even though they are not as smooth as the graphics in EQ . The game itself has a very deep storyline and the world is HUGE , it can take up to 3 hours to go from one side of the world to the other . Another added bonus is that there are no Annoying `` zones '' like in EQ . The Spell Economy is great . There are over 1600 spells to learn and the more people that use a spell the less powerful it is . -LRB- You might be thinking to yourself right now '' If this guy likes the game so much why is he writing a review on Amazon.com instead of playing it '' well the answer is right now the server is down for maintenance so i ca n't log on . -RRB- to get on with the review , contrary to a lot of reviews this game is not 100 % hack and slash -LRB- though somtimes it can seem like that -RRB- it is in fact a delicately balanced ordeal . The Alligence pyramid is very deep , here is an example ; say you swear alligience to another charachter and he in turn has sworn to another person it goes on and on . Another Thing that is cool is that in Darktide -LRB- the Player-Killer only world -RRB- there are massive groups of people that will somtime have wars with each other . There is so much more to say about this game but i am fast approaching the 1000 word limit . If you are looking for me on dereth I am on the Soclaim Server in the chat menu you can type @tell Herith t ` wain , and then type your message.See you in Dereth
 I ca n't begin to describe the fun of this game . You make friends all over the place . Thje monsters are great , the social aspects of the game are amazing . I find myself locked in for an average of six hours at a time . Microsoft has a true winner here .
 Asheron 's Call the best game ever no mater how long you play it still has more new adventures for you . This game will never end kinda like the show The Neverending Story , this is The Never Ending Game . Check it out and you will be addicted ...
 I 've played the top 3 online multiplayer games -LRB- top 3 in popularity based on online subscriptions -RRB-
 Well , where should I start ? How about the amazing graphics.They are simply amazing-even without a 3-D card ! . And how about the core of any game , the gameplay you ask ? Rock solid is the perfect statement.After a half hour of getting used to the controls , it plays like a dream.I have never once lost to any monster in the game because of the controls . -LSB- I wish I could say that about my reflexes ! -RSB- For all of you people worried about the lag , let me assure you that ever since I have been playing Asheron ` s Call , I have NEVER been disconnected or have had any really terrible lag at all ! . This was to say the least , a really good sign that Turbine really wants their game-no , world to go on for a real long time . There are only two minor problems worth talking about . # 1 , the music in the game is pretty weak , but the landscape sounds -LSB- like birds chirping and monster noises -RSB- are very well done . # 2 , This game is VERY , VERY , addictive.You will lose all sense of time when you play Asheron ` s Call-this is a testament to it ` s gameplay quality and sense of ` place ` - you really feel like you are in another world ! In closing , I really must say , BUY THIS GAME-even if you do n`t like RPG ` S-it will win even hardcore anti-RPG players over with it ` s slick gameplay.If you already love RPG ` S and do n`t have this and are not sure , TRUST ME , I have been playing videogames hardcore for 17 years -LSB- and I ` m only 22 ! -RSB- and I DO NOT lie to fellow gamers-please do n`t miss Asheron ` s Call ! Signed , Mouse the Sick from Rithwic on the Thistledown server . -LSB- Look for me there , and I will hook you up with weapons ! -RSB-
 Asheron 's Call is the best online game I have played as of yet ! There are so many places to go , and so many people to meet ! The patron/vassal system which basicly states `` seasoned players should help newbies '' gives both the chance to prosper ... the seasoned player gets levels from his vassal and the new player gets money , armor , weapons and resources ! This game is a MUST for anyone with a deep Role Playing mind that loves Blow-your-socks-off graphics and gameplay !
 I 've played AC since Beta 0 and have found the Turbine and MS people to be very receptive and responsive to the players ideas and concerns . They update the game on a regular basis and are always seeking to improve the playability.The structure of the game is intense and thrilling . The map is huge and the graphics are great . The social structure of the game is well thought out and a necessity to the extended life of the game . The characters are unlimited in the sense that no two are alike . All have various strengths and weaknesses , forcing fellowships and friendships . The classes are also well thought and require trial and error . The spells almost seem unlimited and there not handed to you on a silver platter . Persistence and reasearch are the key to AC character classes.This game is a MUST ... well worth the money .
 What an incredible game . A friend of mine turned me on to AC about the time it was released . Just a few minutes looking over his shoulder and I knew I would be hooked . The game as been out over a year and I 'm still playing.One of the greatest things about Asheron 's Call is the ability to customize your character . You can either go with a stock template -LRB- several are built into the game -RRB- or create a custom character . Everyone seems to have their own opinion on creating characters so you 'll probably end up going through several before you end up with just the right one.Asheron 's Call is a highly social game . It 's built around people interacting with each other . This is beneficial for helping each other out , hunting , trading and the allegiance system -- a system of patrons who help out -LRB- teach , etc -RRB- their vassals.While it 's possible to play AC all on your own -LRB- with no social interactions -RRB- , interacting with others is what makes the game . Sure , you 'll run across the occasional d00d but there are plenty of decent characters within the game . Interactions vary from as simple as chatting to organized quests.It does n't take but a little while to understand the basics of Asheron 's Call . This is one of the deepest games I 've ever played so you 'll probably want to check out some of the online resources . Many fan sites have popped up and are well worth visiting . They 're a good place to learn about items within the game , quests and to meet other players.One thing to be aware of is the fact that Asheron 's Call contains multiple worlds . Since the worlds are physically different machines , you ca n't move things -LRB- characters , treasure , etc. -RRB- between them . If you create and build your character -LRB- s -RRB- on one world , you wo n't be able to take them to another . Figure out where your friends are and all play on the same world.The game evolves continuously via the monthly updates . These include bug fixes along with new content and story line . If you 're just starting , it 's a good idea to download -LRB- via FTP from the Zone site -RRB- the entire set of patches to date . This will save you an incredible amount of time.Should you decide to give Asheron 's Call a try , make sure that you allow plenty of time to really get the hang of the game .
 I 'm warning you right now . If you buy this game you are likely to not get very much sleep for a very long time . So if you go to school or go to work this might not be the game for you . The world is huge to say the least and will take you many hours to simply traverse from one side to another . Luckily , there are warp portals that connect many of the major cities . The graphics are amazing even on a slow pc but to fully enjoy you need a powerhouse with a modem faster than 56k . You can enjoy it on a 56k but I 'm warning you that the lag can be annoying sometimes . But Microsoft has many resources -LRB- or maybe not after the anti-trust case -RRB- and should be able to supply many reliable servers so lag problems should be resolved fairly soon . If you are a fan of any RPG then this game is the game that you have been waiting for !
 Now , having adventured in both Norrath -LRB- EverQuest -RRB- and Britannia -LRB- Ultima Online -RRB- , I found Dereth -LRB- AC -RRB- to be my favorite of the three lands . Firstly , as others have mentioned , the land mass is extremely expansive . Plenty of dungeons , monster ` spawn points ' , towns and wilderness to share with others , or , if you 're more the solo type , to claim for yourself . The experience system , which consists of ` spending ' experience points to raise various statistics and skill ratings allows for complete character customization . If starting a character from scratch sounds a tad difficult , the game also has several starting character ` templates ' , which have preset skills and statistics so that you can leap into the fray immediately . The spell system has a little bit of a tough learning curve , but those who quickly grasp it will be greatly rewarded . The good points of this game are too great to mention , and there are very few downsides -LRB- the main one being the graphics not being up to the beautiful standards set by EverQuest -RRB- . If you are looking to get into the MMORPG scene , this is most likely the game for you .
 I enjoy AC primarily because I spend more time playing and less time waiting to heal , or running , or `` zoning '' , or fighting rats and snakes just for a few coins . A tremendous variety of things to do and see just makes playing AC more enjoyable .
 I 've been playing Asheron 's Call for about a month now , and it just gets better . There are exciting new developments -LRB- recently , the descent of a sudden ice age -RRB- and ongoing plot twists . Gameplay is intuitive , characters are unique , and roleplaying is a distinct possibility . Yes , there are lots of hack-and-slash non-actors out there , but my husband has amassed a huge fortune and ample experience as a professional bard . Asheron 's Call is as good as you make it -- for a good gamer , it 's the best experience out there right now .
 I got to be part of the beta test for Asherons Call and I loved the game . The graphics are really good and the interface is very simply and easy to learn . There is no problems with pk 's and the lag in minimal for such a vast online game . A must buy for anyone interested in an online rpg .
 When first starting asherons you create a character from 3 races of humans . You can actually design the facial features of you character so no two characters look alike . In the begining you feel very weak and you should because the world of Dereth is a very dangeouse place for newbies , luckly you have only to make a short run to a town and you can swear into a allegaince of over 1000 people all of witch are ready and willing to help you along . As you get through the newbie age a whole new world opens up to . You dicover new dungeons , new monsters , new weapons , all of witch you never knew were avalible as a newbie . One of the most appealing aspects of the game is with each new lv you gain another part of the world opens up to you . You can also become a patron to a newbie and help guide him through the game as your patron did for you . The higher lv you get the more you understand and apriciate magic also . The only bad things about the game is it is some what unbalanced in some classes such as sword and bow are favored in the game leaving the mages and other weapons classes shorted . Another thing I enjoy about Asherons Call opposed to the other Multiplayer RPGS is the fact that although the world is huge and Dereth has vast history and lore it does not make you feel like you are overwhelmed and lost . Your character is not just another person , you actually make an impact on the world and events transpiring in it . Every month there is a free update to the game you download , the update keeps up the storyline as well as improves and adds new quests and monsters into the game . A major and memeroble event were the Shadow Wars were the new monsters -LRB- Shadows -RRB- attacked the towns . The event also included a extremly powerfull monster that was controled by one of the developers of the game , it also brought back Asheron himself -LRB- also developer controled -RRB- . The event introduced a maryiad of new weapons and quests along with a huge storyline that everyone from the lv 1 to lv 100 made a impact in . Some technical terms of Asherons Call are the exillent graphics , provided you have a 3D accelerator , and fantastic charcater Emotes . For example you can type * angry * and in the game your character will shake his fist up and down . There are also different trade skills such as alcamey and fletching instead of just fighting . Another thing about Asherons Call is you never truly die , your spirt is attuned to lifestone witch you can change at any time and upon death you are portaled back to the lifestone . Asherons Call is a social game , although it can be played solo , it is much more fun to join allegainces and go on group hunts or quests . The econamy in Dereth is not just the for of money -LRB- pyreals -RRB- , but is based on a everchangeing trade syestem . There are meeting halls and festival areas for tradeing and allegaince groupings . Recently added are casinos and reported to be adding in the upcomeing expansion pack Dark Majesty a character can buy and own houses . Once you get the hang of Asherons Call you will quickly become a familiar with everything said above . It is impossible to tell everything about the game and it would take the fun out of exploring it yourself so i will stop here . The game has a $ 10 a month fee but is well worth it . I hope I see you in Dereth = -RRB-
 Asheron 's Call , like Everquest and Ultima Online , allows huge numbers of players to adventure together in a fantasy role-playing setting . It features good to great graphics and a HUGE world that you can explore and play around in with your friends . I 've played this , EQ , and UO , and Asheron 's Call is my favorite !
 Once you set aside the role-playing aspect , this is a fun game . You do not get the range of emotion you get from text-based games , nor the imersion into whatever your imgagination holds , but there is a sense of community . The allegiance system , while abused by many , is a good way to make friends , establish connections , and get involved with the back story and on-going quests . The scenery is beautiful - if you can see it , you can get there -LRB- well , to nearly every place -RRB- . The critters leave much to be desiered , tho were recently re-designed and have improved . The character creation is wonderful . The options mean you wo n't see your twin or triplet or hundreth copy as in EQ . -LRB- EQ has better monsters , AC has better characters . Both have great scenery , tho AC 's seamless travel is much preferred to `` zoning '' . -RRB- I recommend it for what it is - a graphics , medival genre GAME . If you want more role-play and imagination , head over to Gemstone III or DragonRealms .
 Still alive and well , AC has some life in it . I 've played since release and love it more today than I did then . Sure theres a monthly fee , but the game gets new monsters , quests , items , game systems , etc. . EVERY month . For many there is no need for another game to play ! So that a flat rate there , $ for all your computer gaming for a year ! Tis an incredible deal . The above reviews are very old , cheaters have been removed . Wonderful third party applications have been added that enhances the game , allowing one to chat on IRC while in-game , control Winamp while in-game , etc. . These fall under the plug-in Platform `` Decal '' , found on Sourceforge . Balance has returned to Asheron 's Call , some will always do better at some monsters than others , its the advantages of that class . But thats just it ! These days if ya do n't like how you 've done your char , you can make some adjustments via new quests . The skill system of Asheron 's Call is of untold beauty and far out does any other game in existence , especially Ever Quest or Asheron 's Call 2 . AC is a very social game , allegiances take care of their own and will help many a newbie . However , one can survive very well as a soloer , I am kinda a mixture of both . Theres puzzles , tons of quests , PKing -LRB- by choice -RRB- , Trading -LRB- an unimaginably dynamic economy -RRB- , and so soo much more ...
 This has got to be the best multiplayer game of all time . I have played EverQuest , and I did n't get why anyone would play a massivly MP game . I randomly grabbed AC the other day , and now I know.As soon as I entered the enormous world of Dereth , I knew that I was gon na love it . The graphics were amazing and still caused no lag . In fat , all lag is minimal , and the game is still amazing . The best part is that it is all original . No elves , dwarfes or Orcs anywhere . I battled Drudges as opposed to goblins , and epic battles with gromnies replace the ubiquitous dragon . I was astounded by the way it was so easy to start , but still managed to get you thinking . I often leave the screen with tales of chivalry on my part.This game is a great way to meet people . Other players are always helpful , and are usually willing to help a new player with a gift of pyreals , the currency used in the game . For the competitive PvP is available.Anyone who does not get this game is really missing out .
 Be warned that once you start playing , you wo n't be able to stop ! I have lost many a nights sleep in this game ! Have tried UO and EQ ... they do n't compare to it ! Buy this game and have a great time !
 I have played this game off and on since about January of 2000 . This is by far the best game that I 've ever played . It allows for more character control than any game . You get to choose every single point of skill that you get . The monsters are fun to fight . The quests do n't have quest markers and you actually have to understand the game to play it well . If you like the paper-based RPGs , this is the game for you ... The story is 12 years old and has tons of stuff to play with . There 's also so many dungeons and places to explore that you 'll have plenty of time to enjoy the surroundings ! Thanks Turbine !
 Yes , the person who wrote the `` stay away '' was absolutely on the mark in the year 2000 . Seven years later its really has grown and is quite the game , content is added every month -LRB- do the math 12 world updates * 7 years -RRB- . The game has seen 2 major revisions -LRB- the latest is Throne of desitny -RRB- which had a major graphic upgrade.I started playing in the year 2000 , and after 7 years of playing , I think the game has never been better .
 AC is , by far , the greatest game I 've ever played . When I bought it in November , 1999 it was just as a time filler until Diablo II or Baldurs Gate II came out.They came out and I bought and began playing them . Turned out AC was much better than either . I left both Diablo II and BG II after finishing 25 % and came back to AC . AC can be anything you want it to be .
 I was trying to decide between the game Asheron 's Call -LRB- AC -RRB- and EverQuest -LRB- EQ -RRB- and i chose AC , because i have played bolth of them and AC has alot better graphics and the player mode is more user friendly . The fellowship system is cool too . EQ to me seems more restricted . In AC you can totally customize your charicter . Its totally your chioce . I fell if someone had to choose between EQ and AC hands down i would choose AC .
 ok i have looked and played on EverQuest and Asheron 's Call . I think that Asheron 's Call is sooo much better . The graphics are better than EQ and the controls are much more user friendly . There is a alligence pyrimid in AC as well wich is not in EQ . I feel that if you need to choose between EQ -LRB- EverQuest -RRB- and AC -LRB- Asheron 's Call -RRB- i would choose AC hands down . The feel is upbeat and lighter than EQ . It is also more challenging to use magic which i like.JC
 Asheron 's Call is an addictive RPG based in an online world called Dereth . Microsoft has briliantly taken ideas from many other RPGs adding a few of their own to make this a fun , if slightly addictive , game . The producers did not use any of the traditional RPG `` rules '' , making this game a breath of fresh air after playing games that follow the mold of the traditional RPG .
 This is game is pure fun . Its addictive . Im not writing much because i just got odne writing why not to buy ac2 . Not kidding . Look for my other post for alot of info on ac1 . Its under ac2 reveiws . Name -- does n't cut it -- AC1 has alot of landscpae , lvls , ppl , skills , and jsut alot of other things , tkae my word for it , ITS AN AWSOME GAME .
 It is not surprising to see all these excited reviews about the game . Obviously most of these reviewers have not had any experience with Everquest or Ultima Online . AC keeps many of the characteristics brought to online gaming by the other two . So many of the exciting things you can see in Dereth can also be seen in Britania or Norrath . And it certainly falls behind Everquest in the virtual social life . You can survive alone in this game and in my opinion it is not a plus . What makes online games different is the opportunity to cooperate and compete with others . F you can live in a game all by yourself , then why play it online ? On the positive side , the game has a uniqe group of monsters and lands to explore . Many things to see , long roads to run . If you are a diehard online gamer , give it a try . Otherwise go directly to Everquest .
 If you do n't like crowded towns , build up enough strength tomove out to a non-starter town EXAMPLE
 I have played this game for about one year . I gave it five stars because the game is incredible . I am ready for a new version of the game . I have many characters that are high level and they pretty much do the same routines for leveling . The game is great for a nOOb but for an old timer it gets routine.I hope that the AC team soon learns that NEW ideas need to be infused into the game . With the coming of the expension I hope that the new ideas make the game as magical as it was when I first started playing .
 I have spent countless hours on this game traveling around the world with other players , you will become addicted to this game so be careful . The people are always friendly and will be willing to help begginers out Once again this game is simply the best .
 This game is very fun ... though it is fairly addictive . For any one who wants to play something in the summer when they have nothing else to do , I would defintinly reconmend . It has best graphics when you have your inventory showing . Again , I think this game is great . Once you start playing it , you can not stop playing . I WOULD DEFININTLY RECCOMEND IT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 OK AC is one of the best games i have ever played-if not THE best . Its best points are the Alleigence System and the ever changing story-so you play the game and it wont end . Im only a level 13 in the game-and it is already fun . You can go on quests-get new items , grow in power and make friends-a great game !
 I played both Ultima and Everquest since the first days of their release . Asheron 's Call takes things to the next level . One can not underestimate the immersive element created by the fact that there are NO zones , just one huge world of rolling hills and gorgeous vistas.In addition , the rich backstory actually makes it more than a hunt for monsters.Most importantly , the game is EXTREMELY FUN !
 i would give this more stars if i could but unfortunetly the limet is 5 . I love the alligence system , the easy to use controls , and the cool world that really makes you think.I also think the little mini actions you can do are cool , like * mock * and * snowflake * and * ymca * , even though they do n't do anything in the game . they are funny.This game is definetly the best rpg i have ever played , although there are a couple things that could be improved , such as the NPCs , or non-player charecters , for those of you who do n't play any other RPGs . The game relies a little to much on players -LRB- not that i think this is a bad thing or that they should change it at all -RRB- but some more detail with the non-player charecters would be kind of cool . This is , however , still one of the best games i have ever played , and i have played a LOT of games .
 My first impression of the game was n't all too great . I played it for a few days , grew tired of it , and went back to Everquest.I hit Level 50 in Everquest and realized there was nothing left to do , the game was pointless and more frustrating than anything . So I quit and decided to give Asheron 's Call another shot . Needless to say I had alot better time than the first.Asheron 's Call is a GREAT game if you give it a fair chance . The first few levels suck but after you get past the initial newbie levels the game opens up and becomes very enjoyable . You get to control just about every aspect of your characters development from his eye color to his attributes and skills.I find the landscape and environment graphics to be excellent but the charcter and enemies look a little rough . But if you are looking for great graphics in an online game go to Everquest . But if you are looking for a fun , productive , and extremely large game with limitless potential Asheron 's Call is the way to go .
 I have played and heard form people that play role playing games . A big plus about this game is that it has a very wide spread terrian and you can PICK if you want to kill or not to . In other games I play people can kill you just if they feel like it and it gets very very annyoing . Another thing about this game is the charecters . You can pick and be whatever you want to be , and they even have some choices for you . One thing bad about it is that some people are a little out of charecter . Like , they talk about things that obtain to the real world . Other then that , that is the only problum . It is one of the best online games I ever played .
 This is by far one of the best online pay-to-play games out there . It works on a wide variety of computers , unlike everquest which only works on a handful of computers and also everquest requires a 3d card , which AC does not . the world the game takes place in is HUGE and all of it can be explored , from forests to deserts to high mountains . Getting your character started is fun and easy , starting with customizing your character down to the last detail , like eyelashes , and starting level building is much easier than in EQ and UO , you do not start as helpless as a baby , able to be killed by anything that happens to be near you , you start with basic weapons , and you can kill monsters close to town , and monsters inhabiting shallow dungeons.All new players are given a `` newbie '' quest , they can range from as easy as delivering a letter to retriving a powerful axe from a dungeon swarming with monsters.I have much to say about this game , but i suppose ill stop here , all i can say is that this game is TRULY great , and worth the price .
 This game is very unique . You will get hooked . The developers at turbine have made the game so that it is not always the same thing over and over again . They change the game as you play . For example , if i started the game a month ago i would have things that a person that just started will never be able to get . The enemy is always changing , evolving , and getting smarter to keep up the pace of the game . Overall i think that this is a wonderful game and that it will be a top seller . If you can afford it buy this game i would recomend getting it.P.S . its worth it
 When EverQuest came out it was clear that the developers from Verant had learned from the mistakes made in Ultima Online . Now with Asheron 's Call , it 's clear that the developers at Turbine have learned from the mistakes made in EverQuest.The evironmental graphics are superb , easily better than EverQuest 's eye candy . Unfortunately the character/monster graphics are n't quite as well done.Sound is wonderfully well done . You can actually identify many monsters by the sound of their footsteps , something that ca n't be said for EverQuest with a few notable exceptions . There 's no repetitive midi music to get on your nerves every time you go to town.Unlike EverQuest , Asheron 's Call wo n't force you to group with others . That means that you can still play even when you ca n't find a group to join . In EverQuest I almost never ventured into dungeons because I was usually playing solo and dungeons just were n't viable . In Asheron 's Call I 've spent a lot of solo time in dungeons with no trouble at all.Camping is not as much of a problem in Asheron 's Call as it is in EverQuest . It still happens because people know they can get certain items in certain places but you can actually get better items off of random kills.Kill stealing also is n't as much of a problem . Whoever does the most damage to the monster still gets primary looting rights to the corpse but at least you earn experience as you fight monsters instead of when you kill them , which means you 'll at least get your fair share of experience.Derath is a huge world compared to Norrath so overcrowding is n't as much of a problem . If there are too many people where you are now , just pick a direction and run off a little ways and you 'll be all by your lonesome.When you die you temporarily lose some hit points and stamina , but you get them back as you gain more experience . You also only leave behind half your money and one or two of your most valuable items on your corpse so if you ca n't get back to it for some reason , it 's no big deal . That 's a lot better than EverQuest where you lose increasingly large chunks of experience and leave all of your gear on your corpse , losing everything if you ca n't recover it for some reason.Customer support is good . I 've actually seen advocates wandering around asking people if they need help with anything . Turbine also announces planned updates well in advance giving full details and explaining why the changes are being made . And Turbine plans to have monthly developer online chats so the players can make their opinions known.Turbine also plans to have a special event every month that will advance their ongoing storyline and so far the special events have been designed so that everyone can participate in some manner . Thats a lot better than EverQuest where a special event is defined as letting the GMs see how many 10th level and lower players they can kill with an army of 20th level warbone skeletons before the high level players step in to help the newbies out.Asheron 's Call does have some drawbacks , which is why it only gets 4 stars instead of 5 . As I 've already mentioned , the character/monster graphics are n't all that great . The interface is a bit clunky and could definitely be better . The chat system also needs work to make it easier for players to communicate with each other . Monster AI is n't all that good , often making monsters easier kills than they should be . Since the game is being bankrolled by Microsoft , you have to play it on the Zone which means you 're getting lag from people playing other games and you have to use Internet Explorer instead of Netscape Navigator or another web browser.On the whole , though , if you 're looking to get into a massively multiplayer online role playing game , Asheron 's Call is the way to go . At least until another MMORPG comes out that 's learned from AC 's mistakes . ; - -RRB-
 Asheron 's Call , the latest addition to the Massively Multiplayer Role Playing Game Arena offers more then any other game in its marketplace . ONE
 Positives ? Allegiance system -LRB- higher level characters help lower level ones -RRB- , lush 3-D graphics -LRB- I 'd recommend a 3D card to get the full effect -RRB- , evolving world , wonderfully complex magic system , customizable characters , huge variety of monsters , weaponry , armor and locations of interest , massive world , oodles of opportunity for expansion , great interface , very helpful admins , lots of player support -LRB- websites , lists , etc. -RRB- , non-player killer worlds.Negatives
 First off , I 've played Ultima Online as well as EverQuest and found Asheron 's Call a very refreshing change . I feel the game creators actually learned from their Beta testers and from the mistakes made by the other two previously mentioned games . The game does not FORCE you to group with other players , but you can CHOOSE to group and gain experience either way . You can become an expert alchemist or fletcher and you do gain experience doing these and other skills . There are no annoying zones unless you count dungeons . Your character CAN actually outrun most monsters provided you decide to ` run ' soon enough . I like the numerous spells and sophisticated spell system and do not mind purchasing components as money is fairly easy to come by in this world . The game is huge and the background graphics are beautiful . At first , I was disappointed with the character graphics but quickly got past this misconception and realized the graphics are just ... different . There are no blatantly provocative-looking female characters running around scantily armor-clad as in EQ , which definitely got in the way at times . Even though the servers are crowded , I have not had the usual problems associated with overcrowding as in ` lag ' or ` camping ' , although the dungeons are often full of people during peak gaming times . Also , you can choose to be a casual player or a power-gamer and either way , find that perfect balance of enjoyment suited to your needs . Lastly , the world itself has an actual ever-changing as well as fascinating storyline which I find definitely enhances my gameplay experience .
 After countless hours of frustration and disappointment with Ultima Online and EverQuest -LRB- although UO still retains a great deal of potential -RRB- , Asheron 's Call was a great relief.One of the best features is that the monsters are n't `` typical '' sword 'n sorcery fare . In other words , do n't come looking for orcs , goblins , giants , etc. . While the bestiary of AC obviously derives from these fantasy fiction archetypes , it develops them differently , adding to the strong sense that one is truly in an `` unknown world . `` AC is a bit quiet as far as ambient sound goes . Honestly , I like that . I usually listen to music while playing and this arrangement suits me just fine -LRB- and for any veterans of EverQuest , it 's certainly nice to not dream about that incessant and irritating gnoll barking -RRB- . The graphics are a bit basic , but again , I find that a likeable feature . And if nothing else , it shows that the game developers and programmers are more concerned about the FUNCTIONALITY of the game than the appearance . However , the environment -LRB- and most especially the night sky -RRB- are detailed and quite stunning in their own right.This MMORPG is also excellent for the casual player -LRB- such as myself -RRB- . Other games requiring endless hours of sitting , practicing skills , fighting , etc in order to make the smallest headway . AC 's rewards are more commensurate with one 's efforts , and those rewards are satisfying.AC is admittedly not for the power gaming types , although they are there . Since I 'm not a power gamer , I feel more comfortable with the people online there and have a much better online role-playing experience .
 As this is the first online RPG that I 've tried , I must say that I am fully impressed . It was a toss-up for me between Asheron 's Call and Everquest . After trying the beta of AC , I was hooked . I 'm using a P200 with 32MB of RAM and a 56K modem , and the game world runs quite smoothly , but sometimes gets bogged down with lag.The world is literally 25 miles by 25 miles . It took me 2 hours to run from Yanshi to Cragstone ! The fighting system is quite sophisticated , with multiple attack heights , speeds , and power . I find the magic system challenging and fun , because it 's up to the player to discover the formulas to all of the magic spells . The social system is quite complex -- you can swear allegiance to another player , and other players can swear allegiance to you , forming a social pyramid.The character system is skill-based , and skills are raised through practice or by allocating experience points to them . Thus , players can customize characters to a very deep degree.There are no ` zones ' ; it 's one long , continuous world . Dungeons , ruins , caves , and other areas are varied , and challenge low , medium , and high level characters alike.This game has kept me playing for hours on end , and I still have n't discovered more than a small part . Highly recommended !
 Asheron 's Call * IS * a massivley multiplayer game that will suck you in and keep you in ! It is the BEST -LRB- or worst -RRB- enemy of resposibility ever invented . But , as with everything , there are pluses and minuses.My system recommendations
 Asheron 's Call is a very immersive , addictive game . Its beautiful 3D terrains are captivating to say the least . Characters are unique in appearance and ability . There are no set `` classes '' , you make your character and improve it however you wish . There is no player killing for those that do not want to harrassed , yet they have a server set aside for those that do . The three human races and many monsters are unique , and do not follow the traditional fantasy standard , but instead it is a refreshing creative world.There is a political system like a pyramid . A monarch is at the top who has vassals under him . He is their patron and generally looks after them with help , gifts , etc. while his vassals generate extra experience for their patron at no extra charge to the vassal . These vassals may in turn have vassals under them , and that 's where AC gets interesting . If all this sounds confusing , or you prefer to play solo , AC makes it easy to do . You can team up with other real players , or you can go off by yourself . The world of Dereth is huge ! It is detailed in real-space 3D with a 26x26 mile map!Whether you are a solo adventurer , or are looking to conquer the world and vie for power in a virtual world with real people , Asheron 's Call is for you . * infomercial fades out , money exchanges hands * : - -RRB- Halken the Bold , Harvestgain server
 Asheron 's Call is an incredibly addictive game . From the moment I started playing , I was immediately drawn into it , with its deep backstory and unique features . The allegiance system , as described in other customer reviews here , is an interesting aspect found nowhere else . The magic system is also unique , creating an incentive for secrecy . The graphics are beautiful , but I would definitely recommend a 3D card -LRB- make sure it is compatible -RRB- . Also , Turbine has promised to hold monthly events , involving the whole gameworld , adding new monsters , items , and quests . Many things make AC different from Ultima Online and Everquest -LRB- such as the non-traditional monsters . . nothing from Tolkien -RRB- , and I heartily recommend it ! See you in Dereth !
 ... And when they say massively multiplayer , they are n't kidding ! -LRB- On a busy night , there are about 7,600 people on Dereth ... and this is before Christmas ! -RRB- The Character Generation is fabulous . Not only do you get to give your character specific skills and abilities to surivive on this foreign planet , but you get to customize their appearence . From skin color and eye shape , to haircut and clothing.Once you are in Dereth , you can bash monsters or just hang around towns . There are some players who have never left their hometown and still gain expereince and money.You can chat with other players and team up to dispatch baddies , or go solo adventuring . The game works equally well for teams and solos . Some dungeons are geared specifically for solos , some for teams ... but it 's up to you to discover which is which.The game interface is very intuitive and easy-to-learn . With a simple click of the mouse , you go from pleasant chat to battle mode . Choose hand-to-hand combat , ranged weapons , or cast magic.Unlike so many other online RPGs , Asheron 's Call has a PLOT . YES , there are goals , events , quests ... PLUS , the team at Turbine pops in and throws `` spur of the moment '' events at the players . -LRB- Ask any of us old-timers about the Tremendous Monogua ! -RRB- If you do get this game , be warned
 Asheron 's call is a game for serious role-players . I liked it because it was more interactive and `` sociale '' than other role-plays . It had a couple problems with `` lag '' or a time when the server ca n't handle all the info and the perfomance does screwy things for a couple seconds . Dazzling effects !
 This game is a massive , huge world , full of wonderful scenery . Fun way to make online friends , wonderful items , spells , hunting system . Only one major flaw
 ** WARNING ** actually , two warnings :1 -RRB- Despite the entry for it in the `` Platforms '' section on this website , Asheron 's call does NOT run on Windows NT 4.0 - it requires DirectX 6 or higher . You 'll need Windows 95/98 or the forthcoming Windows 2000.2 -RRB- This game is highly addictive , so do n't expect to have much in the way of a social life if you enter the world of Dereth . : -RRB-
 I started playing this game back in 2000 , since then I have been hooked . A lot has changed the game is still very much active . Of all the games I have ever played this one stands out the most . No game has ever come close to it 's sheer AWESOMNESS . Hands down has the best PVP of any game to date . PS YOU CAN DOWNLOAD this for free from they 're webpage just got ta pay the subscription and there is a free trial . Go to VN Boards darktide section to get help there is plenty people there willing to help . Come join us and you wo n't regret it .
 The game started in 1999 and is still inhabited by 100 's of players in 2012 . The pvp in Asheron 's Call is rivaled by no other .
 The game is awesom , i like the vast landscape . The game is massive , would you belive it takes a full 8 hours to run the entire of dereth with a 100 run skill , and there are over 350 spells ! Also the fact that the game updates every month provides a new chalange . More than 20,000 people play the game so there is always someone to chat to when you are n't hunting or doing quests . Also there is sooo much armor and weapons that you are constantly searching for new stuff . The game is really cool , I know atleast 15 people who play it in real life ... . Also with the expansion pack peeps are going to be able to get their own houses ! ...
 The game is very nicely done . Unlike other MMORPG 's out there they update thier content -LRB- dungeons , items , quests , etc -RRB- every month . If you like exploring and doing quests then your going to love the game . However combat in it with monsters is mediocre once you understand how the monsters will react to a situation . Another problem to the game is powergaming . If all your intrested in is getting to a high level really fast then you will find the game annoying and boring a lot quicker . I am not kidding but there are people who camp in certain dungeons and have never actually seen any of the low-mid level content . The PK server -LRB- Darktide -RRB- is good fun too , once you realise you will be killed by other people . However there are a large number of cheaters and a couple of high level guilds exploiting by hacking the client . Turbine are banning people , but they are n't really going far enough . As it stands to get anywhere on DT you have compete against people with hacked clients .
 I 've never seen a game with the number of possibilities this one has . I 've built mages , melle chaacters and cook/alchemists in this game . And the patronage / alliance system adds a great dememsion .
 This is the best game I have ever played . It never gets old , because it changes every month . I highly recommend this game .
 You will play nothing else ! Simply put , Asheron 's Call will keep you glued to your computer to the exclusion of everything in your real life . Be forewarned that once you enter the world of Dereth it will be very , very hard to return , it 's that good .
 It was great 10x better than EVERQUEST OR ANARCHY
 Theese are a few reasons I love this game ; Dynamic and changing world half the size of Rhode Island ! -- Play online with -LRB- talk , hunt , trade , etc -RRB- together with atleast 1000 to 3000 players in this world . -- Many different and great weapons that you learn about and can buy when you get more $ $ $ $ -- Tons of different Monsters -LRB- high and low levels -RRB- -- More , if i had the time I would tell you -- JUST A VERY COOL GAME
 Words can not do justice to AC . It 's absolutely mindblowing and highly addictive.BUY IT !
 My sister bought this for my nephiews and we both tried out the game . The cool thing is that 2 people can play it or just one person . This is the first time I have ever played a Tak game and I am hooked . Its challenging but also very funny . I also love how you can go back through a level and get more points or to beat the other teams . You go through a series of puzzles on the differant levels . I am seriously thinking about getting the game myself . Its one of the most fun I have played in a long time . I would recomend it to anyone .
 Thanks to THQ and Avalanche ; We 're blessed with a third Tak game . Yet , if you 'll notice the box , it does n't have a 3 attached to the title anywhere . If you 're wondering why ... well , this game is n't quite like the first two games . See , in this game , every 60 years - competitors from far away lands take part in an Olympic-style event to gain favor of the mighty Moon Juju Goddess . Tak and his partner Lok are from the Pupanunu tribe , and it 's your goal to have them capture as many prizes as possible . As you work through the challenges , you 'll be able to go through new checkpoints and gain time to finish other areas . The idea is to finish each area with the most time and points in order to beat the competing tribes . The catch is , to accomplish your objectives , you have to work together as a team to accomplish them . Tak and Lok both have different Juju powers they 'll possess to make it through the game . So , if one ca n't accomplish the objective , you have to figure out how you can between the both of you . The multiplayer co-op is a good thing that is added in , as well , so not just one but two people can play to make it through The Great Juju Challenge . So , while it might not be quite like the first two Tak games , it 's still a challenging platformer that adds a fresh new perspective to the Tak games and will surely be loved by kids and adults alike . Along the way , you 'll see the likes of characters from past games as well as new ones in the forms of others tribes like the Black Mist tribe , the JibbaJabba tribe , or the Grammazon tribe.Like the Nintendo DS Tak game , much of The Great Juju Challenge 's strength comes from the challenges you face . It 's a real blast playing the game co-op with another person but , at times , can be a frustrating experience if played alone . Despite that , Tak
 INTRO.Honestly , this game is one of the most fun I have ever played . I tried it out with my sister , and we both had a blast switching off between Tak and Lok , yelling , `` It 's this way ! '' or , `` Toss me up here ! '' or `` No , no , throw the barrel THAT way ! '' . I have n't tried playing this by myself , and while I know it 's probably stil very fun , I would recommend playing this with a friend or a family member.GAMEPLAYThis game brings back the classic platforming element of the first two games , but it adds the twist of being able to play as either Lok and/or Tak . Two people can play , or just one . I loved that addition to the game because it was just so much fun laughing and playing through the game with my sister . The gameplay is very solid ; you get tons of different Juju powers and attacks to help you through the levels . I enjoyed how the game kept a balance of too difficult and too easy . It might give you a break , but it 'll get you thinking before long . You might get a little frustrated , but it gives you enough ways to figure out what the problem is . The music is easily listenable to ; I do n't get bored or tired of listening to it , even after a while . The dialogue is smooth , funny , and seems well thought-out . This game gives you so many levels and variety of challenges that you wo n't find yourself slogging through the game like you just want it to be over . Like I said , although the game is very fun , maybe try someone to play it with . I know the experience would n't have been the same without lauhging with my sister over the level challenges.PROS & CONSPros :1 . Nice , Tak-style fighting/Juju moves2 . Brings back classic Tak platforming element3 . Keeps a balance of easy and hard4 . No glitches I know of5 . Variety of worlds and puzzles6 . Added two-player gameplay makes it more fun7 . Smooth dialogue8 . As always , extremley nice graphics8 . Un-cliched plot -LRB- You 're not trying to save the world -RRB- Cons :1 . It might get a bit tiring/frustrating/not as fun if you play without a partner.OVERALLBuy this game !!! It 's definitely a keeper .
 My 5 year old son and I have had a ball playing this game . It has it 's frustrating moment , but overall it has been a great way for my son and I to experience team play . I highly recommend this game to any father who wants to play a game with his son , before the son goes far beyond the Father 's capabilities !
 So , if you 've read the Tak and The Power of Juju , that has a fewname of the levels and four levels that I showed you in The Sta-ff of Dreams review , well , I have to come to bring good news ! t-here is a comedy game that has improved A LOT ! Tak
 I got this game for my nephew . I ended up having to play it 3 times over . We completed all of the missions and had fun with it for about a month . Its a pretty straight forward game great for a 5 year old or . . a 19 year old . Its pretty easy and the graphics are not bad at all . I will however warn that there is a sort of ... friendly fire , in which the characters can actually hurt or kill each other . I found this very annoying ... but my nephew loved it . This game is great for kids . Expect for the end , which firstly is pretty hard to figure out and second to complete . We did n't get to complete it because it seems that the other characters are cheating and we just gave up . . but for anyone with much more patience it can be a very good choice .
 We got Tak 3 the other day , and my 7 and 12 year old ca n't stop playing . The fact that they can both play at once , and that they have to depend on each other to get through the game levels is the big selling point . Great voice overs by Loc -LRB- the guy from `` The Tick '' -RRB- and a humerous story line really help it out too.Great family game .
 They scanned john cena perfect , rey too . It has good weapons including the fire extinguisher you can spray with the a button . The steel cage matches are the best especially if you are doing a tag team match . I always use the sledgehammer in matches against carlito and eugene the graphics are great ! BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!! Just for $ 50.00 !!!!!!!!
 I 've spent the better part of Labor Day weekend glued to this game . If you liked the first Day of Reckoning , you will like the second installment just as much , if not more.Pros : The controls and gameplay are exactly like the first . It 's very fluid and easy to manage . Not much has changed here and I 'm glad that they did n't mess with it.The AI is much improved . I 've played numerous Tag Team matches and the CPU is much smarter than before . Now they will cut off the ring and keep you on their side . They tend to throw you into the turnbuckle and perform a lot of double-team moves . If one of them is pinning you , the other will jump into the ring to try and prevent your partner from breaking up the count . If , by chance , the CPU is whooping you up on your side of the ring , they will knock down your partner before they try to pin you . Do n't worry , it 's not to the point where it 's totally unfair . In my opinion , this makes for a much more enjoyable game . It 's a little peskier , but definitely more realistic and fun.The storyline is also improved . You must still use your created wrestler to play in the Story Mode . In the first DoR , you basically went through the same storyline with each franchise . This time , you start off on RAW and eventually find yourself on Smackdown . The biggest improvement to the storyline is that there are a few occassions where you are asked to choose your destiny . For example , you are given the choice of choosing your Tag Team partner when both of those wrestlers approach you and express interest in pairing up with you . I 've only come across about two or three of these instances so far so I only know one storyline . I assume -LRB- and hope -RRB- that if I had chosen the other options , I would be in a totally different scenario . Nonetheless , just having the option to make choices is an upgrade over the first game.The Create-A-Wrestler is about as deep and intuitive as the first . I 've heard that there might be a few less features but I have n't really noticed . When creating your wrestler , you must now take into consideration his/her Skills when you are distributing his/her Attribute points . The Skills are what you need to raise in order to unlock new moves . There are several Skills categories including Grappling , Striking and Dirty Tactics . As your Skill level rises in each category , new moves will become available to you . As a result , you must find a good balance when you distribute your points . If you distribute too many Attribute points , you will be stuck with very weak and unimpressive moves.Also new to CAW is your Call Name and Location . Just like in real wrestling , there will be a ring announcer who says the name , location and weight of the wrestler who is about to enter the arena . While this is a neat feature , the Call Name is limited to a number of preset recordings that are pretty generic -LRB- ie . The Alien and The Monster -RRB- . Actual names are included as well but you will need a common name like David or Jennifer to be able to use this . If you do n't like those , you do n't need to use the Call Name.The graphics are great and a lot better than the first DoR ! Everything is so much smoother and cleaner . The faces are more detailed . This game probably has the best facial reproduction that I 've seen in a video game . New camera angles are also another fine addition.Cons : The game 's soundtrack is lacking . All the wrestler 's themes are there , do n't worry . But there is no licensed music on this game like there was in the first . Now there are a bunch of cheesy rock instrumentals to take its place . They 're not too bad but they 're not great either.There are still no voice-overs . All the dialogue is still in plain text across the screen.Summary : As you can see , there are n't too many negatives to this game . What negatives there are do n't take away from the overall experience either . This is a great game and a worthy sequel in the DoR franchise .
 It 's da bomb ! The graphics are as realistic as it gets and every bit of your brain can be used . When you 're on a submission , there 's one of four pain choices to choose from -LRB- drain , submit , taunt , and rest -RRB- . Your opponent must choose the same choice as you in order to escape the hold.The new stamina is slightly awesome . almost every move you make reduces your stamina a bit . Sounds bad ? Actually , it 's part of the realism . See , once your stamina 's gone , your person gets tired and weakens everything . But , a good rest will restore your stamina.Story mode continues where the first DoR left off . Your titles gone , and you must win it back . Although one of the main objectives is winning the championship , another thing is important to the storyline , and that 's a personnal rivalry . I not at that part yet because i 'm stuck on Summerslam , a nearly impossible match -LRB- a fatal-four-way cage -RRB- CAW is top-notch , but a bit inferior to the first DoR , because in order to access a move , you must raise a stat attribute . And many must be raised quite high.Anyway , this game rules . When it comes to getting this game , TRUST NO ONE!REKANIZE !!!
 This game is GREAT . I love the season mode as well . and do n't worry there are no `` GLITCHES '' in this game unlike WM21 for Xbox . Over all worth buying if you like the first DOR .
 My cousin bought this game the 4th day it came out and we started playing it . We were impressed , very impressed . DOR2 has more to this game then the 1st one . The graphics are amazing . New characters like Eugene , Muhamad Hussan , Rene Dupree -LRB- Comes out with fe ` fe -RRB- , Cristy Hemmy , -LRB- But no Lita grrrr -RRB- . I 'm kind of saden about the legends though not really . Stone Cold Steve Austin , Hogan , The Rock , and Mankind -LRB- But no Andre -RRB- . The New submission and Stamina system are great in this game . There are a couple of glitches and loading sucks . But other than that This game beats all other wrestling games . This maybe the last THQ wrestling game for GC -LRB- Probably DOR3 for Revolution -RRB- but this is the greatest of all time . Do n't rent it . Buy it you 'll love it
 I was very pleased with this game . It 's a very big improvement over last year . But first things first , the negatives , loading times can get a bit annoying in the caw mode but nothing too major . . minor things like Christian not having the C on his tights , Mysterio does n't have his gloves , Orton does n't have his wrist tape are noticable but not a huge deal . The gameplay has n't changed very much which is actually a good thing , the new stamina meter really adds alot of realism to the matches . Blood staining the mat is great also . As far as my view thats basically all the good and the bad summed up . Overall if you 're going to wine about little things then you wont enjoy the game as much . But if you 're a true wrestling gamer and can enjoy a game for the gameplay itself and the OVERALL presentation then this is a great buy and a great upgrade from last year .
 There is part of me that would say that this is the best wrestling game available on the Gamecube . Of the four WWE titles , this one is probably the best , though i still seem to find myself playing the first one more , and though it definately improves upon every problem that I had with the first one , it does n't go much beyond that , and it seems to have sacrificed a lot of soul , or art design in favor of better graphics , and a new control scheme which I like , but I just ca n't help but feel like they did n't try that hard with this one . It seemed like with every installment they kept trying to get better and more out of their titles , and with this one , they just kind of said , what can we get away with . I mean in is a finished and polished game , it just feels like they did n't shoot very high on this one . I mean at this point , any wrestling game that you are going to get , its probably not going to be all of them , you want the best of a genre for your collection unless you are a big collector , in which case you are already going to get it regardless of my review , but for my money , Day of Reckoning is the better game , but still its good enough to make you really think .
 I had the same problem like one reviewer . Should I pay $ 50 dollars for this game or wait till it goes down to $ 20 in a year ? I said screw it , and decided to buy the game . The loading seems to take awhile , unlocking superstars is a pain , last man standing match is confusing , and the crowd gets in the way of the picture when fighting on the outside . Other then that , its a fun game . The controls are the same as the first , which makes it easy to learn and fun . The game is life like almost , and the new stars are fun to play . I recommend if you like wrestling games . If you dont , then dont even bother .
 It is also better than WWE SmackDown ! vs. RAW on the PlayStation 2 , i did have WWE SVR but i have unlocked everything , beat it and enjoyed it it was a little disappointing so i gave it to my friend Ashley -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- who plays it a lot on multi-player mode against his little brother Daniel who is 5 . But WWE Day Of Reckoning 2 is better than SVR in everyway except sometimes the actual fighting.This maybe not better than WWE SmackDown ! vs. RAW 2006 though.I have played this 3 times on my cousins GameCube.WWE DOR2 is better than the N64 hit `` WWF No Mercy ! '' and the PS1 hit `` WWF SmackDown ! 2 : Know Your Role ! '' but they are old news now anyway , there is no WWF anymore it was disbanded by WWE in some case gainst World Wildlife Fund -LRB- also WWF -RRB- and so the name has changed as well as away to change stuff around i.e. Stories , arenas , RAW is WAR broke down the name to RAW etc.WWF / WWE games are impressive on PS2 and GameCube but they lack on XBox -LRB- WWF RAW , WWE RAW 2 and WWE WrestleMania 21 -RRB- . the WWF/WWE `` WrestleMania '' titles also lack the only decent one was N64 ` s WWF WrestleMania 2000 which is the second best WWF game on N64.sorry i could n`t explain WWE DOR2 but other reviewers can-Here i will just list out some WWF/WWE games on all 5th and 6th gen consoles -LRB- i might miss one -RRB- PLAYSTATION 1 : WWF In Your House ! -LRB- old WWF logo , and is 2D -RRB- -LRB- 1996 -RRB- WWF WarZone -LRB- First 3D wrestling game -RRB- -LRB- 1998 -RRB- WWF Attitude ! -LRB- `` GET IT ! '' -RRB- -LRB- 1999 -RRB- WWF SmackDown ! -LRB- 1999 OR 2000 not sure which -RRB- WWF SmackDown ! 2 : Know Your Role ! -LRB- 2000 -RRB- NINTENDO 64 : WWF WarZone -LRB- same as PS1 ver -RRB- -LRB- 1998 -RRB- WWF Attitude -LRB- again same PS1 ver -RRB- -LRB- 1999 -RRB- WWF WrestleMania 2000 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- WWF No Mercy ! -LRB- 2001 -RRB- DREAMCAST : WWF Attitude ! -LRB- SAME ! -RRB- -LRB- Dunno NEmore DC WWF games -RRB- PlayStation 2 : WWF SmackDown ! 3 : Just Bring It ! -LRB- 2001 -RRB- WWE SmackDown ! 4 : Shut Your Mouth ! -LRB- first WW-E game on PS -RRB- -LRB- 2002 -RRB- WWE SmackDown ! 5 : Here Comes The Pain ! -LRB- 2003 -RRB- WWE SmackDown ! vs. RAW -LRB- 2004 -RRB- WWE SmackDown vs. RAW 2006 -LRB- Also on PSP -RRB- -LRB- 2005 -RRB- GAMECUBE : WWF WrestleMania X8 -LRB- early 2002 , commonly dubbed as a WWE game -RRB- WWE WrestleMania XIX -LRB- 2003 -RRB- WWE Day Of Reckoning -LRB- 2004 -RRB- WWE Day Of Reckoning 2 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- XBOX : WWF RAW/sometimes WWF RAW is WAR -LRB- 2001 -RRB- WWE RAW 2 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- WWE WrestleMania 21 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- -LRB- I did not mention any WCW , ECW or anyother wrestling games i just mentioned WWF/WWE ones -RRB- Best 2005 WWE games are in order :1 -RRB- WWE SVR 20062 -RRB- WWE DOR23 -RRB- WWE WM-21 . ---------------------------------------------- hoping for in future WWE : SmackDown ! and RAW rejoin , The Rock returns full time , Lots of Stone Cold vs McMahon stuff , The Rock to grow back some more hair , John Cena and randy Orton form a tag-team , Brock Lesnar returns , The UnderTaker go to his `` American BadAzz-Goth style rather than this legend state i want him back on his motorbike again , Kane to put his mask on again .
 I 've have n't played the game yet . But I might buy it on the 1st of november . If you 'll want to write me comments about the game . Like is it better than smackdown vs. Raw 06 ? Or does wwe day of reckoning 2 has the elimination chamber or the buried alive match ? My email address is thekingis2@hotmail.com
 Well in my opinion its the best wrestling game made 2day . Its better then the first game . The story line is much better . And its much more realiztic . More then any wrestling game ever made in my opinion . And it has much more better ppl then n the first day or reckoning .
 this is a good game but rent it before buying it i only played it for the new roster but that gets boring after a while
 Prior to purchasing this game , I was using Wrestlemania 19 . I must say , what a major difference between the two . Nearly every aspect about this game has improved from its predecessors . Anything from Gameplay to Story Mode , Create-A-Wrestler , fighting system , you name it . There are some changes that are remarkable and yet challenging in some parts.Lets begin with the GAMEPLAY . The wrestling moves are a lot more realistic . For example , my finished is the pedigree . This move is unbelievably cool . Your wrestler jumps in the air about 6 ' with your opponent and comes crashing down onto the mat . Phenomenal . The games features TONS of new moves which are crazy . Two , as opposed to the traditional one spirit meter for your wrestler , there is now Stamina and Spirit meters . Be careful . This is where the game become very realistic . You must preserve your wrestlers stamina because you ca n't just keep pounding away like in previous games . Everytime you run or attack your opponent , he loses more and more stamina . And when the meter gets to near the bottom `` RED ZONE '' , your wrestler will just stand still in the ring with his head down and his hands at his legs resting until the meter begins to go up again . Also the spirit system you must be careful with . If your spirit gets to blue or at `` Danger '' , chances are you will lose the match . The submission system has been completely reworked . When you put your opponent into submission mode , using the C-stick , you have four options . You can select , `` Submit '' which will give you the submission meter where you must tap `` A '' repeatedly to bring the arrow in the meter to the submit `` blue '' area . Or you can select `` Drain '' which drains your opponents stamina . Three is `` Rest Hold '' which drains your opponents physical strength . Fourth is `` Taunt '' , which lowers your opponents spirit . Be careful though , when your first perform a submission move , your opponent can choose one of the four options too , and if you both choose the same thing , he 'll kick right out of it . The matches are much more realistic , with the new AI Sytem . The computer has its own mind and strategies to make the fights more tough instead of one-sided . The Create-A-Wrestler mode is much more enhanced with more apparel , more moves -LRB- though you have to work your way through story mode to unlock the rest of the moves -RRB- , better entrance effects . The Story mode is very diverse . As you go through , occasionally , the computer will give you two options . For example
 First off , I actually do n't even have a gamecube , yet . I might pick one up today with this game -LRB- if its out yet -RRB- . But I 'm a huge wrestling fan and this game just looks sweet . First off the roster -LRB- actual announced roster -RRB- : Randy OrtonTriple HBatistaChris JerichoChristianEdgeChris BenoitShawn MichaelsShelton BenjaminEugeneKaneTajiriRic FlairWilliam RegalHurricaneMuhammad HassanKurt AngleJohn CenaUndertakerJBLCarlito Caribbean CoolBooker TRey MysterioRob van DamEddie GuerreroBig ShowHeidenreichRene DupreeKenzo SuzukiChavo GuerreroOrlando JordanTrish StratusStacy KieblerTorrie WilsonGene SnitskyMavenChris MastersPaul LondonChristy HemmeLegendsSteve AustinHoganBret HArtThe RockMan-KindArenas : RawSmackDownHeatVelocityWrestleMania 21BacklashJudgment DayBad BloodGreat American BashVengeanceSummerslamUnforgivenNo MercyTaboo TuesdaySurvivor SeriesArmageddonRoyal RumbleNo Way Out
 Muy buena , y mejor el precio ... La cinta funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n , lleg&oacute; en el tiempo previsto , y mis sobrinos est&aacute;n disfrutando del video juego .
 i wish they make games like this its much more better than what are they doing right now
 This is by far the greatest wrestling game of all time . Even with games like LOW , SVR 08/09 , or the jolk that was TNA impact , DOR II is still by far the best and still as much fun as it was when it was released . The gameplay has yet to be matched by any game since and the moves are executed way better and more realistic than newer games . This game has by far the best CAW and the funfactor is off the scale . This is by far the greatest wrestling game ever made and the one I still play most today on my Wii .
 I bought this game for my seven year old son and he loves it . The graphics are great and the game is easy for kids to control and have alot of fun with .
 This game is the best wrestling game that I have played in a long time ! Works great and I will buy from this seller again .
 This game provides general improvements over the original Day of Reckoning , updated wrestlers and improved graphics . The stamina feature is an overdue touch of `` realism '' . Good work overall .
 Okay the ups are there are good characters and good moves . Some more are the good create an entrance . The downs are there are no voice overs bad season and not enough legends . It took me like 1 year to complete game . If you want the best wretling game buy svr 2006
 This game is nice . I really love legands so if it 's ok I wan na talk about them . First off , Austin , all you have to do is play 5 1-1s vs the computer and try to win by pin or submit . Any way , he has the second greatest stats I 've seen -LRB- after Angel ughhh -RRB- he is at 93 stats and can whoop a ** & give da finga -LRB- sorry for that screwed up language -RRB- . Next up we have my persnal favorite MANKIND . The hardcore legand -LRB- and first ever hardcore champion -RRB- is here and after ten MORE matches -LRB- not 5 more , a full 10 more -RRB- but it 's worth it . He is at 59 and is missing everything but mr.socko -LRB- cnat take it out which stinks -RRB- and Barbie -LRB- remember , that 2 by 4 wrapped in barb-wire -RRB- . He has the MANKIND music , the scarry type one which WOULD be OK but they only have the entrance and not the totally diffrent win music . Still -LRB- actually they do n't even have the `` The time has come ... '' thing where he talks -RRB- they DO have very detaled looks even that hair missing on his head.Next we have Bret Hart -LRB- 20 more matches -RRB- . Well the best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be probley is cool but I ca n't get him ! I did 20 , I do n't know if you can not knock some one out to do it or if you ca n't hit rematch but I did both alot.I 'll keep trying though !!! 4th is the Rock the peoples champ and , oh you know the rest . If you get to show # 20 in story , you getim . He can be hard to get but not as hard as ... The Hulkster , Oh Brother , oho . He has the yellow balding look and can be won by finishing story mode . He is very detaled , look on the back to see a picture.OTHER STUFFsorry one more thing . WHY WAS ~ WAYAH ! -LRB- ultimate Warrior -RRB- TAKEN OUT , THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN AWSOME.It 's fun but I ca n't win a last man standing matches cause day take forever.Go get it really ... now ... GO ... REALLY ! ... NOWWW !!!!
 I bought this game way back when it was first released . Strictly nostalgia is what swayed me to buy it this second time around.Some of the high points of the game are its graphics -LRB- for the time period -RRB- , move-set variety , and the roster.Low point is the CAW -LRB- create a wrestler -RRB- creation , but honestly ; no wrestling games had very versatile caw creation during the time period -- in terms of face reconstructing , body morphing .
 On wwe day of reconing 2 , the wwe divas selection is not good as it should be . it doent have lita , candice , melena , jazz , all the new divas . the only divas it has is cristy , torrie , stacy , trish . on stacys entrence she has her old entrence music . she has had her new enternce for around a half a year . and on her and torrie wilson 's entrence they have the day of reconing 1 entrence animation , on the bra and pantys match they never have thongs on like the real bra and panys matches . they need to have them more updated on thouse things . the grafics on the game are good but the game is not as fun as smackdown vs raw . but if your a wwe fan and like the games go for it . it might be really fun to you .
 This game has to be the best one yet . Elephants , bone crushing attacks , better musou attacks , plus 2p co-op or vs , this is the best game in the kessen dw series
 In DW3 , you play a character from the story of the three kingdoms in Ancient China and fight your way through hoardes of enemies in various settings to gain control of China . With only four types of attacks -LRB- regular , charge , musuo , and arrow -RRB- , This game would seem to be highly repetitive and boring after about a half hour , but it is quite the opposite . The ability to unlock over 25 characters , collect weapons -LRB- each character has 4 -RRB- , and many different items to enhance your abilities , along with the variation of playing as a member of three different kngdoms , this game is very addictive . Get it . NOW !!!
 This is certainly a game for the playstation 2 Xbox ... etc. . As like on DW2 you can choose any of the three kingdom generals . The kingdoms names are Wu , Shu , Wei . Other kingdoms are Yellow Turbans , Dong Zhou , Yuan Shao ... etc. . This game is a verison of the true story of Romance of the Three Kingdoms . Once you start you may choose a general from Wu , Shu , Wei . Each start out against the Yellow Turbans and soon each other.For an example , if you play as a Wu general , you will indeed start out against Zhang Jiao , the leader of the Yellow Turbans . Destroy him and move towards Dong Zhou . After finishing off him , you will fight against Wei and at Yi Ling and Fan Castle against Shu.When you finish off Dong Zhou and start fighting the other kingdoms , that is when the game gets really cool . You choose a general and smash up the enemy 's army and generals . On a scale I would say Lu Bu is the strongest and the ONLY ONE who can max out on everything . Zhang Jiao can only max out in attack . Next would be Xu Zhu the fat dude.The final weapons are only 4 instead of 1 . Each new weapon you get will add another attack . The number three is the true weapon they used and the forth is a better name and extra status to your character . Like said before Lu Bu is the only one who can max out though you need his final weapon with is kinda easy.The music is about the same in DW2 . Also there is a lot more stages with music . What would really aid this game a lot is if you can continue off of Wu Zhang Plains -LRB- final stage -RRB- . I would seriously buy this game if I were you and you like to enjoy slicing and dicing up soldiers . That is basically it.There is a lot more characters . You can now play as Sun Ce , Wei Yan , Xu Huang , Zhang He , Xiao Qiao , Di Qiao ... etc. . Each character holds his own verison of moves . Zhou Yu has the best running attack -LRB- truly he does -RRB- and Lu Bu is made for clearing crowds . Hope you enjoy the review . This game is really great
 This game rules . I thought DW2 was good.When I saw this game , I was shocked beyond recognition . It is difficult , yes , but that 's one of the things that makes a game great . Why do you think there are so many game challenge boards out there?I recommend Zhou Yu , Dian Wei , or Ma Chao . I 've played through with each of these , and I love them dearly , but not queerly . Sun Shang Xiang has good speed also , and should be considered if you want to defeat Lu Bu the first time playing as her.The upgrading of weapons was possibly the best feature they could put in there . I love whipping out my Elder 's Sword and flaming everyone within a mile.The items system also rocked .
 Words fail to decribe the glee I feel when I rush into a raging battle , slaughtering 15 soldiers with my 60 lbs halberd . This game has provieded me with more entertainment then probably all my other games combined . Story , Gameplay , Graphics , Sound and Replay value are all great.The Story is great , being that it 's form the Chinese Novel The Romance of the Three Kingdoms . This gives great color to the 41 characters , as each has his or her own personality . Extremely impressive was each in game cut screen changes dpending on which character you are , and each say something different -LRB- esspicially if you play Guan Yu on Wu Side at Fan Castle -RRB- . I give that a 5 . Gameplay , simple to learn , hard to master . The fighting engine is in my book one of the best developed , and all those mass multiplayer online games should be taking notes . Knowing how to use certain combos , to defeat enemies not only can make them easier , but boost rewards as well . One downside is mounted combat is very weak , even with added bonuses . For the msot part the game is semi-challenging , however archers and crossbowmen seem too prevelent . This kind of annoys me because they hsave excpetioanl aim and do more damage than the dood with a halberd . 1 archer is more deadly than 20 or 30 guys , kinda gets on your nerves . I give gameplay a 4 . Graphics for the msot part are awesome considering the amount of untis on screen at one time . The charatcers ornate and descriptive down to the calligraphy on Xiahou Dun 's Scimitar . Cut Scenes are excelent , however the fog gets a tad annoying , esspcially in 2 player mode . The main bug here is that sometimes if your swarmed in a co-op generals and more importantly archers tend to dissapear and re-appear behind , which makes them extremely annoying . Also the maps are my biggest problem , being that a lot of them can be sparse at time , while some can have great visuals . Also , i felt that they werent as well odne as the maps for DW2 . Graphics earn 4-Sound is well done . English dubbing is terrible , but your given a Japanese choice as well , which I thought was awesome . For the most part sounds are mediocre , good yelling , battle cries etc. . Music isnt to bad actually , depsite what people say . It actaully sets the mood , like Chang Ban , when the music is on a high tempo as you flee the on rush of Cao Cao 's larger force . Basically a 4 . Replay value is totally awesome . Being that you have 41 different characters , that means 41 different styles and weapons . Each charatcer has a 4th weapon , which is unique and mega uber , and sometimes posses a special element , like death . Theres also a buncha items as well , and finding special items by triggering certain events . The think that I like msot is that its not one of those collect 50 little stars and get a reward . Once you find it , your rewarded quite well . That with finding charcters , events , multiplayer , challange modes you find it there splenty to do . Only downside , is the maps can be repetive after 5 or 6 times . Replay earns a big 5 . The run down , buy it . I hardly ever say that about any game , but this one is so ... fun .
 A massive hack fest is probably a good description for this game . Although this game is based on ancient Chinese history , its main strength lies in the wonderful gameplay , the atmosphere , and massive character roster . This 3d beat 'em up game will sure to impress you in the beginning as you head into the battle with hundreds of allied soliders and start to slice through hundreds of enemies . The 80s rock guitar riffs will either get you pumpin ' or get on your nerves . One great feature of the game is that your character will slowly develop like a traditional RPG ; it would take you probably 5-10 hours to max out a single character 's stats and get his most powerful weapon . With 40 + characters this game it is going to take a while for you to max out all of the characters . If you liked the gameplay for Phantasy Star Online this game is somewhat familiar in gameplay along PSO 's hunter but you could do longer combos and more varity attacks/blocks . Riding a horse is a nice plus . Like PSO you also get to develop your characters and get random generated items/weapons which you could equip to boost your stats/abilities . It if unforunate that this game does not offer on-line play like PSO otherwise it would be great . This game does offer 2 player vs and co-op which really a double edged sword since the 2 player modes has tons of fog and sometimes enemies/structures just appear in front of you out of nowhere due to polygon drops . But the exictiment of kicking butt with your friend -LRB- or kicking your friend 's butt -RRB- will far outweight the flaws of this mode.Personally I am a fan of the Romance of the 3 Kindom story since the first RTK game . Dynasty Warriors 3 sure brings back some fond memories of the RTK2 days ... ahh ... This game is a must buy for RTK fans , and I strongly recommend this game to any fan of 3rd person beat them up fans and PSO fans . If you dislike 3D beat them up games , the chances are that you will hate this game as well .
 This game is a lot of fun . It may not appear to be much more than a hack n slash , but it is . Though your fight intensely by button mashing -LRB- which is a blast like Diablo or Gauntlet was -RRB- , there still is strategy in your fighting . You have to pick your battle , run to the trouble and be sure you have support.You collect items also , build and customize your character and just have great fun . There are several modes to play in that allow for lots of replay value . Great game with great graphics as well.If you want an little RPG instead of a game so RPG you never actually get to do anything , then this is a good game for you .
 I gave this game 5 stars because I enjoyed this game and actually thought this game was hard . I even got my gf to play co-op with me and she actually enjoys herself . She 'll be pleased with herself and say `` Wow , I actually killed 300 + ppl ! '' . I pre-ordered this game a month before it came it because I was contemplating on buying DW2 after playing it at my cousins house . I 've always been a big fan of the Romance of the Three Kindgoms saga but have never played a 1st person beat-em-style until DW2 . Let me first point out that after playing DW2 I thought DW3 would be an easy `` i 'm invincible kill 'em all '' type of game . Boy was I wrong , you can kill most of the normal enemy soldiers with ease but when it came to the famous generals -LRB- such as Lu Bu -RRB- it was extremely difficult to kill them . Plus you have the enemy bowmen aiming and shooting at you . There were many times where I had to run from a battle because my health had been drained not by the normal foot soldiers I was fighting but by enemy bowmen shooting at me from a distance . Sometimes the bowmen would even shoot me in the back while I was running away ! I felt that the gameplay was great and different musou moves for the different characters are pretty cool . You could also move pretty much anywhere on the map . One lesson I learned was you had to help out your ally generals instead of the macho rambo style let me kill these hundred soldiers first then I 'll come help approach . Eventually when your ally generals die the enemy soldiers move onto the next general until they get to the Grand General -LRB- such as Liu Bei , Cao Cao , Zhuge Liang , etc. -RRB- . If the Grand General is killed then the game is over and you have to restart . Another thing I learned was to quit during the game in order to save the game in progress which was quite annoying .
 Alright first off the series is worth a shot . There 's up to 6 but out of the ones I 've played -LRB- 3-6 -RRB- Dynasty Warriors 3 and 4 are must buys . The game is simple to play yet fun in my opinion . Me and my brother have had a few shares of laughs over Lu Bu , we took a run for our money . -LRB- He 's the most powerful character in the game and is murder ! He 'd chase us over the level long after our health was in red ... Stay away from him if your character is n't strong/just started with them -RRB- Now it does n't have all those fancy smancy graphics 6 does nor can you climb latters or go into water but its not really important . -LRB- Because there 's no need to -RRB- The game can be challenging , frustrating , but still fun . Highly addictive.All you need to know is that its worth the buy , seriously.Besides its somewhat educating because these battles actually took place in History , the people in the game existed .
 This was the first PS2 game I ever bought back in June , 2002 . I had played a 10 minute session of Dynasty Warriors 3 on an Official U.S. Playstation Magazine demo disc , and loved it . It was so addictive ; it was a pure adrenaline rush of video game excitement that you usually only find in 2D action games . The actual game proved to best just as intoxicating . I still play it to this day , even though the game is 3 years old . I 'm not the slightest bit tired of it.In DW3 , you take control of a warrior from one of three warring factions in ancient China , and fight in battles with the other factions in a quest to unite China under your rule -LRB- and yeah , this actually happened in real life 1800 years ago -RRB- . The battles take place on HUGE maps with hundreds upon hundreds of soliders in which your goal is to generally kick the crap out of anything that comes near you with your weapon of choice , and lead your army to victory . It 's like a RTS game , except you 're actually controlling an individual fighter instead of watching from some sort of `` Godchair '' . It 's not as depthless as it sounds , either . The combat has a large variety of normal and special attacks , as well as bow & arrow , and horse combat . There 's also some 2 player modes -LRB- co-op and versus -RRB- , and Endurance and Time Attack minigames.And with 41 -LRB- !!! -RRB- memorable characters to play as , each with different fighting styles and hilarious quotes , as well as 20 levels -LRB- with different sides for each -RRB- , the replay value is nearly unparalleled . IGN could n't have said it better when they told us `` years from now , you 'll still be popping this game in regularly '' . There are several technical problems that hold this back from a perfect score , though
 Dynasty Warriors 3 is one of the best games I have ever played . It becomes very addicting the moment you start playing it . The best players -LRB- this is my opinion so please do not get offended -RRB- are Zhou Yu , Lu Xun , Xiahou Dun , Zhang Fei and Gan Ning . The gameplay and graphics are really smooth and I just ca n't get enough of it . This game is awesome so I think you should buy it .
 I gave this game 5 stars because I cant seem to put the damn thing down it is not the best game i have played by far . The fighting is so cool , when your in a group of people you just start tossing people around . in the begening you get to chose form about 6 people and as you beat it you get more and more . As you go along you get items and wepons to help you get better.Another thing about thing game is the graphics they are not the best graphics i 've seen but game makes up for it . over all this game is very good but still has room for improvment , go out and rent it first.Tips :1 -RRB- do n't start playing in musu mode try it in free mode first to get used to it .2 -RRB- do n't fight lubu , he is so cheep it is not even funny .3 -RRB- in musu mode , start off with the first guy it may seem a lite weerd but he is one of the best in the game.That is all from me .
 dw3 is a very fun game the only bad thing is some of the levels are hard . But if you play it a lot it is all easy .
 This is the only game that I have played that you can kill over 2,000 troops in one level ! You can unlock up to 40 warriors , ride on horses and elephants , and use musou attacks . Each warrior has a different weapon , such as swords , axes , claws , etc. . The musou attack is when you charge up by killing enemies and then going wild with a furious attack . You can battle on land and on a boat . You power up by getting items you find in boxes and killing other generals to get better defense and attack . If you like Devil May Cry , you should buy this . I think the gameplay seems a lot alike . I also recommend Kessen 2 , but the gameplay is nothig alike .
 This game is like one of the best games ever made ! I love this game so much that I think I am addicted to it ! I love it ! I love it ! Ilove it !
 Dynasty Warriors 3 is among the best fighting games in the 21st century . The only problem with this game is that it is so long , but it 'll keep you guessing for a long time to come . You can play as 40 different people with there own special abilities . If you like action adventure games that take place in the past in ancient times get this game its great . The weapons are so tight they have mystical powers and can kill over 20 enemies in one attack . Plus you can ride elephants and stomp on people on your opponents . As you go along you gain points that helps you person grow in power and skill . This game is great for anyone really and if you do n't believe me rent it and see for your self you 'll see I 'm not Lying .
 What a great game!The graphics are superb!If anyone has played DW2 get this game!Even if you havent played it get this game when you play it you 'll not want to stop !
 This game is so cool becuse you can be 40 people and you have armys on your side and they help you out when you are in battle -LRB- not very much though -RRB- . This game has very good game play and it is very fun .
 This game is as close as you 'll get these days to fighting in an anscient war , although not completely realistic . With totally 3D characters and a breath taking landscape who cares about realism . The story line however is based on real chinese history and you ca n't get more real than that . Fight in wars that actually happened play the hero or the vilain . This game is as fun as it gets . You 'll find yourself instantly addicted . There are different endings for every character and as you beat the game you will be able to play with more characters . Cinema seens are all visually impresive and the play is outstanding . You wo n't want to put this one down for a second .
 This game takes place during china 's 3 kingdom period . This game has 2 player modes that let 2 people play on the same team in a level . The 2 players can also face each other in Vs mode . The Vs mode has multiple levels to choose from each with a different goal . The game also adds elephant troops . There are over 40 people that are available to play as . The graphics are not bad either . I wo n't say any more just go rent the game it speaks for itself
 The action in this game is way better than the 2nd one . With so many levels and characters , you never stop having the maximum fun with this game .
 This game is the absolute best game that I have ever played!It has great grapics and lots of time to do whatever you need to do to complete the mission that you are on . It is a great challenge too . If I were you I 'd buy this game quick but I warn you you will never want to stop playing it . Overall this is the best game ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you liked DS2 , then this is definitely worthwhile ! The 2 player mode is a definite bonus -LRB- though on a small screen may be difficult to see -RRB- .
 This game kept me up and tense while I played for over 5 hours straight with my friend . It never bores you with intense fighting scenes and graphics beyond belief . I just could not put the controller down ! If you are looking for a fast action paced game with tons of cool moves and effects , this game is a must .
 Man , what I do n't get is why all game sites out of a total game this a 78 % ?! What , they ran out of life !? I 'n this game , who the hell cares about the story , u jes ' play , kick some a $ $ , end of level , and keep on playin . This game is much better than what sites say . When u have your mushu meter full , and a whole force comes after u , u jes say bring da ruckas ! I highly recomend this game to anyone who likes old fasion wars with swords , and for people who wan na kick sum a $ $
 it 's just filthy ... thats all i have to say .
 hey dw4 is out but waitgraphics and style is totally different so i saywhen the price is low get it and have the same funothers paid more . ALL STAGE REVEALEDR1R2L2L1 -LSB- -RSB- R2 / \ L1ALL HEROS REVEALED -LSB- -RSB- R1 / \ L1 / \ R2 -LSB- -RSB- L2 / \ IS TRIANGLE BUTTON .
 This game is just plane out good . I would say this is the best game I have I have ever played in my whole intire life.So that is what I have to say about this game .
 This game is really cool . It has a awsome 1 player mode ! It even has a 2 playe r story ! to find out more , buy this game now !!!!!!!!
 I was most amazed with this games prequal , Dynasty Warriors 2 . I found it amazing that the Playstation 2 could handle so many things going on at one time . So I had high expectations for Dynasty Warriors 3 , and many of them were met.Dynasty Warriors 3 has both improvements and set backs , however , they more or less balance each other out to make another great Dynasty Warriors game.Now including over 20 levels , you 'll have even more to explore as even the original eight from DW2 have been changed . With huge levels , and wonderfully done weathering effects like rain , snow , and fog , the game has done a wonderful job at utilizing all of the Playstion 2 's resources . Of course , not to mention the many new characters mixed in with the families of DW2.Another great feature is the Item and Weapons selection you now have . You can choose 5 or 6 Items which can improve anything from your jumping ability to how fast your Mushou charges . Also , you now have the ability to select one of four different weapons which will also improve stats like attack and defense . All of the weapons and items you 'll find in different levels.The only real problem I have with Dynasty Warriors 3 is that there is no option to turn the voice overs off . The voice overs are so hysterically bad , you may find that your character has been killed in the game while you 're on the floor laughing . Also , the little scenes that this game has during game play looks just as bad as a poorly dubbed over Japanese Movie , meaning that sometimes you hear dialogue while the character 's voices are n't moving , or vice versa . I 'm dissapointed that the game designers could n't even take the time to improve this area a bit more.However , the voice overs are quickly forgotten once you find the new options in the game
 I think that this is an excellent game . There are plenty of character , levels , challenges , and items to collect to keep you busy for quite a while . Some reviews in Gamepro Magazine state that this is a game for `` one who is interested in Chinese history . '' Well that 's one thing they were wrong about ! This game has great gameply , excellent story mode , and smooth framerates to keep you on the edge of your seat . However , this game recieves a 4 for the lack of moves available to you in the game .
 Now that I have the game , I feel that I can review this.I played it last night , and the first thing I noticed is that battles are different from the first game . They are no longer linear battles where you basically go through all the generals on the map and then kill the enemy commander to win . Now it 's much easier to just go straight to the commander and get the kill -- on some of the maps . Like the first one , I played Xiaohou Dun and Zhang Jiao -LRB- the enemy commander -RRB- was right in front of me . Finished him , and finished the map.That said , it 's actually a more difficult game than the predecessor . The AI is much smarter this time , and the enemy soldiers do attack quite a bit now . The biggest improvment in difficult is that the enemy generals now have moves that are difficult to counter -- you might actually have to use the block button -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- whereas in the previous game it was basically useless . The good thing is that enemy generals no longer recover health when they get knocked down , so you do n't have to worry about keeping them standing while smashing away . Also , it 's not as easy now to go in by yourself into a group of enemies and just kill them all -- you have to be careful or you get killed very quickly . This is all on normal difficulty.The maps are much improved , with actual terrains instead of a big , flat map like in the last game . Now you 're always going up and down slopes , and the surrouding is generally more detailed that the last one . Also , there are more events in a map as far as I can tell , and there are also more varieties . I 've only played on four stages so far , but they have all been fairly different , making a nice change from the last one.There are a lot more characters now , and finally , the levels you can play with each character in the musou -LRB- story -RRB- mode actually corresponds to history . Zhao Yun , for example , no longer shows up in the Yellow Turban Rebellion map because he never fought there in history ! This is a nice touch that I thought should 've been fixed in the last game where people who should n't show up did.I have n't gotten to the elephant yet , so no comment on that.The items/weapon system seem to work well , although I have n't gathered too many of these so I do n't know how important they might be , but I suspect they 'll turn up more in the later levels and will show their usefulness . Once you get a new weapon your attack pattern might change . For example , for Zhao Yun the inital weapon is basically the same as the last game , with the same combo . But with newer weapons the combo can change to a 6-hit combo with different moves . So when playing it is important to look for these things , or else fighting might get very difficult since the enemy defense is fairly high once you get on some more advanced levels.I have yet to see an in-level save point , and I 'm not sure if they exist anymore . I have to play more to see -LRB- did n't read the manual , you see ... -RRB- Basically , a great sequel that added many of the features that were lacking . The music is still not great , but you are n't really playing this game for the music . The cinematic sequences have been greatly improved and now they actually mean something . The voice acting is great -LRB- although I use the Japanese voice acting with English subtitles -RRB- . Overall , a very good game . If you liked the old one , this one is definitely a buy . If you 've never played the old one , I suspect that this game will be much less repeatetive than some people found for the old one because of newer levels and weapons/items . Certainly worth a buy .
 Here is a game that will be extremely fun . Dynasty Warriors 2 was a great game that had a lot of fun action . The third installment will build on this will 2-player co-op mode , more characters , moves , and above all else ... ELEPHANTS !!! This should be a fun one to pick up and play by yourself or with a friend .
 i own the second dynasty warriors and i am anionxiously awaiting the third ... i here there is like 48 playable charactors in this 1 and in some levels you can ride on elephants as well as horses ... there are no new levels but each player gets 4 different weapons ... -LRB- you have to find the 4th 1 -RRB- ... the is also several different 2 player modes like co op and deathmatch.all in all im trusting it will be an awsome game !
 Okay , I realize that I 'm writing this review in July of 2004 , quite a LONG while after this games release , but that 's besides the point . I honestly believe that this game bests DW4 . It has 30 total characters -LRB- some rock , some are n't so great -RRB- , tons of levels , and different storylines for each warrior . This game has got to be one of the most addicting games of all time . I got it when it first came out , and I 'm STILL pulling it out and beating the crap out of enemies :D !!! To be fair , I 'll sayDW4 is a great game , but I felt it lost that Beat-The-Crap-Out-Of-Them feeling that DW3 gave me - there was to much magic and cutscenes , and not enough ACTION ! Although the graphics are improved , it just did n't measure up . DW3 also has several other fun playable modes . There is a challenge mode - Time Attack and Endurance -LRB- self-explanatory names :-RRB- and a versus mode 2 beat the living tar out of your friends in ! Why we 're on the subject of friends , I might also mention there is cooperative gameplay . This is extremely handy for unlocking 4th weapons , plain fun , and obtaining the MANY , MANY items in the game ! This game can be found VERY cheap on the internet , and is DEFINITELY worth it . I enjoy it very much , and ca n't wait for the PSP version -LRB- and the psp itself for that matter :-RRB- to come out - I 'll b waiting ! Happy Gaming!KC DSocom 2
 I absolutely loved dynasty warriors 2 . I thought is was the bees knees . This game is easily twice as good . The concept is the same and the game style is the same . The graphics are better The other people in the battles will actually do a few things . You have more characters , weapons to choose from , and lots of very cool hidden items . You also have about 20 battles to choose from once you 've unlocked them all . This is the most addictive game I 've played . The action is non-stop and because you are always looking for a special weapon of secret item , the game does not as boring . Also you can trample soilders with elephants , a nice plus . I 've unlocked about 65 % of the games , and I still enjoy it . When you play mission on hard mode , they are really super-hard so there is always a challenge . I highly recommned this game , you wo n't go wrong . Your girlfriend/boyfirend/wife / husband -LRB- significant other -RRB- will most likely not like the game since you will spend lots of time killing chinese soilders and not with them . Get out plenty of lubrication for your thumb , this game will entertain you for hours .
 The japanese have been crazy about this game since its release it held on to the # 1 sales position out east for four weeks , selling over half a million copies , and for good reason . IT 's the best action oriented war game on the planet , flaws and all . While just a hack and slash combo fest at heart , Dynasty Warriors 3 distinguishes itself by probiding players with incredibly detailed and totally immersive environments . As you navigae through the game 's war torn fields , you 'll really feel as if you 're fighting for your life , struggling desperately against never ending hordes of enemy soldiers . The countless bad guys are as detailed and well animated as your central character , and they crowd the entire screen during combat , brave heartstyle . The cool battles are all well and good for those who are new to the series , but fans should note that part 3 offers little that was n't present in last year 's offering . The new two player split screen mode is almost too foggy to play , and while it 's easier to save your progress than before you do n't need to hunt down memory card icons any more , load times are still way too long . Despite these problems , plus a tricky camera and voice acting that stands as some of the worst in the buisness , i 'll still be buying this disc when it hits store shelves . And with replay boosted by over 40 playable characters , each entering the fray with a unique fighting style and personalized weaponry , i 'll be playing DW3 till my fingers bleed .
 If you are a fan of beat-um ups , strategy games , a mix of the two , or are just looking for some stress relieving slaughtering , then Dynasty Warriors is the game for you . Set in the beautiful era of the three kingsoms , three forces struggle for power . Cao Cao 's Wei dynasty , The Sun clan 's Wu Dynasty , and Liu Bei 's Shu dynasty.You start off with 9 characters , 3 from each army.If you have a Dynasty Warriors 2 save , you can unlock a further 6 characters automatically.You have a choice of 4 game modes , challenge , where you can do a time attack or endurance round . Vs , pit your battle skills against a friend in 8 different stages . The real meat of the game , Musou or story mode , and Free mode , where you can play on unlocked stages to your hearts content . Selecting a character on Musou mode takes you through 7 different battles . There are 20 unlockable stages altogether , and 3 which are mere fill-in campaigns , which are n't unlockable . When you go through the Musou mode , you start to feel , kind of at one with the character , if you know what I mean . You get to see friends and foe meet their end , and all battles are balanced on a knife point , proving the proverb that one man really can make a difference.During the battles , the controls are very simple , unlike in Tekken , where you need to unleash combos by learning a difficult combinstion of buttons . You also encounter many enemy generals on the battlefield . A lot of which unlock as playable characters . Defeating an officer makes them drop a powerup for attack or defence or an Item or weapon which you can collect at the end of the battle . Each character has 4 weapons , the 1st and 2nd weapons are sometimes also used by other characters , but the 3rd and 4th are always unique . To aquire the 4th weapon , you have to switch the difficulty to Hard , and accomplish a special task in a certain mission . This is well worth the effort , as 4th weapons come with a fixed set of attributes , which reap powerful rewards . There are altogether 250 weapons in the game , and 25 items , 12 of which are special items , similar to the gaining of ultimate weapons , you accomplish a special task . The other 13 are boost ups for HP , strength and reach etc. . When you start off the game , they will only improve you slightly , but as you progress to more difficult levels you can upgreade them . The span of the game is infinite , as you can play each battle , as two different sides , and in some cases three . But , it can get repetitive , as trying to win with 41 playable characters can get slightly boring at times , but on the other hand , every character starts on a different place on the battlefield , and this can quite often change the whole perspective of the battle . Each character is also splendidly diverse , as each have their own attacks.Some battles involve wars against people who have nothing to do with Wei , Wu and shu , but they are still unlockable , and you can also play on the side of these people . It is an extra challenge to find their best weapons , as there is n't always a clear indication of what level it will be on.As well as all this , there is a database , where you can reveiw your items and weapons , and also look up teh history of all the officers involved in the game , and there 's a lot!Strategy is a key part of the game , as messages flash along the bottom of the screen , saying whether an ally needs help , how the battle is going -LRB- You can check the progress with a map in the top right hand corner of the screen -RRB- and whether anyone has been defeated.New to the dynasty warriors series , is the two player mode , and not only Vs , but in Musou and Free mode , you can battle on the same side with a split screen . The only disadvantage of this is that the visibility is reduced , as the number of people on the screen has to split between both players.Overall , Dynasty Warriors three is a fantastic game , with wonderful graphics , gameplay and lifespan , it will take you months to unlock absoloutley everything . I give it a 5 star rating
 After playing DW 2 more than a year ago , I could hardly wait to enjoy the third installment in the series . Luckily , I was not disappointed in any way.DW 3 is a massive improvement over it 's predecessor in almost every aspect.First of all , the graphics are much better . The characters are all extremely detailed and even the npc 's have received a good deal of attention . The special effects are stunning , you 'll be pleasantly surprised when u use your ` true musou ' for the first time.When riding through an empty stage you 'll notice that 's exactly what it is
 Well , All I can say right now is `` WoW '' ... . I own the second Dynasty Warriors and I absolutely love it ! But now that the third one is on it 's way to the U.S , I might just have to cancel my date with MGS2 . Although this game seems pretty interesting , there could be some flaws , such as the same amount of levels . The second DW was interesting knowing that different characters could go to some different levels , but the last level was always the same ... kinda depressing if you ask me . But now that I know that you can ride wicked @ $ $ elephants , I 'm most likely to buy this game , and I hope you all do too : -RRB-
 Ah yes , Dynasty Warriors 3 . Now , before I go on I shall tell you that I am a huge fan of these hack and slash games . I had Dynasty Warriors 2 and 4 before I got 3 , but what the heck , I do n't care.This game is rather interesting . Particularly seeing how high a K.O count you can get -LRB- personal record
 I love this game ! I got Dynasty Warriors 3 about four years ago and I still play it sometimes , not because I have no life , but because it 's that good ! I have all the dynasty warrior games up to 5 , and I have to say that this is the best so far !
 All the other reviews gives a great description of this game , so instead , I 'll explain why you should buy it from a personal perspective.Like the small minority , I actually have NOT played any of the Three Kingdoms games until Dynasty Warriors 3 , and I was hesitant to shell out the 50 bucks or so for Dynasty Warriors 4 . When buying a latest sequel game that I have no prior knowledge of , I would often buy the earlier version , and for Dynasty Warriors , Version 3 is great . Unlike the previous versions , Version 3 is like Version 4 in that you have 2 player CO-OP mode right from the start , and this is what sets this game apart from many other games . My 41/2 year old son loves to play video games with me , so I try hard to look for good 2 player Co-OP video games -LRB- believe me , beating my son on Tekken gets boring really quickly -RRB- . Dynasty Warriors 3 has most of the improvements over version two that version 4 has , so if you want a great game , go for Dynasty Warriors 3 . You can get it used , and then you can consider buying version 4 later . Because this game lasts so long , do n't rent it , since you wo n't get enough of the game with just one rental .
 This game involves much planing such as :1 . weather to help a officer in need or not to . -LRB- this will influence your moral buck take up your time . -RRB- 2 . weather use stratigys in 2 player mode .3 . If you dont want to play a long level -LRB- since they can get long -RRB- weather or not to just kill generales or finish off the entire moral.whenever I start a new level I spend a few minites thinking about what I plan to do in the level . This is really the only way you can play because when I first got the game I had no idea on what I should do in the game . I didnt do any thinking about it and I kept losing . I am very happy with this game though . I buy games and then loss interest in them but not this game .
 like i said above that this is the sweetest game that was ever made and nothing can beat it not even the final fantasy games . i like this game because it is sweet how u can fight like 40 people at one time by yourself .
 My brother origanally had the Dynasty Warriors 2 game , so I picked it up and played it and immediately fell in love with it . Dynasty Warriors 3 came out , and since DW2 was so good , I assumed DW3 would be even better . I was dead right.There are 41 characters , lots of stages , -LRB- 18 i think -RRB- and the choice to play on 2 or 3 sides -LRB- Wu , Wei , Shu mostly -RRB- on each stage . Also , there is a vastly improved weapon system in which you collect weapons that you find in crates or drop off of enemy officers , and even 4th weapons that you have to do specific things for each character for . With 41 characters , getting all the 4th weapons is no easy task ! Also , there are lots of items to search for , although some of them -LRB- hex mark saddle , imperial saddle , and fire arrows to name some -RRB- are almost completely useless . The stages look great , the characters look great , and the sparks coming off of clashing weapons are awesome . However , there is sometimes lag because the PS2 gets so overworked , that officers dissaper and people do too as you fight them , only to reappear and hit you off guard . This is esp . true on the Chi Bi stage.Overall , this is a great buy if you like hacking and slashing , chinese warrior themes , or just want to release some anger by beating em ' up .
 This game has much replay value , and there are many options and modes to keep you fighting for a long time . It is a good buy , as is Xtreme Legends .
 I first owned dynasty warriors 2 witch is also a good game so when I bought 3 I was just expecting small improvments . But KOEI did much more than that they add many more charcters , I think it 's up around 45 , they added items and many more things to make the game interesting . For those of you who have one of the other dynasty warriors and liked it you must get this game for those of you who have not had the chance to play the series here a some of the game , you pick from three armys , the storys based on the book romance of the three kingdoms , it put you in the battle feild with your army , plus it has great cut scens to make the charecters and plot come to life . Get this game , or wait for Dynasty warriors 4 !!!
 ... this game is awesome in all aspects , and its hard to find a downfall . I wo n't be playing it three years from now like Counter-Strike , but it is a great and enthralling game nonetheless .
 this game offers so much from a full world to wallk in and tons of enemies to kill . The second one was great but this tops my list of RPG games ever . I have never been so awe struck by such grafics or gameplay . Total control over your player and tons of weapons to choose from . Fun story line and great movies to watch as you go deeper into the world . Chalenging bosses and formidable foes . You feel like you are in the game and have control of an army of your own . Great game . pick it up if you can .
 This game is awesome.No questions asked.with way better graphicsthen the 2nd , DW3 is great fun.The voice-overs are to a `` T '' , excepfor the girl on Cao Cao 's Dynasty.She sound 's very , very , preppy.Plus you get to earn your final weapon and get more then 3 hits.And know you get to play with 2 people instead of 1 . Over all DW3is definetly worth buying and adding to your Dynasty WarriorsCollection .
 Loosely based on the history of the Wei , Wu , Shu kingdoms of ancient China . You can play as any one of a dozen of historical characters in these kingdoms and battle for control of China.The graphics are strong and the battles feel true to histroy . I was a big fan of DW2 and Koei has successfully fixed all of my previous complaints and added really cool features -LRB- my favorite is two-man musou -RRB- . I you liked the first you 'll love the second . Very Good
 New characters , an ability to use items , new weapons , new movie scenes , more options , new/redone levels ... sweeeeet . The game provides hours of mindless entertainment . And not only that , but it 's turned me onto the whole of Romance of the Three Kingdoms series , as well as the book ... the game 's amazing , and it 's highly recommended for anyone with a few hours to kill .
 Words can not describe how good this game is . Although I 'm being biased by saying that it is the best re-ennactment of history , ever . I highly advise you to buy this game . It is worth every penny .
 This game is really really fun . It is a definite time consumer and fun to play . If you never liked video games in the past just try this once and you will be hooked . This game follow the great past of china with Kings like Liu Bei and Cao Cao and is based on the book called `` Three Kingdoms . '' Which is also a great book . This game is for males or females becaus it has a wide range of charcters with each individual personallities that you find is best for you . This game is strategic masterpiece and a work of art by Koei -LRB- the producer -RRB- . Dynasty Warriors 3 has great graphics that is astonishing and its cut seen cinema is amazing . With well drawn characters , a fantastic plot and the whole game centers around you I think that this is one of the best games in history .
 Dynasty Warriors 3 lets you choose from 40 different characters . Each of them is unique . You start out with only a couple of these characters , but as you complete their mousou modes , or get certain events to happen , you will unlock more . When your in the game , there are sometimes hundreds of thousands of men on the battlefield of the opposing side alone ! But you are able to take them out in just a few hits . Some of the characters can take out basically everyone that is around . And , of course , you fight other characters , who are generals . One cool thing is that for certain people on certain levels , have their own group of troops . Another cool thing is that you can play two player cooperative on Mousou Mode , or free mode . You can also verse each other in Versus Mode . Sometimes , the game gets really fast and tends to lag a bit . Sometimes it gets to the point where you feel like you want to die . Another small thing is that the voice acting -LSB- STINKS -RSB- !!!!!!!! A very minor thing and easily overlooked . Although , it is fun for me to mimic the people talking and exagerate their already messed up voices , or I just laugh at them . -LRB- There is this one GUY named Ma Su that sounds like a women ! If you like the type of games where you kill one group of guys then move on to the next , I would highly suggest this game to you .
 I rented this game one day , and it was AWESOME !!! Some hot gameplay packed in there . Lots of slashing and making bodies fly -LRB- but no blood ... -RRB- , special moves , and oh so many characters . The game gets very repetitive after a while -LRB- yes , there are many different levels , weapons , enemies , but its just killing people ... on and on and on ... -RRB- but only the odd person without a controller will notice !
 Absolutly beautiful ... I played the Demo of this only but I was standing playing it for over an Hour at Wal-Mart ! I got ta get this game and so do you ! if you like just Straight up Battle , thats somewhat historicly accurate . . this is for you .
 I dont have playstation 2 , but i went over to my friends house and played this it was awsome . i would buy playstation 2 just for this game . the cooperative mode is the best . I do n't really like games that dont have a 2 player mode and that is why this is the best game ever . I ca n't really explain it in words.The unlockable CHARACTERS is great its like they never end . Try doing your special together is co-op mode its great . Hey if you got playstation 2 this game is a must . Can not live without this game .
 This game is very fun and easy because of the controls.Me and my friend played the demo of this game every morning before we had to get on the bus.After a month I bought the game and we beat it fast!The bad thing is finding the items and weapons.Plusbeating the game with over 40 characters.So far I have beaten it with 4 characters.I beat the game with 1 character every day because after playing for a while , it gets kind of boring .
 This is my first koei buy and it WONT be the last.If you like any fighting or adventure this is the game for you.It isnt a blood fest like some games but it has great fighting for 1 and 2 players.this game is probably the best game i have for the PS2 out of red faction , 007 agent under fire , final fantasy 10 , spy hunter , all great games and probably all have a more adventure side to them but if you want a great game BUY THIS .
 I have played this game just once and I love it , even if your not into Japanese warriors battling it out , you 'll love this game.I could some this game up in one word , `` Carnage '' . Dynasty Warriors 3 remains one of the most thrillingly chaotic and remarkably unique fighting experiences on the PS2 . Witnessing the blinding colour , flailing limbs and unbrided violence exhausts the eyes like no other fighter.In addition to the Musuo -LRB- Campaign mode -RRB- there 's now a rather enjoyable time trial , where you have to kill 100 enemies as quickly as possible.If you have played Dynasty Warriors 2 you 'll know that it only has 8 stages , but this game has 3 times that amount of stages , with 23 stages . Also the number of characters has changed to an outstanding 40 + , but most of these have to be unlocked -LRB- but its a nice challenge ! -RRB- The most significant upgrade from Dynasty Warriors 2 , has to be the AMAZINGLY FUN AND CHAOTIC 2 player mode . But the only downfall of this mode is the awkward camera angle . -LRB- BUT WHO CARES ABUOT THE CAMERA ANGLE WHEN YOUR IN THE MIDDLE OF A MASS DESTRUCTION !!! -RRB- This is my verdict of the game : Uppers : - Remarkable Scale ! - Plenty of Missions ! - 40 + Charaters available to Unlock - New Time Trial Mode . -------------------------------------------------- Downers-Not that different from Dynasty warriors 2-Intrustive fogging -LRB- quite annoyin -RRB- - Confusingly chaotic at times ! - Can become repetetiveGraphics = The numbers are impressive
 This is my favorite video game of all time . The game is actually pretty historically accurate . The data base is awesome . It gives a summary of each character , both playable and non-playable . the summaries pretty much tell what actually happend back during the fall , and attempted rebuilding of the Han Dynasty . Even the weapons , for the most part , are true to history . Guan Yu Really had the Green Dragon Blade ! If you like this game , and like to read , I recommend reading `` Romance of the Three Kingdoms '' . You will be suprised how true the game is .
 This is a great game and a must buy , I own it and every time I get together with friends , we play it for hours . Unfortunately most people have n't heard or played it and It was n't given the greatest reviews by most gaming magazines -LRB- egm , psm etc. -RRB- , but if you look at the user reviews you tend to see a ton of 9 's and 10 's with only a few 1 's or 2 's . Buy this game Trust me it is one of the best multyplayer games ever !
 To play Dynasty Warriors 3 is not simply playing a game . It is an experience of pure unadultarated fun-filled bonanza . Whether it is the huge environments , the fourty-one playable characters with their own unique set of moves and special attacks , or the huge amount of items and weapons that you can find . To me , the one area that Dynasty Warriors 3 falters in its otherwise flawless presentation is the English voice-acting , which while not terrible , still could use a bit of work . Overall however , this is definitely the best game I have ever played , and I have been playing video games for about 10 years now . If you like action games , Dynasty Warriors 3 is a must for your collection . I give it 5/5
 Dynasty Warriors 3 -LRB- Shin-Sangoku Musou 3 -RRB- is a great , fun action game -- perfect for blowing off steam or killing time.Dynasty Warriors 2 was a cool game when it came out , but like a lot of first gen. ps2 games , it was over too soon.Dynasty Warriors 3 has much more staying power . It is a great improvement over the `` 2 '' -- for example , now you and your buddy can team up -LRB- split screen -RRB- and work together to kick butt and strategize . For those of you who enjoyed the PSX `` JEDI POWER BATTLES '' and the coop style there , you will love this.DW3 is n't smart and funny like Metal Gear Solid 2 -LRB- the only game I can think of that deserves 5 stars -RRB- -- but it is a very enjoyable game . Definitely BUY it -- if you rent it , you 'll miss out on a lot.Last note
 i just bought this game and it is great . i love how you can get new items/weapons to customize your character . there is 40 + characters and they all look suprisingly different and each character has 4 weapons of their very own !!! there is a lot more different attacking combinations with cool combos . i hav n't tried the 2 player yet but i ca n't wait . this game is great and a whole lot better than dw2 and gantlet legends and that says alot !!!
 This game rocks ! period ! no doubts about it . It has a really good graphic . However , if you are one of the people who really likes gory game , I am sorry to say this is not the game for you . However , it is really exciting and has great graphic . There are three different kingdoms and they have different scinerioes and battles . The battles get harder as you go and there are TONS of enemies and their generals . So if you love killing people for fun , like me , get this game !!! To get out of your ennui , get this game !!! If you want some fun , GET THIS GAME !!! If you do n't like it ... . TOO BAD !!
 This game is probably the BEST ONE in the series !!! Koei have out done itself again !!! Now , you can play up to 40 + characters -LRB- of course some of these characters are only accessible by secret -RRB- And , you can now play with two players , with a new type of calvary , the Elephant troops !!! This game will be soooooo awsome !!!! You MUST GET ONE !!! I know I will !!! Hey people !!! Now that I got the game , I must add more !!!! People can be such meanies !!! First of all , they all have the same type of weapons , just that there will be upgrades ! And only one costume !!!! where do people find there info ! GEEZ Anyways , I have every single characters , there are 41 people !!!!! Guan Yu , Zhang Fei , Lui Bei , Wei Yan , Jiang Wei , Zhao Yun , Pang Tong , Huang Zong -LRB- ca n't spell ... -RRB- , Zhuge Liang , Xiao Qiao , Da Qiao , Sun Shang Xiang , Sun Ce , Sun Quan , Zhou Yu , Lu Xun , Gan Ning , Lu Meng , Taishi Ci -LRB- ugh ca n't spell -RRB- , Huang Gai , Sun Jian , Zhen Ji , Cao Cao , Xiahou Yuan , Xiahou Yuan , Sima Yi , Zhang He , Xu Huang , Xu Zhu , Dian Wei , Diao Chan , Yuan Shao , Dong Zhou , Zhu Rong , Lu Bu , Nu Wa , thats all I can think off now ... I know there is more then that , but I ca n't think right now ... Oh well , the ROCKS so there !!!!
 Okay , I know this review is coming way way late , but I 'm relatively new to the Dynasty Warriors craze . However , it really has become my favorite toy . The game is an unbelievably potent catharsis , and it 's so good that I want to put off getting the next installment -LRB- due out later this month -RRB- so I can finish up what I have left to do in this game.It 's been said this game is repetitive . Many times , it 's been said , this game is repetitive . And some have even suggested one of the game 's chief drawbacks is reptition . But come now , one must stop a moment to consider if this is really such a bad thing . Dynasty Warriors 3 delivers a lot of freedom in that it 's just the game you pop on when you 've had a long day and you feel like knocking the tar out of a few thousand hapless peasant soldiers . The story is n't the most gripping in the gaming world -LRB- which I think we can all safely blame on a humorously awkward translation of dialogue -RRB- , but most of the characters -LRB- even the femmie guys -RRB- are pretty cool and , as with a fighting game , the fighting styles represented by the characters -LRB- in this case 40 of them -RRB- leave more than enough room for a player to find the character that best fits him/her . Back to the question of whether or not reptition is bad ... I do n't think it is . This is n't a game like Vice City or Final Fantasy X that requires a lot of active involvement . Dynasty Warriors is a mindless combat game -- and there is a niche for things like that !! If you can cope with fighting battle after battle to decide the fate of the three kingdoms , then the game will reward you with as much replay value as you want to take from it ... I guarantee you will lose sleep if you make it your goal to complete the campaign mode with all the characters.Some have also drawn attention to DW3 's soundtrack . Per the title of this review , this is also not something I find I have a problem with . I 'm actually quite the fan of classical Chinese electric guitar wailing -- to those who are not I would recommend broadening your horizons a bit !! Seriously , though , I prefer the soundtrack of DW3 to that of Dynasty Tactics -- DT 's music may be somewhat more authentic , but I do n't think the choice made in scoring DW3 takes anything away from the enjoyment of slamming your way through hundreds and hundreds of screaming Yellow Turban soldiers while your ally generals stand there dumbfounded and issue stock-praises of your mad phat killing skeelz .
 Some would claim that Koei 's Dynasty Warriors 3 does n't advance all that far beyond its predecessor . They point to the similar action-oriented gameplay , and graphical presentation that 's fairly familiar . I dismiss their arguments with a wave of my hand , pointing my finger firmly toward the sight of Liu Bei striking down the ranks of his foes atop an elephant . Yes , you can now ride elephants in Dynasty Warriors . This is extremely cool.There are more additions to go along with that , naturally , although the overwhelming coolness of the elephants dwarfs most other improvements -- even the new two-player split-screen mode . There are new characters , including Meng Huo and Princess Zhen -LRB- who is looking exceedingly fine , thank you -RRB- , and much longer combo strings for taking out large groups of enemies . Basic combos now stretch out to as many as six hits , and you can chain the triangle-button charge attacks into regular combos for as many as eight or more . Other special attacks include passive maneuvers -LRB- indirect defensive attacks like the back-elbow in Double Dragon -RRB- , and the `` Power Guard '' technique , which responds to attacks with a strong riposte . The key to victory is still teamwork , though , relying on support troops to back you up as you charge through the bad guys.The environments are more varied and interactive in the sequel , to go along with the improved graphics . Textures and effects are brighter , especially when heroes finish off combos with big special moves -LRB- Zhen cuts loose an explosive energy halo -RRB- , and the new attacks mean a wider variety of character animations . The battlefields are presumably bigger , although that kind of scale is difficult to judge , and there 's much more variation in terms of scenery and elevation levels . There are more constructions like walls and bridges , trees and other background elements filling space , and more different landscape themes -- the effect is to provide both greater variation in strategies and more interesting backgrounds to look at.The new split-screen multiplayer mode allows cooperative play in the main Musou mode and the kill-everything-that-stands Free Mode , as well as a variety of one-on-one Vs. modes . The Musou mode has also been spruced up with a variety of character development elements , whereby players can earn new items and weaponry for their characters . Defeat an enemy general who wields a famous sword and you can take it for your own , earning an attack bonus in future battles . Other items improve speed , defense , and the like . Items can also evidently effect your luck in finding and using a mount , be it equine or pachyderm.New characters take the field as part of an entirely new army , although it will take someone with a bit more familiarity with the Three Kingdoms cast to peg them precisely . Sun Shang Xiang is one of them , though , and like the other characters , she 's sporting at least two different costumes and weapons options -LRB- in this case , a long sword to go along with her old weapons from Dynasty Warriors 2 -RRB- . The cast is likely to greatly exceed the original game , and there will be plenty of fighting to set them all to , especially in the multiplayer mode . Dynasty Warriors is still about the kind of fun you can have as a one-man army -- or perhaps a one man , one elephant army . Later this year , we 'll be sure to make some time for a little more stomping across the battlefields of third-century China .
 First of all , this game deserves more than five stars . It is a fun , highly addictive game . It is literally possible to play it for very long amounts of time without realizing it.Anyways , enough about the fact that it is good , let 's get into why . If you 've played Dynasty Warriors 2 , nothing major has changed , it has only gotten better . For those of you that have n't played it , I will try my best to describe the game . This is a game where you enter battle in campagin -LRB- Musou -RRB- or one mission at a time -LRB- Free -RRB- modes then you choose from a list of historical generals from China 's Three Kingdom era.Before entering battle you can choose what your bodyguards are equipped with and you can equip your general with better weapons and items that increase have special effects , including raising your stats.During the real-time battles , on a variety of battlefields , you fight hundreds , or if you choose , thousands of enemies with your primary weapon , bow , and special move . Your special move has a bar below your health that charges when you grab items , defeat enemies , and get damaged yourself . When you defeat gate captains -LRB- enemies who allow an infinite amount of enemies to spawn until they are killed -RRB- and enemy generals , you can gather objects that turn out to be weapons , equipable items , objects that permanently raise your attack , defense , max health , and max musou.After battle your general calculates the experience he gained increasing the number and strengths of your bodyguards.Other interesting points to this games including new additions from the previous include
 I purchased this game about a month ago , and I still enjoy it . With more than 40 characters and 20 maps , it has very high replay value . This game is based on famouse old Chinese story `` Three Kingdoms '' , and if you read that novel , it will be easier to understand storyline and whom each characters are . It would still be fun to play without knowing story , because game itself is very fun and storyline in the game is good enough . For graphic , it 's better than average although not on par with games like MGS2 and Final Fantasy X . Since this game usually displays about 20 characters on one screen , better grahic would cause more slowdown , or it might be impossible . Although not amazing , you will be satisfied with it 's graphic . Cutscenes are very clean and real-like . Most fun part of this game is Musou mode , which is basically a storyline mode . You can enjoy it with variety of characters and it is also available with 2 players . Each character have different weapon and fighting style with different musou attacks . As you play more battles , you will get more powerful weapon , items , and your characters will become more powerful . I also have some part that I do n't like in this game . It 's voice acting is horrible , and some missions are as long as 90 minutes !! Overally , I would recommend this game to anyone , especially for those who want different style of action/fighting game.Gameplay
 Basically it 's like Gauntlet/Jedi Power Battles/Command and Conquer , all rolled into one . You fight epic battles where you pretty much single-handedly demolish hundreds of enemy troops - that 's why you 're a hero - heroes do that you know ! But unlike games like Gauntlet , you can chose where on the battle map you want to concentrate your attention , fighting . For example , if one of your ally generals is about to fall , he will issue a warning , and you can either allow him to get slaughtered or you can rush to his aid . Allowing him to die results in the diminishing of the overall moral of the troops , which in term translates to a reduction in fighting ability.Fighting is with very simple button sequences , which are pretty much the same with every character . During the course of the game you collect items that improve your character 's performance.The plot in the game is based on The Three Kingdoms -LRB- also availabe on Amazon -RRB- , a well known Chinese novel . I think this is the first time a video game might actually encourage someone to read a book ! -LRB- Actually Kessen is also based on the same story - surprise , Koei also makes the Kessen game ! -RRB- Unfortunately whatever the story is amongst these kingdoms , it 's completely incomprehnsible in the game . But that 's really not important anyway , as jumping in and killing lots of people pretty much gets you through all the game campaigns.Pros : - simple controls to master - provides light strategy that is manageable in the thick of a battle - can switch to Japanese mode so the characters speak Japanese . Sounds cooler at least . - graphics are goodCons : - game gets a bit repetitive - major hand pain from stabbing the game controller buttons for too long . A campaign can last as long as 40 minutes ! - awefully stilted English voice acting - rock sound track does not really fit with the theme of the game . Needs more of a Gladiator or Lord of the Rings soundtrack in the game .
 The Three Kingdoms era of China is brought to life in this game . I have n't heard anything about Dynasty Warriors 3 until my cousin showed me it . At first , I thought the characters and battles were made-up . However , my cousin has told me he has read about some of the men who lived back then.In the game , you can play up to 40 different characters , each with a different weapon and so on . Most people are unlocked and you have to do something special to unlock them . Doing a `` Musou Mode '' usually unlocks some new people and get thier 2nd and 3rd level weapon . You also get bodyguards , starting with only 2 , but you get more bodyguards as you level up.The toughest guy in the game is Lu Bu and he is very dangerous to low-level characters . So , take the advice someone gives you
 If you have played Dynasty Warriors 2 , then you have a basic idea of what this game is about . Choose one of the famous generals from the Three Kingdoms era , and fight your way to total supremacy . Every character has its own animations and fighting style , as well as special attacks and combinations , to use against the countless enemy warriors you will encounter.Using these skills you must fight your way around the battlefield helping out where and when your force is in trouble . Fans of Dynasty Warriors 2 will note that there is a nice increase in the number of generals that are playable , as well as a HUGE increase in the number of playable levels.One of the neatest features of this installment are all the in-battle additions . Fans of this historical period will take heart at some of these mini cinemas . One that comes to mind is the fight between Liu Bei , Guan Yu , Zhang Fei and Lu Bu . If you , as the player , are in the right place during the Battle for Hu Lao Gate , you will see these 4 generals engage . As a fan of this series , as well as the Romance of the Three Kingdoms games , touches like this bring a tear to my eye.So , if you loved the first one or are looking to get into the series , this game pulls through with hours of button mashing fun . Take out your frustrations by beating up a few hundred soldiers , or even better , a general or ten .
 Nothing quite spells relief like kicking the crud out of thousands of on screen enemies . Even better is the fact that you get to do it with a giant sword . Add to that the forty playable characters , and you have a great game with almost limitless replay value.The instant appeal of this game is the afore mentioned beat up factor . The genre that was perfected with Final Fight is still strong with this game , due in part to the minor RPG character building elements added by Koei , and a much needed two player mode -LRB- this was greatly missing from DW 2 -RRB- . There 's really no way you can go wrong with a game like this . If you got a kick out of Streets of Rage , Final Fight , or any of the other hundreds of games in the same genre , you will love this game .
 Having never played Dynasty Warriors 2 , I was able to pick up Dynasty Warriors 3 and take an objective look at it . I have seen complaints of it being just the same game with a few more characters and stages . But then again , are n't most sequels the same game with a few more characters and stages ? I do however agree that Koei needs a new angle though , as the `` Three Kingdoms '' are becoming quite old.Graphically the game is on par with other PS-2 titles . While you wo n't see any groundbreaking visuals , you wo n't see any ugly glitches either . The animations all have a fluid motion and many of the fighters are fun to watch as they pull of their moves . The enviroments have some details , but is basically nothing more than ground to fight on . Do n't expect to be bouncing off walls or hiding under bridges . There is however some pop-up as well . It seems that the game can only handle a certain number of characters on screen at once , so very often you will see soldiers appear out of no where or vanish into thin air . But the soldiers closest to you are always visible , so this never really becomes a game hindering problem.The gameplay is where DW3 truly shines . While a nice variety of characters is already offered from the first time you turn on the game , those initial 6 characters will turn into a list of 41 -LRB- ! -RRB- playable characters as you progress . Each character has a different weapon and fighting style . Although some characters are quite similar you will notice certain differences . For one , most characters have an individual look to them that seperates them from the others.Another aspect of gameplay that really makes this game shine is the ability to build your characters . As you fight -LRB- either in Free Mode or Mosou Mode -RRB- your character will gain experience and be promoted through the ranks . You will also find numerous stat-boosting items on the battlefield when slaying certain enemy officers . Each character has four weapons which can be found somewhere in the game -LRB- the fourth being a unique and extremely powerful weapon -RRB- . But with a little bit of time you 'll be able to build your normal character into somewhat of a god on the battlefield . Another great thing is that any items found with one character can be used with all characters.The game does however have some really REALLY annoying flaws . One of my biggest complaints is the menus . You 'll notice that once you make your decision you have to either stick with it or reset the console . There is no `` back button '' on any of the menus . While this might seem minor , it will frustrate you quite a bit when you select the wrong mode by mistake and have to reset.You 'll also learn to hate the saving system in the game . The ability to save during a battle is great since many things you just do n't ever want to have to deal with again , but the process of saving during a battle is absolute torture . You 'll have to pause the game and select `` QUIT '' , which brings up a prompt to `` Quit and Save '' . Now you 're back to the main menu . Your game has been saved , but if you 'd like to go back to playing you have to reload the game and wait for everything to boot back up . Once again , it sounds minor but it 'll have you wanting to kick the Playstation.The biggest plague on this game however is the HORRIBLE voice-acting . The lines are spoken with NO enthusiam whatsoever and most of the cutscenes actually hinder the gameplay rather than get you more excited . I 'd actually advise putting the voices in japanese and just reading the english subtitles , it helps make the story more exciting . Although I have to wonder why there is no chinese dialog . I highly doubt that english and japanese were spoken in 2nd century China.Although Koei is known for their strategy games , that element is almost non-existant in DW3 . While you might be a general on the battlefield , you can never really command your troops . In fact , you can run in a completely opposite direction from them and abandon them altogether . You are sometimes given specific orders of where to attack , but you never have to follow these orders if you do n't want to . Basically you 'll just be running around hacking away at whoever you wish . And no matter what the game tells you , you are all alone on that battlefield . Also , do n't believe that hype about the elephants . There is only 1 OUT OF 18 battlefields where elephants are present . And while riding them is fun , it hardly constitutes a feature that should be mentioned repeatedly and praised so dearly . It just does n't happen enough to matter.So why do I give it 4 stars ? Bottom line ... the game is fun and it has very high replay value . With 41 fighters , 18 battlefields , a slew of weapons and items , and the ability to build your characters and move them through the ranks this game will have you playing for weeks . The enemy AI is great as enemy officers block , pull off combos , and even use special moves . And while the game might seem like a button masher -LRB- which it kinda is -RRB- , there are combos you can pull off and fighting strategies you can use if you actually want to learn how to play . Sure the menus are annoying and the voices are the worst I 've ever experienced in a video game , but DW3 has a lot of depth and is extremely enjoyable .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I went to the local Gamestop yesterday where I like to hang out because the guys who work there are awesome . Anyhow , they just recently received DW3 . I played the 2nd one a bit and thought it was a little above average . Well my friend , who played DW2 before , and I gave this game a try . He tried a little of the 1P mode . Then we tried the VS mode which was pretty cool . We were n't totally positive if there was a co-op but when I found out there was we figured out how . This game is fantastic . I personally enjoy multiplayer in any video game and this one does it very nicely . There were a few `` bugs , '' but what can one expect from a game that is so huge and running on the limits of the PS2 . `` Bugs '' you say ? Well actually I noticed one bug and two annoyances . The one bug was the spawning and de-spawning of characters on screen basically randomly . Enemies would just appear in the middle of the screen randomly . And they would disappear just the same . One annoyance was that the game REALLY slowed down , probably 10 FPS -LRB- frames per second -RRB- , when at one point there was too much going on the screen . The other annoyance was the `` fog . '' I do n't mean programmed weather fog , like rain or snow or fog . I mean the system can not handle all the polygons , so it fills outside a small radius of the player `` game fog '' - where one can not see because it 's just grey . Many other games experience this , especially console games . If you ever played Turok ... bad fog too . Other than all that , this game is so darn awesome . It 's fun running around just smashing opponents and watching them fly across the screen . The 2P `` Mosou '' mode is just great . Get this game now !!!
 I bought this game over two months ago , and I STILL play it all the time . Having read and reread Romance of the Three Kingdoms many times , and having played other games in the series -LRB- including the earlier Dynasty Wariors titles , as well as the RTK series , as well as lesser known titles such as Destiny of an Emperor -RRB- , I was quite excited when I finally purchased this game.I 've read quite a few reviewers say the game plays like a historical Gauntlet , but this is n't entirely accurate . Yes , at the easier levels , you can take your officers into the fray with reckless abandon , slahing away until every enemy soldier is dead . However , it is far more satisfying to play this at the harder levels , where you need to wait for backup from your army and fellow generals , and also where you must rush to the rescue of fallen comrades on the field of battle . The action is so frenetic , I often forget how long I have been playing.The in-game cinemas are pretty cool -LRB- getting them to appear can be difficult , however -RRB- , and the idea of the hidden fourth level weapons is fantastic -LRB- although thumbs down to some of the ridiculous hoops a player has to jump through to get them ; for those of you who have played , I never really figured out WHAT I did to get Dong Zhuo 's weapon ! -RRB- . One thing I do n't like is the fact that , after you have played through the game with the main generals -LRB- Liu Bei , Cao Cao and Sun Jian -RRB- , they will ALWAYS lead their armies , even after they have seemingly died . Also , the English dialogue is poorly voiced , and so many names are mispronounced -LRB- `` Cow Cow ? '' Learn the pronunciation rules , you dolts ! -RRB- . However , these are -LRB- very ! -RRB- minor flaws . I would recommend this game to anyone ; you will NOT be disappointed . Oh , and by the way , this is CHINESE history , not JAPANESE !!!
 Next gen consoles are a great idea - fantastic graphics , fast CPU 's , etc. . . but rarely do I witness a game that makes it worth buying one of these consoles . Dynasty Warriors 3 is such a game.A friend and I rented it out last week , and spent eight hours straight playing it . We only stopped because it was 6am and I had to study the next day.As a one-player experience , this game is fun , with hours and hours of defeating weak opponents in order to charge up your musou for attacks on enemy generals . The game is quite large , and every level is a challenge . Choosing the best character is also difficult - should you go for speed and skill , or brute strength ? I usually go for speed , as you need it sometimes to run away from enemy generals.By far the best part about DW3 is the cooperative mode . It 's fun spending half an hour hammering away at the opposition , then having to run the length of the map to help out a friend , only to require his assistance later on . And you ca n't help but boast when you 've killed 400 enemies and he has only defeated 200 . I love this game . If I had n't already spent my money on an Xbox , I would have seriously considered getting a PS2 and wasting precious hours away playing DW3 . Over the past week when I 've been studying law , I find myself thinking fondly of Dynasty Warriors 3 . If you cherish your spare time , do n't go out and buy this game . But , if you want a fantastic two-player beat-em-up experience which far exceeds old memories of Double Dragon , Final Fight or Ninja Turtles , then buy this game .
 `` Dynasty Warriors 3 '' is unlike any console game I have ever played . Intense battlefield level action accompanied by some beautiful graphics really make this one an eye catcher . As you slash your way through 20 stages you 'll find yourself glued to your Playstation 2 . Yet , as addicting as this game is , its not without its own flaws , which unfortunately hold it back from becoming a real contender.On the positive side `` Dynasty ... '' is an adrenaline fueled , hack n ' slash adventure in which you experience first hand glorious battle with your fellow comrades . As far as I 'm concerned , nothing beats charging at 50 enemy soldiers with your men behind you , I often found myself yelling to `` motivate '' my soldiers . With over 40 warriors to choose from -LRB- most have to be unlocked -RRB- , you 'll find yourself with plenty of new things to do . The game modes range from `` Musou '' , which is similar to a campaign mode , all the way to `` Endurance '' which pits you against 1000 enemy troops to see just how long you can last.Unfortunately , the time has come for me to point out some things I had problems with . First off , game slow down is a very real factor , and though its not a common problem it will happen from time to time , especially when there are too many troops on screen . In game announcements become repetitive and annoying after about one mission , hearing your general say `` Your better than I have heard ! '' every 5 minutes can put you on edge a bit . Enemy AI also proves not to be the smartest thing in the world , do n't be too suprised when you sneak up on an enemy troop running into the wall . The Japanese to English translation is sometimes laughable , especially during cutscenes when characters mouths are so incredibly out sync , but that does n't really affect the game I suppose . Finally , game play is a bit shallow , and while there is some strategy involved , it mostly just involves picking the right route to attack your enemy from.But do n't take that previous paragraph to seriously , this is all and all a fun game . The replay value is very high , and multiplayer mode is entertaining and helpful -LRB- especially during hard missions -RRB- . If your looking to experience sword to sword , face to face intense battle then this is your best bet .
 This game is indeed loosely based upon the conflicts that arose in China during the dynasty periods , where the regions competed for space and power in historical China . The controls are excellent and very easy to learn . This game possesses single and two-player capabilities . And with this game , you have about 40 different characters with different fighting styles , so you are bound to find one that you like . For example , I like Wei Yan , the Asian `` Klingon , '' and Zhang He , a Vega look-a-like from the Street Fighter series . This game requires strategy on-the-fly and conservation of health for the big bosses of each level . The strategies are n't particularly difficult , once you know where to attack first and what particular route to take . A hint
 I like this game because it has 40 players to play with and 20 stages . It is the kind of games you never get bored of . it 's better then part 4 and 2 And dynasty warriors 3 xtream legends.If I were you i 'd rent it first because its my opinion . And you have to beat all the stages and kill people and offisers to get a new weapon.Thats my kind of game .
 Having played the DW2 , I could n't wait for the sequel . I bought this game months ago and played with my friend most of the time in co-op mode . DW3 basically obsoletes the prequel such that it has everything its predecessor had and a whole lot more . The game boasts a myriad of 41 characters while the other game had a mere 28 . The storyline is more focused this time around which also caused me to buy the novel -LRB- get the 4-volume set if you 're planning to buy it since its complete and does n't leave any plotholes . You can also see my review there -RRB- . Everything about this game is great from the gameplay , graphics , music , and storyline . One caveat , the english voice acting in the cutscenes are hysterically bad in tandem with the out of sync movement of the lips . One cutscene , I remember has Sun Jian saying
 It arrived in good condition and on time but I like dynasty warriors four a lot better the gameplay is n't as great in this one
 Great , thanks for sending it and it shows some wear but barley ! I love the dynasty warriors so much ! thanks : -RRB-
 The only problems I have come across in this game is that if there are a large number of people on the screen near you some of them will disappear , but still be able to inflict damage on you . Also it can be difficult to level up your bodyguards as they die in just a couple hits . Otherwise it is a great game that my husband and I enjoy playing together .
 Basically , this is ` nt as much a review as a comparison , but here goes . . How It All Started ------------------------------------------------------- I got my start on the DW series over 5 years ago , when a family friend of ours brought over a brand new copy of DW4 for PS2 ... and I 've been hooked on these games since . Since then I have also gotten into DW3 -LRB- rented it a long time ago -RRB- . I have tried out most others in the series from DW5 to Samurai Warriors 1 and 2 to Warriors Orochi . After trying out many of the newer titles , it becomes very clear to me that the most enjoyable and best DW games are DW3 and DW4.Why?One word
 I loved this game . I loved how each character path may take you down a different set of battles . Finding items to make your character or its bodyguards better kept me coming back to each battle over and over again . Ca n't wait for DW4 to show up !!!
 I bought this game and I think it 's great . I do n't understand why it has n't spawned any copycat games . I would love to see this type of fighting game with a dungeons and dragons setting . Fighting hundreds of orcs and goblins would be a blast . Or a barbarian , viking , or Roman version . It still needs more strategy and you should be able to give your troops orders -LRB- the addition of being able to give the bodyguards orders , so far is worthless . attack or defend , they already did that . -RRB- I think the person who said the 2 player part of the game is unplayable is crazy . It is playable and it makes the game into a worthy purchase instead of a rental . One night and my fingers are already sore . I love it .
 2 player cooperative or competitive , 41 different characters with 4 weapons per character , over 20 different equipable items -LRB- you can equip up to 5 at once -RRB- , a more complex combo system , lots o ' replay value , and elephants ! How could you not want your own elephant ? All fans of hack n ' slash and/or fans of Romance of the Three Kingdoms must NOT overlook this title .
 Dynasty Warriors 3 is the best in the series.there will be over 20 playale levels and 40 playable characters !!! All the same charactors with many more . Better attack moves and more troops such as elephant troops , so you can trample over people what fun !! over all this is a amazing game !!
 This was my first introduction the the dynasty warrior series leaving me anxiously awaiting the rumored Dynasty Warriors 4 that 's supposed to be coming out next spring sometime . The style of game play is something akin to old Chinese Kung Fu flicks were the Generals are practically unbeatable and scatter lower level troops to the four winds . It 's great on the easy level setting if you just want to blow off some steam and thrash some people . Or it 's good for a challenge since the hard level setting is in fact hard even with a well trained and well equipped character . With 40 playable characters -LRB- though not all are available in the story mode -RRB- there is virtually no way to aquire every special weapon and item and complete story mode without playing it for hundreds upon hundereds of hours . Be warned it can get a little repetetive , a single free mode battle can last upwards of 30 minutes , and your thumbs will hurt afterwards . When my brother and I first got this game we played it for a full 7 hours straight . It 's a time killer people .
 its fun and interesting and i like all the levels
 This is it , the game all gauntlet fans and alike have waited for , the one game of equal parts bash and go action and historical destruction . Oh man if you have played any of the previous dw 's then this will throw you over the top . period . same few levels as dw2 w / new more expansive levels and over 40 playable characters and unique combos for each , PLayers Pic For Best Character : Dian Wei , you might remember him from # 2 . It is so gripping , a non stop thrill ride that drops you the same time you turn your console off . Amazing and to add more sugar to the mix , WAR ELEPHANTS ! Get this Game You Wont Regret it
 The only things I would change in this game is two make the characters more powerful when they are riding horses , and to allow an I-link compatibility so for heroes can play at once . The multiplayer on this game is awesome .
 This game takes the cake . It is awsome . The game is so indepth and is pretty historically correct . The attacks are superb and the option of giving your body guards commands is cool !!! I like the fact that the game is just pick up and play type . It is pretty simple . Although the voices sound like they are constipated or something like that . The gameplay is awesome . So if you have just lost your job , or had a fight with your brother / sister , or just simply in the mood for a killing frenzy ... THIS IS THE GAME TO BUY !!!!!
 I love this game so much . KOEI always makes good historical games and it 's most successful game series is SanGuo -LRB- Dynasty Warrior -RRB- . I have played the game for a few months and got all the weapons and equipment . I am looking forward the next generation of this game .
 This game is perfect for anyone , kids or adults . The characters are fun and friendly . This game has moves that are easily picked up , yet the game is challenging . I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes fantasy games .
 Bought it for a 4 yr . old grandson and he loves it did not lose interest in it and it is a good clean fun game . No violence or bad language etc. .
 The best computer golf game period.I have downloaded Demo , s of2001 thru 2003 and no comparison.A look backward by Microsoftmight give them a clue for the future .
 As a long time user of Access links golf sims I just have to say that this game keeps on getting better , maybe not by leaps and bounds but always an improvement . If you have Links LS 99 and are debating over the upgrade to 2000 , it is definitely worth it . Why ? The scenery seems more clear than ever , you are able to choose from numerous sky scenes which is great , Fuzzy Z. is a new golfer with great comments and new courses . It is definitely an upgrade from Links LS 99 . You just install it over top of the previous version . Many people who upgraded from Windows 95 to 98 , noticed the differences after using it for awhile . It is the same with this game .
 Overall , a very fun golf game . If you have , or played Links LS 98 and enjoyed , then you will equally enjoy Links LS 2000 . Graphics wise it appears the same just different courses . It does seem , however , the two click swing to be faster on 2000 than 98 . This threw my timing off a bit coming from Links LS 98 but I did adapt . Will eventually have to buy the 10 pack course that is out there . Just the $ 44.00 dollar price tag is a bit high . One thing I do like about 2000 is the comments from the other golfers . Much more commentary with good lines , found myself laughing at this quite a bit . The menu screen has a little different layout than 98 , but easy enough to navigate . I am using an older desktop that I built back in 1999 , so it does run a little slower than 98 for me . Running
 I am still playing this golf game despite having the EA Tiger Woods game . EA still has n't come up with a course as challenging as Devil 's Island . Never mind the ancient graphics , Devil 's Island is still the greatest challenge . There are a number of other nice courses as well . Links has the MOP Designer which EA 's TW game does not have . Points can be assigned for different events occuring in a golf round or play for money for each event . There is n't much choice for player appearance or apparel as there is in EA 's TW golf but it 's still interesting to play with what is available .
 Best product Microsoft thas ever bought . Superb . Pity there isnt a Linux version available !
 I 've been using LinksLS Golf for several years . I 've had the opportunity to play a couple of the courses available for the program . The realistic graphics are excellent . Add on players are fun -LRB- Arnie , Davis Love III , and Fuzzy Z -RRB- and actual player voices are used . There are lots of options to customize the game to your liking . A must for Sim fans and ALL golf fans .
 Links LS is a God send to golf fanatics of all ages . The realism is uncanny and the play is almost as good as being there . The game is easy to play and even offers lessons on how to play better . This software also has internet play built right in . You can play on-line tournaments or even one-one play at The Gaming Zone . Microsoft also sells add on courses that makes you feel like a pro . You could n't get on these PGA courses in real life , but with Links LS you are there ! Do n't worry about the software going out of date . I previously owned LS 99 and decided to upgrade . To my surprise , Microsoft offered a $ 15 rebate if you owned a previous Links LS version . You will be amazed at this game . If you are trying to decide between Tiger 's Game or any other sim game , wonder no more . This game is IT !
 Granted , Microsoft , which recently purchased Access , was resting on its laurels with the release of this year 's version . This is not the revolutionary update to the series that the 2001 version is purported to be . Still , with rebate and some new courses it 's not totally devoid of charm . The more of the same you get , however , continues to be the strongest simulation in the computer golf genre . I have owned all the versions since its inception , along with all the courses , and have seen its sophistication and polish grow over the years . Many people approach the Links series from different angles with different goals in mind . What they should not approach thinking is that this is a shallow console game that you can control with a gamepad . I golf 3 of 4 times a week in real life at an 8 hcp and have not found a golf game that models the physics of putting and ball striking as well as Links LS does . Punches , flops , bump and run , pitches and chips are all represented choices your avatar/player can choose from . It 's always interesting to find yourself moving back and forth between the simulation and reality , where you might tell yourself while on the real course ` now make sure your swing is as smooth and controlled as LS ' or inadvertently looking for the non-existent putting grid . LS also helps hone game time decisions such as when to punch out of a wooded area , or to declare an unplayable lie , etc. . Each side of the game is helped by the other . In addition to liking the LS series because of its mental/situational parallels to the real thing , I appreciate the meticulously crafted courses . In this version one can actually detect increases in sharpness for many of the objects on the courses included . -LSB- The 30 or so other courses are still compatible -RSB- One begins to pick up little niceties over the course of the series , like the progression of the fairway and the rough designs and colors . The panoramas have also seen a sharpening ; it 's just a pity that we will have to wait until the 2001 version to finally progress past the current pixelated players and their square-ish shadows . The new clouds are also more realistic and lend a storm front atmosphere if you want it . Ca n't comment on the online/tourney aspect of this game , it 's usually just me vs the course and my scoring histories . So , if you 're upgrading from MS Golf , or entering the LS series completely , this is the appropriate on ramp . If you 're a Links lifer you get more of the same strong product as you wait for the big update this fall . Things to look forward to there , the addition of a course designer , new sharply digitized golfers , a preparation for a 3-d world , new courses , and the ability to tune your PC golfer to your real life ball striking physical characteristics -LSB- 7 iron , 130 yards , etc. -RSB- . It 's a testament to the strength of the series and Access that it continues to find a home on my HD after more than a decade of constant play . Recommended .
 Even though it 's the latter half of the year 2003 , I recently ` upgraded ' from my former golf game - Links LS 99 - to its sequel , the supposedly outdated and obsolete 4-year-old Links LS 2000 . Why did I opt to purchase a four year old golf game instead of a new golf game such as Links 2003 or Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003 ? Because the supposedly obsolescent LS 2000 is still , even today , the best golf game available.Being an avid fan of the LS series , I can say that LS 2000 is , by a slim margin , the best of the series . I was pleased to find that it is an improvement -LRB- albeit very small -RRB- over Links LS 99 - something I CA N'T claim about its sequels , Links 2001 or Links 2003
 I have been playing the Links LS series for a few years now , and every year the graphics some how get better , as well as the game play . I 've played pretty much every other golf game for the PC , and I like this one the best by far . There are numerous courses you can play , all with amazing detail and clarity . The players swing motions are just perfect and sharpe . If you love golf , this is a game should should go out and purchase .
 I 've been a LINKS LS fan for a long time . I have ALL 32 available courses . The photorealistic graphics are unquestionably superb . The ball flight and landing physics ... outstanding . The total gameplay and user interface is smooth and flawless . The choice of players , modes of play , and swing syles is also first rate . However , the ONLY complaint I have at this point is the choice of courses available . In my opinion , Jack Nicklaus 6 -LRB- from Activision -RRB- is the next best runner up of all the the golf sims available , They have an extremely sophisticated player `` course designer '' that allows individuals to actually design courses . So far there are a mere 310 courses . Perhaps 50 % of which are not top of the line , but several that are absolutely outstanding ! LINKS LS has 32 . Plus a new 10 course `` add-on '' that includes 1 `` new '' course . The rest have already been released in other packages . Let me tell you ... this is a gorgeous golf sim , but they need MORE NEW REAL COURSES , released NOW ! Microsoft ... if you want to remain competitive , release new courses , or incorporate a course designer . There is no question about it ! None the less , Try LINKS , and you 'll be amazed!ADDITIONAL NOTES 2012
 When Links first hit the software market it was the talk of the town , now the latest version LS 2000 is going to follow suit . This three cd set is the best golf software package bar none that I have ever tested.The install has an upgrade or full install depending on whether you have LS1999 installed . I recommend the typical install unless you have 800MB of free space . Also you will need cd disk 1 in order to run the game.The graphics and sound are even better than before and this version does run under Windows 2000 . You have more options to choose from in the setup of players , more professional golfer like Fuzzy Zoeller installed and more overall match options making this game one of the best around.Also include are six new course to choose from and a screen saver . I was very impressed with the software , but knowing Microsoft reputation for quality gaming application this should have come as no surprise at all . I highly recommend this product to everyone .
 For years I have used the similar Microsoft Golf -LRB- which can even load the same courses -RRB- but Links is superior in graphics and reliability . I found that Mirosoft Golf occasionally had glitches that Links does not have . The beauty of Links is it 's realism . For example , I attended the US Open at Pinehurst and it was very misty and drizzly on the final day of the tourney . I am able to set the settings to duplicate the haze and mist . It is absolutely uncanny . Having seen the Pinehurst # 2 course -LRB- and even played it -RRB- several times , I am stricken by the stunning accuracy of Links . It is truly like you are really there . I am a so so golfer but in Links , my fantasies are fulfilled as I battle Arnold Palmer -LRB- and sometimes beat him -RRB- . The software reproduces shots accurately and the game is truly fun and realistic . There are settings to duplicate any situation including wind conditions , fast greens , shotmaking -LRB- ie fading and drawing the ball -RRB- etc. . I recommend Links without qualification .
 I 've played with all the Links versions , starting with Access Links 386 ... when was that again ? This is just a great golf simulation and it keeps getting better . You got it all , from the beginner to the expert gamer . The game is incredably realistic , with backspin , punch and flop shots -LRB- yes , I do play golf for real -RRB- and tournament style options . It is actually MUCH better than the 2001-version , which was a disappointment in speed -LRB- I 've a PIII-700 with lots of everything ! -RRB- and compatability -LRB- with the older versions -RRB- . Importing my old courses was a snap , as is using the game over the Internet . Enjoy !
 So far I 'm liking this Moto GP 3 game pretty good , although for a 2005 game , the graphics are a little sub-par . They could have made things a bit shinier and brighter and sharper like so many games now . The graphics here are good enough and get the job done . But they could have at least rendered more that one dashboard view for all these different bikes , for instance . What a lack of effort . The gameplay experience , the steering and controls of this game along with the thrill of speeding around on cool bikes , would have been enhanced by sweeter graphical details . The control scheme is a bit complex and tricky , but that also is kind of fun and definitely makes racing this distinct from car racing games . There is a delicate balance of throttle and braking front and rear and shifting your weight via the Xbox controller . All these factors can be employed to greater and lesser degrees depending on how bad * ss your wan na be . -LRB- There is also a feature called `` the beast '' that just shows a kind of spinning multicolor visual effect in the options mode so you can listen to your sellected sountrack . Okay , whatever . -RRB- I recommend buying Moto GP 3 cheaply and I suggest using the master cheat code -LRB- try entering `` L , U , L , L , B , U , L , L , D , U , B '' at the white ` press start ' screen -RRB- .
 MotoGP Ulimate Racing Technology 3 by THQ is the best motorcycle racing game on any platform , period . Of course , there is n't a whole lot of competition in this area , and no other game comes close . It 's essentially Moto GP 2 with the addition of street racing tracks -LRB- Moto GP 2 only had race tracks -RRB- , and some other updated features . You can play the game with an arcady feel all the way to a full simulation feel or anywhere in between . Beware , the full-on sim mode can be very difficult to pick up and play at first ! Try the more arcade feel first till you get better at it !
 I already reviewed Moto GP 2 . So I 'm going to compare this game to that one . Moto GP 2 is my fav XBOX game ever . So I had hoped that this game would be better or at least as good . The problem is that I 'm so used to Moto GP 2 . I didnt realize how attached I was to it until I played GP 3 . I miss certain things like the engine sounds and other stuff . This game is good , dont get me wrong . But if you 're used to playing GP 2 then it 'll take some getting used to . You have to unlock bikes as you progress . You can actually customize the bikes more now and buy parts . I still think I liked GP 2 better . I was all hyped to get the new one but I wasnt blown away like I thought I 'd be . The new race highlights are pretty good though . If you have n't played GP 2 then you cant just throw everything I 've said here out of the window . Its practically the same game but with a few tweaks , so you might as well call it Moto GP 2.5 . I 'd still rather play GP 2 than the new one . GP 2 spoiled the heck out of me . I still have n't played a better racing simulation for XBOX .
 If you liked any of the other Scooby Doo games this one will be no exception . Great graphics and plot with easy to use controls . Good for children of all ages .
 loved it so much i bought a second as a gift . nice kids game
 A great game for all Scooby fans to enjoy . You encounter assorted enemies from the original TV show ! Really fun to play ! Woot !
 Purchased this game for my young grandsons . It plays perfect . Great value for the money .
 Hail to the King , this game was fun ! Something you can play over and over again and I love that there 's infinite ammo ! And of course having Bruce Campbell voicing Ash makes it even better !
 This is definitely the best out of the three Evil Dead games , and I liked Fistful of Boomsticks . The story is better , Ted Raimi co-stars as Sam , and the problems that Fistful had are fixed in this game . It makes for a great action title , and a real fun treat for fans of the series . Ted and Bruce are great , and the dialogue they exchange is priceless ! One of the better things about this game is that Ash actually looks like Bruce Campbell , and he did n't really have that look on the previous game . The extras that are unlockable are also worth seeing , even though you have to find them throughout the game . Overall , this is a game you must play if you are a fan , because it is the best and it gives me hope for the next one .
 This game is a blast to play , you have Bruce Campbell cracking one-liners , and of course you kill deadites with a chiansaw and shotgun , what more could one want .
 Ok . I 'm not a Bruce Campbell nut . But , I do own all the Evil Dead Series . I 'm saying this because I think alot of people who rated this game so great are in the whole cult movie `` I love everything that has to do with Evil Dead '' ... could be wrong !? Anyways , the game is overall very repetitive . Not too many finishing moves and the deadites do the Kung fu movie thing and wait for you to kill one of thier friends before they come after you . There are some really funny moments in the game . The audiotrack is pretty good and you can tell the game was built mainly for the video segments between game play . The game is entertaining but not very challenging . I would probably give the game a 3 but $ 20 I cutt it a break . If you are an evil dead fan you 'll love it . If you are a gamer and not so into the Evil Dead movement then renting is probably the best bet .
 Evil dead is typically a very good game . Fistfull of Boomstick got a freaking 2/5 in most mags i was like WTF . REGENERATION BEATS BOOMSTICK BY 10 points REGENERATION THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY XBOX GAMER .
 In EVIL DEAD
 an evil dead game to be proud of ! this game is $ 20 but having played through it , i would have gladly paid $ 50 . awesome is every way - juggling deadites a la devil may cry , the harpoon gun -LRB- need i say more ?!?!?! -RRB- , and believe it or not - fun , no really FUN bossfights and overall gameplay . i hope cranky pants gets to do a bunch of sequels !!! regeneration is the game worthy of the name EVIL DEAD!don ' t think twice . pick up this wonderful action shooter platformer hybrid ! all hail the king baby !
 This is by far the best of the Evil Dead games . Controls are easy to learn and switching from weapon to weapon is simple . While there are some puzzles to the game , they actually make sense so they are n't nearly as annoying as some other games -LRB- the Resident Evil games come to mind -RRB- . The graphics are excellent and add to overall gameplay significantly . Intended for mature gameplayers , this game has plenty of hack and slash . Camera angles , for once , do n't seem to be a problem and the gameplay is fun and not overly difficult . Voice acting is superb and is quite entertaining , especially the cut scenes . Speaking of the cut scenes , they really took time to make this game appear like the original Evil Dead movie . The story line moves along at a quick pace but is not the least bit confusing . The only problem with this game is how short it is . I beat it as a rental in just a couple of days and never played it for more than a couple of hours at a time , leaving the replay value low . However , with most games in the $ 50 range , this under $ 20 gem is a must have for anyone interested in action/horror games or a fan of the Evil Dead series .
 This is a really good game , great controls , voice acting and graphics . If you 're a Evil Dead fan this is a must have . It 's fun and it 's not extremely difficult or frustrating . This is definately worth $ 20 . I thought it was cool that this one and Fistful of Boomstick were both $ 20 when they came out . Do n't we all wish every game would be like this . Regeneration beats most of the $ 50 games out there right now .
 Since the year 2000 , THQ has been making the Evil Dead games . The 1st one was n't all that and the 2nd one was ok . Evil Dead
 I Just Picked my copy of evil dead regeneration today . I was pretty excited about it because im a huge evil dead fan . I popped this in my x box and it was amazing . The controls are alot easier than the last game , and plus it reminds me a hell of a lot of an evil dead movie . Trust me if you like the movies than this is the game you have been waiting for . - The Movie / video game guy
 Wow ! All I can say is this is a really kick-ass game . I do n't know why it 's only 20 bucks , I 'd say you better grab this one before somebody realized they put the wrong price on it . If you like shooter games and especially if you like the Evil Dead movies GET THIS GAME ! This game is right up with some of my other favorite shooters GunGrave and the Devil May Cry games . Great action , great graphics and very Evil Dead , I give it at a 9 out of 10 !
 If you enjoy the evil dad movies , you 'll love this game . I saw it while browsing on here and just thought I 'd give it a try , I 'm glad I did . It plays well , the storyline is awesome and the humor is hilarious . It plays like `` the suffering '' but it 's a lot more clevor . I really enjoy playing this game .
 I think this game was so much fun mostly because you get to do more things with Ash . He gets to jump and have unlimited bullets , which is nice for once in an Ash game . Plus getting the chance to play two different characters is fun too . Sam is just as funny as Ash and just as fun to play . Also the extras with Bruce and Ted are hilarious !
 Three decades ago a little movie was made in a cabin about one man 's survival against his demonically posessed friends . Then there was a sequil and a third movie where he went back in time . This game branches off in a tangeant between Evil Dead 2 and Army of Darkness . Half the focus of the movies were horror , the other half was enjoyable comedy that was sometimes cartoonish , and full of one liners from actor Bruce Campbell.Bruce is back for the roll , but do n't worry , you do n't need to see any of the movies to know that you are Ash , a man with a chainsaw for a right hand that carries a `` boomstick '' shotgun to kick some demon tail . The game gives you a quick tutorial on your easy to understand controls . Hold the R trigger to atutomatically lock onto a target enemy , and press the X button to shoot it . Press the B button for the chainsaw . Its really simple . White button to switch guns , black button to switch between arm gadgets -LRB- chainsaw , flame thrower , hook shot -RRB- . A to jump . Its very easy and very enjoyable combat.The story is n't all that important , but basically a book called the Necromonicon has been stolen by Ash 's psychiatric doctor that intends to do evil things with it . He also kidnaps Bruce 's beautiful laywer -LRB- the princess to rescue -RRB- . Basically , the plot has been done before , so has the game.The game itself seems very much like a 3D Castlevania . As Ash , you will break boxes for health -LRB- instead of candles -RRB- , find secret unlockables -LRB- like behind the scenes videos -RRB- , secret health upgrades , get new weapons , new abilities like the ability to go berserk , all while facing undead enemies and posessed people . There is a nice puzzle element to the game too that will have you using your smarts to figure out things.It has a very nice flow to it and there is a good dynamic with Ash 's sidekick Sam that he finds along the way . Sam -LRB- voiced by Ted Rami -RRB- is an undead little person , and because of this , he dies in several hilarious ways only to respawn . Ash can boot him flying , Ash can posess him for a change of pace and a different dynamic -LRB- along with some cool music -RRB- , but most importantly the two will banter back and forth . This is where the game shines , the comedy both of these two ooze between the two of them and even alone.Many might critisize the game for using Sam to pad play time of the game . Such as Ash will posess Sam , who will then crawl through an area only he can get to , battle enemies , solve a puzzle , flip a switch , then Ash will have to go into the area to do something else . Ash will then need to defend Sam as they go back to a previous area . Even though there is plenty of that , it never seems tedious or monotonous , because Sam and Ash play completely different.In all , this is a really enjoyable game ! Plenty of secret unlockables , differing gameplay , puzzles , great quirky comedy , and some very fun combat that includes some brutal fatalities . Rent this game , buy this game , you will find something to love about it .
 I love the Evil Dead movies , and I even like the games , something that can rarely be said about licensed games . This is another one of those licensed games that did n't get as much attention as it truly deserved.WHAT THE GAME IS
 I was very pleasantly surprised by Medal of Honor Airborne , as the series had been going downhill as of late . This game recaptures this intense action of the original , and pairs it with a novel gameplay approach.PROS
 A well done World War II FPS featuring the USA Airborne division.As with any game there are positives and negatives ... let me elaborate.The Pros :1 . -RRB- Excellent graphics , audio and gameplay .2 . -RRB- Several upgrades to weapons -LRB- larger ammo clips , scopes , faster reload , etc. -RRB- that become available with progress in the game .3 . -RRB- The game requires thinking , patience and working with your comrades . No stand up and blast away here ; you just wo n't last very long .4 . -RRB- Multiplayer available if you register your game online . -LRB- See Cons
 I 'm really surprised to see some of the negative reviews of this game on this forum . I 'm a big fan of World War II first-person shooters , and this is by far the best one I 've played . The graphics are fantastic , the missions are challenging but fun , and I love the fact that the entire game is much less linear than previous Medal of Honor games . Being able to choose where to drop is a great feature . The enemies are far more intelligent than in other shooters , so you never know exactly what to expect . Overall I had a lot of fun playing it , and hope there 's an expansion for it soon .
 This is easily one of MOH 's best games . Yes , you do need a suitable computer to play it , but if you tone down the audio quality and a few of the video effects , it will run ok . The graphics are very good , but what I find most enjoyable is that you can run around anywhere in the arena of action and attack from different areas . Many complain the weapons are harder to use because you have to zoom onto the target -LRB- right mouse button -RRB- and fire , and because the machine gun bursts -LRB- flames -RRB- degrade the view ; but I think these features make the game more realistic . Another aspect that I think is an improvement is the save routine ; it 's automatic after a checkpoint is reached . Now , unlike with earlier MOH games , you 'd better be careful . No more rushing forward and firing away at a target following a quick save . Now you HAVE to take your shot and pull back for cover before you 're hit . Again , this is more realistic . You 're rarely alone on the battlefield with guys around you barking orders and conversing back and forth . It is a different game than earlier versions of MOH , but very , very good . I 'm having a great time with it . It exceeded my expectations and time flies when you 're playing .
 Just got this game last week , after dealing with a few odd install quirks -LRB- if you do n't have windows firewall enabled , it does 99.9 % of the install , and then crashes -RRB- . Once installed it works well on my machine , which is an older , but highend system -LRB- p4 3.06 ghz , 2gigs of ram , 256 MB AGP card -RRB- running on a mix of high and medium settings.I 've only played the 1st mission so far -LRB- Operation Husky -RRB- . These are all paratrooper missions , and instead of starting off at a fixed spawn point , you drop in and can steer your drop to land almost anywhere on the map ... although ignoring the marked drop zones can be lethal , as you may come down right in front of pill box ... At least in the 1st mission , the map is very non linear , and there are a lot of opportunities for flanking , sniping , dropping grenades off roof tops.Unlike a lot of FPS games that only have a lean right and left , this one allows you to lean up and down , so you can peek over cover and shoot , peek under , etc.Combat is pretty brutal , you really need to use cover , and its pretty much impossible to just stand and slug it up with enemy troops . It has no Quick Save , so you ca n't do kill/save/kill / save exploits.The squadmate AI is pretty good . Your mates do n't tend to put the heads infront of your gun as often , and enemy bots will use cover also .
 I was really excited about getting this game . I 've been a fan of Medal of Honor
 This game was very good . It is a resource hog ! I have a Pentium D 3ghz , Nvidia 7900GT and 1.5 Gigs of ram and the game took it all . I had to shut down all the background task just so it would run good , not great . -LRB- Much easier if you go to run and enter msconfig and then turn off all start up programs than what the manual tells you to do . -RRB- Some of the new effect were spectacular . I really like this game I just wish it ran more like Pacific Assault or COD 2 . After paying both in multi - player COD 1 and 2 is better . But this is the best Medal of Honor game both single and multi-player versions . I did enjoy playing it very much . I just hope the next version does not need a mainframe super computer to play . Sometimes a little less is a lot more . I will give it four and a half stars if I had a choice . A little too short , no quick save and the choppy play are the reason .
 This game is great . If you liked MOD
 this is one of the best medal of honor games ever and works on windows 7 very recomended to everyone
 I am glad they eventually created a Medal of Honor game featuring paratroopers . No doubt it would be a terrifying experience to be one , but to play as one is quite a thrill . This game is quite revolutionary in that EA developed technology to enable you to land anywhere on an extensive map as a paratrooper , rather than creating a sequential map with a clear starting point . Another fun thing about it is that the game automatically upgrades your weapons the more you use them , making it get ever-easier to defeat the enemy as you play levels over and over again . The fun of the levels comes from having to quickly adapt to different environments and avoid getting killed when you land in enemy territory . There are `` safe areas '' shown by green flares for you to get extra health and ammunition , but you do n't have to land in them . It 's also good that you do n't have to eliminate all your enemies to complete an objective . Instead , once you complete an objective , the enemy disperses from that area , which is much more realistic . -LRB- My only complaint with the structure of the game is that I was never able to perform well enough to unlock all the bonus videos -- but thankfully , someone eventually posted them to YouTube ! -RRB- The 6 missions you get to experience are
 This game was ahead of its time when it came out . Caused me to buy a better computer with a better graphics card . Loved It !
 i liked original one . so , i wanted to try upgraded one . it was fun , better graphic , mvt of enemies was more realistic -LRB- they do n't just move left and right sideways like they are crab or dancing or something as they were in 1st one -RRB- . i liked their missions . i know many complained about how short it is . but , it was n't that short for me . it was kind of shorter than original one but longer than spearhead -LRB- now , that was short game -RRB- . i was kind of annoyed over the fact that unless i reached `` check point '' , whenever i die or continue the game on next day , i had to start all over in that mission . but , thing that disappointed me the most was their weapon . i liked the weapons on first one so much better . most automatic guns in this game has that annoying dull and small soundeffect . and it was kind of hard to aim . overall , i enjoyed this game , but , if they kept the same guns as allied assault or spearhead and also if colors on background was more distinguished and if i can save the game whenever i want to , like previous games , i would have enjoyed a lot more . i 'm looking forward to play the new medal of honor game .
 MOH Airborne is very entertaining . I liked how it was open ended , but the checkpoints can get to be quite a pain -- I definitely prefer games I can save as I go . Having said that this is a very good , entertaining WWII gamer . The levels are challenging and each offers its own challenges . I like the wide variety of weapons that are available . The AI is very good they hide and work as a team . The game is too short , but worth it considering the price I paid -LRB- < $ 10 -RRB- . The multiplayer is fine -- I am not much of a multiplayer -- I find little use aimlessly running around shooting others with no objective . I highly recommend this game .
 i inserted the disk and added the 4 diget code , and it says preparing to install and then it just quits . i rated this so high because i played it at my friends houseHELP !
 Overall , this game should be a 6 out of a 5 . The gameplay , graphics , exceed alot of war games out there , especially COD2 . I think the only thing this game needs work on is the multiplayer , which i think EA will take care of . Anyone out there giving this game a rating less than 4 must be smoking something !!
 Very high detail graphic PC video game . Land your own destination to primary target area that will process save game faster . Of course , good fighting against German soldiers . How about that video game 's fun rate
 I tried the demo while I waited the full PC Medal of Honor : Airborne PCgame I Pre-Ordered from Amazon . Demo was good I found online but I held off final thoughts until THE game arrived . I could not wait as this franchise has not issued an new game to MOH in years!What did Amazon send me ? An empty Game Demo Box with a CD for some tired old game not related to the MOH franchise !! An empty box !!!!!!!!! Amazon sent me a box without the game!No Medal of Honor : Airborne for PC . Now I have to wait for two weeks or more to , hopefully , get the full game per their refund standards.I know Amazon will make the credit and all but they need to set up the QC process better . Imagine if I had bought an iPhone only to get an empty box to be filled in at a later date ? Come on , I preordered so I would be one of the first with the game and early ones online and now they took that away from me.I am so disappointed . Hoepfully , the replacement will be here soon even though Amazon charged me a long time ago for the game.Even with the game , if it gets here , I will still feel ` shorted ' by the Amazon experience . Why do n't they just Fed-X the replacment game now ? Trust me , I already sent it back to the post office minutes after getting an empty game box.Step up Amazon , do something better to enrich a customer experinece that so far is negative . Fed X the replacement .
 I pre-ordered this item in early August . I received it today . It did not include the game disks . It only came with a copy of Battlefield 2 . What gives !!?? I have been looking forward to playing this game . I now have thrown away $ 49.99 . I should have just waited until today and physically driven down to BestBuy or something . I feel like a fool.I just called Amazon cust . support and I was able to get a refund .
 Excellent game , shows the airborne soldier and what they face when jumping into the face of the enemy . Excellent sounds and video
 I 'm a nam vet I can get into the game and not get hurt , i love cheat codes because real war is ? * $ % @ !! * & ? > '' ked . The effect are fairly real .
 I will first say that I do like this game very much . I have read reviews on gaming sites that said it is boring until the last 2 missions , but that is not true . The game has alot of excitement right the get go , though the last 2 are even more intense.The graphics are the best I have seen from any FPS game . the lighting and detail are amazing , though the characters in the game arent done as well.The sound is great as well and the whole dropping into the battle from above is cool , but short lived . The enemy AI is pretty good as you will see the enemy raise theer gun over their head and fire their or toss a nade over the shoulder from behind a box.The few bad things are how quick the game is over and the on-line play is good , but missing the objective play I loved in the original MOHAA . They also say the game is non-linear , but it is not all that way . You have several objectives that you can attack in any order you want , but you have to beat all those objectives to open the last ones . I did n't find it that interesting . and for $ 50 -LRB- which is what it was when I got it -RRB- is too much for this game . I would wait until the price comes down and spend your $ 50 on The Orange Box and get Half-Life 2 episode 2 , Tema Fortress 2 , and Portal . That is going to be a great deal . This game is alot of fun while it lasts , but over too fast .
 It is very intense and graphical ! It has like MW3 graphics!Very Very good Campaign !!! Multiplayer is pretty neat.There is team deathmatch , capture the flag , you can drive vehicles if you get the map packs ! You have to find there sight and go to downloads to find the map packs there are Africa , France , and more ! you could drive tanks , cars , and fly planes !! I would recommend this Game to anyone!It is AWESOME ! and FUN !
 You get to parashoot behind enemy lines , take out bad guys , destroy enemy stuff , choose different weopens , even be a sniper !
 Airborne is a great first person shooter ! I have several of these game types but still enjoy this EA realease . Players wanting a good challange play this one regular or hard . First time players will engjoy the Easy level .
 I find it difficult to believe that gamers bash games based on computer performance issues . This game does require a pretty decent graphics card and CPU to run , but this is to be expected . This is nothing new in the realm of PC gamming . If you ca n't keep up with the technology requirements , then stick with your console.This is by far the best metal of Honor in this series . Graphics are very well done and AI is challenging . Replay value is high and game play seems less linear then past metal of honor games . I have an NVIDIA 7600gt with a 1.86 Intel Duo chip , 2 gigs of ram , and a fidelity extreme gamer sound card . I 'm able to push full graphics at the 1280 resolution with no delays . I look forward to upgrading to the 8 series of NVIDIA so I can replay later on with increased resolution.Definitely download the demo before purchasing the full version to determine how it will run .
 I purchased this game to try my hand at a military strategy/first person shooter . I have tried a few in the past , but found them too complicated and unyielding . For it 's age the graphics are wonderful . The renderings of the battlefields are crisp and realistic as are the weapons and vehicles . It does n't have a tutorial , you learn as you play . I have died more times than I can count , but it is fun . Unlike more complicated games , the missions are fairly straight forward and can be completed with a reasonable amount of effort and luck . It has me looking at the other installments in this series . If you are new to this type of game , it might be advised to get the guide which has maps and hints for all the missions .
 I took a gamble and it worked . I knew it might not but lucked out . I have an Inspiron 580 desktop i3 with Radeon HD 4670 1GB IceQ , on max settings of course . I ran through in Casual mode and I 'm started Normal . The truth is you got ta learn the runs and know where the enemies come from or otherwise you are dead meat . Three dimensional combat is interesting , like on scaffolding , but I doubt scaffolding can stop a blast from an assault weapon . I still * love * the sniper rifle sighting . The graphics are great when fully zoomed . Movement of the enemy is pretty interesting.One thing that would have been nicer is that if the MG 40 's were pointed in a good direction to waste a bunch of enemies . There are always MG 40s you get your hands on but they are mounted in the wrong direction to kill the enemy . That 's realistic , but not a whole lot of fun!The video starters for the missions are really good . Voices of enemies and friends are really good . I 'm pretty impressed by the graphics .
 Medal of Honor has been known for quality gameplay and Airborne is no exception . Graphically the game is great . Single player is fantastic and lends to a lot of creativity . The AI is significantly improved over most shooters . The ability to drop in and start play anywhere gives Airborne a flare all its own . The only disadvantage to this game is multiplayer . The lack of maps and ways to play is limiting at best . Medal of Honor Airborne is a fantastic , challenging and innovative twist on a World War II shooter . My opinon if your looking for a good multiplayer game you might be slightly disappointed in Airborne , but for a single player WWII shooter Airborne is fantastic .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Anyway , the actual game is great . I think it 's the best Medal of Honor to come out to date . Graphics are great , gameplay takes some getting used to but it 's great as well , and the whole parachuting into different locations/reaching checkpoints to save the game/unlocking different weapon features as your experience with them increases is really well thought out/more realistic . No more quick saving every 5 seconds so you can `` bum rush '' the next objective as many times as needed without consequence while growing more aware of the exact position the enemy is in with each pass ! There are still a few annoying little quirks that have been present ever since the Allied Assault days , like getting shot THROUGH WALLS when near corners . For example , you are peaking around a corner , an enemy spots you/begins shooting , you quickly stop peaking and get back behind the wall , yet somehow you still see bullet tracers coming right at you and get shot 2 or 3 times while behind a WALL ! I understand the occasional ricochet , but it happens almost EVERY TIME ! It 's not that big of a deal , unless you are really low on health , so overall I 'd say it 's a great gaming experience . You need to have a real nice PC to run this game at it 's full potential , but that 's of course the way PC gaming goes . -LRB- It 's one of the factors that drives the PC hardware market ! -RRB- I know it might be a pain at times , but when it comes down to it nothing beats using a mouse/keyboard for controls and the vastly superior resolutions of PC games as opposed to consoles . Consoles may be less of a hassle in this aspect , but they will never look as nice/have the control system of a PC . Consoles also require `` Xbox Live '' subscriptions or whatever to play online with other people . That stinks ! With that said , if you do get a chance to play this game on a nice PC , you will be absolutely hooked like I am . I 'm already on my second run through the Single Player game , then it 's on to multi-player . Highly recommended ! P.S. I 've played this game on both Vista and XP on my machine . Vista , with it 's higher overhead , just does not run it as well as XP does . That might be part of the reason behind some peoples ' `` choppy gameplay '' reviews . If you still experience problems in XP , try updating your video and sound card drivers . Some sound cards alone are incompatible and been known to cause problems . If all else fails , turn down the sound quality and give it a try .
 I bought this game for a friend as a gift . I was so excited for him . Anyway , I have had this game and still play it . I love it . The free movement is great . Wish it were longer but we take what we can get . I played it on all levels as there are different aspects to achieve . You have wings to earn and three levels of stars in three different levels to earn different and important medals such as the Medal of Honor -LRB- which have been the `` trademark '' of the Medal of Honor series -RRB- . As you play with each weapon , you get upgraded as well I think four or five levels with scopes etc. . That is helpful and fun so you can play the maps different each time . Just a bonus to me . I enjoyed the challenge and the fact that you can use YOUR strategy not the creator 's to move forward in the game and receive the achievement awards your way . I do not play to compete but with myself . I am aware this game has been out for sometime but the price was too good to not pass it on to a friend . The multiplayer aspect is limited now that it has been out for so long . Not many playing it . I have the latest MOH Limited Edition . I think the word limited is the operative word . Do n't bother . You have limited movement -- totally opposite of Airborne and the graphics are n't worth the money and shorter than Airborne.Anyway , Airborne is a fun game to be enjoyed . The music is great in it . The people that sent it from Amazon ? Great service . Got it a day or two earlier than expected . If you have trouble installing it ? Check the Phyx software that is installed in the control panel of whatever version of windows you are using . Uninstall it and let Airborne install its version . There are some updates to install for this version of Airborne too . Other than that it runs great . My copy runs great too . My computer has been upgraded since I bought the game so it probably would n't help here .
 Yet another good addition to the MOH series . Kudos to the development team and the graphix designers . Looking fwd to the next MOH .
 I think this game exceeds even Call of Duty 4 as far as gameplay . It is a very tough game to play though , even at normal difficuly , what with the exceptional enemy AI and automatic saves to contend with . If not for the difficuly , I would have rated MOH Airborne 5 stars . The graphics are excellent and gameplay intense . After the first MOH , the series went into the toilet , until Airborne came along . Call of Duty overshadowed MOH , but not anymore . I just hope the developers continue the trend , but PLEASE give us manual saves in the next one .
 Fantastic game with great graphics and intense action . Much better than other recent WWII games . A must have !
 Excelent piece of work of entertainment , highly recomended , not as large as i expect but great work anyway .
 MoH A starts a bit slow , the interface is amateurish and EA 's website wants you to pay for the soundtrack -LRB- in yer dreams -RRB- , but you know the core game is fantastic . Programmers managed to create a punishing yet fair health system and the difficulty level is just right bringing you back to parachuting in different areas of the map as you try to accomplish your duty . Sure you need to download patches to fix the game but it 's worth it - the final mission is a sheer delight -LRB- I have that tower in my nightmares -RRB- and the closure is satisfying . I had more fun with MoH A than COD4 . Note
 I found the online multiplayer to be very lacking.The single player is where it 's at for this one.This game is very `` open '' , meaning you can land almost anywhere on the map for each level.You have objectives , but most of them can be completed in any order.The friendly NPC 's are quite `` intelligent '' . So is the enemy.Sniping is a load of fun.Running amuck shooting everything will get you killed fast , so work with your NPC team .
 I play this game on Windows Vista in Bootcamp on a MacBook Pro 2.4 GHz , 4GB RAM , and it 's great graphics , fluid motion , great sound , and just overall a lot of fun . I 'd want to see what even less scripted action would mean and like some other reviewers have said , it 's a bit short . But what I find is that when I play it again I try to look around as much as possible and I find lots of new areas to go to . It 's a good step forward in the WWII genre and I look forward to the next title .
 I do n't play that much but I got really hooked by this game . I enjoyed it a lot ; I could n't wait to get home from work to play . As usual , the second time around in the medium level was even more fun to play . Great graphics . Awesome and very elaborated architecture -LRB- not only the game 's but the scenario 's ! -RRB- .
 This is my first medal of honor game that I played . I am a Call of Duty guy , but this game is a well deserved challenger of COD series . I mean I am already considering buying the other franchises of this game . I found a good deal on amazon.comits the 10th anniversary and I recommend any one who is thinking of getting this game to get the whole package of the 10th anniversary its about the same value and the 10th anniversary packs lots more games . so a very good deal for new gamers to the medal of honor world like me .
 This is a bargain at $ 10 . The one issue this game has if played on a newer machine is that if your Vid card has ageia physx 8 , the game wo n't install . You first have to remove that , in my case it was listed under my programs in control panel under Nvidia ageia phys . Then when you install the game it installs ageia physx 7 . This is a bit of a pain since you would have to reinstall your ageia phys 8 again later . Though my other games play the same with version 7 . You may want to try the demo first to see if it installs and weather or not you want to monkey with this.The game itself is very good . You can purposefully land in unsafe spots to make the game more of a challenge . It can be hard to tell the Germans from the Americans at times with the night missions . The graphics are pretty good but no where near as great as in Crysis . Better graphics would n't help because your to busy trying not to die to notice . Weapons have major recoil so select your weapons carefully . Balance seems ok except for hand to hand which seems to favor the AI . So just kill the enemy before it comes to that . : -RRB- Game is a bit short but at current price its a good deal .
 Medal of Honor Airborne is overall a very good wwII game . The graphics are excellent for 2007 if you turn the settings all the way up -LRB- everything on as high as it goes and screen resolution at least 1280 by 1024 -RRB- . The sound was made by recording actual wwII weapons and is great . The neat thing about the sound is that distance affects how loud the weapons sound -LRB- if an enemy is close to you the guns sounds loud and as he gets further away the gun sounds softer and softer -RRB- . Some reviewers had trouble with the install crashing when it was almost done but I did not . I 'm not saying you wo n't have trouble but I did not . I have one last point to make about the install . The game works on windows vista and xp service pack 2 . Only service pack two for xp not service pack 3 !
 A very fun game that is way too short . There are some anomalies like when my character gets stuck in walls and I have to commit suicide to restart . Or the shadows of dead Germans show throw the boxcars onto the ground.A great concept with the upgrades for weapons and good quality on the realistic peak and shoot ability . The Quality Control department was ether low budget or unqualified and rushed to get it out on its release date . The rank is the same on every Soldier regardless of title which is annoying to a career Soldier.Overall its fun and I am looking forward to a patch and expansion or second edition . As long as they keep it under 20 bucks unless , it 's much longer than MofH AB .
 There are actually 2 games I like in the Metal of Honor series and this is one of them . I reviewed this game last Summer when I first got it . Love the game but it has a few short comings ... The save game system is done by checkpoints which does n't allow for save game exploit . Not a deal breaker for me but a pain if you get a phone call in the middle of a sub mission , I just hit escape which gives you a drop menu . The game is way to short for a single player fps , however , as an intro to the online game it is adequate.My P-4 with an over clocked Nvidia 6800 xt and 2 gig of memory running dual channel with an 800mhz fsb ca n't pull the load adequately , My Core 2 duo with an Nvidia 7900 GS over clocked to 525mhz , 4 gig of memory running dual channel on a 1066mhz fsb can get near max settings but is still a little choppy during heavy combat . That being said . . I just love this game !! The action is hot and fast , it forces you to use cover and good tactical play even though your squad mates tend to bunch up a little and run in front of your gun muzzle now and again the play is still pretty good and being able to decide where I enter the battle field from above is a big plus ... all in all it 's `` A definite Core 2 Duo game '' .
 Games I 've played - RTCW , HL , Doom series , Darkforces , ET Quake Wars , Quake Series , and on and on.This game is amazing not just for its gfx or story -LRB- although those are good -RRB- . This game is the first in a long time to have actually great first person play ! The actual game play and kills and AI are so satisfying that they remind me of that feeling of running around in doom with a shotgun decades ago ! -LSB- btw , if you become very very good at this game , you can run around with the shotgun and be godlike with similar satisfaction -RSB- . The guns , sounds , and the way the computer plays you are very very good . You will notice that the enemy wo n't just pop into view if you wait for them like most games - they act very real , as well as having some great facial expressions.Its amazing to me that this game got low reviews , but i chalk that up to games these days being rated on both multiplayer and singleplayer - i am an avid MP player in other games , but this game is a gem to me because of the SP portion and is worth the 50 $ for that satisfaction alone -LRB- although now its cheaper -RRB- Thanks to whoever developed this for giving me back that great FPS satisfaction that i 've craved since doom I.Just 2 Cons I have had .1 -RRB- game is short . However , the quality put into it and the research make it worth it -LRB- very replayable as well -RRB- 2 -RRB- one issue dealing with binding zoom to the mousewheel to work , otherwise trouble free .
 Thank you amazon for sending an empty game box . I love throwing my hard earned money into your website and recieving the pre ordered game but NOT THE GAME I WANTED ... Buy this game somewhere else ... CAUTION YOU MIGHT NOT RECIEVE THE GAME !!!!
 intense action . great ambiance . more in your face combat than i remember at times in COD or COD2 . dying a lot but having a great time slugging it out . sometimes , we can analyze and think too much about the qualities of a game . get it for a good price and play it!update
 the game was really good . u get medals for shooting with different weapons.the graphics are really cool , this is better than all the other MOH games that i have played .
 First , let me say a few important words about the WWII First Person Shooter -LRB- FPS -RRB- genre : Generally people think the market is ; first , saturated with lots and lots of choices , and second , shrinking . In my opinion , the market is flooded with tons of junk , but only has 5 real true quality offerings for the PC . So I will continue to fork over $ 50 for each and every high quality product that hits the market - to me , they are worth it . I ca n't get enough of the gritty European WWII flavor offered . So yes , if you offer junk , the market is flooded and shrinking . If you hit the mark -LRB- like this game did -RRB- sales should be good - I know I will pay for quality.To make this review helpful to you , let me list the genre games I consider worth $ 50 -LRB- if you do n't own them , they are all MUST BUYS -RRB- . Generally I do n't care for weak graphics , choppy or linear game play , Pacific battlefield based , unrealistic `` Wolfenstien '' action , or basic run & gun . I enjoy historically accurate games that offer interesting storylines , set in Europe , with wide open battle field that I can attack from my own angels at my own rate . I much prefer sniping to run and gun .1 . The Granddaddy that started it all
 Game is Excellent but to Bad Shipping was Ridiculely High !!!!!! For the Price with Shipping I could have Gone To Wal-Mart or Target and Paid the Same !!!
 Si tienes amigos que juegen GT3 a un alto nivel pueden pasar noches enteras jugando en red ... garantizado ! , esperen que venga GT4 ...
 i think that this game is greatit is kind of like a platformer and third person shooter , rolled up into a game of midget kicking joyHoorah !
 evil dead regenoration is the best evil dead ever.also you get a `` talkitive '' sidekick and some times you can play as him.all the weapons you get have unlimited ammo and hear is you weapons .45 pistol.shotgun.chainsaw.harpoon gun.flamethower.rocketlancher also you can do comboes wich are asome.it is one of the most goreest games I everplayed ...
 This game is the the best Evil Dead yet . I 've played both of the others and struggled through them just because I 'm a big fan of the subject material . The first one was horrible , the second one was better but this one is by far the best . I guess the third time is the charm . The humor in this game is dead -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- on with the series and one of the main reasons I fell in love with the Evil Dead trilogy . If you 're a fan of Evil Dead or Bruce Campbell you owe it to yourself to pick this game up . We may never see Bruce in the role of Ash again on the silver screen , so this may be the only way us `` deadites '' can get our fix and I 'll take it !
 I really do like this game but the game has problems in it like freezing up and sometimes sam will not do anything in the catacombs level in the pit when you killed all the deadites and ash disapears in the shipyard level when one of those green monster deadites jump on you ash is not even their and the diffulculty in this game is normal in my opinion this game is not alot easier than evil dead A Fistful Of BoomStick This game is alot harder because I hate 3 bosses in this game the frog boss the boss in level 4 is a cheap bitch and reinhard is a cheap ass bastard it took me 20 tries to beat reinhard because of his cheapness in this game which was pissing me off because he would kill everytime until I finally beat the game and the ending sucks in this game ash and sam killed both reinhard and sally and they go into the portal and disapear im like what happend next which to me the ending in Evil Dead A Fistful Of Boomstick is alot better of a ending .
 Anyone who is a fan of the evid dead trilogy will love this game . Even if you did n't like the movies , check out the game anyway . The previous games based on evil dead were so-so . This game is much better . Same story line and characters , but add a half deadite side kick . The voice of your side kick is raimi himself . The back and forth banter between him and ash is great . Bruce actually put a little effort into the voic overs in this game . A lot of great one liners . Overall fun game , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 Ok . I 'm a shmuck . Worse than a fake Shemp , as it were.I mean , if I want to get really technical here , I could tell you that I was one of those poor morons that went out and paid 50 bucks on the day Hail to the King came out , and screamed my vocal cords bloody as Ash 's chainsaw ran out of gas YET AGAIN ... that game was cheat code city , the controls were irritating to the first degree ... And so , I traded it . It was like having my hand chopped off and having it go bad ; I mean ... I 've watched Evil Dead , Evil Dead 2 , and Army of Darkness countless times . WHAT WAS I DOING WRONG ???? Blind , drooling fandom was not an issue here.And now , here comes the shame . I passed up on Fistful of Boomstick . Dodged it like a Japanese jet pilot.And then , Regeneration seemed to go along with everything I had previously feared . It was RELEASED at 20 bucks . Not exactly a promising beginning.But then , something happened . It began to sell out everywhere in town . On a whim , I picked up the last copy I could find . Why not give it a whirl?Let me tell you this . It is as if Sam , Bruce and the Evil Dead boys somehow were allowed to take their vision of what a video game should be like and do it ; then pass the savings onto us . This is without a doubt , the best Evil Dead video game I have seen yet . And Bruce gets to rip on Sam Raimi by having the half deadite sidekick , who literally gets the crap kicked out of him in the game , to be named `` Sam '' ... which is made all the more hilarious by having little brother Ted Raimi do the vocals.You get a good idea of the gameplay from the other reviews , but the concept of doing the over the shoulder shotgun blast is well worth the 20 bucks you 'll throw down for this game.HAIL TO THE KING , BABY !!!!!!!!!
 wow!finally an evil dead game that is funhas a pretty good storygreat gameplayand is just a damn good game !!! i jus got it today and it was soOoO funny and awsome at the same time!well done !!!
 This realease is far and away the best game based on the ` Evil Dead ' series . There 's nothing new as far as gameplay and story are concerned but it 's much more polished than ' A Fistful of Boomstick ' and any fans of the franchise will surely have a good time . Here 's hoping for a great follow up !
 `` Hail to the King , baby ! '' - does that ring a bell?Or how about `` Who wants some , huh ?! Who 's next ! '' or `` Good - bad - I 'm the guy with the gun ! '' - `` Klatu Verata Nictu '' anyone?If you 're still with me then let 's get straight to the game . If not , do yourself a favor , send your girl-friend shopping -LRB- that should take a couple of days -RRB- , get a pizza and a can of beer , donate your brain at the local Red Cross office -LRB- you really do n't need it for what you 're about to do ... -RRB- and rent the good old `` Evil Dead '' Trilogy
 I originally bought this game -LSB- Evil Dead
 I loved the previous Evil Dead game
 This is the best Evil Dead game i had ever played , i play fist full of boomstick and compared to this is 10 times better . You have unlimited bullets on each of the weapons you have and you get a harpoon gun for you right hand , its like being scorpion from Mortal Kombat , except when they come back to you , you shoot them with your boomstick which is so cool . You get sam which is Ash 's little deadlite partner , you can kick him as many times you want too . The Missions are not as hard as in boomstick which took me a month to pass , in fact they easy in some levels that are too easy . This game is best series of any other Evil Dead games i ever played .
 THQ 's Evil Dead games have taken alot of flack from know it all video game nerds . Granted , the first game , Evil Dead : Hail to the King -LRB- For the PS1 -RRB- , had somewhat awkward controls , and the chainsaw was always running out of gas , and the guns out of ammo . Add to this the re-spawnig feature of the deadites , which forced you to kill each one several times , and the whining reached a fever pitch.But it really was n't all that bad . Though admittedly , Evil Dead : A Fistful of Boomstick for the PS2 was a big improvement . Better controls , unlimited gas for the chainsaw , and a nice targeting system for the shotgun . A good storyline , good graphics , and more great voice-acting from the great Bruce Campbell made the second Evil Dead game a blast for longtime fans , though the gaming dorks still bashed it.Now , we have Evil Dead : Regeneration , and I 'm sure there will be some whining and moaning about this one , too , though I ca n't imagine why . The gameplay for Regeneration is rock solid . There are all sorts of cool combat moves you can perform with Ash , though my personal favorite is the `` beat down '' where you just spank a downed enemy with your chainsaw until there 's nothing left but pulp.Ash and his sidekick Sam -LRB- voiced by Ted Raimi -RRB- must travel through a series of portals , and close them before the evil can corrupt the Earth , yadda ... yadda ... Typical video game plot . Nothing exceptional , but that 's not the point . The point here is in the mayhem . Finally , the boys at THQ have given us not only unlimited chainsaw fuel , but unlimited ammo for all weapons -LRB- handgun , shotgun , rocketlauncher , flamethrower -RRB- . Freed from having to pause in the middle of combat to switch guns -LRB- that does really get tiresome -RRB- , Ash is free to hack and slash his way through waves of deadites . The unlimited ammo thing was a good decision . Having to constantly find ammo for your guns adds nothing but tedium to a game . `` Realism '' be hanged . We just wan na rock and roll ! Puzzles this time are few , flashing indicators guide you through most of the levels , with some very humorous cinematics in-between . Bruce and Ted outdo themselves here , providing hilarious banter not only in the cinematics , but also throughout the course of the game . The spirit of Army of Darkness comfortably resides here.Then there 's `` Bad Ash '' . After you gain the ability to summon Ash 's evil counterpart -LRB- as seen in Evil Dead 2 -RRB- , you can `` hulk out '' into Bad Ash for a limited amount of time , depending on the status of your `` rage meter '' . Suffice to say , this kicks major -LSB- ... -RSB- . All in all , Evil Dead : Regeneration is a slick package . Not too hard -LRB- I finished it in four days , and I was n't exactly gluing myself to the controller -RRB- , and not too expensive at -LSB- ... -RSB- brand new.I 'm sure the hardcore video gamers will find something to complain about , but that 's their problem . I 'm just glad to have Ash back , if even in video game form . THQ has done a great service to fans everywhere who would rather have an Evil Dead 4 than a Spider-Man 3 from Sam Raimi , but are denied by the finiancial realities of the movie biz.Maybe someday . But in the meantime , Ash Lives ! At THQ .
 Evil Dead Regeneration picks up where the movie left off . Bruce Campbell returns as Ash , but this time he gets a sidekick that is voice by Ted Raimi . I 've been a big Evil Dead fan for probably twenty years , so I had to hunt down this game when it first came out because I could n't find it in the stores . This was my first horror game that I have played and it is one my favorites to play despite a few minor game glitches . There is over-the-top blood and gore that should satisfy most horror fans .
 This is a good game and if you 're into the Evil Dead series it 's a great game . As a series that 's found its continuation in video games as opposed to film this is a solid next step plot wise . The introduction of Sam the deadite is fantastic . The banter and antics between Ash and Sam are fantastic and vintage Evil Dead material . A must for the fan of the series . For those unfamiliar with the series , it stands on its own and makes for a good time regardless .
 Yah this is the best Evil Dead game yet . The graphics/Ash are done up in a slight-cartoonish way so it 's not `` realistic '' but it really works . I thought I 'd hate the whole deadite-sidekick thing , but it was actualy fun and funny . Gameplay is tight , controls are fine , it 's fun to play and you get different upgrades with Ash 's guns/chainsaws . Lotta levels , nothing too difficult . You can unlock secret videos that show Bruce talking about the game , etc - those are fun to see . Not a bad game and I recommend it to any fan of ASH.Now , where 's my chainsaw ??
 Evil Dead Regeneration is a hit with any fan of the evil dead movies or games . Although the game is a bit repetitive , it has all the elements that an Evil dead or gaming fan needs at an OUTSTANDING PRICE . While other games sell at 49.99 $ first day you get a whole lotta ' game for your price with this one.Humor and horror with a great story and laughs . They took away the ablity to throw out your own one liners . . That 's fine . The action is packed . IF you have n't gotten this yet , your missing out . First person shooter fans will not be dissapointed as the game is mostly a 3d carnage fest .
 This game rocks !! It is much better than ` Hail to the king ' by far !! The action is solid for a EVIL DEAD game . Graphics are awesome ! Everything is awesome ! BUY THIS GAME !!
 I think this is the best expansion pack I 've played yet . I love how you can book the vacation and spend the days at the resort . It 's awesome . I just bought it last night and have not gotten into the full details yet but I am thoroughly excited .
 I have had this game for a couple of years now . I recently bought a new computer and started to encounter the `` insert original disc '' error ... I started searching online and found out about SecuRom made by Sony . Contrary to all the bad reviews I read about it on here at Amazon , it 's very simple to fix . It basically boils down to this software is older than Windows 7 and has a small compatibility issue , but it is very easy to fix . First of all go to EA 's website and download the latest patch for Bon Voyage , or any other Sim expansion pack that is giving you issues . Next go to SecuRom 's website and download their Diagnostic Tool . This will scan your computer and find any and all game files that are having issues . Once it finds them , simply follow the instructions and it will download the correct updates so your game will run correctly . Mine has been working perfectly fine ever since . No need to bash EA and Sony . There are so many fake discs out there , you ca n't blame them for wanting make sure no one can copy their discs . Most mp3 's now a days have copyright protection on them as well . As do movies , dvd 's ... . They are simply trying to keep people from profiting from copying their work . Hope this helps anyone out there having issues !
 I honestly think that Bon Voyage is getting an incredibly bad rap . Sure , I wanted it . Then I did n't when I read from A LOT of angry simmers about Secu-ROM and it 's affects on their pcs , but I have n't had any problems with it * knock on wood * . I would like to say that this is an amazing game . You get to go on vacations , which are amazing ! There are 3 to choose from , which are versions of the Far East , and Island , and the Mountains -LRB- I 'm sorry , I forgot the name -RRB- . But these vacations are so cool . You check into a hotel and you can literally rent out the whole place . There are saunas and community lots to visit , not to mention features unique to each destination . the Far East one has ninjas that teach you how to teleport and if you find the map , you visit an old man who tells you a dragon tale you can tell to others . You can go on tours , which have good or bad outcomes -LRB- you get a chance card like you would at work -RRB- . There are new greetings to learn that you learn from a specific place , sovieniers to buy , and your sims can now wear jewelery that is n't custom content ! I would recommend this game because it is a good game . Just make sure that you know everything about secu-rom before you buy it and make your own conclusions . h & m stuff , freetime , and bon voyage have secu-rom , and i have no problems * knock on wood . * this is a good game !
 The Sims 2
 Get this game if you want to have the most out of the Sims 2 . It is a great and addicting game , so play at your own risk .
 I am in love with the sims franchise , ever since sims 2 and the ability to go on vacations and honeymoons just makes it so much better ! Especially if you used the motherlode cheat but only needed 5000 simoleons , its a great way to get rid of excess money !
 Love this game . Not a scratch on it . Came with both disks . Works just fine . Came with the case and well packed . Thanks .
 Your Sims need a vacation . All that dancing and gesturing wildly has them worn down , and they 'd love nothing more than to get away for a while . Lucky for them , the newest Sims 2 expansion pack , Bon Voyage , is here.The Sims 2
 To be 23 and still playing the sims ... anyways ... lol . love this game ! Works great . Cd was not scratched , came in original package and with original papers . Very pleased .
 The Sims 2 Expansion pack came in the mail in good condition and the disk had no scratches on . loaded up good on my computer with no trouble .
 The software was easy to purchase from vendor . No problems . It arrived on time . It is a fun game . Kids love it .
 We just love this they can even buy vacation homes . The Sims can make friends here , order room service , etc. . . SOOO fun .
 Whisk your Sims away to tropical islands , have them sunbathe until they 're rosy red , build sandcastles , comb for seashells , dig for buried treasure , learn how to hula and fire dance , learn how to give each other hot stone massages , let them wyle away the hours in natural hot springs , send them on risky guided adventure tours -LRB- there 's three ! -RRB- , have them explore an old pirate ship , find hidden treasure maps to new locales , keep pickpockets at bay , learn foreign customs and gestures , swim in wave filled oceans , have them earn new talent badges , or buy a vacation home in their favorite hotspot , and better still , your Sims will earn point rewards for every vacation they take depending on how well or how poor their vacation went . There 's also the ability to have your Sims take photos of each other while striking several new goofy poses.New and cool objects are included in this expansion as well , such as an awesome large camping tent -LRB- where woohooing is allowed -RRB- , an ax throwing object , hot springs , saunas , massage tables , log rolling , backyard hammocks , cool new vacation duds , new hairstyles , and more!New exotic food menu choices , too , served up by the locals or if your Sims want to order in , there 's room service!This is a must have addition to your Sims 2 collection ! Great get-aways for individual Sims , groups , families -LRB- no babies or toddlers allowed though -RRB- , or for weekend retreats or honeymoons.Just remember to explore , explore , explore each destination , you never know what you might find . . and talk to the natives !
 For those who want to buy this game here are some things about the game.Their are 3 places for your sims to visit and first i 'll start with Twikki Island.Twikki Island is a big ialand that has about 4 beaches and 2 temples . Your sims can swim in the occean , dig for treasure , look for sea shells , watch the waves , ect . You come with many items like saunas , log rolling , hot springs , massage tables , ect . In twikki island you can learn the fire dance , hula dance , and the hot stone massage . In where you look at your sims memories theirs a suit case . If you click on the suit case you will see forty things you can do while on your vacation . Your sims will also come with long hair with the green leaf necklace thin on your sims head and many new outfits.Takesumi Village is the second one which is a japanese village . Your sims can learn to teleport like if they have to go to the bathroom and your far away from it your sims just jump in the air the appear in the room . Here you can buy japanese dresses to fit whith the theme . You can learn an achient exersise , and the acupressure massage . You can also sit down and enjoy tea.Three Lakes is the last one which is a mountain land . In all of the places you can find a secret map . In three lakes you can visit bigfoot . In this place you can learn the slap dance and the deep tissue massage . Theirs an axe range for axe throughing . Lastly I foregot to mention the gestures . In Twikki Island it 's hang loose . In Takesumi Village it 's a bow . An in Three Lakes it 's a chest pound.Then you leave which is the saddest part . But if you took pictures you can go on the computer and click order photos . Then people will send you a scrap book to show to your friends.I would recommend this game for sims 2 fans .
 I love being able to have a house on a beach lot!My sims can swim in the ocean in their own backyard and it works their body skills at the same time.There is an old pirate ship that can be put on abeach lot , and the ghost captain comes out . Itfulfills the desire to see a ghost , and you canmake friends with him if you want to , and learn tosing a `` sea chantey '' . That 's funny to watch them do.The whole vacation thing is pretty boring though , thetours are stupid and you ca n't even go along , the simsjust leave and come back in a minute and you spend $ $ for nothing . But the thing I like best is building myown town with beach properties . If you are a surf loverlike me , you 'll enjoy this feature very much.The pack also includes grand pianos , hammocks , palm trees , and lots of fun beach clothing and `` sea '' decorations.Zen gardens and decorations from exotic places in theworld are fun too , you can even build a pyramid . You canalso have your sims meditate and learn to teleport.And if you enjoy fire dancing , you can do that too.This pack has lots of fun things included with it !
 The premise for Sims 2
 I enjoy this game and didnt experience long delays or laggy game play like others . Going on vacations is a nice break from the daily running mode of the game . I do have to admit though that the best expansion pack experience thus far has been Seasons . However this is a nice addition to that expansion and the others .
 I purchased this as a birthday gift for my grand-daughter -LRB- at her specific request . I 've now observed her playing the game -LRB- as much as her mom will allow - 1 hour per day - smart , that daughter of mine ! -RRB- and she is having fun as well as learning about geography , travel manners , planning , culture and patience -LRB- just wait until she meets the TSA ... : -RRB- I rate this highly as a gift item based on her enthusiasm in playing it -LRB- she even shares with her younger brother -RRB- and the fact that I actually received a THANK YOU note !
 I happen to love this game ! I think it 's one of the best yet and that 's a tough call because all of the Sims games are really good . I do have some issues with the lagging and the higher demand that it has for my computer . That 's pretty minute in comparison to how cool Bon Voyage is . The vacations are fun and beautiful !
 This game is a much better improvement than the other expansion packs , but I will say Seasons was a better improvement also . If you have most of the expansion packs and you have been looking forward to something a bit different then buy this one . There is a lot more strategy than just watching your sims grow up and making families all day long , you can visit cute resorts , that have very good graphics -LSB- like the beach , ship , etc -RSB- . You will definetly love playing Bon Voyage , the accesory option is pretty cool too , sims are actually starting to look like normal people instead of Barbie.lol . EnJoy !
 This is a great expansions for Sims 2 . Now Sims can go on vacation and do all sorts of new activities . You can send them on vacation to relax or as a honeymoon to 3 new areas or you can make your own vacation spot from scratch . You can also take other family members or friends with you . It 's alot of fun !
 This game is a very interesting one and keeps the children busy and happy . They enjoy traveling with the families they 've created.My kids enjoy all the SIMS 2 P.C. games.Keep us updated on new releases .
 I am a sims fan and I enjoyed this one too . My favorites are Seasons and Pets . But this adds going on vacations and building vacation houses etc. . Secondlife is a sims like internet game , so if you enjoys sims try secondlife too .
 Are your Sims ready for a vacation ? Do they need a break ? Well now that vacation is n't a trip to the spa it 's a trip with a hotel stay and MORE ! Great expansion pack , like always they have base locations but you can always build your own . You can go to 3 Lakes , a woodsey area where you can find your inter lumberjack . You can go to the beach -LRB- I forget the actual name :--RRB- -RRB- sorry I ca n't really say much because I have n't been there yet , or you can go to the Far East -LRB- forget this name too ! -RRB- but I ca n't say much about that either since I have n't been there . So anyway if your looking for a new Sims 2 Expansion Pack get this one !
 I 'm an avid Sims lover , and I like all my expansion packs and anticipate all of them . But by the times the come out , I 've gotten myself so riled up that they 're not as great as I thought , even though they are still enjoyable . But Bon Voyage is totally different . It 's vacations are awesome , and the new `` vacation secrets '' feature gives you something extra to work towards . It 's a blast , and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT FOR TEENS . After all , I am one !
 very good buy arrived in a timely manner , seamless transaction.very satisfied. :0 -RRB-
 Overall , an excellent expansion . However , I would say that this expansion only applies to `` hard core '' players who enjoy different aspects of the Sims rather than just `` life '' . It gives exactly as it promises
 If you do n't have this ep get it.It lets your sim go on vacations and it also has a lot of cool new objects in it.New objects you can now put at your own home include saunas , waterfalls , tents and even a pirate ship.These are all available on the vacation lots but you can also put them on your on.There are a lot more new objects but I wo n't list them.There is 3 locations to visit.Tikki Beach is my favorite.You can also visit a mountain retreat and a place in the far east.Your sim can now stay in hotels and or buy a vacation home.New interactions include comb for seashells , watch waves , dig for tresure , build sandcastles and more.Your sim can even swim in the ocean and lay on the beach and get a tan or sunburn.There is a new camera that gives your sims the choice to take a picture of themselves or themselves and other sims or to ask another sim to take the picture of them.There is many poses your sim can do by themselves and with other sims.Your sim can even kiss or makeout with their lover or spouse and have another sim take a picture of them doing that.Once your off the vacation you order the photos on the pc.You can get them in a book or individually to hang on the wall or put on the table.Each vacation offers so much to see it 's advisable for your sim to book at least 7 days to see it all.Their expensive but this is no problem when you use the motherlode cheat which gives you at least 50,000 dollars everytime you input it.New to this expansionYou can now have a honeymoon at one of the 3 vacation spots.You can get married anywhere in the vacation spots and have the wedding of your dream.New public and private places to wohoo -LRB- sims sex -RRB- . On the campground you can wohoo in tents which counts as a public wohoo.You can wohoo in saunas which counts as private.You can wohoo in hamocks which count as public.You can take up to 8 people with you.You have the option of reserving one hotel room or several for your guest.Tents on campgrounds are free they do n't cost anything.You can call for roomservice and they will bring you food to your hotel room.Some of the better hotels have swimming pools , hottubs and restuarents and are beachside.The voodoo doll.If you can fix 3 objects in the witchdoctors house he gives you a voodoo doll.You can use this for curses on other sims or to make them fall in love with you or for freindship.I used this on a sim that did n't like my sim.Her relationship was -1 on the top and I clicked on that sim hit more then do voodoo.I picked romance and instanly she went from -1 to 70 that quick and started making out with my sim.Teleporting you can do this if you complete some kind of goal with the ninja.I have n't done that yet.Pirate Ship This is a huge ship and there is a lot to do on it.There is even a ghost that resides on this ship.Waterfalls.Certain locations have this huge waterfall which you can also put in your own lot.If you add soap to it it chages to lava thou.Bigfoot In the mountain locations you can see bigfoot or even talk to him.If you complete somekind of goal you can ask him to move in with you at your own home lot.You can then control him you can hug him but ca n't do any romantic interactions with him.New hairstyles Women now have 3 new hairstyles and men have a couple and some new facial hair ones too.I really like the new long hair that they give the women.It makes them even prettier.Jewlery you can now buy it at stores and in create a sim mode you can put it on the sims your creating.Souvineers there is all kind of souvineers and trinkets you can buy.Souvineer racks to keep your collectibles on.These are available in buy mode.New clothes and glasses they actually have new tourist clothes and multicolored sunglasses you can wear.There is so much more you can do in this game but I want list that as I do n't have time.After seasons this is the best expansion pack I 've ever played.I also recommend seasons , holiday stuff and sims 2 deluxe with nightlife.One last thing make sure your pc has at least 512 megs of ram and that 's just the minimum it calls for.I would suggest going to 1gb if you have xp.The minimum for Vista is 1gb . I 'd suggest 2 or 3 . This game takes up a lot of memory and it can lag if you just have the minumum.The specs are higher for this expansion then they was for the previous ones .
 You either like Sims or you hate it . Thats basically all there is . I love it ! All the games are great - you can get so into them , and suddenly you look and you 've been sitting there for hours . Its ridiculous . Everyone should at least give the game a try . Its very fun , and very addictive .
 I have n't recieved my product yet . So i made a mistake on buying a sims2 bon voyage from a diferent Bookseller . It was so scratched up that would n't play and it had no product code . Ca n't wait to get this one from Glen . Just to see how this one will play . I will come back and write a review when i get my item . But I have most all of the sims . Love them all . Very addicting .
 Bought this as a gift for my adult daughter who loves Sims games , and it was a really big hit as an expansion to the Sims 2 game !
 I love the Sims 2 and must have everything part of the game . You would n't think so but it has taught me things and helped me feel I had accomplished something while still in my PJs .
 pretty good for sims who work to much or have a large family . it allows them a chance to relax and gain more points to better their living .
 This product was in excellent shape and a worthy gift to a deserving friend . I myself have enjoyed Bon Voyage for many years , expanding my Sims lives one trip at a time and found this particular expansion pack is a must have ! It adds a variety of new cloths , new places , the availability of beach lots , 3 themed vacation spots each sporting an array of things to do that will leave your Sim refreshed and you asking for more . In short if you like Sims 2 , you will like this .
 This is a great game , I 'm glad I ordered it . It entertains for hours upon hours . Everyone loves to play it .
 I am a Sims 2 fanatic and I love the extras that they have given us on this with letting you take your sims on vacation and collect soveniers and so many other things that you would have to buy it in order to know what I mean .
 Bon Voyage is a nice expansion , and the detail of the secret lots is really cute :-RRB- I wish it had more destinations . The new interactions with the townies are nice , but not as many as i thought there would be ... Overall , a nice expansion , with great gameplay , very entertaining .
 It is a great installment to the already great Sims 2 game . You can go on 3 different vacations , go on tour guides , learn different customs , buy gifts & jewelry , eat custom foods , take pics to treasure , etc. . Any simmer would love this installment . Just think , if you ever wanted to get married & honeymoon on the Island , Mountains , or Far east ... this is your chance to do it . : -RRB-
 I am really enjoying the new Bon Voyage expansion . The vacation areas are full of really cute , and fun things to do and see . I 'm having a blast designing my own vacation lots . Although its not officially part of the game you can use a few simple `` cheat '' codes to allow you to build your own hotel lots as well . I 'm still trying to fill in my vacation memories so I have n't seen everything yet either hehe . I highly endorse and recommend this expansion as a great value for the money and very enjoyable .
 My product hase n't gotten here yet and I paid $ 4.00 extra for expetitid shipping and its been 4 days . I ordered Bon voyage about a month ago and it did n't work so that was fifteen dollars wasted . Now I 've ordered this one and hopefully it works . I think the game will be fun and it will complete my collection of sims 2 games . I am looking forward to getting this game and playing it . I wish it would get here a little earlier though . I suggest that you buy Sims 2 Bon Voyage , but do n't put one day shipping because the other one I ordered came in 3 days and it was n't rushed . Maybe it will get here later today . I do n't know where it is because it wo n't give me tracking information so it could just now be leaving the manufactuer . Hopefully it 's almost here !! Order this game because it will be really fun . But do n't be cheap because I was and a got a messed up game . Shoot for one about 15 dollars it will work pretty well . By the way i 'm just 14 and i had to buy a used one cause i only had 14 dollars .
 Although it is not as good as Seasons , which I feel is fantastic , Bon Voyage is still fun . There is so much I have yet to discover about this expansion pack that it 's not fair to give it an adequate rating.Good game with hours upon hours of entertainment !
 I am a Sims2 fan and have all the expansion packs to the Sims2 . . I can say I could n't wait to get this one and I was not disappointed at all ... I truly enjoyed letting my Sims take a vacation and checking out all the fun things they had to offer on these trips ... I can say anyone who did n't like this is nuts ... as long as you have a good running computer you will love this game ... I had no problems with this game at all and can say it was worth the money
 Have to say besides loving the season this is number 1 of all Expansion packs that they made so far for the Sims 2 . I ony played on the island and can not stop plying for the Islands are great so far and love how you can pose for a picture and learn a fire dance which is fun to watch when they are learning it . Hope the other two places are just as fun . Hope everyone will enjoy this . for this is the best yet .
 I love this expansion pack it 's too cool . I personally enjoy having bigfoot in my family , and the voodoo doll is way funny !
 Ok , first of all , the negative reviews from customers are bogus , they are complaining because they have a crappy computer and the game makes them crash , its not the games fault , its your fault . Now , about the game.The game itself is great , the best in my opinion , very entertaining , fun locations . If you are a sims fan or if you are not , get it , its amazingly fun .
 When I first heard about Bon Voyage , I got very nervous , since Vacation is my least favorite expansion from the previous game . And guess what
 Let me just start off by saying that you need an extremely powerful computer in order to really enjoy this game . If you do n't have a gaming computer , then this game will frustrate you because you need a lot of free resources and memory on your computer in order to run this game smoothly . If you can afford an upgrade , I definitely recommend it . It is well worth it . The things you can do on vacation is great . The memories and the souvenir items you can bring back home with you are fabulous . I love the fact that they have secret locations that you can get to if you are lucky enough to find the hidden maps . Not to mention the new skills you can learn and bring back to your regular Sim 's life . My favorite skill is being able to transport anywhere on the lot that you are playing on . I just wished there were more places to go on vacation . African Safari , Amusement Parks , Sight Seeing , etc. . Maybe in the next expansion pack .
 I loved it . First of all give you the chance to go to the beach and actually have a swim ! The waves effect is pretty cool and also the idea of finding stuff in the sand it 's also great . I have been in 2 of the 3 vacation lots but I think otherwise is a good buy for the money . I think that `` Pets '' is the best until now and seasons is maybe a little better than this one , but in general is a good expansion because is pretty creative and gives you the chance to interact to different sim `` cultures '' I noted my computer to be a little slower than before but not as much as others have described -LRB- I have 2 gigabytes of Ram memory -RRB- . In any way , I highly recommend it .
 Loved all the expansion packs for sims 2 . Sims 3 is out but i cant stand it . The game is buggy and the people all look the same no matter how much I customize them . EA and maxis spent too much time on the scenary and too little on the main item of the game-THE PEOPLE . I love this expansion pack because sims are able to travel to distance lands and collect many new items and memories . The families are able to spend so much time together when normally they wouldnt even talk once because they were to busy with school and work . I loved this game and the little features like fair sims getting sunburns after sunbathing too long . actually made me laugh.definetly recommend it .
 I 'm really happy with this buy . I have most of the Sims 2 Expansions , and this one is one of my favorites . There are a lot of fun things to do in each vacation spot , and so many things to explore . A great purchase !
 A very fun game ! I give it 5/5 simply because it provides exactly what it advertises . The destinations are well thought out , and I liked how each have their own personalities . Definately one of the better expansion packs .
 I personally was n't `` Lost in Paradise '' with this game . Do n't get me wrong though , I love The Sims2 ... its just with me , I have all the expansions and stuff packs for this game , and there is just soooo much stuff going on in my Sims lives , they do n't have time for vacations . The game itself is cool and its like when the Sims go Downtown and the time does n't change at their homelife . The same thing happens when they go on vacation . There are a lot of places for them to vacation to and you do get a lot more stuff for the Sims to do and decorate with . All in all , very good game .
 This game has very cool features . You can get objects on the beach you can not buy . Easy to play and fun interactions . High reccomend
 I like this expansion , though to get to install it correctly -LRB- as every Sims 2 player knows -RRB- you have to be careful to backup your game , get the updated mods and patch your game . So it is a lenghty process -LRB- with higher expansions , more things can be overlooked and mess with your game -RRB- But I believe it is worth it . There 's beautiful scenery . The three destinations have different things to do in each . I like the option to buy a vacation home -LRB- I still have to find Bigfoot or to learn the Sea Chanty -RRB- . I also like that with the experience of a good vacation , come bonus points in the form of perks that you can customize for the specific sim and for the companions from the vacation .
 I enjoy this EP but if you have low systems specs , do not get it . It also has the securom thingie that seems to ruin some peoples computers , I think mostly older comps but some newer ones too . I have had no problems . Only game glitches . Anyway ... This EP takes my simmies away from the every day life of work , school , studying and etc. . College students can even go on vacation ! I love for them to stay in hotels and especially the vacation homes that one can purchase . It 's fun because I can at least change up the decor ' to my liking . Add and take away , ya know . -LRB- maxis decor isnt always pretty -RRB- . lolPlaying in the sand , buying souveniers/jewelery , combing the beach , playing on the pirate ship , meeting new people , learning dances , gestures , songs , and etc are a plus.I think this EP is good just for extra things to do . I 'm sure there 's more , but my mind has ran a blank .
 i was reading all the reviews on this exp and decided not to buy it . this was a couple of months ago . last week i bought it and got it a fews days later . one thing to make sure of before getting this or anyother game , make sure that you have enough memory on your laptop or c desktop . this exp take up RAM 512 MB -LRB- 1 GB for windows vista , and you have to have at least 1.5 GB of free space on the hard drive . if you have enough room for it , your good . as for myself , my laptop works the same as it did before i got the game . so again , make sure you have enough room on your computer for it to install and work properly.this is a really cool exp . different places that you can visit , although you cant live there . i was hoping to move one of my sims to the twikkii island , since the weather is so nice ^_^ hahaha . i guess that after your sim gets engaged or married , they can go on a honeymoon ... idk , i havent gotten to that yet . but you can find hidden maps that lead to secret lots . i found a couple of things so far . i wont say cuz i dont wan na give anything away ! if you do plan on buying , give it a try and see how you like it . just make sure that you have enough free space on your computer or laptop .
 As many bad reviews as I read about it , I have n't had any problems with it and am sincerely enjoying it ! The shipping was faster then I expected too !
 There are lots of little quirks in this game that make is so fun to play . If you 're a sims fan , you 'll love it . I have n't even gotten to play everything there is in it yet , and I 've had it for a couple months . I highly recommend it , especially if you 're dying to get your sims out of town .
 At first I was not sure how this expansion would contribute to my enjoyment of the game but this expansion is comparable to seasons on how it enhances the gameplay . Now of the two seasons is definitely better because it enhanced and improved every aspect of all the previous expansions in effective way . -LRB- except sims 2 pets -RRB- However hardcore sims 2 fans will not be disappointed in this expansion.I wont list everything that was new and different but there is things to look foward to like expanded romance options , additional business prospects , more building options , and decent amount of nifty items . I would best describe a sim going on vacation as being a pleasure seeking sim on a greatly expanded outing -LRB- nightlife expansion -RRB- without the same problems associated to it . Now I did not give this game 5 stars because of two things . One is the techinical issues . It is understood there is no such thing as flawless pc game . Every game that comes out is followed by patches to fix programming glitchs that are usually minor . This is the first time I experienced hardware failure after a sims 2 installation eventhough my computer exceeded minimum requirements . I resolved most of the problems by doing driver updates on my video card , keyboard , and mouse . I am still experiencing a slower load times and lag in the game . This is excludes the typical software glitches found in games . My second problem is that bon voyage is not a very deep expansion . The first 3 sims 2 expansion the nightlife , university and open for business are true expansions because they actaully expanded gameplay . The last three pets , seasons , and this one are just mostly enhancements . Its far to easy to play the game and still enjoy it without these last three being installed . I am thinking we are coming to close to finished product as far as expansions are concerned since the sims 3 is already in developement . So I predict no more than a couple more expansions before EA is done . My recommedation is yes buy this if you a hardcore sims 2 fan but if you are more casual player wait unitl the patch come out or better yet when they offer some of these expansions in bundles .
 Ah , nothing like a nice vacation . A chance to get away from the world , see new places , meet new people and have a great time ! Why when I was growing up one of my favorite movies wasNational Lampoon 's Vacation -LRB- 20th Anniversary Special Edition -RRB- , and if there 's one thing I learned from that , it 's this
 I 've been playing Sims since the first one came out and subsequently purchased all the expansion packs . As much as I loved being able to have pets or weather for the first time , Bon Voyage has a kind of quest system that really appeals to me . There are 45 skills or objects that the character in question has to pick up , including my favorite , teleportation . No more waiting while someone ahead of you is on the stairs . Now you can go from your front lawn to your 2nd floor bedroom in one step . I also like how you can teach the skills or learn new ones from/to total strangers . As for graphics , sometimes the characters do resemble Sue Storm from the Fantastic Four . At which time I need to shut down the game , and restart , but otherwise , no real complaints .
 This is a good expansion pack . It 's a little buggy , as all are when they first come out , but I have experienced fewer glitches with this one than any other EP I 've gotten . The vacation lots tend to lag a little , but the normal lots do not . I imagine -LRB- hope -RRB- this will be fixed when they put out a patch.While Seasons is my favorite , this makes a very nice addition that I have spent hours and hours playing . Some new things you can look forward to : Tai ChiTwo new dancesBeach lotsDigging for treasureAnd more . I do n't want to spoil the surprises for you , so I 'll leave it at that .
 This game is very interesting i love the way it is and the way it works even though its a used game who cares
 I was a little afraid to buy this game at first , since I had heard so much about it crashing computers . But I bought it and installed it and had no problems at all . I love the fact that now I can send my sims on vacation and I love the custom jewelry each place offers . Got ta watch for those sunburns , though !
 This is a great exspansion pack to the sims . Its truly amazing and adventurous which is what i wanted . Has three main places you can go which is the beach , the forest and something else which i forget . Its really cool there are hotels and dances and dinners . Really fun exspansion pack and also comes with alot of new and interesting products you can buy for your sims home . Really fun game and concept , really fun to bring your sims out of there rut and go on vacation , i love it . I gave it a 4 out of 5 but this is mostly my computers doing , it runs a little more slower , but thats because there is so much content with the game itself . Other than that its a really great buy , and affordable , you will have so much fun and hours will go by without noticing haha but deffintly recommend to a friend
 This was fun , but I expected it to be a lot more fun than it actually turned out to be ! Be sure you have `` The Sims 2
 Well I am very impressed with this add on . Makes a good addition to the collection and is not just a hole filler .
 If my computer could handle this more , I would love it . I 'm reviewing this now from my standpoint when I first got it -LRB- through that special where you send in UPCs and get a game for free -RRB- . I was in love with it , because it was so different . I love the beaches and the asian lands ... and the mountains are wonderful too ! I would visit these places , and I do n't do well leaving my home .
 I have always enjoyed playing this game over I lost it and needed a replacement . I order a used game from J and S Games however the game never played . They were quick about refunding me my money back so instead I just purchased a brand new game from Target.As for the game , I enjoy playing Bon Voyage . I like the concept of the Sims being able to go on vacation and get massages , dig for treasures , meet the locals or just relax in your room and order room service.The game is great and I have never experience any problems with its operation .
 Being a fan of the Sims 2 I had to say that this was well worth buying . it was nice to be able to dig for treasure , and go to exotic places with my sims family . I would recommend any person who loves the sims to get this ...
 I actually played this game on the original PlayStation and enjoyed it a lot , it was one of the first Atlus games I ever played and it 's probably because of this game that I will almost always try out a game that Atlus puts out . If you played the original , you will notice that this one is arguably easier than the original . Also they 've switched out some of the characters , such as the character you escape from prison with early on was a buff looking dude in the original and is now a tomboyish blonde chick . Still , if you enjoyed the original it 's worth picking up.For those that have never heard of this game , I originally got it because I had just finished FFTactics on the PS and was looking for something similiar , which hoshigami is in that its innovative , however its customization is quite different . For starters instead of having different classes there are multiple dieties who basically acts as each unit/characters `` patron saint '' of sorts , they also play into the storyline which is very much a remnant of times when a games merit was based on gameplay and depth vice graphics . That said the graphics were cleaned up and look very at home on the DS . Each diety , divided mainly by element , improves stats and weapon usage as well as unlocking skills unique to each one . there are 6 originally and if you master the 3 `` light/dark '' elements you unlock 2 more dieties , one of light and one of dark . You keep the skills after changing dieties but as each diety is suited to different armors and weapons you may choose to just keep one the entire game , and the characters will not suffer for it if you choose to do so . The storyline is both interesting and flexible as are the characters you can get to join you along the way , in the original if a unit died you lost it forever however in this port they took that away which is one of the things that makes this game far easier . Also your characters can get exp from attacking each other , so if you 're having problems leveling , go to a lower level of one of the various `` towers of trial '' and equip your characters with weak weapons or just their fists and use weak atks on each other . You get 12-20 % exp for hitting a unit of equal level , and since you can attack multiple times based on the amount of action you have taken that turn , its very possible to gain a level every other turn by doing this . This was also not an option on the original game , though you could attack other characters like this , the exp gain was not nearly as lucrative and thus it almost wasnt worth it considering that if you just climbed the tower of trial you would get more exp as well as items . The magic system can be overpowered or underpowered depending on how much time you put into each magic coin . You get seals from battles in the towers of trial and can use them to modify the magic coins you use . Honestly if you enjoy gridbased strategy rpgs this game is worth a shot , especially considering you can get a used copy for 5 bucks , the gameplay is fun and no more repetitive than most strategy rpgs and the storyline is pretty epic
 I 've been playing this game since the release date on the 26th and I absolutely love the gameplay and difficulty . this is the first time I 've ever played these type of strategy games for the DS and it defintely wo n't be the last . If you like games that are a challenge to play and will last you a long time , this is the game to get .
 With all the limitation the NFL has put out this year
 This is a very strange game . It 's fun but all in all it just is n't the best.The controls are okay and graphics are n't special . The players are just NFL players and there are no Street charaters like in Street NBA . The two things I really enjoyed were the Minigames - Crush the Carrier is the best - where you play random skills.The Respect the Street mode , or Career mode , was also fun . Overall this game was an ok experience . It 's nothing special but if you like games that have quick sports game this is the game for you.Scale 1.0 to 5.0 Graphics :3.0 Controls :2.0 Gameplay :4.0 Sound :1.0 -LRB- Grunting , screaming , and horrible music . -RRB- Overall
 Excelente producto , cumple totalmente con el requerimiento , escelente entrega , buen negocio , muy agradecido . Llego en buen estado y perfectas condiciones
 THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST XMAS GIFT I GAVE NO ONE IS COMPLAIN AND THE ACTION IS ALMOST LIKE BLITZ
 It 's NFL Street ... again . I guess since I have n't played NFL Street since way back when it first came out , I do n't really notice all the new stuff and differences , but it 's still a great game . I was looking for an alternate for Madden , a little more action a little less GM type stuff . This is about it . Make a team , play games , gain stats , and repeat . Good game .
 In Street 2 jumping off walls was an awkward gaming experience but playable . Street 1 was the best of the series because it was pure street football , no jumping and cartwheeling all over the place . Thats why the fun rating went down , Other than that it Crushes Madden . Hey EA maybe football is your forte . But leave the sim to ESPN 2K .
 Guitar Hero is a favorite among the many games my son plays . He gets better and better as he becomes more acquainted with the songs I recognize from when I was his age . He 's a real `` rock star '' !
 Because this is GH1 , i ca n't say that it 's perfect . There are n't practice modes yet and you ca n't use hammer ons and lift offs as u would in gh2 and gh3 . however , for anyone who wants to play songs that are n't `` crazy ridiculous '' like you might find in the second and third , this game is perfect . the gameplay is simple and except maybe for the last level , playing expert here is like playing hard on gh2 .
 At this time there 's no need to say that it 's one of the best musical games we all 've ever played . Do not hesitate to buy it if you like music and want to have fun ...
 Great basic starting point for the series . Guitar Hero 2 allows you to play with 2 players at the same time , this one does n't but good starting point for a beginner !!
 I bought a Playstation for this game only . It is so completely addicting and in my mind , still the best of the GH games .
 This is a great game for all ages ! It 's fun , has a variety of skill levels so just about anyone can play along . And the music is eclectic and the songs sound so close to the actual artist that only a trained ear can tell the difference .
 This was a gift for my husband and he absolutely loves it ! My grandson who is 15 also has this game and likes it more than Guitar Hero II . He says the songs are better on the first game .
 This was a great purchase . My son is having so much playing it . He thinks he is cool because he knows all the songs that Mom and Dad use to listen to in High School .
 I got this for my husband and he loves it , be sure to get the guitar from RedOctane as it is not much fun to play if you only have a Playstation controler . But using the Guitar it is a blast to play .
 `` Iron Man '' is an excellent song for beginners , it only requires 3 notes while on `` easy '' and lets you feel a rock star . Parents will love the music from their generation ; Boston , Black Sabbath , Heart and more . It 's also a game for adults , they can be taken back to the days of listening to their music on 8 track players . You can choose the level of difficulty , and increase the difficulty of play as you become an expert .
 Here 's my take on Guitar Hero
 Perhaps that tired old adage from the dusty hallways of grade-school is right after-all
 Every time I saw this game in stores like Walmart or GameStop I thought what a stupid game . I picked it up an tried it without knowing what to do and was convinced it blew.A friend got it and could not stop bragging about what a great game it was . I just laughed at him while he played and thought to myself he looks stupid but wow I love that song . He continued to play great song after great song . He told me to try it and despite my lack of coordination after being told how to play it was suprisingly fun.I was told that the learning curve was pretty good and that if I played it for 12 hours straight I would get the hang of it.We then proceded to play for at least 5 hours and I loved every minute of it.I now own both versions of the game and 3 guitars.One word of advise get a wireless guitar you will enjoy it more .
 I have n't bought either Guitar Hero I or II but was thinking of buying it for my two grandsons . My question is , can the guitar that comes with Guitar Hero II be used to play the music in Guitar Hero I. I did n't want to buy the bundle pack with the guitar if I could just buy the game for the Guitar Hero I. Call me a cheap skate , or just a frugal granny , but I would really like to know .
 not just for guitarists , this game will give you the feel of being a guitarist with none of the hours of practice . its like air-guitar without the air . my teenagers love it , my 8 year old daughter loves it , and I love it . the tunes are great and head-2-head is a blast to play . if you already have guitar hero 2 , this is not a step down , just a batch of new songs to jam on .
 I first played Guitar Hero back in 2005 , and completely love it from the start to finish.This has to be one of the coolest games ever made , it has so many great songs and challenging modes.This game has Career mode , which is just a story mode in which you have to beat the songs to play more songs until you get to the last song.The other modes are Versus and practice , it is useful when you first start out , it is hard to get use to strumming and pressing the buttons at the same time.The songs are the best part about the game and there is a lot of great classic rock songs like
 The game that started it all . This game has some really fun songs to play and great songs to listen to . If you bought GH2 and are thinking of getting this as well , then you are making the right choice . This game is fun , but maybe not as good as the sequel . This game has a lot of classics , and less contemporary songs , which is an interesting change . The gameplay is the same as the others and just as addictive . Overall , a worthy game to buy if you loved GH2 .
 Overall this game is great . The song selection , in my opinion does n't compare to guitar hero II , but it 's still good . The game is a lot easier on hard than it 's counterpart . Expert is a different situation . I recently completed the game on expert and let me tell you , your fingers will hurt . With songs like `` Texas Flood '' , `` Cowboys From Hell '' , and `` Bark at the Moon '' you will spend many hours of frustration in expert mode . With the lack of practice mode , these songs are even more difficult . All in all the game is worth the investment .
 To anyone out there who was never good at DDR , this is the game for you.Well it should be at least , since you use your fingers instead of feet.Regardless , this is a game where you will have hours of fun trying to beat all the greatest -LRB- well most -RRB- rock songs there are.With 4 levels of difficulty , you can shred like Hendrix or well not . . Definately worth the investment . Though with Guitar Hero II and soon to be III coming out , all you would miss out on is a few songs .
 My whole family played guitar hero II , often with friends from the neighborhood . I originally bought the game for my 10 year old son , but found everyone loved it . So , once my 16 daughter and I had finished the game on expert , we wanted more songs , so I decided to buy guitar hero 1 . Its still a fun game , and filled the void until the next generation of Guitar Hero came out , but there are a couple of things that make the game not quite as good .1 - Fewer songs ; only 30 songs total2 - Songs were easier3 - No practice mode -LRB- good thing the songs were easier -RRB- 4 - No easy way to switch back and forth between saved careers -LRB- you have to reboot to get to another person 's saved game -RRB- Overall , good game , but Guitar Hero 2 is better -LRB- and we just got 80 's edition , which is more on par with Guitar Hero 2 -RRB- .
 Just last month , I purchased Guitar Hero 3 which I thought was excellent !! So today my mom bought me the first guitar hero game that came out . When I played it , I noticed alot of difference 's between this and guitar hero 3 . One is the graphic 's . They 've gotten so much better on the newer guitar hero game 's . The songs on here were kinda dissapointing because one , I do n't recognize half of the songs on here , and two , there 's only like 30 of em , while guitar hero 3 has about 70 . I stopped playing as soon as I did about four songs . I suggest you go and buy either guitar hero 2,3 , or if you have the money World Tour .
 All kinds of classic rock tunes you play on your PS2 . Go back to the time when music was music.The differng levels of play help bring out the Guitar Hero in you .
 Great game , lots of fun , but the controller we bought to go with it is not working properly . Otherwise , we enjoy the game very much .
 Multiple difficulty levels , songs everyone knows and loves , and the ability to rock out with friends ? No wonder Guitar Hero became such a phenomenon . With guitar classics that range from Deep Purple 's `` Smoke on the Water '' and Motorhead 's `` The Ace of Spades , '' the song selection is varied and deep.The only weakness this game displays is in its multiplayer - there 's no cooperative mode and any competitive modes have to have both players on the same difficulty . Other than that , this is a game with no real weak points that can stand up well to the sequels it spawned .
 This is a great game , although I like GH3 better . I would recommend this game to everyone . It is more forgiving than 2 or 3 , but the `` hammer ons '' and `` pull offs '' are harder to do .
 `` I only play regular Nintendo '' used to be my mantra . The controllers on subsequent systems were too much for this old school video gamer -LRB- I cut my teeth on Atari -RRB- . Enter Guitar Hero . Addicted is an understatement.The great part is that this has become a family activity . We play face off , or see who can get the most starts on career mode . My children , ranging in ages 9-14 , like the music and have downloaded some of the songs to their mp3 players.My favorite version so far is Guitar Hero 80 's . Favorite songs from that version would be Turning Japanese -LRB- by the Vapors -RRB- and Play With Me -LRB- by Extreme -RRB- . I 've found the `` medium '' difficulty in this version to be easier than the medium difficulty in GHII .
 It 's a great game.It has a lot songs to suit everyone.It 's very addictive.This game is great for everyone.It 's a good party game . All in all it 's a great game .
 The game has given my children and their friends hours of fun . The children compete for scores against each other and the game , and it has solidified a desire to learn to play a musical instrament .
 My teenage son loves playing all of the Guitar Hero games , but he seems to like the songs on this game the best of all . He and his friends love to have guitar wars on this game . The most important thing to me is that he is listening to a lot of classic rock songs that I listened to as a teenager . And he loves them ! I even like to play every once in a while just to make a fool of myself !
 The game is a blast and is a challenge to the hand eye coordination .
 We got Guitar Hero 2 for Christmas -LRB- before getting GH1 -RRB- . The multiplayer features on GH2 outcompete GH1 with the ability to play in cooperative mode and the feature of allowing different difficulty settings for each player . GH1 only has one multiplayer mode with each player having to agree on a difficulty level . That being said , the song selection for GH1 is fantastic ! Some friends of mine like it even better than the song selection for GH2 . In single player mode you ca n't tell much difference between gameplay for each game . If you 're only going to buy one of the games buy GH2 , but really , you should get them both !
 We started off with Guitar Hero 2 and when we saw the song list of Guitar Hero 1 we thought that we had to buy this game as well . It is definitely worth the money as it gives you hours and hours of fun .
 This is a very fun game . Personnally I think it has better songs than GHs 2 or 3 , but it does n't have the practice mode , that is the only downside . Overall a great game , especially for parties .
 Guitar Hero and Guitar Hero 2 totally rock ! Words ca n't explain how cool it is to see my kids rocking out to real rock and roll songs like Free Bird .
 My sons , ages 12 and 9 , thoroughly enjoy this game . Hours of fun . Would recommend it highly .
 Guitar Hero is a must . It 's an addicting skill game that never gets old and is very fun to play . Guitar Hero 2 is also great and every fan should have both games for over a hundred total songs to play .
 I played this game about a month ago and feel in love with it , I enjoy the hell out of it-good buy
 good game , liked the songs better than II . add it to your collection now !!!
 Lots of fun even for a novice . Also bought the wireless flying V to make playtime even more exciting and not restrictive !
 This is one of those games that will go down in the history books , its fun addictive and easy to play , the song selection is unique , fun , and never gets boring , i recomend this game to everyone .
 I love this game , my boyfriend and i play it everyday and we also love guitar hero 2 . once you practice you get the hang and will start to love it too .
 Originally owned Guitar Hero 2 and recently bought the first one . Love the first one much more than the second . Although there are a few less options as far as characters and a couple other menu things are n't as advanced , the play of the game is the exact same but the songs are by far much greater .
 This is a great game to play by yourself and is even better playing with someone else in face-off or co-op modes . Great track listing of mostly hard rock music such as Black Sabbath 's Iron Man . I would recommend 2 guitars though if you purchase this game . Being able to battle a friend is what really pushes this game over the top , because come on , who wants to play a guitar game with a controller . I went with two wired guitars instead of the slightly more expensive wireless ones just because I was concerned about the wireless guitars cutting out and missing notes . The game plays a little like Dance Dance Revolution in the fact that you have to hit the notes by using the fret buttons as they scroll to you to play the song . This game is a must have for anyone who likes rock music and playing air guitar !
 Great product ! I fell in love with Guitar Hero the first moment I played ! Bought the Guitar Hero 2 Bundle and HAD to pick up the first game ! I cant wait for the new one to come out in June ! Excellente , 5 stars all the way !
 I began my Guitar Hero career with the 2nd edition . Once I was sure I was going to be playing the game for a long time I purchased the first one.Although the first edition lacks the depth the second one has -LRB- the ability to play as different roles , individual difficulty selection for quick games , being noticed when a song is played perfectly -RRB- , the first edition packs a heavy punch with some killer tracks that the first edition just ca n't compare to.Guitar Hero I even seems more challenging than it 's sequel . Your fingers will learn to fly at an earlier stage of the game , and you will have no choice but to learn the pull-on and pull-off 's before attempting the hard level .
 As a master guitarist -LRB- that is , with normal 6 string guitars -RRB- my first thoughts of this game were
 I WAS DISAPOINTED , I KNEW THE GAME WAS USED BUT IT WAS MARKED LIKE NEW AND I RECEIVED IT IN A JEWEL CASE AND NOT THE ORIGINAL PACKAGING.THIS WAS THE SELLER NOT THE PRODUCT
 This is a great game all of us here in my platoon bought it and play all the time when we have time there could be more songs though other than that it has taken our minds off of combat for a little moment or two between missions
 This is fun to play along with . The @ 2 if fun also .
 This game is alright . The hammer-ons and pulls offs are kind of a joke . Guitar Hero 2 is much better ... it has more diversity . I ca n't help but get the game because it has Cowboys From Hell , Symphony of Destruction ... and some other great riffy songs . Got ta have both games to jam the good stuff .
 My girls all love it . They also have Guitar Hero II . If only I have designed it !
 This is a great game , however beware it is addictive . When played for extended periods of time , you can have problems with your hands .
 We purchased GH1 because we love GH2 so much . Though you get a bit more functionality with GH2 , this is still a great game . The music is terrific and the game is a bit more forgiving in the scoring that GH2 . All in all , it was worth it simply to get a few more great songs .
 This game was a hit with everyone this past Christmas ! With plenty of songs to choose from , it was fun for all ages . Kids and Parents , and even Grandpa got in on the action ! Now when we hear `` smoke on the water '' come on the radio It means Grandpa is a GUITAR HERO !
 My kids love this game and we all play together . their friends love it too and say that it is great
 This was a present for my daughter , i think she played it till her fingers bled hahaha . It was what I expected in the purchase .
 It 's an awesome guitar game and i love the songs that are on it . my sister and i play it all they time and the difficulties make it much more fun .
 I have played this game when it first came out . It was my friends game . I have the other guitar heroes except this one was missing . It only seemed right to have this one .
 the first is the best ... I could play the original GH all day long ... love it . It has a fantastic song list .
 OK , I admit , I was a little skeptical . My nephew received Guitar Hero 3 with the guitar for Christmas a couple of years ago . After waiting , forever , for my turn to play-I was hooked . The next day I went and purchased the game and guitar for MYSELF . I have also bought Guitar Hero 1 and 2 . Well , then I had to get Guitar Hero
 guitar hero is a great game . My family plays it constantly . I guess you could say it 's almost to much fun .
 I love this light system . It is only shedding light directly on the screen , where it should go anyway . It is almost not noticeable in battery consumption , and it is rather cheap.I can recommend it
 this is the best i have ever played i can go any where and play it . this is because of its small and compact size .
 Ok . I was skeptical about getting this . Half of the reviews said many of the games did not work but I got it anyway because I wanted to play Pitfall again and I got it really cheap thru an amazon seller.I was disappointed at first when some of the games really did n't work but I looked around and figured out if you hit F2 which is listed under commands for reset they would all work . You do have to hit it for each game that does n't work every time you choose it to play . I just thought I would try it to see if it would help and surprisingly it did . I do n't know why it 's like that but the games will work and if you do n't pay a lot for it , it is not bad.It 's true you have to use the keyboard to select the games but it does not take long and is so not a problem to me as some say . It 's the arrow keys and enter and it 's really quick.Also , yes , there is n't any instructions for the games and if you do n't remember what to do you have to figure it out . But it IS fun . I have n't checked but someone probably has a webpage somewhere that tells about some of them.As long as I could play pitfall though I would have been happy . There are some games I had completely forgotten about until now like river raid , it used to be my favorite . It is fun just to see them again . If you 've never played these games , you probably would n't have as much fun as people who played them when they were young . They are slow , simple and graphics way low grade but check it out . I 've never done a review before but I thought I should share about getting the games to work.In Conclusion
 The good : If you like the old Activision games for the Atari 2600 , this is the software for you . The emulation is exact and includes pretty much all of the original Activision titles.The game allows you to use the keyboard , mouse -LRB- to simulate paddles -RRB- or a gamepad and it all works well.The bad : The retro 80 's interface is more of a pain than anything . You have to use the keyboard to select the games , and then have to go through multiple steps to get there . A simple list of games to select would be better.Also , there is no documentation on how to play any games , and worse , you can select which game mode you want -LRB- the same as the game select on the old 2600 -RRB- , but there is no documentation on what the games are , so I hope you still have your old 2600 game documentation .
 Well , I had this game when I was a child , and it makes me to remember those times . The game is not bad at all , the difficult is the unique bad thing there , but is a good game ...
 Awesome game , great graphics , good music , action packed . Should be a $ 15 game easily and for $ 6-7 its a steal , a must have
 such a classic 2d nintendo game , HIGHLY recommended for any contra or combat nintendo arcade style video games !!! super simple intro and a fun game for sure !
 SNK has made one of the best shooters of all time and that 's POW , if your into old school games get this one .
 This stuff pack is worth it especially if you want your Sims to have a party or celebration by allowing them a little more variety beyond the standard to celebrate with their family friends or neighbors .
 its a fun game but we didnt get to play our own because the company who sent it didnt send the second disc and never responded to emaol .
 Came brand new in packaging , works great . A must have for anyone playing Sims 2 on PC . Great buy for the money
 i baught the game for my granddaughter how is 18 and she loves it.its a great way to keep track of wedding planes forthe next 4 years.the ooveral is top of the line . and shopping for it was the easestthing i have ever done .
 This stuff pack includes mostly items for use in weddings and birthday celebrations , including themed walls and floors , additional cakes , balloons , and bridal and bridesmaids dresses . The birthday cakes are very effective for aging babies to toddlers . If you do n't do wedding parties much , then you should probably skip it . Also , I recommend not paying more than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for any stuff pack .
 I bought this so I would have the whole collection of items for the Sims 2 . So far , I like what I see . Makes weddings more fun . Would have been better if it had more original content though .
 If you are a Sims2 Hard Core like me of course this is wonderful , I love to build houses and decorate and this is wonderfuf for that , would liked to have seen more items but I always do . Good product .
 Always fun to have more extras ... especially when there is a Celebration to be had ! I really love the sims !
 The recipient was happy with the content . Even though its an old game , it installed and runs on a newer computer with no problems .
 I like this SP . It has added some great items to the game . I am a true gamer when it comes to Sims 2 . I love this game ! Most my friends are telling me to try Sims 3 , but I am not interested in changing over LOL ! Sims 2 is the BEST !
 Shipped really fast , the game and code worked perfect , and there was not a single scratch on the disk . 100 % Satisfied !
 Celebration Stuff is a Good expansion pack with a great selections of extras . However it 's not necessary unless you 're a big Sims 2 fan and enjoy the games Customization features such as building and decoration your own home or business . Celebration Stuff also adds , a lot of extras for Parties such as Wedding parties and Birthday parties .
 Could n't wait to get this add on pack for the Sims2 . We are finally able to have a wedding or birthday party and everything matches . I love it !
 I enjoy playing though the sims as much as anyone , but I think the uniqueness that the sims thrives on was lacking when it came to birthday parties and wedding parties . This expanaion pack fixed that for me ! It allows 4 new colors of cake for weddings and birthdays . new colored balloons and a new buffet table . Other things included are new wedding dresses and hairstyles . This stuff pack makes the make more fun because you can create one wedding that has a light blue cake and balloons and then go play another wedding that has a gold cake and balloons , then go play a birthday party for a young girl sim that has a pink cake and balloons . This game brought even more unique choices to an already unique game . I enjoy throwing parties more in the sims now than ever before .
 i love the sims games ... i have all the sims games for the sims 1 and i have almost all of them for 2 , i am only missing the college expansion pack . This product was shipped and i recieved it faster then what was expected . Everything was there and both cd 's worked without issues .
 This expansion is pretty cool for the game , I like how they 've got stuff that 's for weddings . It 's pretty neat & I really love how they have all these expansion paks for the game .
 I do n't really use the celebration stuff because I take my game way too seriously and could never be bothered changing the scenery from season to season , but it 's still a pretty cool stuff pack .
 The Sims2 Line of PC games are the best thing to come along for women in today 's time . They 're really good for any gender but I feel like they may attract more women & children than men that are into more of the shooting games . When I want to relaxe I simply pop in one of my games and then the rest is history . I love these games & I 'm looking forward to the many that will come in the future . If anyone that is reading this and have n't yet tried the Sims2 games ... Try it !! I guarantee you 'll be hooked ! The games I now own range from -- The Sim2 Deluxe Edition to the latest Freetime . Kitchen & Bath Stuff is next !!
 THIS IS FUN FOR YOUR SIMS . THEY CAN DRESS UP IN WEDDING ATTIRE . THERE IS MORE STUFF IN HERE FOR PARTIES . I THINK THAT EA GAMES HAS MADE ENOUGH STUFF FOR THESE SIMS . LIKE I SAID BEFORE , I WOULD LIKE TO SEE A SIMVILLE TOWN WHERE THERE ARE ROLLERCOASTERS AND COTTON CANDY . STUFF LIKE THAT WHERE THEY COULD GO ON RIDES . THEY ALREADY HAVE ENOUGH STUFF TO WEAR AND STUFF FOR THEIR HOMES . THAT IS MY OPINION AND IT IS FREE !
 The Sims 2
 I have n't yet had the time to fully explore this stuff pack , but from what I 've seen it 's a little less than I had hoped for . I 've got a thing for weddings and foolishly thought this would provide the ability to have a church wedding on a community lot ... it looked like that was happening in one of the screen shots . This is not true . You still can not place a wedding arch on a community lot , much to my disappointment . The items themselves are pretty cool and you can now have veils for the brides . I like it overall , and I feel okay with spending $ 15 on it . I do n't think I would have payed $ 20 .
 I was a little disappointed when I realized there were no new functions like a more formal wedding hall or something like that where you could be on a community lot ... but the stuff is still pretty cool . I have built a restauarant with cool new decorations , and it is nice , especially when making stories and movies ... is it worth it ? If you love Sims , of course ! If you just like to play and buy basic stuff , then I would not rush out and get it but you should have it in your collection ... I wish they would have combined it all in one pack instead of releasing Seasons and then Celebration Stuff ... but thanks Maxis anyway for making quality products ...
 This seems to be the only gamepad out there with Mac 10.2 software for customizing buttons , at least in this price range . Believe me I 've researched everything I can find from Logitech to Gravis .
 Do you like to play games on MacOS ? Well , if you do , get this controller , or maybe even two of them . The driver for this controller is great . You can have the device configured on a per-application basis . So , you can have one setting for SpyHunter and another one for WingNuts . Look in to getting two of them , then you can have your friends play against you . The force feedback technology is great , you feel the bumps when you drive over dirt or when you crash .
 Just got this Gamepad , which by the way is the ishock ii . It is great ! Works with 10.2 after downloading drivers from the macally website . Fully programable . A heavyweight gamepad with plenty of buttons , and very comfortable for an adult 's hand . You can even program it to be a mouse , but the controls are hard in `` mouse mode . `` If you need a gamepad for the MAC , I definitely would suggest this one .
 I have continued to tweak the custom settings control for the iShock Game Controller and I have been able to get it to do everything I want it to do . Even make the Directional Control Pad as responsive as I want it to be . I have been able make the force feed back work as well.The OS X iShock II Manager is not as intuitive as I 'd like it to be but it works after you learn it.After learning some more I can say I can indeed recommend this game controller for Pangea 's games for Mac OS X like Bugdom 2 , & Ottomatic etc. . .
 I bought two of these , actually , for two different Macs in an attempt to run Zuma with them . They 're really nice controllers , they feel great and there are quite a few buttons for different functions . Yet finding configurable drivers for them was a pain . We tried GamePad Companion but it made the device jerky and uncontrollable , especially when shooting.It 's too bad someone ca n't make one that is easy to configure for the Mac users who actually enjoy gaming .
 this game never gets old , simple gameplay and fun levels make this very entertaining ... obviously its an original NES game so the graphics are of that time but the ability to go in and just kill soldiers in your way is a lot of fun ... finding the secret staircases and getting the super grenade represent little things that make you want to replay after beating the game ... the only slight negative is that bullets do not travel that far ... i know its an old game but to have a bullet evaporate .1 of an inch right b4 the enemy gets frustrating , especially in later levels when a lot of bullets are coming ur way and you need to be stealth in your approach ... but otherwise this is a blast and one of my fav all time NES games
 The game is cool plus it a hard 2 find game it is cool & glad I got it it rocks
 This was a game that defined my childhood . I had it and so did three of my friends and we all exchanged info on how to beat it . The puzzles were challenging , there were TWO WAYS to beat it . The voice acting was solid and music great . The story , magical . I still would love if there were an actual Land of the Green Isles . I know all of Daventry is magical but they built up everything so well around this game , the guidebook , the mythos . Just wow.You need to play this game ! Love the puzzles , love the characters , love the deaths , love the narrator . Just fantastic .
 King 's Quest VI was my favourite of the series , having a wonderful storyline , amazing graphics for the time -LRB- and the facial expressions are still great today -RRB- , the best choice of voices for the characters -LRB- which really brought the story to life -RRB- , and such an epic feel to it.The story is basically about Prince Alexander falling in love with a Princess he met briefly , and he goes through many obstacles to save Princess Cassima and her kingdom from being taken over.The fact that there are two different endings adds a richness to the game , that really brings out how actions determine fate . -LRB- I wo n't spoil them , but the long version definitely makes the game more satisfying ! -RRB- I think the game would still bring enjoyment to anyone playing it today , even years after it was released , it is an absolute classic .
 This is one of the best games ever made . It was made back when you had to have a good story line because you could n't be distracted by amazing graphics . One of the best games ever made -LRB- I know I said that , it bears repeating -RRB-
 I recently purchased an XGA Box in order to play my Playstation 2 in my dorm ; TV access is limited and I desired to be courteous to my fellow residents . Allow me to first state that the picture is a little fuzzy , but it does n't block out text or much detail , and I 've heard that it clears up immensely when used with S-video , opposed to the component cables that I 've been using.The only reason that I 'm giving this baby a 4 is the confusion that is entailed if you want sound - the sound , unlike video , does not automatically transfer to your computer speakers so that if you desire to hear sound it is necessary to either plug your speakers into the box , or use headphones . Although the later option is an easy fix , it can be annoying if you play with friends or if you want to control the volume - it 's a fixed rate.Despite these minor flaws , I would still highly recommend the XGA to anyone who has unreliable access to a TV or simply wishes to use their computer monitor .
 This is really a great product to buy for your xbox/ps2/gamecube . I hooked my xbox up to my 17 '' LCD monitor . However , in order to get a good sharp image I suggest buying the s-video adapter for you game system for optimal image quality !
 As far as it looks , this must one of the best PC 's gamepad , of the format and buttons to Analog Control for Playstation!Think about it
 For those who remember McDonalds in styrofome , freezer sized microwaves and Vans , you will remember the fun you had from the first time you grabbed your paddle and tried to get that ball bouncing around as your points racked up . A great piece of history for those who want to introduce new generations to the gaming system that truly started it all .
 This is another popular atari game that allot of people have played . The object is to hit a ball with a platform and hit the bricks that r at the top of the screen . There r two more balls trapped in the bricks so when u get them out u have more to use to try to get rid of all of the brick . As soon as u get the balls out it makes it really hard to control all of them so if u miss all of them u have lives and if u run out of them u have to restart the game . This is one of my favorites on the atari .
 In Super Breakout , you control a paddle to bounce a ball around the screen , destroying bricks to score points.So yea , check out that cover art . And if you get a manual , read the background story . That 's exactly what Breakout needed
 This controller is very good . You can change the vibration level , which adds a nice addition . The buttons work perfect as well as the analog sticks . The analog sticks were a just a little difficult to `` click '' , but overall its great !
 This aftermarket remote control work just like the original EOM remote . It is a smaller size , which is perfect for my son .
 AWESOME VIDEO GAME !!! I absolutely love it . It is a little hard to learn but when you get the hang of it , it is awesome!The game has so many tricks than you can chose from and once you get enough tricks , you can do a `` GAME BREAKER '' ! Its hard to explain but when you get the game , you 'll love it . You can also rename the tricks even all the tricks that you do in Dunk Contest ! You can make your own players AKA `` Ballers '' and use your street points -LRB- basicly money -RRB- to improve their skills and buy them no clothing ! If you complete the street challenge you get all the clothing free ! You have to try this game!Dunk Contest , and everything about this game is awesome and I would suggest this game for lot 's of people ! I hope my review was helpful to you !
 The third installment of the NBA street series is definitely the best yet . You have to apreciate the fact that EA sports Big completely reworked the controls and graphics but was able to keep the smooth agressive gameplay . In adition V3 has increadible animations which are very important when trying to capture the feel of street ball . I was debating between 4 or 5 stars for this instant clasic but there is a big lag in the comentary department . The very same phrases from volume 2 are used again and again by the annoying DJ cucumber slice -LRB- the anouncer -RRB- . This is the only aspect that was not redone but it desperately needed it . Not only is the comentary repetitive but it is a poor atempt at being too ghetto . Can any one please tell me what `` Taking it to the Baha Lovely '' means . Other than this flaw the game is a real winner . The street challenge mode is great but the overall best thing you can do with V3 is play online or just a regular multiplayer game . It 's great throwing the ball off your best friends head and then doing a double through the legs dunk . Go out and buy NBA street V3 but when your playing it turn off the comentary for everyones sake.Ratings out of 10Graphics 9.5 much better than last timesControls 8 smooth and easily accesableMultiplayer 9 great game to humiliate your friendsSounds 3 The soundtrack is pretty good but the anouncing is horrible
 NBA Street V3 is the best streetball game that EA ever came up with . If you thought volume 2 was good then you should get volume 3 becuase it is even better . You can create your own baller and give him or her a team or start the Street Challenge to build your baller 's reputation . The dunk contest is totally awesome -LRB- even though it is also totally unrealistic too -RRB- . You can play against your friends , make your own kicks , choose your ballers clothes from a totally huge wardrobe , etc. . It is totally fun ! The only reason I gave this game 's overall 4 stars is because of the little glitches that it has sometimes where the game ca n't really keep up with you -LRB- if you get what I 'm sayin -RRB- . But I totally love this game . It 's pretty addictive because it is so fun . Anyone who likes either basketball or NBA Street V1 or V2 should get this game soon . It is the best EA game ever !!! I hope EA will make an NBA Street V4 . ^_^
 Do n't listen to anyone who gives this game bad reviews . It is awesome . Nothing about this game is bad , except for the fact Bobbito Garcia should change some of his lines . The Street Challenge or `` Be a Legend '' as in Vol .2 has been upgraded to the fullest . Vol .2 's Be a Legend is about a 3.5 / 10 compared to V3 . You can customize your character so much more,fine-tuning to every aspect of the face , even watches , and jewelery , to custom shoes . It has it all . Following that , you create your home court just the way you like it , you can even pick from about 35 cities . A new thing is that when you up ur stats , its out of 99 , so it takes a while to boost your skills . You can still trade players to get better players after you beat a team and there are also new street legends . Stretch is back with oldies Bonafide , Dime , and Biggie Littles . Two new players to the game as Tacasie or something -LRB- he 's chienese -RRB- and Phat . And for the people that think NBA Challenge is gone , its not , its just called NBAtreet League and thats also in Street Challenge . Besides the sweet Street Challenge there is a new dunk contest . Its pretty unreal , but loads of fun . You can use props and jump over them -LRB- Benches , Ladders , Trash bins , etc. -RRB- , you can throw the ball up to yourself from a lot of crazy ways and angles , and when your in the air , you 'll pull off the sickest dunks you 've ever seen . The Gamebreaker must be one of the best parts of the game . Yes , the GB 2 is gone but this is alot better . You jump in the air and pull off the same dunks you would in a contest only you have teammates , so then you can throw the ball to them in mid-flight . You can even do a 3 man dunk show above the rim . You can get a best score of +4 and -1 to your opponents score . The lowest is +2 and -1 . The better tricks you do , the better the score . Everything is new and better in this game , even the graphics which are brought to a new level with V3 . So go out and buy the best streetball game you 'll ever own -LRB- until maybe a Vol . 4 comes out -RRB-
 With the third installment this game is awesome . The game is finally online and its awesome online . The graphics are mind blowing , and theres tons of new modes like the dunk mode . The only con . is that they took out some good players like M.Jordon . Plus the guy who talks during the game is lame . its awesome so rent it or buy it !
 This game introduces many things that the last game didnt have . It has a court customize where you can build your own basketball court adding banners , sponsors , new baskets etc. . The more SP you have , which is like points or money , you can afford more . The graphics are amazing and smooth and i ca n't find any game right now that betters it . The music is great , but i like hip-hop and rap style so if you 're a person who likes punk you may get a little irritated but thats my opinion . The gameplay gets very close to the real thing and its a pleasure when you get a gamebreaker cause its so COOL !! The dunks are seriously mind blowing and its fun when you get it in . I like playing with my family cause it rises the tension but its also a great solo game . I 've been playing it for a week now and im still frothing over it . Overall i give it a 9/10 and i think this is a game worth getting .
 This is a very well developed game in the NBA Street series , and i 've loved all of them from the original . The only bad thing about this series is that the games are way too easy and can be beaten in a very little amount of time , atleast to me they can , even on the hardest difficulty but still nevertheless this is a great overall game with great sound , commentary , and graphics .
 I picked up this game and id expect it not to be this good . It is such a blast . Controls are easy good soundtrack to it . This year they added online which is the best . Main points you can create a baller create a court to play on . The new dunk contest is a game breaker itself if you like the nba live 2005 dunk contest is good you will absolutley love this dunk contest its a little unreal but fun . Best Street game better than nfl street . Pick this game up if you love the nba.MAIN THING I HAD A PROBLEM WITH IS I DID NOT SEE MICHEAL JORDAN -LRB- MJ -RRB- IN THIS GAME I DONT KNOW IF I MISSED IT OR I DIDNT UNLOCK HIM BUT YEAH GREAT.Good graphics good everything PICK IT UP right now go hurry instant classic
 I 've been a fan of the series for awhile . One of the best games to play with a friend , but V3 lacked the speed of the first two . The graphics are much better than the first two , but what it makes up in graphics it loses in speed . I thought V2 was better fun , but V3 looked alot better . The announcer in V3 gets annoying after awhile , in V2 it was better . If you have n't played it before , I 'd get V2 just because it was funner to play . At 10 bucks for either , it 's a good purchase , and replayability is very high . Overall V3 is a good game , but if you do n't have V2 get it also .
 The newly released game NBA Street V3 is an improvment to street 1 and 2 . It has a new challenge , a dunk contest . NBA Street V3 has been upgraded with better graphics and new controls . The only thing is that some of the dunk look fake . Although in V1 you can have more player on your customized team then V3 . V3 has the latest allstars including Carmelo Anthony , Baron Davis , Lebron James , Vince Carter ect . in this game.In V3 you can customized your player . you can change his sneaker and give him a hair cut . Although you can customized there many features to deal with . There is a limit to the player you can have in your team . Nintendos allstar 's Mario , Luigi and Peach are in the Nintendo Gamecube edition . But the allstars move very slowly when they dunk , do tricks and shoot.NBA Street V3 is the best NBA Street game so far . Although V3is a good game it ca n't match with NBA Live 2005 . Which is still the best basketball game today , but V3 still shoud be played by everbody .
 NBA Street V3 is a GREAT game . If you have Street 1 or 2 , it is still worth buying V3 because V3 is so much better . Street 1 and 2 were really great games , but V3 allows you to have dunk contests , play on many different courts , customize players ' outfits and gear , and play online . Buy this game !!!!
 NBA Street V3 has everything this year . The new Street Challenge is awesome , since you are able to build your own court . The dunk contest is unreal , because you are able to jump over anything . The gameplay is better to , but Bobbito needs a few more lines.May I suggest some ideas for the next version.1-Use And 1 players against the NBA or against the NBA Street characters.2-Use some of the old players from NBA Street , combine them together , and make a little challenge out of it , sort of like a new game mode.OH YEAH , FOR THE DUDE THAT SAID TAKASHI IS NEW , HE IS OLD , REMEMBER , HE WAS ON THE FIRST NBA STREET , PLAYING ON THE ROOF .
 I have Grand Theft Auto
 This game is the best basketball game i have ever played . Even if you dont like basketball this game will make you like it . All i gots to say is if u dont get this game , your out of your mind !
 buy it buy it now 10 out of 10 graphics sound and gameplaysave your money and buy it
 yo dis game is tough no b-ball game can beat this who kares about wat others think buy this Peace
 This is the best basketball game anyone could want I have it and it is the best basketball game in the world so far ! Even if u do not like basketball get this game .
 + Controls - Not quite as responsive as the other 2 but pretty solid . EA Made the trick stick for one reason , so the controls are just as good on the XBox as they are on the Ps2 -LRB- xbox lacks 2 trigger buttons -RRB- So they tried to cover it up by making it sound so revolutionary on the PS2 . But you still can choose the classic controls like on the past 2 games . + Graphics - Very ggod crisp graphics , but sometimes I ca n't tell the difference if I am a Center Or A Point Guard . -LRB- Shaq and Dwane Wade look almost identical on some of the courts . But the Graphics are still a plus . + Gameplay - Very Similar to the other 2 games , but where is the NBA Challenge in this game ? My favorite Part was cut , But they really did A good job of making the `` Be A Lengend mode '' Better . Then They also added a Slam Dunk Contest , which happens to be very fun when playing with a Friend , and a create a court , where you basically ... build your own court . + SoundTrack - The sound track in this game is pretty good with a lot of 90 's Hip-Hop and similar stuff to that , But there is not enough songs . If you play 2 pick up games back-to-back you have probably herd everysong in the game , and this could get a little repetative.-Commentary - Oh Man ! Garcia Is back , and more annoying then ever!A lot of lines that were on Vol . 2 are back , but there are some new one . And of coarse He still talks alot about Food and Puerto Rico . I think Street 4 should have the Guy From And 1 Mix Tapes , he entertaining and he makes you laugh . OH BABY !!! + Educational - Thats right you herd it this game is educational . I love playin AND 1 with my friends , after playin this game for about 10 minutes i already thought up 3 new moves . If you like that style of Basketball Go for this Game ! You 'll start to get creative in coming up with new stuff like additions to the `` Slip n'Slide , '' and you 'll get new ways to make the defender turn around . + Online - Online is pretty solid nothing really wrong here . Can Play Pick Up games , Dunk Contest , play your Create a Team , etc. . Almost everything in the normal game you can do online.-My Biggest Complaint !!! Why Did n't EA wait to release this game until after the NBA trade Deadline . The game came out like 2 weeks before it and that is kind of annoying that now alot of players are not on their real teams . I 'm A huge Sixer fan , and they are incredibally bad on the game . If they would have waited until after the deadline Webber , Rodgers and Mashburn would be on their line up . Even The guy on the freakin ' cover is n't on that team anymore , Which I thought Davis was n't really a good fit for the cover anyway . + even though I did critisize the game in some areas , Some of the problems are minor , and this is still a 5 Star game.So Go Out And Buy It !!!
 This game iz off the hooks and Your ballin ' every second . Create Your Balla Make a Team . Fo 49.99 + tax fo this game iz nuttin i mean this game should be at least $ 65.00 BOY !!!!!! And Do n't stop til ' Ya Die !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Buy It Now !!!!!!!!!
 This game is mad fun . I 've been thinkin about this game for a while so i got it and its insane . GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 was exactly as pictured . this was a gift for my daughters boyfriend & he loved them . Would recommend this to anyone .
 If you 're looking to buy any kind of video games , this is the best guy to buy them from . He sells great games at a great price , I 'm recommending him to all my friends . 5 stars : -RRB-
 My son loves the Street series , but I think that this is his favorite . He has a Playstation 3 , but for some reason he is back on his old system . I was so lucky to find this game . The vendor provided gast service and a quality product . Thanks
 I love nba street , since the first one that came out . This game brings the franchise back to life , with jaw dropping ground moves , as well as air moves . Very fun game , the type of game you never get bored of , and always want to keep on playing to get better tricks and score more points . The Gamebrakers make this game unique , and separates it from the rest , i have accumulated more than 4,000,000 in one game , i recommend this game to all nba street fans .
 I 've been looking for this game for a while and now that I found it for $ 0.13 , I am especially pumped to add it to my collection . The game itself is great ; it is just how I remember it when I foolishly traded it in 5 years ago .
 So I got this game a few months ago and I was really impressed . First of all , the gameplay and tricks made it such a hilarious over the top feel , that you have to love it . The courts are all modeled nicely and have great lighting effects . I enjoyed also creating my own court where I could play . The street challenge is really deep and will keep you busy on the singleplayer for many weeks . Its also a ton of fun just to play against your friends and see who can score more gamebreakers and points . Player models as well as animations all look and run smoothly . My only negative points are the announcer may get a little annoying after awhile as does the limited soundtrack . But nonetheless , this is a definite pick up for any basketball fan who does n't mind not playing a simulator .
 Pros
 After 2 years since Volume 2 , E.A. releases a very worthy successor , NBA Street Vol 3 is definitely worth your hard earned money.Overall , Vol 3 is a must have for hoops fans , both casual and hardcore . It has enough new additions to warrant a buy even if you have volume 2 . The first thing I noticed is the upheavel in graphics . This game , putting it mildly , makes Vol 2 look like old school . The courts , the new dunk animations , the new motion captured moves , the teriffic new courts , and the best lookin ' b ` ball game I 've ever layed my eyes on . Vol 3 's grittier , darker look may be a downer to some , but one could never knock the time spent on it 's graphical prowess . But the game 's visual is not without faults however ... For still some strange reason , Vol 3 does NOT support HD Tv 's , widescreen is implimented thankfully , but HD support should be standard for every XBOX game , E.A. seems to be waiting for XBOX 2 ? Hmm , maybe next year . But even without HD , it still looks great , and most people with regular TV 's will also be right at home.The gameplay is a bit similar as last year , with the exception of a few minor differences . The big addition for XBOX is the addition of online play with XBOX Live . Collectively , you can play up to 5 other players online or 3 if you have 2 buddies to play at home with . 3 on 3 with each person controlling every player is quite a feat . Although it 's early on , and I expect things to get busy online at first , I did n't notice extreme lag , but I did not play it at a peak hour so no final word how this game will really play online . NBA Live 2005 seems to continue to have issues online , so I was surprised how this game played a bit better with no lag.Don ' t have XBOX Live ? No problem . You can play up to 4 players with 4 xbox controllers . How cool is that ? Multiplayer is where it 's at and this game has it all for everyone . And do n't think the game wo n't keep you busy , the street challenge mode will keep you busy for months.Gone away is the `` freestyle '' stick , but do n't let the game fool you , it 's still there , they just changed the name to `` trick stick '' . However , the trick stick allows you to do certain moves not while just dribbling , but also on defense , while shooting and dunking , passing , and even blocking shots . The more you use the `` trick '' stick the more points you score . Some killer moves like throwing the b ` ball at opponents head , off of backboards , between their legs and even off spectators in the crowd . And never threat , the infamous `` GameBreakers '' are all back only this time you can change a dunk on the fly while the gamebreaker is interacting with the trick stick . With all new dunks and player celebrations , you 're going to fall in love with this game from start to finish!The game also seems to have a `` home field advantage factor . '' The game requires you to create your `` home court '' in the street challenge mode . I noticed my players seemed to be more `` in the zone '' when I was playing on my home court I created compared to playing on other playa 's turf . Speaking of courts , vol 3 offers 12 realistic courts -LRB- indoor and outdoor -RRB- from actual locations throughout Europe and the U.S each with their own unique feel . Each can be modified with countless changes like court time , location , colors , spectators , lights , etc , all can be completely customize to your liking . Even better , all courts can be played at different parts of the day including night and eve.If the game disappoints , it 's the absence of Jordan and Barkley . This is a big knock for some , not as much for others , but the fact is , the greatest player that ever played the game is not in the game and it truly is a disappointment . I 'm sure you 'll come across others that you were hoping to see along with Jordan , but there are certainly some other big names missing too . I understand it has to do with licensing issues but weirdly enough , Jordan was in NBA Street Vol 2 , very weird . But although missing the greatest player in NBA history is a big strike , the lineup is still amazing as a whole . Spud Webb , Walt Frazier , Kareem , Magic , Bird , just to name a few.To earn the dozens of old school ballers , you have to take your created baller and your amateur teammates -LRB- that you chose at the beginning of the game -RRB- through a virtual season in street challenge mode . Take your baller all the way to earn your rights to play the best players today in the NBA and the old school guys too . You earn the rights to earn new players and of course earn your shoes . The game still lets you customize your player -LRB- boy or girl -RRB- to-boot , jeans , baggy shorts , nba sweats , sweatpants , jean shorts , tank tops , NBA jerseys , shoes , socks , loaded with tons of customization . Change your hairstyle , change your eyebrows , nose length and width , ear size , chin , etc. . . Word of warning , this game requires some serious playing time to get the items and attributes you want . It seems to take an eternity to earn skills and points to improve your player and get new ones . It took me a few games just to buy a new pair of shorts and shoes ! As you keep playing , you can give more power and ratings to your created player too as the competion gets more fierce and eventually you 'll run into NBA Players which really heats up the challenge.New to the game , is the `` morale '' factor of your teammates . Do they get along , are they battling it out after hours ? The morale factor keeps you updated between games on how your players are getting along . If you mix Rasheed Wallace and Reggie Miller on the same team , you might be more at risk for troubles . When the morale factor is low , players do n't play as a team and it might be time to get a new roster to keep the fire low.There is so much good about this game , I really ca n't say anything bad about it . I really think the two years off since Vol 2 is for the better as I consider this one of the best multiplayer games I 've ever played . Definitely pick up some friends or go at it online , because this is the best street ball ever and I can only see the series getting better as time goes on . It 's definitely worth your money .
 When I purchased this game for X-Box , my decision was based on the enjoyment that I got out of NBA Street 2 for PS2 . I figured that the 3rd installment would be at least as good as the 2nd . Believe me , it 's better . The graphics are very unique , much more three-dimensional than the previous version . I know that there are a lot of people that are disappointed that Michael Jordan is not included as a bonus player , but there are many bonus players , courts , items , etc. that keep the game fresh and as unique and original as possible . So if you 're in the market for a fun game that is n't too difficult to get the hang of , then this game is a great choice . It only takes a few pick-up games to get the hang of the controls , and the game just gets better and better after that . The only drawback that I have found with this game is the lack of camera angles . The available angles are either too close or too far away for my tastes , but I have gotten used to .
 This game can not be found in popular gaming stores because it was meant for the Xbox not the Xbox 360 . However , it is one of my boys ' favorite games and it will play on the Xbox 360 . The price was reasonable and shipping time was very fast . Overall great purchase !
 I 've played the predecessors of Street and honestly my favorite is Volume 2 but Volume 3 is quite fun and graphics are as good as they can be . Initially , I had a lot of trouble with the Street Challenge Mode but as I got a handle on it , the more dunkalicious fun I had . Highly Recommended .
 I love all the NBA Streets series . Missing Michael Jordan but who cares this game is still fun as hell . The graphics are beautiful . I 'm the King of this game , I rule this game . The best thing about is the slam dunk contest . So everybody get this game and do n't try to challenge cause I will defeat you 21 -LRB- Me -RRB- to Zip -LRB- U -RRB- .
 This game is awesome its got TON 'S of characters such as the beastie boys.I love this game.The only bad thing about it is that fruity dj cucumber ... whatever everything else is good!BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!! -LRB- :
 this game is so cool and its better than street 2 . it has cool graphics
 True this game is similar to vol 2 , however I ca n't decide if it 's easier or harder than vol 2 . I found that game play with the trick stick is alot more fluid than you 'd imagine . It comes with more tricks as well since you get a different trick with all 8 directions of the stick -LRB- and that 's without using the turbo buttons -RRB- But as easy as this is it becomes really difficult during game breakers as you have to pull off the moves yourself with this stick . If you try to do to many tricks at once , you simply fall and do n't get you gamebreaker . You also have to remember to pass mid dunk otherwise your the only one that dunks the ball . Besides this flaw stealing is way to easy this time around no matter how good your handles are . Power also has a big impact on this version . If your not very strong I found it 's more difficult to get a dunk off in traffic . The only other negative thing I can think of is that the street legend and earning skills took a turn for the worse . Vol 2 was easy to see where to go and what you had to do to get better . This time around your given a pick of different contests to choose from at various locations including your home court . I 've found that choosing the wrong one does n't get you hardly and `` street credit '' which is needed to play bigger events . You only have 7 weeks to earn street credit and build your attributes . I 'm in the middle of week 4 and only have 422 street credit and avg . 40 points in most categorys and have n't lost a game yet -LRB- 43-0 -RRB- . In Vol 2 you knew how many points you 'd get before you started playing somewhere . Since I mentioned it before earning money for attributes was fine in vol 2 since it went fast and your player got up to speed with everyone else , but v3 only lets you buy 1 point at a time and since they range in value it incredibly difficult to max out any one specific category . Do n't even bother buying shoes or anything else , since they do n't help you in the long run you 'll be wasting your time and money -LRB- did I mention that you have to buy players to add to your team and not just get them after you beat them , this gets way to pricy too -RRB- . All in all the game play is really fun , sometimes repetative , but really fun . My only hope is that as I progress it gets better and easier . I guess I was simply expecting alot more and hoped they would change the broken parts -LRB- e.g. tricks , graphics -RRB- not the good parts too -LRB- e.g. game breakers , street legend , atributes -RRB- . Here are my final thoughts : Game play
 ToonStruck - graphic adventure - Rare Retail BoxToonstruck is a fun , cartoon-style graphic adventure that is similar in some respects to Sam & Max from LucasArts , but this one has a live actor , Christopher Lloyd -LRB- Back to the Future , etc. -RRB- interacting with the cartoon environment . As it is a third person perspective adventure it is Lloyd 's character , Drew Blanc , that you manipulate on screen.Fluffy Fluffy Bun Bun ShowThe video introduction quickly sets the scene . Animator , Drew Blanc , as the name suggests , does exactly that when he is asked by his boss to come up with lots more cute bunnies to build on the success of the Fluffy Fluffy Bun Bun Show . With an overnight deadline Drew is uninspired and he falls asleep at his desk only to be rudely awakened at four o'clock in the morning by Fluffy Fluffy Bun Bun on the television and a storm raging outside . In the next instant Drew is mysteriously transported to the cartoon world of Cutopia where all is not well.The evil Count Nefarious -LRB- with the voice of Tim Curry in another suitably menacing role -RRB- of the Malevolands has invented a flying machine called the malevofier and is spreading his vileness throughout Cutopia , creating a wasteland and turning the normally cute and happy characters BAD . Before he can return to his own world Drew must help the Cutopians reverse the effects of the malevofier by finding the necessary items to create a cutifier.In this first , and major , part of the game Drew is accompanied , and sometimes aided , by Flux Wildly , Drew 's favourite cartoon creation . Flux is a delightfully sarcastic purple thingy with glasses -- at least , I assumed they were glasses , though whenever he removed them his eyebrows went as well . As with Max , from Sam & Max , Flux can also be ` used ' to do things in the game . In the second part , though , Drew is pretty much on his own.Cartoon anticsIf you have ever watched the Saturday morning cartoon shows -- not the ` serious ' and , dare I say it , dreary mechanical action ones that seem to prevail nowadays , but the fun ones like Bugs Bunny and The Road Runner -- then you will enjoy the way this game captures and sends up many elements of those shows . The scene-setting classical music pieces will be instantly familiar even if you do n't know what they are , as will the slightly warped style of backgrounds . With zany characters , much of the humour also captures the essence of those cartoons which always seemed to me to operate on two levels
 Very Cool Involved teen game . Has a lot of things you have to do to unlock other secrets in the game . Lots of Fun !
 This is nice . . Why is it so rare that a game , a format that we literally can put as much stuff into as our imagination can hold , so often falls flat in the creativity department , relying on tired old familiarities instead of pushing the envelope ? Toonstruck is a rallying cry against this . . The developers manage to pack more cartoon/human puch then cool world could ever muster up . . Christopfher Lloyd has got to be one of the best video game actors ever , and is perfect in the role of the troubled artist who is transported to a cartoon world in which he has to figure his way out of . . Get it to be reminded of the creativity and imagination lying dormant in this genre . .
 This is a great adventure Game !!! The mix of toons with a living person is not that great , but the gameplay is excelent ! Lot of crazy things going on , and lot of laughs too!You need to play it to see what I mean !
 I played this game when I was a kid and enjoyed it . I only wish they would redo the game to work on modern computers or create a sequel .
 This game is far too under-rated . I recommend you purchase this if you can find it .
 If you like RPGs and have played many then this is right up there with Neverwinter Nights . The story is really cool with great support characters and plenty of options for how to develop your character 's fighting style . There are a variety of hand-to-hand , support , weapons , transformation , and magic styles to choose from and to build up . Switching between styles is not difficult at all and can be even more fun if you really get creative with which set of styles you use in each battle . There are tons of side quests and the romance options are a trip . My only complaint is that you can not build your own character 's look and you have to choose from a set of pre-made characters with their pre-determined starter packages . So if you want to start with a specific fighting style then you have to choose a specific looking character . Hopefully JE2 will be different in that respect . Still , this does n't hinder your ability to change course in your martial arts training .
 I just finished this game and recommend it for RPG fans & those who enjoyed KOTOR -LRB- did n't we all ? -RRB- . I think the game 's best attribute is the graphics and the unique ghost & demon designs . Like Fable , it does start off slow -LRB- plot development/training , etc. -RRB- , but once your main character begins his/her quest , the game really takes off . While in-combat controls are occasionally problematic and the dialogue is a bit over-done -LRB- ca n't we just choose the good or bad path & be done with it ? -RRB- , the graphics and the not-knowing-what-the-next-level-will-bring kept me interested . Imagine KOTOR 's gameplay in the context of Asian mythology -- Very satisfying !
 This game has not only one of the best combat systems in any game , but the graphics are too beautiful for words . And the story will keep you wanting to play the game for the duration . No matter what type of gamer you are you have to buy this game .
 A latter-day Knight of the Old Republic for those who either do n't follow or do n't care about Star Wars . This game excels in certain areas where its predecesor misses out . With an in-depth story-line that can change and twist according to your own responses and actions and a more involved fighting style , this game is sure to retain a special place among the XBOX greats .
 Bioware has once again shown their stuff in making Jade Empire . I was torn in how to rate it exactly , the game itself is really fun , using aspects for its battle system from Knights , only making it real time . Different strategies come into play , and each style has its pros and cons . Graphics are solid and beautiful . You see wind blowing grass and clothes . Detail is solid , and animations are smooth and clean . I have yet to see in problems with lag or clipping issues . Controls are easy to use , and customizable . So it wo n't be hard to suit them to your needs.The major problem though , is that the game seems to end quickly . Even with doing all the side quests and spending time just leveling up . It takes only 15-20 hours to beat if you just skim through most of it . Another issue I had is that the camera would sometimes zoom in when I moved by walls during battle and in town movement . This can be annoying in battle , because you ca n't see and have no idea where things are . The sounds are decent , with music and full voiceovers for all characters . Though the music gets repetitive , and though this is me nitpicking , some of the character voices just get irritating.Besides that though , this is a great game for the Xbox , and a must have for any RPG fan . If you do n't mind it being short , then there is lot to be found in Jade Empire .
 Mpst rpg 's come from japan , and while japanese rpg 's are good , I wish they 'd stop cluttering up the entire screen during battles with a menue system . -LRB- for example
 Great Bioware game . I 've liked almost everything Bioware puts out . If you like Jade Empire , you 'll love the Mass Effect series !
 I bought the for a friend and as far as I know it works fine .
 From the people who brought us Knights of the Old Republic comes another genre-blending game with a fabulously twisting plot . If you own an Xbox , you should own this game . It is not only the best Action RPG on the Xbox but one of the best RPGs played in recent memory.For those who have played KOTOR , this game will be instantly familiar . At the offset , you pick a character and are thrust into a world of moralities . Unlike KOTOR , the morality system is a little more complex for the most part . Instead of focusing on good and evil , your character has the choice of being endlessly helpful , understanding and tolerant of everyone -LRB- in other words believes in the power of the human spirit -RRB- or someone who reveres strength . As an example of this strength concept , there is a decision early on about a dam that is open and has caused problems for a town because the sailors are land locked . A wine merchant wants the dam to remain open so he can make a killing off of the sailors . If you follow the Way of the Open Palm you would probably close the dam so that the town can prosper in what is should be doing . If you follow the Way of the Closed Fist , on the other hand , would decide that if the town were strong they will survive this current hurdle and that it is only that , a hurdle . It gets a little more tricky than that and does open some areas for roleplaying your character and deciding what you would really do in that situation . Bioware is also wonderful at making you think about your decision as they give you new information just as soon as you make a decision that might change how you feel about the situation.My only complaint with the system is that while they say that the two paths are different from looking at things as good and evil , there are still some instances where there is a `` good '' and an `` evil '' way of doing things . I might have rationalized why I would be doing something that way , yet I would get points from the side I did n't want because it was clearly delineated as `` good and evil choice . '' So , that 's a bit frustrating given that their system is n't supposed to be good and evil . But , overall the system works well and really makes you think.I did n't really care for KOTOR because of the battle system and that is probably the reason I 'm enjoying Jade Empire much more . The fighting system is simple yet deep . As you progress you will learn different martial arts style that you can map to the D-pad for quick and easy access . And you will be constantly changing your styles as the techniques to defeat enemies will constantly evolve . Some monsters are immune to certain attacks so you will have to experiment and find the best ways of devastating your foes.On the simple side , the combat is really about rock , paper scissors . You have a quick attack and a time-consuming attack -LRB- and a knock back attack that really only helps when you are surrounded and need some space -RRB- . When someone blocks you use your time consuming attack , otherwise you mostly use your quick attacks to offset their own long attacks . It 's pretty simple and easy to used to . However , some battles can become a button masher either way you look at it . But it 's still exhilarating and fast with many ways of deciding how you want to play . Do you want to focus on using weapons , martial arts , magic , transformations ? A little of the above ? It 's all up to you.The game is beautiful most of the time . The art style is impeccable and really helps create a full-flesh universe . Since it 's based on oriental myth , it does n't take place in the Orient as we know it but a mythical world that incorporates themes from oriental culture . Because of this , the desiginers are free to create whatever their imagination can make . And it 's beautiful . There are some places that I stood for awhile and just looked because it was so surreally beautiful and soothing . It made me wish that sometimes our world was n't so industrialized and that we could go back to what was a more simple beauty . It was that affecting . However , sometimes , the backgrounds look painted on . Some of the hills and areas that act as blockades for where you ca n't go are n't that well designed . Also my character 's body type makes me laugh because his pecs are super large and his abs are indented in his body that I laugh whenever I see it.The game moves impeccably fast as well . Your character runs and I mean runs through the areas . The framerate is great . But , like KOTOR before it , the game stutters sometimes when you are running and turning the camera . When the camera pans , the game flutters sometimes as it tries to take in everything that happens . In battles , the game hardly ever stutters . And the battles can end up having a good dozen or so enemies fighting you and your partner so they can get pretty hectic and the graphics engine does a great job keeping the motion moving.Aurally , the game is a treat . You will find some cameo voice actors that are immediately familiar -LRB- look for John Cleese in a hysterical role -RRB- . The music is well done and has a wonderful oriental bent to it -LRB- of course -RRB- . Also , Bioware hired a real linguist to help create the fictional language used in the game . It is very familiar to oriental language but is n't real . It was created solely for this game . And that 's amazing.Unfortunately , my problem with the dialogue in the game is the same problem I had with KOTOR . It 's great and all but all too often the plot developments and dialogue becomes a `` talking head '' type situation where anyone who has something important to say gets a close up of their face while their lips move and the dialogue is heard . This is unfortunate for me because I get impatient sometimes and will just read the subtitles and skip through most of their dialogue . It 's never `` dynamic '' in cutscenes like in some RPGs I 've played -LRB- hands down the best use of dialogue in an RPG goes to FFX that used dialogue to move the plot but it was n't a novel dialogue , it was like movie dialogue -RRB- . The dialogue in Jade Empire is sometimes like a novel . So , for those who are n't interested in talking heads delivering dialogue this might get annoying after a time . But the dialogue is genuinely well voiced and excellent.My only other complaint is the load times . While not as annoying constant as Fable where each and every small zone no matter how small had to be loaded for a good 5-10 + seconds , it still is a pain when you have to go through zones for a quest . For instance , in the beginning of the game you have to go through the town to the school -LRB- a load screen -RRB- to get a quest , go back to town -LRB- load screen -RRB- to talk to someone , then back to the school -LRB- load screen -RRB- . And it 's unfortunate because the actual quest takes maybe a minute , but a good 20 seconds of the time is spent in load screens . That 's a uncharacteristic load time though as generally the areas are big and do n't usually require many loads . Although another incident where it is very noticeable is in an arena combat situation where before and after each arena battle it has to load for a good 5-10 seconds . The kicker is , some of the arena battles are over in about a minute or much much less and yet you have to deal with two load screens comprising a good 10-20 seconds . So , in some areas it can be annoying and definitely pulls you out of the game when you should be pulled further in . And , it becomes especially annoying considering that games like Halo 2 are seamless after the original load.Overall , though , this game is gold . It 's perfectly plotted and paced and has Bioware 's trademark in excellence stamped all over it . It ranks as one of my favorite games this year so far along with God of War and Psychonauts . I would definitely recommend buying this game . There are some problems that I have noted but you know regardless of the problems , this is an excellent game with an excellent story . And , at 22 + hours , this adventure is worth taking . ** NOTE
 I 've loved most of the Bioware games over the last several years . Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic , Neverwinter Nights , the Baldur 's Gate series and all the spin offs based on that same engine by Black Isle . So while I had n't really tracked the development or feature set of Jade Empire , and I have n't been playing many games at all the last year or so - I decided to pick it up.So I got it home , tried it out , and got into the old pattern of a week-long , late-night playing spree until I reached the end.It was good.The characters and writing were pretty decent . The quests were pretty varied -LRB- although I got really sick of ghosts and spirits by the end -RRB- . The dialog was funny at times . You had choices about whether to be good or evil throughout the game . It definitely had an Eastern flavor and philosophy throughout . There were some really original segments and nice cinematic sequences and some fairly well-done plot twists . But overall I 'd say the story and characters were just decent - not as good as an average novel . Not quite as good as Knights of the Old Republic . And not innovative - still plagued by the same issues that have affected previous games in the genre -LRB- e.g. no real freedom to make choices to avoid big plot quests or go in your own direction , not much subtlety in the good/evil choices and rewards given for being either as good or as evil as possible , smashing barrels and boxes and urns around towns and houses to find loot without any consequences -RRB- . Where the game really shined was in combat . Your character is skilled in Kung Fu , and starts with 2 fighting `` styles '' that he or she can switch between at any time . Each style is relatively simple in it 's own right . There 's a basic attack . You can sequence 2 or 3 attacks in succession before needing to pause a second . You can block . You can `` power attack '' which takes a second to warm up and leaves you open to regular attack - but can break through an enemy 's block . And there 's an area attack that knocks foes down but does n't really hurt them . And you can roll and flip around to evade enemies . That 's it . So basic strategy is `` rock , paper , scissors . '' Block beats regular attack - power attack beats block - regular attack beats power attack -LRB- during warm up -RRB- . So in the beginning of the game you get used to this strategy against one opponent or a few at a time . But before long you start learning new styles . There are new `` martial '' styles -LRB- different forms of kung fu -RRB- , there are support styles which tend to hinder opponents and set them up for finishing combinations , there are magic styles that usually let you blast enemies at range , there are weapon styles , and there are transformation styles -LRB- which let you become a big baddie of some sort for a short while to kick some butt -RRB- . Each of these styles has the same categories of moves described above ... but very different versions . E.g. with the dire flame magic style , the basic attack fires a small flaming projectile at your enemy , the power attack fires a large flaming projectile that immolates the enemy for a time and makes it impossible for him to attack back , and the area attack summons a dragon to breath flame in the area.So the core mechanic of the game stays fresh throughout , since you 're continually collecting new styles , trying them out , learning their strengths and weaknesses , and investing your limited pool of points into improving the ones you like best . Then at some point you start to really experiment with the `` hamonic combinations '' in which you have to use a support or magic style , get someone with the slow power attack , then quickly switch to a martial style and hit them with another power attack to finish them off and produce a power up . This can be fun , and it very efficient when fighting large groups of enemies at once.I have to admit - at times I really felt like a bad-ass kung fu master during the game . Start with my `` Flawless '' staff style , then switch to `` Spirit Thief '' to suck up some of their spiritual energy , then flip over their back and use `` Thousand Cuts '' for some quick punches , then finally to `` Stone Immortal '' to encase my enemies in rock . The switching between styles is very fast and natural - and before too long I became very familiar with many of the styles , and I could recognize and name the styles that foes were using against me . This really brought scenes of kung fu movies to mind such as `` Ha - you do n't think you can beat me using `` Leaping Tiger '' style do you ? '' or `` Ahh , Tempest style . You must be a master who follows the way of the closed fist - and I must take care to avoid your vortex area attacks . `` And in the end - that 's what makes a game memorable . The way it made you feel when you were playing it . This game made me feel like a Kung Fu master in a way that straight fighting games with never could.-Mike Arcuri
 I brought this game for my sister for Christmas . I called her on her day off from work and was told - `` Ca n't talk now , I am playing . '' I was surprised by her reaction . She does n't normally sit down and play a game and then finish it so quickly . So when she brought it over for me to play , I was looking forward to it . Needless to say , I was not let down . I spent all my free time immersed in a wonderful story that had me in a trance . The beauty , the story , the adventure . I highly recommend this game for all , it was a truly spectular pleasure to play .
 I thought this was an overall great game . Great storyline , though a bit confusing and disappointing/sad in the end . The Only thing I really criticize was the fighting and the number of styles and how they are earned . The Buttons for fighting have been seen a million times . You press one or two buttons -LRB- mostly one -RRB- and thats how you defeat everyone . The other thing is that when they said you would learn transform skills by fighting many of a creatures , I assumed you 'd be fighting more than one or two before the game activates it at a planned moment . I expected to be able to into a wilderness and find many many creatures that respawn and attack again . Also , there were too few weapon styles . You end up using only 1 or 2 kinds of weapons . My last criticism is the lack of things you could buy . More armor , more weapons , less gems . I know I 've made the game sound terrible by now but truely , great storyline , excellent graphics and sound , average stats system , good variety of styles and ememies , etc. . If you like RPG 's , buy it , you 'll like it .
 Here 's an example of how good this game is . I bought an xbobx for this game . Its just that worth it.once the menu screen shows up on your screen , I promise , you will be immediatly anchanted . The music is so deep and overwhelming , sorrowful and yet noble . And the visuals , although choppy at very rare times , are heavenly.When you start out , you will of course pick which character you want to use for your adventure . There are plenty to choose from , ranging from fast-fisted warriors to huge barbarians . This just begins one of the greates aspects of the game - character customization . True , it may seem simplistic at first , but through the game you can gain so many styles and techniques that for one moment your character will be beating the heck out of his opponents with brute force , and then seamlessly meld into movments as graceful yet deadly as Crane.Magic aspect aside , the martial arts are fairly true-to-life . For example , if you are using a longsword , the stance has you holding it above your head -LRB- note that not all styles have you doing this , just the one in Jade Empire -RRB- . Now , when fighting someone with a spear , you might want to switch to either hand-to-hand or a weapon with a longer range . This is because the way that you hold your sword , its takes an extra 1/10 of a second -LRB- which in martial arts is precious time -RRB- . The enemies spear can take advantage of that , and then your dead.You start off in your martial arts school . When I saw this , i could n't believe how beautiful it was . It was so peacful and enchanting . Even subtle details were payed attention to , such as the students going through REAL forms and excersises from Tai-Chi Chuan and the Lohan system.The names are great . Furious Ming . Wu the Lotus Blossom . Gao the Greater -LRB- and lesser -RRB- . Segacious Zu . I mean c'mon - thats just classic.And perhaps most importantly - the story . Thats right people , there IS something MORE important than graphics -LRB- although Jade Empire 's are phenomanal -RRB- . This is an RPG after all . At first , it seems pretty formulated . I was a little dissapointed . But , do n't lose heart . Very soon some amazingly creative and origional writing comes into play . The story is great.Sadly , there is one thing that I just really do not like about this game at all . For starters , there is the Airship transportation . Its just a remake of Space invaders with a Chinese twist . Very big letdown there.Secondly , all of the close-ups can get tiresome . I mean , with envoirnments so beautiful , I want to see more than just some warriors face , no matter how cool he/she looks.But , despite these factors , I still give this game a 5 out of 5 . And here is why.Bad things about the game - 2Good things about the game - 100 + Bottom line ; If you have an XBOX , then there is no excuse not to have Jade Empire .
 Well I beat this tonight after non-stop gameplay these last several days -LRB- I 'd say about 20-30 hours of gameplay with side-quest completion -RRB- . I must say I quite enjoyed it and recommend it to anyone who liked KOTOR . They are similar in a lot of aspects , but at the same time gives you a fresh new RPG with many new things to discover.The side-quests are quite enjoyable and proved to be much more creative and thought out than the `` help with this person 's problem and then give them money to get back on their feet . '' The story was also very good and their is a twist similar to the one in KOTOR , but completely caught me off-guard . It really did pull the story together though.I will give this a little review in the aspects of the game for those interested -- GAMEPLAY -- Decent gameplay . I 'd say the actual progression of character is very cool . As you play and become stronger you get more power to your weapons and styles of fighting . The voice acting is superb and throws you right back into the classic witty KOTOR dialogue we love so much . There is humor , action , and story . The only downfall is there really is no love story . The combat is a little repetetive after awhile but as your weapons are upgraded , the more your enemies are decapitated and spirt blood from their necks , giving the game a kind of Kill Bill aspect . Very cool for those who love the splatter of blood . The characters are also memorable and stick with you throughout the game , each with their own story and purpose in the game . The only hinderence in gameplay is that it sometimes would glitch on itself when you talked to someone and the words did n't come out and then it would freeze up . This probably happened 4 or 5 times throughout my gameplay . Although this could just be an effect of my Xbox getting older.GAMAEPLAY
 Jade Empire is a third person RPG has an immersive storyline and lots of interesting sidequests . If you take the time to read all the diologue from as many charachters as you can find and also do as many or all the sidequests , its about a 15-20 hour game . I finished the game in about 4 days . But you could easily stretch out the game into 3 weeks or more . There 's about 5 different types of fighting styles that your player can use and upgrade that are grouped into different catagories . There 's Martial Style which is a unarmed fighting.There 's Weapon style with swords , axes , spears , etc. . There 's Magic syle.There 's Support style , example , slow enemy or paralize . And finally there 's Transformation style . Also Most Ghosts or Spirit enemies are immune to swords , spears , axes or weapon styles.Demons are immune to support styles and some martial styles . You realy have to experiment to see which enemies are immune to particular styles . The fighting system is very easy , its free form you can lock on and switch targets by pressing left or right trigger , or free target by pressing both triggers at same time . You can perform whats called harmonic combos by starting with certain styles & ending with another style.The charachters target ring will turn yellow when you have started one . Although its possible never having to use a harmonic combo . I beat the game never doing one.I loved the White Demon Martial style its good for taking out ghosts spirits , I wasnt a big fan of Legendary strike it didnt seem as strong for some reason and I had it maxed out.There 's tons of choices to make as far as fighting styles go in this game.You get to upgrade your fighter as you progress in the game . The choices you make you will either choose Open Palm -LRB- good -RRB- or Closed Fist -LRB- evil -RRB- . To get Closed fist points you do have make evil type choices.Sometimes they will try to trick you into thinking that it isnt evil or a bad choice.The dam for example by destroying the dam controls you continue the towns suffering and make it a continued haven for drunk sailors and harlots , thats what the merchant wants , he sells wine . But by fixing the dam you heal a town thats already been suffering for awhile already , by renewing there shipping abilities and access to food -LRB- fish -RRB- . But first do all sidequests and xtras before fixing or breaking the dam , you 'll greatly need to.You have alot of different power up abilities , that you can obtain by reading scrolls or searching containers for them , or buy the upgrades from different merchants , or you get certain fighting styles by either doing open palmed -LRB- good -RRB- or closed fist -LRB- evil -RRB- choice from certain teachers . Its not too hard of a game with the right fighting styles you can be deadly.The fighting system is pretty smooth free form , you can sidestep , jump over the enemy hit em in the back , & block most attacks , pretty much free form do anything thers 's no real restrictions.After defeating certain demons you then can Transform into there image & there fighting style and kill your enemies . The Jade Golem or Red Minister are very powerful transformation styles , but you dont get either until later in the game , definatly save some upgrade points for one of those styles.The graphics are pretty good in this game nice details and they get better as you go.I think there are three different endings , I saw 2 of them just remember to save before the important decisions & battles.Before you start the game you can choose what character you wan na be either Strong Style , Magic Style , Fast Style , or Balanced style . You gain followers as you progress in the game that can either fight with you or be a support where they wont fight , but they will replenish your Health , Chi , & Focus while you are in battle . You can have only one charachter with at a time , but you can switch them out at any time.Some negatives about this game are the load times while doing quests , especialy in the Imperial City there are lots of load screens when you go to different parts of the city it can get a little annoying.Also when you talk to anybody the talking animation isnt that great or interesting , like other reviewers stated I also found myself quickly reading the text & not looking at the ` talking heads ' . But for the most part definatly one of the better RPG 'S out.If you like KOTOR part 1 , Morrowind or Fable.Definatly try this game out . Here 's some good strong powerful style choices for an Open palmed -LRB- good -RRB- player . Martial style
 This is a fantastic RPG . I 've played Knights of the Old Republic and Mass Effect , other offerings from BioWare . I decided to go back and pick up Jade Empire since I could get it at a bargain price and it was well reviewed . Even being a last gen game , it is well worth your time . You can tell that BioWare was looking to improve upon KOTOR , so though the mechanics of the game are somewhat similar , there are some notable differences . The inventory is kept very lean . The party is kept very small , in fact you can just set your follower to ` support ' mode and they essentially sit back and give you a boost while you do all the fighting . Instead of managing different things like boosts , attack style , and weapon during combat , the game is set up more like Fable , where you map some styles to the d-pad and can switch between them during combat . The story is engaging , and though there are not a lot of side quests , the ones that are there are fun and interesting . I 'm not quite through my first run yet , but it looks like it 's going to be close to a 30-hour game . Plays great on 360 .
 After creating the 2003 game of the year , what would you expect from Bioware ? Well it 's not what I saw coming , passing up the chance to make the sequel to KOTOR they decided to finally make a game that they 've imagined for nearly a decade , an RPG in an ancient-China like land with plenty of kung-fu elements.Jade Empire is not your standard RPG , it 's far from it , but with it 's improvements on the genre it very well may become the standard . The first noticeable difference in the gameplay is the innovative fighting style allowing you to fight in real time , but it 's a change for the better . It 's truly new feel is based around the d-pad , setting a different fighting style to each direction so that while in battle it is simple to change between them . This allows for many moves with various twists making it easier to navigate attacks . Bioware was correct in saying that for the player to be a kung-fu master they must feel like one as well , this is what the system of fighting does over a turn-based so common to RPGs.I will not ruin the story , but it leads for action-packed sequences that will have you on the edge of your seat . You will easily find your self immersed in the story of this world . If you have played `` Knight 's of the Old Republic '' you will know that Bioware 's storytelling is top-notch and they only improve with Jade Empire 's plot . The scenes have been pondered and perfected , the mythology is in-depth and brings an incredible realism to the world , and the architecture and newly-developed language are the icing on the cake.On your quest there is plenty of customization available , mini quests to go upon , and lands to explore , all the while your choices having consequences leading you down the path of The Open Palm or The Closed Fist . You also constantly upgrade your character with the experience you gain over time , mastering different ways of fighting.I have not enjoyed a game this much in a long while , and even if your are not a fan of the RPG genre this game can draw you in . It is an almost certain for RPG of the Year and a definite contender for Game of the Year.Bioware 's attention to detail , the over 320 minor characters have full voice-overs , and superb gameplay earn Jade EmpireA Bliss of 9
 I still love this game . BioWare is number one when it comes to gameplay and story . There are so many gameplay options , and for its time , the graphics are fantastic . If you are a true RPG fan , you have to play this game , it 's not your typical `` fight the bad guys '' game , and there is a plethora of side quests . KOTOR fans who have not played this game yet
 How could you NOT like Jade Empire ! Seriously . This game is awesome on so many levels . So awesome ... that I 'm not explaining it . Just play the game . 5 stars .
 Great Game . Graphics and music are beautiful . Owned this game before , traded it in and then bought again . It is worth owning . Great Seller . Highly reccommend .
 i recently purchased this game just to try it out . I really enjoyed it . The story is great and the gameplay is awesome . I know it is an older game , but it still has replay value .
 I loved this game ! Character diversity and the art were wonderful . I very highly recommend this game . It was so good my husband and I fought over our turns to play !
 Very underrated game that a lot of people glossed over in the xbox era . I highly recommend people buy this if they enjoy RPG 's .
 Buy this game ! This game is by the creators of KOTR , Mass Effect and Dragon Age . Even though it is an original xbox it has good graphics for the time it was made and is just as good as KOTR .
 The short version
 I have to give Bioware another round of applause for yet another expertly crafted RPG . Jade Empire features a fully immersive world with its own history and culture and great characters that really jump out at you and become memorable . The story is great and of course , features one of Bioware 's usual twist endings . I honestly did not want this game to end . Some people are saying that the combat is too simple but it works for me . I do n't think that a rock/paper/scissors type system takes away from any of the difficulty -LRB- I played the game on hard -RRB- . Besides , it feels good having a combat system that is easy to use and yet still lets you pull off attacks that look impressive and difficult . Another aspect I truly enjoy is the dialogue option . It 's fun playing through the game multple times , choosing new things to say and different paths to follow . Jade Empire is honestly a very well thought-out , well executed game . The characters are dynamic , the storyline impressive , and the overall gameply is fun and exciting . I would recommend this game for any RPG fan .
 I bought this game in hopes of killing some time and hopefully having some kind of fun . What I got was an awesome adventure that stayed with me . It 's a single player action RPG but it 's not like the others I 've played.The fighting is intense . The story is awesome and it makes the combat all the more exiting . I found myself imagining that the people and monsters I was fighting were real . I could n't help but be immersed in the game and the outcome of the battles.This game allowed me to make choices that changed the course of the story constantly . Weather it was what was said , who I chose the fight , the missions I took and even the lies I told.The story and side stories unfolded excellently , and the freedom I had to shape the story was even better . I was extremely satisfied with this game . I recommend it to ANYONE who enjoys single player games.Simply a great game ...
 Let 's face it . The Xbox RPG landscape is pretty barren . Hyped hits such as games like Fable and Sudeki were disappointing , and in the ladder 's case , even lousy . Prior to Jade Empire 's release , the only real RPG worth mentioning is KOTOR -LRB- Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic -RRB- , made by Bioware , who of course made jade empire as well.Let me make this crystal clear
 ok so right off the bat
 this game is better then knights of the old republic gameplay wise . but it is more fun to play star wars then asia gameplay . this game is way to short unlike knights which took 20 hours this takes a small 12 hours to finish . for noobs it mite take about 20 . i would give this game a 9/10 but i cant because you can only give it out of 5 stars . the game has flaws where your desicions of things to say in conversations dont always give you good points or bad points when you same something kind or evil . also it is literally impossible to get fully good or fully evil until the end of the game because of the lack of side missions . also it doesnt let you randomly kill innocent people like knights . there are only 5 cities you get to explore on this game unlike knights where you get about 8 . But this game is very fun to play . the characters are great and the fighting styles are fun to get . this is a good game and if you liked knights or fable you will like this one .
 I have played this game for a good couple hours -LRB- 6 + -RRB- in it 's full form , not demo , and I have to say that this game is amazing ! Great story , fun fighting styles and easy to get the hang of . Beautiful graphics as well ! I am looking forward to getting my hands on a copy to play beyond where I got before.I would suggest you buy this game .
 I played the demo of Jade and it was awesome ! You can do martial arts and weapons and for some reason the game is rated mature and has little blood ! Its very cool so you should get the game !
 This game is exellent in every way , the lush graphics and scenery , the choice talking , and the fighting style , this lives up to Knights Of The Old Republic 1 & 2 by far ! Way to go Bioware !
 Jade Empire is going to be one of the best RPG 's of all time . The graphics are phenominal with mindblowing visuals . The sound is great and the game contains more than 300 voice overs . The fighting system is all new . It looks great and runs very fluently . The story of Jade Empire is based on Chinese myths . An evil ruler wants to take over all the nations and `` you '' have to stop him . This game is somewhat just like Fable , with all that upgrading your player . You upgrade your character by killing beasts and enemies . You also use magic and you change into beasts that make you kill them faster . So overall you should get this game and if you do n't ... WELL ... TO BAD !!
 I 've just finished with the second chapter and I can already tell you that it 's awesome . This game has a great storyline and combat controls that are easy to master , even for someone like me who * hates * games like Street Fighter . You wo n't feel a grind because battles happen every so often and there 's enough suspense to keep you moving from place to place . I would definitely recommend this if you 're a RPG fan . My only complaint is that there 's not enough customization for your character 's appearance - you 're stuck with the same clothes forever ! Besides that , this game is awesome .
 No complaints , But i could i have done without so much talking at times you wanted to just dive in and started fighting but overall good for me
 This is a great game to play . The graphics are well done , as well as the story line . This is truly a role playing game , and you can make many different decisions to truly make you in charge of what 's happening in the world of the game . Although the game is kind of short there are many things in the game you can do differently to make it interesting to replay the game . You can for example , play as a different kind of character , be good if you were evil or be evil if you were good , use different followers , and choose different characters to be at the minigame in the end . All in all this is a great game , and if blood is something that bothers you there is an option that lets you turn it off .
 Bioware has always made great RPGs across multiple gaming systems . This one is no exception . Many compare it to KOTOR , but I do n't have the luxury of playing that game . Even without comparison , this is still a well-written , well-presented RPG with only a few small shortcomings.The world is large and well-detailed , as are the characters presented within . There are multiple options for dialogue -LRB- standard replies and use of skills to influence decisions -RRB- , and character interaction features several famous voiceovers . The main storyline is extensive , and the side-quests available expand gameplay even further.Character creation and evolution is simple . There 's three attributes ; you can either start with a template character or custom-create one . Once you 're levelling up within the game , you choose points in the three stats and your available fighting techniques learned through the game . A choice of a dozen followers earned through the game can enhance these attributes.The story is very addicting . Subquests help flavor the storyline further , but are n't necessary to complete the main storyline , which contains its share of predictable and unpredictable plot turns . While there are two ways to play the game -LRB- good or evil , referred to as Open Palm or Closed Fist -RRB- , there is little difference in the outcome and very little else affected by this choice.The battle system is flashy and easy to understand . There are multiple difficulty levels , catering to play styles that are either story-intensive or battle-intensive . Techniques are learned that increase your range of abilities , and quick-change and combo systems provide for lots to master.Overall , despite the few shortcomings , I blazed through this game quickly , unable to put it down . The story , graphics , and music all played to make this a great experience , and replayability is still high even after the game 's complete .
 BioWare is certainly proving themselves an asset to Microsoft and the X-Box . Even if you did n't like KOTOR personally , you 've got to give them credit for creating a Star Wars RPG that was n't completely despised by fans . Jade Empire is a game that shows how nicely they 're polishing their abilities.Usually the good/evil -LRB- or compassion/indifference , which is a bit more accurate here -RRB- is interesting , but before now I 'd never been compelled to attempt both paths . Jade Empire presents you with enough hints to really make you curious about how the game changes depending upon your choices . Certainly there was nothing in Fable or even KOTOR that really made me that interested in finding out what the other path is like.The battle system is one of the fastest and most fluid I 've seen yet . Increasing your speed or damage in an ability makes a noticible difference , more and more so as you gain levels . There 's enough diversity in the different martial styles to keep them from getting monotonous , and I would n't assume at this point that I 've even found them all . There are only two weapon styles , long sword and staff , but they also move fluidly and fast . Certain enemies are immune to certain means of attack , so you ca n't depend on a single one to carry you through the game.BioWare is beginning to show some improvement with their graphics . Some of the textures are still too flat , but the movement is better and the colors are very rich and realistic . The character design is also more diverse and more interesting than KOTOR . Having six different starting characters to choose from is a definate plus , too.Where a game like this often flags is the plot -- such as Fable . JE does n't suffer that ill-begotten fate . The story is compelling , with some unexpected twists and turns . It has a great deal of depth , with interesting bits and peices about the history of the Empire scattered throughout . The makers of Fable claimed that the choices presented in their game left little room for a good story , but JE proves you can have your cake and eat it , too .
 Jade Empire - Circa 2005GOOD : - Good/Tight controls - Nicely balanced gameplay -LRB- some might think it 's to easy just go to the difficulty setting and crank up the difficulty -RRB- - Lots of different and interesting fighting styles to earn and choose from - An original story with some twists and turns for you to discover -LRB- by talking to people -RRB- . The story also has multiple endings -LRB- either good or bad outcome -RRB- - Variety of different locals to travel to -LRB- all done in nice detail -RRB- - Action RPG with lots of story -LRB- told through character dialogue -RRB- and real-time actionBAD : - Not a traditional RPG or a traditional beat-em-up -LRB- like Final Fight -RRB- , so it might upset people looking for more of either - Slightly liner gameplay - Dialogue trees might be to long for some that want more of an action game - Some complain of long loading times , but Star Wars
 This is my second copy of this game as my first copy had too much mileage on it to play correctly any longer . I think this is one of BioWare 's best titles ever . The story is very involving and changes slightly through the game based on choices you make . The combat and gameplay in general I would rate 9.5 out of 10 . It 's one of those games that never seems to get old regardless of the numerous times I have played it .
 This may not be Bioware 's best game and many people might even consider it to be the weakest link in their game franchise , but despite this I would still give this game a five star rating . The combat system is very engaging and fast paced and is a lot of fun . If you want a game that gives you an opportunity to simply beat down dozens of opponents at one time while being engaged in a very interesting world with a good storyline then this is probably a game you would enjoy . You can tell that when writing this game the developers put a lot of thought into it and did their research.The only real drawback in this game I would have to say is that your companions are n't as interesting as they tend to be in the other Bioware games . This could be just personal taste , but I just never could get as interested in them as the character from KOTOR , Mass Effect and Dragon Age .
 I like this game for its simplicity . The plot is pretty basic and I enjoyed the sidequests more than the main quest . The game is very similar to Knights of the Old Republic . You can play as a good character or a bad character . It would be nice if the actual gameplay lasted a little longer .
 This was an amazing game.The combat system is awesome and the storyline in very creative.Another interesting aspectof the game was that some of the characters speak in Tho Fan , a dialect of Chinese -LRB- do n't worry , it has subtitles -RRB- . However , the game largely lacked in longevity and kind of disapointed me when it ended.But I 've played and beaten it at least 10 times -LRB- no exagerations -RRB- and it only takes me 12 hours tops to go through it.All in all , do n't hesitate!Buy this game !!!!!! It 's amazing and you wo n't regret it !
 I 'm going to be up-front when I say that Bioware could put their name on a box of rocks , call it something like ` GeoBreaker ' , and I would buy it and proclaim it genius . Planescape
 I 'm not one to review games because , well , I think that most games do n't deserve to be reviewed . All the `` phenomenal '' games are great and all , but after playing this game I felt like I had just read a really good book . The story and character development that come along in the game as you play it through is amazing with beautiful scenery , history , and culture within the game as well . The game keeps track of how long you 've played and it said I had played a total of 19 hours to finish the game from start to end while doing whatever quests I got on the side . I really started to feel connected to the characters and now that it 's over I 'm actually a little depressed . Pathetic I know , and I 'm not really a huge fan of video games most the time , but this one was just ... different
 I just spent the last week playing Jade Empire , created by the developers of Knights of the Old Republic -LRB- KOTOR -RRB- . On two occasions , I started playing KOTOR and just could n't finish it -- poor battle system and I just got plain bored . No such thing with Jade Empire . Had a difficult time putting it down -LRB- unfortunately , I have to earn a living and had to go to work between gaming sessions -RRB- . It 's immersive , has beautiful graphics , and has an interesting twist in the storyline . As a girl gamer , I liked having the choice of being a -LRB- cool , tough and intelligent -RRB- female or male character AND having the ability to develop a love interest . -LRB- Sky 's hot . -RRB- As for the battles and arena fights , they 're challenging enough to keep a player on her or his toes . If you let the credits role through to the very end , you 'll hear some of the game characters speak as if they were real people acting in a film , similar to the end credits of Monsters , Inc. .
 Jade Empire is from the people of Bioware , who gave us such wonderful games as Star Wars KOTOR and Baldurs Gate II . These guys know how to tell a story.That being said , this is not a traditional rpg ... think of it as an action rpg . There is virtually no inventory , and you do not upgrade your follower characters . You do get to customize your character , and I will say that with the sheer amount of fighting styles on top of the good/evil/neutral paths , it has replay value.The fights are fast and fun , but the main reason to play the game is the story . Bioware creates a world that is just plain cool to travel through . You walk through the cities and talk to everyone just to find out more . I would stop and admire views , the graphics are wonderful . As with KOTOR , you just get pulled along by the story and you ca n't wait to see where it takes you .
 Jade Empire is an adventure Role Playing game in a complete fantasy world of magic , weaponry , and martial arts . You begin your journey as a young student of the martial arts after your village came under siege and your master was kidnapped by an unknown enemy . In your travels to locate your master , you discover that your homeland , The Jade Empire , has fallen into complete darkness and despair , incomparable to the idyllic environment of your village nestled away on the boarder . As you come to discover the mysteries of your heritage , and shed light on your darkened past , you find that you are destined for great things and that the very salvation of mankind depends upon you as the last Spirit Monk.The best thing about this game is its story , and I tried not to give too much of it away , but the story is far from being the only great thing about this game . In addition to fighting and leveling up numerous martial and magic styles , there are about a hundred side quests you can undertake which will determine the characteristics of the protagonist . In short , you can pursue one of two philosophical ways of life
 This and Star Wars : KOTOR II are the only RPG games that I like.This plays out alot like KOTOR does.I 'm pretty sure that they were both made by the same company.This game has an asian type of setting to it though , which makes it really awesome.The graphics are amazing , the music is top notch , characters are great and so is the voice acting.I highly recommend this game.Five Stars !
 bought for my daughter . She plays it some not as interested in this game as some of her other ps3 and xbox games . She does play it on occassion .
 I got this game from a family friend a couple years ago , it was in a bag filled with other RPG games for the Xbox . And I instantly fell in love with this one . I was worried about it being another cheesy kung-fu game , but my fear was quickly forgotten . I threw myself into the game without reading the handbook -LRB- with some games this can be complete suicide -RRB- and found that the controls were easy to learn . Very basic controls can get you through the game . The story line is a great tease , hinting at things and always showing you just enough to make you NEED to play that extra half hour . The areas are extremely interactive , you can smash things , read things , overhear conversations , talk to most people . There are tons of things to do , and lots of side quests . Throughout the game you gain a party of followers and are able to chat with them almost anytime . Some side quests and items you can only unlock if you talk to the people in your party . The man story line does n't have too much filler , yes you do have to fly and run between places a bit , but I feel that there was n't too much of that.I still ca n't get over how many side quests there are . If you ever get bored with the main story line or just ca n't figure it out , you can find a side quest around ever corner . I still have n't finished them all and I 've had this game for 5 years.The main story line is n't to linear , you go have a goal you have to meet , but there are several choices you can make to get there . You might need to do X , Y and Z , but for the most part you can do them in whatever order you want.The characters are nice as well , depending on the gender you choose , you can end up with a different love interest , or none at all . The only thing that bugged me was -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- if you picked a male you could end up with your childhood friend , which to me is a little too run of the mill.Apart from that it 's a great game . The graphics are nice and wo n't bug you unless your super OCD like I am -LRB- like how dawnstars pony tail does a funny thing in one of the cut scenes . -RRB- Great game with Great replay value , totally worth buying
 I 'll admit , I bought this game for the nostalgia , as I 'd played it before on the original Xbox . For the price I paid , it delivered fully , however if you have n't been playing games at least since last generation , Jade Empire will seem simple and outdated compared to more modern games by Bioware , the same developing studio.If however , you can look past that , you will enjoy Jade Empire for its great story and fun gameplay system .
 Halo . We all know about it so well . August 2004
 This is one of the best XBOX games of all time . Yeah it has its little problems , like changing the pistol and changing the multiplayer maps . But you have to look on the good side like having 14 levels and being able to double wield most weapons . If you look past the little defaults it is a great game .
 This by far the best game I have ever played and X-Box live makes it even better . I have lost sleep the past week and a half from this game . By the way , any challengers can look me up
 Halo 2 has a slightly different gameplay than the first . It is still one of the greatest FPSs on the market !!!
 After Bungie 's first legendary Xbox game , Halo , their sequel came out with high expectations . It 's not easy to improve the best game ever . They did . New weapons , new vessels , new enemies , and a bunch of more new junk make this the new best game ever . The only shortcoming of the game is the campaign . It 's pretty short . However , it 's challenging trying to beat it on every difficulty , so players will stay with it . But , Halo
 After Bungie 's first legendary Xbox game , Halo , their sequel came out with high expectations . It 's not easy to improve the best game ever . They did . New weapons , new vessels , new enemies , and a bunch of more new junk make this the new best game ever . The only shortcoming of the game is the campaign . It 's pretty short . However , it 's challenging trying to beat it on every difficulty , so players will stay with it . But , Halo
 I just finished HALO 2 . It was a blast to play . It kept my attention the whole game . Unfortunately HALO 2 did not have a climactic ending as HALO did . There is a lot to be said about all hell braking loose on you while you are trying to drive from one end of the ship to the other before the clock runs out . In HALO 2 , the last battle was just another level . I give HALO 2 a thumbs up , but it lacks the big bang ending .
 Pros : I do n't know why everyone does n't like the ending ; I guess it 's just the stupid American way to rush through everything . I thought the ending set the Halo 3 up perfectly . And even though the campaign is short there is plenty of replay value , try finding the skulls or beating it on legendary , both very rewarding.They made all the right adjustments to the old weapons balancing them out , and kept the new weapons within the ballpark . That was one of the very few problems with Halo the pistol made it to easy to kill people in multiplayer.The new physics are a very cool addition not to the engine not to mention the stunning graphics . No kidding these graphics are some of the best graphics ever to touch the shooter realm , and they managed to keep the frame rates good for the nearly all the time you spend playing the game.The sound is so incredible , and I loved the new music . With my surround sound speakers it really placed me directly in the game.All the changes they made to the vehicles we perfect , right on the money . Now anyone on foot can take out any vehicle.The multiplayer combined with Live extends the replay value to almost never ending . With the games new game-types and awesome levels how could anyone resist the addiction?The cinematic scenes are very cool . If only some of them were pre-rendered . I am pretty sure I covered most of the game awesome features , now for the cons.Cons : This is hardly a con but the game in the beginning took a little getting used to , they view had a different look to it , after a couple hours of playing the game , the problem was fixed.There are some animation glitches when someone exits a vehicle right when being boarded , Hardly a problem.You can fly/drive all of the vehicles , just like the wraith in halo you can there are some vehicles you should be able to pilot.They did n't add the ATV , oh well . Maybe in Halo 3 there will be an ATVCa n't think of any other problems so I guess that 's it the cons .
 I waited for 2 hours at midnight to get Halo 2 , I had played the first one both online and had beat it on every level . I never got sick of playing it . Halo 2 amazed with the certain levels such as earth city and the one where u go under the water . The scenery was amazing and the game was a lot of fun . However the ending hit me like a ton of bricks . I was so aggravated I wanted to break something . It was Matrix-Reloaded all over again . You are so into the amazing action sequences and the great story line that when it just ends you go huh ? I have no idea why they left it like that . They might have sed what I am about to say now
 I love the first Halo , it was great . Well , more then great it never went below the 10 best seller list . Halo 2 is also a great game and I am sure that it will be on the top seller list for years to come as well . But it did n't raise the bar with me then the single player mode . The missions are great but need to be longer and longer . 20 hours of game play is great but I wish that you could have go longer . Maybe put more story into it . I just hope that there is Halo 3 already drawn up . But I still give it 4 stars .
 im 13 and i i think this game iz fukin great . Great gameplay . Awesome music -LRB- incubus -RRB- . The violence
 you are the biggest dumbass in the history of humankind . read the top of the case.it says x-box . and news flash : not everybody in the world is christian . -LRB- though i am christian myself -RRB- it does not just say x-box . it says only for x-box !!!!!!!!!!!!! what the hell kind of retard misses that ? learn to read for god sake !!! note : i am over 13 years of age
 I just want to say this game is unbelievable . Better than anything PS2 or any other console has to offer .
 As most of you are aware from the previous Halo game , you were Master Chief who is a Spartan . A genetically altered human built for war who landed on a ring known as Halo an intergalactic death machine capable of destroying galaxies . When Halo 2 first starts off the first movie that you see is the covenant leader preparing to be decommissioned for his failure to protect the Halo ring . He is striped of his rankings and burned on the chest with the `` mark of shame '' . Throughout the game you encounter the same foes as the last time with a few extra species . The brutes and the droids are relentless and intelligent warriors . The game has a sleek new look to it showing off the Xbox 's capabilities while simultaneously showing off the musical score that fits seamlessly with the game . With it 's new look . Better controls , new guns and it 's duel-wielding brings a new aspect to the game . The only downside is the end was not up to par with the rest of the game and they somewhat dropped the ball making it anti-climatic but leaving it open for a suggested Halo 3 . One of the best changes to the game would have to be the 2 roles that you play during the game . You fight as Master Chief to try to destroy the other Halos , while fighting as the Shamed Elite who soon finds out the real meaning of the Halos . Co-op is allotted in this Halo as well.With the Multiplayer you are able to play either 4 players on 1 Xbox , linking up 2 Xboxes for a total of 8 players or Xbox live for up to as many players as your modem can handle . A lot of the old multiplayer games such as Slayer , CTF and Oddball are still available along with some new versions . Customization of the game is unlimited.I would say that Halo 2 is a must have for any fan of the first person shooter genre . I would also insist that you must buy or at least play Halo to understand Halo 2 . But even with it 's flaws it is still one of the best games not only for the year but for the system .
 This game is better than the first , and the upgrades are making it better , yet the game and the online games are still different .
 I like Halo but ... there are other games out there , better games . I have seen WAY to many people on xbox live that are halo CRAZY ! It 's sad and pothetic.Oh and as for that one guy who was talking about Mario coming in and `` beating up the bad guy '' ... either you where reviewing the wrong game or your on drugs because Mario is not even in this game and any idiot could tell that is is violent just by looking at the cover .
 At first I was unhappy with Halo 2 's campaign due to it 's sort length . But after playing it a year , i 've found it to be quiet enjoyable . When people talk about comparing Halo : CE to Halo 2 . i tell them to reconsider there debate about one being better than the other . I tell them that it is impossible to compare two totally diffrent games . sure Halo : CE has one of the best singleplayer exsperiances , but Halo 2 has the greatest Mulitplayer exsperiance . So in the end , after having played Halo CE for five years and Halo 2 for one . i have to say that if you buy Halo 2 , you should check out where it all started . But regarding Halo 2 it is one of two reasons to own as Xbox .
 Halo 2 - Circa 2004GOOD : - Play over Xbox-Live -LRB- and has downloadable content -RRB- - Really balanced gameplay - Graphics look great -LRB- Doom 3/Half Life 2 quality -RRB- - Use two handguns at once -LRB- action movie style -RRB- - Make or edited your own multiple player matches , and even play them online - Considered an instant Classic to many Video Gamers today - A.I. is challenging but not overpowering - Total upgrade over the original , which was considered a classic by manyBAD : - `` To be continued ending '' did not play well with the fans - Sometimes gameplay can get a little repetitive - Lack of real variety in enemies - Liner level design - Gameplay wise not too much has changed since the originalIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE : - Sci-Fi military FPS where you fight off an alien race who wants you dead , similar to Starship Troopers , Aliens -LRB- Alien 2 -RRB- . - Play as an enemy trooper in some levels - Only get to carry 2 weapons at a time -LRB- but if using two handguns , three at a time -RRB- - Drive vehicles , such as tanks jeeps and alien spacecraft - Online play over Xbox-Live also system link and spilt screen available - Co-op play -LRB- only on system link or spilt screen -RRB- GAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO : - Halo - Doom 3 - Area 51 - Star Wars
 I do n't want to hear about your B Day party whatever that is and you did n't pick up the controller because your to wimpy and if you wanted to go home call your mommy to come get you . Anyway this game rocks I play it with my friends all the time unlike mister Wimpy WIMP !!!!!!!!!!!
 If you have an Xbox and you do not have Halo 2 then I dont know whats wrong with you ! If you have an Xbox buy halo 2 , if you do n't buy an Xbox and then buy halo 2 . Honestly the game is that good . You can not call yourself a gamer unless you have halo 2.-Pain is temporary pride lasts forever
 Ok who ever doubted this game is dumb . This game is absoutly the best game i have ever played . the game play amazing cant get over it its the best game play i have ever seen . campign not so great good gmaeplay horible ending . ther is vertuly no loadign screen witch is good and now when u play u dont get pisse doff by waiting all in all i give this game a 5 out of 5
 The graphics are beautiful , the sound is perfect , the action is intense , and the multiplayer is better than any other online console game I 've ever played . It 's as good as Counterstrike , Team Fortress Classic , or Goldeneye were back in the day.Halo 2 is the best console FPS out there , and the online component will be played for a very , very long time.Do you like videogames ? Then why deny yourself this experience ? I noticed a negative review encouraged people to rent it before they buy . That 's a fantastic idea . Rent the game . I 'll see you online .
 Say no more , this is it and it has delivered , do n't waste your time reading this , buy it and know that it is the sequel to the best ever console game made ... . and Halo 2 is better !! Buy it.Game on!CYA LIVE
 Halo 1 was truly the best first person shooter ever made , if not the best game ever . With a great one player mode and possibly the best multiplayer on the planet , it was a revolution . So , understandibly , Halo 2 was considered the most anticipated game of the year in 2003 . And now it has come out . All I can say is WOW !!!!! This game is truly amazing with even better graphics than before , which is outstanding because the original had great graphics as well . Multiplayer is very similar to the classic multiplayer only with a larger selection of guns . This adds variety to the game making it a more enjoyable experience . But the campaign is also excellent , with a brilliant understandible plot line . But people who rate this 1,2 or 3 stars because of a weak campaign have not thought about the main focus of Halo . MULTIPLAYER . It is an amazing multiplayer game with great online capabilities . People who are so concerned about getting this game for the campaign need to get some friends . Invite friends over and have some games . Way more fun the campaign !!!! I mean , with three of my friends we played a little tournament until three in the morning . Its that addictive . If your looking for a new shooter with outstanding graphics and great multiplayer , this game is strongly reccomended . If you are looking for a great campaign and one player , i still reccomend Halo 2 but not so highly . Thanks .
 i love this game i have bought this game 3 times !
 This Game is the sequel to one of my favorite games of all time . The only reason i bought the game though was to play the last few days of its multiplayer .
 The game is in good condition , but it took two weeks longer than it was schedualed for , this made me very upset and was on the edge of just cancelling the purchase .
 having never played h3 but more than a couple times , i believe this is the best game in the world.and if it is n't , its only second to halo three !
 Halo 2 is light years ahead of Halo 1 and has the look and feel of an X-Box 360 game . With that being said , it really should be more like $ 20 instead of the hefty $ 30 price tag it now carries . I mean , it 's an original X-Box game -- I think that Microsoft is being a bit too greedy and taking advantage of the Halo frenzy that # 3 is causing right now . Still , it was very fun to play . The story is incoherent , and the game ends on a very abrupt and unsatisfying note . Great music .
 I dont have much to say on the campaine but the multiplayer is great . On the maps u can get over a dozen different kinds of wepons -LRB- sadly u can only hold 2 at a time -RRB- . And also there are like a dozen vehicles like warthogs , ghosts , banshees , scorpion tanks and theres a few more . and theres a lot of maps and if u really want to do a lot of multiplayer -LRB- brother sister friends ect . -RRB- by the halo map pack , lots of cool maps.In conclusionPros : great storygreat mutiplayerCons : Moms dads girlfriends hate it .
 If you have played the first Halo video game by bungie , Halo 2 will not bring many big surprises . Features include :1 -RRB- Better Graphics . Although currently games such as half-life 2 have surpassed Halo 2 in graphics , it is one of the most well done games on the xbox , almost never experiences graphical glitches , and features well done textures and models .2 -RRB- New weapons . Everything has been changed with weapons . Most noticeably for most veterans will be the relative weakness of the pistol . The rocket launcher now tracks vehicles , and the human automatic weapon is now the smg . There are a mulititude of added weapons , most noticeably the plasma sword and several covenant weapons -LRB- sniper rifle , carbine , brute shot -RRB- 3 -RRB- Dual wielding . Whether you like it or not , dual wielding changes the game of Halo 2 . Needlers , sub machine guns , pistols , plasma rifles and plasma pistols are the most common dual wielded weapons . This really adds another element to the game , and opens up more strategies for you to use .4 -RRB- New vehicles . Nice , but nothing extremely innovative . I wanted the ATV ! All vehicles work well and are a joy to drive , like in the original , but not alot hugely new added .5 -RRB- New camaign
 Just a reminder that if you plan to play Halo 2 on the x360 -LRB- as we all do -RRB- , just remember that the grpahics wo n't be affected that much as teh game software can not properly utilize the amazing hardware of the XBox 360 .
 Produced by
 Me and my brother are both almost done with the game I am 12 and my brother is 10 and we are on level 9 in a week but its the best
 I ca n't belive the ridiculous reviews of this game . What game are these people playing that they think is so much better than Halo 2 ? I do not give 5 starts lightly and in fact I can only think of 2 other games that deserve it -LRB- Prince of Persia , and Ninja Gaiden -RRB- . This is the only game I 've ever played that is so good it 's like being in a movie . Everything is top notch ; graphics , sound , story , gameplay , You wo n't regret buying Halo 2 .
 What is there left to say that has not already been said.After having played this for the first three levels through , It is easy to conclude that every game out this and every year for a while will be measured against it like version 1 Halo . I wo n't go into all the details , but there is no other game out like this one for great , exciting , intense , non-stop gameplay . Read the other articles for details -LRB- though everyone has there own opinion -RRB- and yes , I think even though this game is very intense and does leave you virtually breathless and wanting more at the end , I hope the fanatics of this game -LRB- like the one described faking hyperventilating to get out of class early to go out and buy this game -RRB- would get a life also.I have to admit though , it was one h ** ^ of a great game!Very easy review ... Game of the year , assuming Half-life 2 does not make a surprise introduction to xbox by Dec. 31st .
 3 things1 . LIVE IT2 . OWN IT3 . BUY ITTHIS IS THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAYEDIT IS SOOOOO FUN I CAN PLAY IT FOR DAYS NAY WEEKS AND NEVER GET BORDX-BOX LIVE MODE IT GRATE YOU CAN BY A COVENANT -LRB- THE AILENS -RRB- OR MASTER CHIEF.I STRONGLY RECANMEND THE X-BOX LIVE MODEAND THE GAME
 Let me start by sayin this ... the game is really great ok you cant expect every game to be perfect . One example is GTA : SA its a great game but yet has many flaws . Ok halo 2 finnaly has come out and to me is one of the best games of year and possibky ever ! It has some flaws though which include , cant punch with dual wilding guns some levels use same tectures , ect . The good things great epic battles and a spoiler to those who havnt played it u get to play as a covenevt now to me that is just awsome adds some new gameplay . The levels are sometimes georgous and fun as hell . It also has multiplayer adding to the replay value . Also in the near future downlaodable content fro even more replay . Now i have to say i am dissapointed a little in the story ok we have to wait till halo 3 jus to see what is gon na happen ... damn now it has some of the most amazing graphics i have seen in a while . Prob with waiting for halo3 is that most likely it wont come out for a while until Xbox 2 since they are starting to come out next year . Well overall this is just a spectacular game and i recomend it to any Xbox owner .
 Boy , was I pumped to have some FUN playing Halo 2 . And the reviews were , for the most part , correct when they said it was going to be a Great Game , with fantastic graphics and game play . And it is a great game with lots of FUN throughout the story . But , when I got to the finish , I said whoa - what happened to that FUN , technical ending that Halo 1 had instilled into our minds as the best ever ending . What a blast it was . Besides being short on game play , Halo 2 dropped the ball when it came to the ending , and where 's the side vision . Expect to get blown away a bunch of times , cause they forgot to give us the correct perifial vision to see those bad guys hanging out on your sides . Boy , I hope they at least have a Live download of a new ending with more vehicle time and a Halo 1 type ending that will be more technical and a 10 to play . In my book , Halo 2 came up short of it 's hype by a whole game point . Everyone is saying the multi-player Live is the way to go . I guess I 'll have to break down and start playing it to see if their right . No time to do that , as I just got Ghost Recon 2 and boy is it a Blast !! Now this is a first person shooter !!
 Halo 2 althogh a very good game , it did n't live up to all the hype . Game play in itself is very similar to the first halo so that was a plus . usually games like to change controlls . also they have some added features that i found useful through out game play like the dual weild and stealing vehicles . the game was rather short and found the levels a little bit eaiser than in halo one . i personally like a challenge . the added feature of xbox live is a very good addition to this game its more challenging than your halo 1 system link . gives you more of a challenge than playing your friends all the time . deffinatly a game to pick up but i was expecting a lot more out of it .
 This game kicks -LRB- ... -RRB- , it is perfect in every single wasy . Great multiplayer , Great gameplay , best A.I. I have ever encountered , improved graphics , and now , its longer ! I know the ending was n't good , but HELLO ! They made it a cliffhanger ending on purpose so they can continue from that ending on HALO 3 duhh!Perfect game , one of the best game ever , certainly the best first person shooters ever .
 It 's because of games like this that the world is a better place . After playing HALO -LRB- just this year -RRB- I became addicted . I bought the books , T-shirts , a hoody etc. . I can say the same -LRB- with the ending being the exception -RRB- for HALO 2 , it just rocked . Everything such as the action and graphics have been improved . I was definitely happy with the environment being more destructible , it adds to the fun factor , and although I did n't like it a first , playing the Arbiter -LRB- a Covenent Elite -RRB- became just as cool as being the Master Chief.My only complaints are as follows :1 . The ending was a bit weak . I 'm sure I at sat looking at the TV with a blank stare after I had finished HALO 2 because the ending was a little to short and somewhat disappointing . It just did n't seem to have the same affect as HALO 's ending .2 . The game had a slight feeling of being rushed . I 'm not exactly sure why I felt that but it did occur to me somewhere in the middle of the game . It might have been because it seemed as though I moved through the levels rather quickly . Well see on legendary.Aside from that the game was everything that I expected it to be and in some cases more . In fact , I was in the middle of Invisible War -LRB- xbox -RRB- and KILLZONE -LRB- ps2 -RRB- and dropped both of them after starting HALO 2 . I 'm just about to finish it again before I pick up where I left off on the other previously mentioned games . That has to mean something considering both of those titles are pretty damn cool.As far as FPSs -LRB- on game consoles -RRB- go , both HALO and HALO 2 are in a league of their own.My next step is to get Live for the xbox , I need more HALO .
 This Game has been improved since Halo combat evolved and comes after a book in the Halo series called First Strike.This game introduces the Arbitor 's story aswell as Master Chief 's continuing story.More characters are inroduced aswell as the floods more dangerous features like reposesing a body that was turned or shot down that is n't in pieces.The game shows more covenant weaponry , covenant soldiers , and another Halo ring with more forerunner technology and structures.The game introduces features for example dual wieldable weapons were you can use 2 weapons like 2 smgs and cause lots of damage to your enemies and for weapons you can use brute weapons aswell as the energy sword also you can steal your enemies vehicles while there using them.this game gave birth to some more destructive features for Halo vehicles.Lots of awsome music and graphics plus more characters.Lots and lots of xboxlive features for the game and multiplayer games.The Master chiefs is going to finish the fight with the covenant to end the war .
 This game is simply awesome ... 2 ! I have all of the halo games and over time my copies of halo 1 and 2 became scratched from use , so I bought a replacement copy !
 halo 2 is a great game dont listen to the bad reviews i am a halo fan i own every halo game ever made and halo 2 is one of the best this game should have gotten 5 stars not 4 click the yes button if i helped
 The product arrived in a timely manner in one of those bubble wrap envelope things . Game is in good condition , everything works and is there . Will be ordering again from seller .
 The product is what I thought it would be . My original game got destroyed and the local Gamestop charges an arm and a leg for this product -LRB- despite it being popular in ... 2004 -RRB- . Anyway , I like how there was n't any scratches or dings in the product . Good job !
 I do n't think I have ever played a game that has had such a well thought out and intense campaign . It is substantial compared to all other first person shooters . I recommend this game to anyone . It never gets old and has some clever Easter eggs as well . It 's like watching an action packed movie that never ends . Great game . Good job Bungie
 My grandson has the newest PlayStation out -LRB- being `` Grandma '' I do n't know the `` technical terms '' -RRB- It was the `` best ! '' No X-Box for him ! ... Until `` Halo ! `` He would play it at his Aunt 's house and could n't wait to get back at it ! My Son . -LRB- his father -RRB- struggled with the thought of investing in another game system . But , my grandson is a great student and a wonderful boy ! -LRB- I know all grandparents feel this , but it is SO true ! -RRB- So Christmas came and he received an X-box ! I wanted to be the one to give him `` Halo '' but it was a bit expensive for my budget ! So his Aunt presented him with it . His reaction was OVERWHELMING and touching ! Now when I visit , he always shows me where he is on his `` challenging situations ! `` Since , he has also played Halo 2 at a friends house . Loved it also!His birthday is coming up , so I went on Amazon -LRB- of course ! -RRB- to get the best price.I was amazed to find it and Halo 3 , each for around $ 20.00 !!! Bought both and will present them on his birthday!Hope this `` Review '' helps some other grandma or grandpa out there !
 The game was awesome . I wanted something for my xbox so I would n't interfere with the kids xbox 360 . The only thing that threw me off a bit was that the booklet was supposed to come with the game but there was only a disk .
 I kinda missed Halo 2 , and my kids were bugging me for some time to get a new one . I placed this order , and expected 7 days of `` Daddy , is it here yet ? '' but the thing was at my door within 48 hours ! I think Halo 2 might just be the best version of the game released -LRB- with Reach being a close second -RRB- . I 'm going to order a few more so we can have in house system-link parties : - D
 A few years back I mangaged to play this game in a community center and found out that the storyline is great and the gameplay is awesome no matter how many times you come back to play this game . SPOILER ALERT
 The game arrived in just 3 days . The case was broken in shipment , but the game itself was not damaged . It is alot of fun to play , my kids love it . Would definately purchase from this site again .
 this game is cool the kids love it and was not a bad price for it and it got here when it said it was
 I used to play this game for hours on end . The xbox did finally break down after hours of playing the thing to death . A few years later , I bought an Xbox at a yard sale for 10 dollars . So of course I had to get this game . Best FPS in my book .
 I 'm Going to keep this simple . If your a halo fan and you have n't played halo 2 , its worth playing . If you have n't played halo and you like First Person shooters this game is worth giving a try . I played this whole game on the Xbox 360 with no problems . At first the graphics will seem outdated but you get use to it.Pros1 . The ability to dual wield weapons , it came in handy many times , either because you run out of ammo quick or having two weapons gives you better defense against different enemies .2 . You have a Squad fighting by your side . Though at times they seem useless but I like the ability to take there weapons when my weapon is running out of ammo3 . Controls are simple and character moves smoothly .4 . You get the Chance to play as the covenant as an elite and see there side of the story which makes it more interesting .5 . more weapons have aiming abilities which is a big plus ,6 . The Covenant Sword is fun to use . Get easy one or two hit kills .7 . More Vehicle Choices and the ability to hijack enemy vehiclesCons1 . No Way-point to know your next location . Indoor/outdoor locations look Identical so sometimes I found myself right back to the beginning , its frustrating after I did all that walking .2 . No sprinting or running abilities3 . The Pistol looks horrible and feels useless . It does n't feel like that exciting God Pistol in Halo , it was the best weapon in the game .4 . You wo n't really care to much for the story but I watch it so I wo n't be lost while playing this game . You can think of it as a low budget cartoon episode5 . If you play for long periods of time it will get repetitive and boring
 I had this game the first day it came out , my brothers and I loved Halo CE . The single player has a good story line in my opinion , but it could have lasted longer . The multiplayer is what I really wanted the game for though . Every matchmaking had a skill level itself and the highest level you had would be shown on the built in friends list . I 've played this game for years , having all of my levels over 30 , with a 46 as my highest . Being at a high level , you did NOT want to lose it , neither did others . The competition in this game was like a tournament every time if you were above a 35 . Very strong teams of 4 on each side , no quitting or anything . Now a days there is no real skill based rank , just for how long you played the game to get exp . Now everybody quits , competition is n't the same and fps just are n't fun anymore . Young kids are now able to be good at the Call of Duty series because it takes no skill . Holding down the trigger on SMGs will get you tons of kills . I wish online still existed on this game because I would still play it . I hope they decide to bring back the ORIGINAL Halo 2 AND multiplayer just with HD graphics . Do n't mess it up like the Halo CE multiplayer which is really from Reach .
 The second one was n't as good as the first , but it does seem to put a darker side to it . The entire game is a little bit more gruesome , but it still is pretty fun to play even for its age .
 alright the game every xbox/halo fan has been waiting for . thought is it worth the `` hype '' and coverage given ? the answer to that is no . overall the game delivers an awesome fps shooter experience , the gameplay is near perfect with minor AI issues as well as cinematic glitches which are noticable to the true gamer but will not hinder your experience . though the biggest dissapointment maybe the play time and story . At times you may want to just skip the story all together as it laggs on about some covenent commander you do n't care about because you just want to pwn endless amounts of enemies as the master chief . The lackluster of an ending leaves you wondering where the next few levels were , what was bungie thinking . so here it goes ... Pros
 If you 're a Halo fan , then you will eat Halo 2 for breakfast.With smarter A.I. that have personalities -LRB- like getting revenge on you if you shoot them , and very smart/fiting taunts if you miss -RRB- , a more expansive amount of maps , terrain features , and of course VEHICLES -LRB- !!! -RRB- , Halo 2 is the next step in XBox 's domination of the First-Person-Shooter/Multiplayer market.The story line will keep you captive until the end , then it will cut off your hands and slap you with them . It is a GREAT story , in-depth , well thought out , and it draws you into it and engulfs you almost like a good book , but the ending is somewhat ... lacking .
 Recipient Loved It !!! I bought this as a gift for a family member . I personally , do n't play video games any more , But the family was together & the game was liked so well , I find myself buying another . To me , that says it all .
 I had Halo 2 a while back and lost it . Came across it brand new on Amazon at a price that I could not pass up . I am pretty sure that I would pay about the same for a used version of this game because , it is just that popular . So , to find a brand new disc at such a great price I am very pleased . Graphics are great of course and just as fantastic as the original .
 because it is halo . like that game . I played it and read the books on it . need to get 1 more book
 This is one of the best games there is . My kids absolutely crave Halo stuff . Each Halo game that comes out they scream for it .
 Great condition & game was used often . I was very satisfied with the game . It lasted a long time considering it was used . Thanks
 Overall , I got exactly what I wanted
 I think Halo 2 is the best game I have ever played since Half-Life , and Metroid because the way Microsoft designed this game It 's very cool and the weapon designs are nice . I actually did see the trailer for Halo 3 and I ca n't wait for it to come out . I give Halo 2 a 5 !
 Like I said , the best multiplayer game ever . I play it all the time , I work in fire/rescue and when we get down-time at the station , you can probably find us all playing HALO 2 , even the Chief
 This game was awsome . I was so excited the day this game came out . No words in the world to discribe this game . I am in love with this game . Ther was only one flaw in this whole game . That is there is no secret wepons , except the scarab gun which is kinda hard to get . It is very time consuming . If you do n't have a lott of pacience you will never want to get this tremendesly great gun ! This gun gets boreing after a while , but when you get it blast the covenants butts all over hell ! This game gets a 5 out of 5 ! Treiolond Woodson sucks . -LRB- Big T -RRB-
 As many people throughout the United States waited for halo 2 to come out on release , well it came and it rocked the gaming industry like no other game has done before . Halo 2 is the most anticipated game of the year . It has many great features in single player , multiplayer and in online game play.Halo 2 's single player game play is awesome ; in the single player campaign mode you switch back and forth between the master chief and the heretic elite also known as the arbiter . The weapons in the campaign mode are much better then in halo . In halo you had the sniper rifle and the pistol with the zoom in choice , as in Halo 2 you have the battle rifle , the sniper rifle and now some of the alien weapons have the zoom capability . A new feature in Halo 2 is that the marines can drive warthogs and ghosts . What 's bad with that is that they ca n't drive well at all , but you could always put a bullet in their head to stop them from driving off with out you . Another cool thing about the weapons is that you can swap them out with the marines . Say you 're low on ammo , exchange your weapon with a marine and take theirs from them.Moving on to the multiplayer mode of Halo 2 Which is the best part of the multiplayer is that blood gulch is back with a whole new look to it , one new thing is that it has banshees and more then one vehicle on the screen at all times . If an enemy hopes in a banshee run to the middle of the field and the rocket launcher and shoot his ass down out of the sky unless he gets close enough to you jump on it and kick him out and take the damn thing , either way is fun . Another thing to look for in Halo 2 is no fall damage and they also took away the health meter so now its just the energy shield , so it does n't take that long of time to kill your enemy . The biggest plus of the multiplayer mode is that when in battle you always know where your allies are on the map , and if they get killed or are in a battle with one of the enemies on the other team.Last but not least another awesome thing about Halo 2 is you can play online with Xbox live . When playing on Xbox live you can use your communicator to talk to you teammates of to the dude you just killed , but it 's only when you 're standing near them . In Xbox live and in the multiplayer mode the game allows you more options on which team you want to be on instead of just blue and red . Xbox live allows you to get more skill and allows you to fight other people instead of just your normal friends , it gives you the chance to expand your abilities without having to leave your house.Halo 2 has turned out to be one of the most exciting action packed games ever to be made . The best things about it , is that you can play with your friends at your house or through Xbox live if you need to save gas . Halo 2 is definitely a plus up from Halo even though the ending is sort of bad , but it allows you wait and see what Bungie Studios will do in Halo 3 and whether or not if they 'll bring back the sniping pistol from Halo .
 After having played this game pretty much since it came out I would say that it has only 2 main advantages over Halo 1:1 . Better graphics2 . You can play onlineAt first this game is tons of fun . Dual wielding is cool , the sword is fun , and online play is pretty much nonstop action . I have definitely had many hours of fun with this game.Now for my gripes . First of all , matchmaking SUCKS . The fact that they do n't let you pick which map and gametype you want to play means that half the time you end up on a bad map with a bad gametype . Also , the stupid little `` hacks '' that people use -LRB- like superjumps -RRB- are really annoying and take away from gameplay.I also feel that most weapons have been made less accurate on purpose , especially the pistol . This means that half the time the winner of a gunfight is the one who gets lucky with their gun , not the one who has more skill . The grenades are also weaker and pretty much worthless as you ca n't get a single hit kill except with the plasma . The shotgun is also pretty much useless unless you are at poin blank.My opinion for Bungee ? Make an online vesrion of Halo 1 for xbox , or just make sure Halo 3 does n't suck .
 Halo 2 is a good game but it falls short of matching the greatness of the first Halo . It certainly falls short of all the hype and expectations of the last couple of years where some gaming publications said Halo 2 would be the `` greatest game ever '' . It is not.What 's good about Halo 2 ? Well , it does continue the story of the Master Chief and Earth 's war for survival with the Covenant . Bungie Studios had the wisdom not to change the simple and easy-to-use control settings of the first game so playing Halo 2 is not hard at all even if you never played Halo before . There certainly is a graphical upgrade in Halo 2 but graphics were never an issue in the first game.What 's not so great about Halo 2 ? The big problem is that the single player campaign is short . Very short . You can finish Halo 2 on the normal setting in two days or less . It took me about a month to finish the first game so something is seriously wrong here.Secondly , despite new weapons and some new bad guys to fight , Halo 2 almost feels like a repeat of the first game but minus some of the excitement . The first Halo game offers large outdoor and indoor levels in which you can spend hours exploring on foot or on the Warthog jeep . The first game also had a fantastic film-like musical score that really made you feel like you were immersed in the environment . It was like being in a movie.Sadly , there do not seem to be any outstanding or memorable levels in Halo 2 like `` The Silent Cartographer '' in the original Halo.Halo 2 seems to have mostly indoor settings that are smaller , darker and there are long stretches without any music . There are a couple of levels in Halo 2 where you will likely get confused and lost because of bland color schemes where everything looks the same.What is perhaps most frustrating about Halo 2 is that Bungie Studios implied and gave us good reason to expect that much of the action of the game would take place on Earth . Halo 2 was supposed to about you defending the Earth against a Covenant invasion and fighting along side with large numbers of human troops . Bungie certainly had the time and resources to make Halo 2 an epic game on this scale but for whatever reason , they decided not to.Halo 2 also fails to deliver many of the features that Bungie had implied we would see in the game . You can not for example , shoot out lights to darken your environment for cover or peek around corners to see what is ahead . This is especially disappointing since another Xbox game ; `` The Chronicles of Riddick '' has these kinds of details , making it a gaming experience that in many ways , surpasses Halo 2 . Without revealing too much about the game , you instead only play one level on Earth and its not all that great of a level . Despite the fact that mankind is facing extinction , you only see a few troops at a time fighting with you.Halo 2 is better than your standard FPS or most other games in general . Yes , it is one of the better Xbox games you can get now but it is far from being the best . Halo 2 could and should have been much better .
 Do n't get me wrong , this is a very good game , but Halo was so good that it actually makes this game look bad . Even though Halo was better , I still think that this is one of the Top 5 games for Xbox!Pros :1 . Xbox Live compatiblity ! 2 . Much better graphics than the first3 . Duel-wielding guns4 . Co-op is still in the game5 . Newer weaponsCons :1 . It just was n't as fun as the first2 . I would like to play just as Master Chief , not an Elite ! 3 . Apparently there are 7 halo rings , does that mean there ` sgoing to be up to Halo 7 ? I think they should just lose the flood and let us fight the covenant4 . There should be 4-player co-op in the game !
 Halo 2 is the sequel to the blockbuster Xbox game , Halo
 I read some of the reviews for Halo 2 . I saw the good , the bad , and the plain out ugly . Unfortunately , most of them were ugly.The ending was good . Actually , it was riveting . I could n't believe it . If any of you saw the ending to Star Wars
 Well ... after some constant game playing , i have finished Halo 2 . Mind you that i play a lot of FPS games , but this one by far was wonderful . My only rant about it was that the ending pissed me off . I shall conpare it too the Matrix Trilogy . The first one was a complete game and could have been finished there . The second one left you hanging big time at the end . And the third makes it come full circle to a conclusion , what that is , i do n't know . But this game does tell you there will be a Halo 3 -LRB- thank you oh might Bungie -RRB- . My 2 cents .
 Well ever since Halo 2 came out for the X-Box Last week It really improved Halo fans nationwide . However since I foundout that Halo 2 was a little bit short I still think it 's oneof the Best Games ever . But right before Halo 2 came out The Original was Rereleased for the PC . But Hey Halo 2 is a pretty good game to me .
 ... But when does Halo 3 come out!And people need to stop saying things like ` too easy ' , try it on a harder diff , if it 's too easy . Personally I found it to be just right and much like Halo , I 'm already replaying it over again just to explore and mess around -LRB- nice to play on easy mode and just trash everyone in your path . -RRB-
 This is a very awesome game with good graphics and great gameplay . What I do n't get though are those people who say this game is horrible ... cmon , do n't be fooled by them , this game is definately worth buying .
 I just finished the full walkthrough for Halo 2 , as well as played a number of multiplayer games . I 'm finally ready with the review of this awesome game!First off , this is obviously the sequel to the hugely popular initial Halo game . You are Master Chief , a space marine who is sent out to battle the enemies . You are fighting the Covenant , who are your main foes , but you also run into the Flood , who are a space parasite that wants to eat all life . In addition , there are mechanical creatures on Halo who want to kill pretty much anything including the Flood . So each location and creature type has its own look , feel , attitudes and reactions.The graphics are simply gorgeous , from the rippling water to the clouds in the sky and reflections off of surfaces . I love taking screenshots of this game . The music is also extremely well done , in that the quality is always very high . But it 's a little bizarre to be going from new age lilting softness in one heated battle to high intensity rock music in another and so on . It does n't necessary track to the location you 're in , either . It 's just whatever the designers felt like putting in.The gameplay and plot is where this game really shines . Your characters that interact with you are simply BRILLIANT in how they each do what a real live creature would do . Grunts are my favorite - these little Covenant front-liners are brave and talkative when they 're in groups , but when you whittle them down they suddenly turn and flee , shrieking at the top of their lungs . Your teammates leap into vehicles with you , either driving or shooting depending on your preference . They 'll come alongside you to give you support , and duck for cover when appropriate.The quips the characters come out with mid-battle still make me laugh out loud . In one sequence you are the covenant Arbitor and are working your way through a room . You come across a pair of grunts and a jackal under attack , and take out the enemies . The grunt comes running to you in glee , shouting , `` Arbitor ! My savior ! '' Then he pauses and adds , `` Jackal , say thank you to the Arbitor ! '' : -RRB- The cut scenes are equally as brilliant and are truly movie quality in the interactions . The timing , dialogue , everything is great . The little touches are everywhere . In one sequence , the Sergeant is preparing his troops to get ejected in pods down to the surface of Halo . He walks past the Master Chief 's pod and thumps twice on it , as if to say `` All OK in there , ready to go ? '' Right on beat , you see Master Chief inside his pod , thumping once back in response . You really forget that these are just computer generated characters.Multiplayer is the stellar addition to this release and there are reasons to be thrilled . You can play on a large variety of maps , in a number of styles , and there is even going to be downloadable content in the future.That all being said , there are of course a few non-stellar aspects to this release . First , the ending SUCKS . The first one was bad enough with its `` Oh I bet there is another Halo out there '' so you do n't even feel like you really saved the world . In this one , not only is it not a `` you 're done but it 's not over '' ending - it 's pretty much cut off mid-battle ! That is INCREDIBLY frustrating for a gameplayer . Obviously they want you to buy Halo 3 , but that 's going to be a year or two away . Ca n't we have some satisfaction in the meantime?Next , the game is really short , even on normal mode . We had a friend start the game up Sunday morning at about 12:30 and he was done with the entire game by around 8 . You can have fun replaying it on the harder levels , but that 's a rather quick game .
 I enjoyed the solo campaign but short . Nice boss fights with the Prophet of Regret and Tartarus the Brute . Eye-popping graphics in it 's time and I loved the dual weapon wielding aspect . Cool game overall .
 One of the original gems of the older generation x-box . This is a classic shooter -LRB- split screen in co-op mode or competition -RRB- . You take the role of Master Chief , or at times a member of the covenant , moving fairly linearly in oftentimes visually stunning vistas . Weapons range from the standard pistol to the more sophisticated energy based weapons . The missions lead you further into unlocking the ongoing secret of the vast stellar ring -LRB- s -RRB- called Halo , developed by an earlier intelligence to protect against another threat called Hive.I had purchased the game for my uncle who has a mild form of Parkinson 's disease . He 's been rocking out on the Super Mario Brother 's for years now -LRB- poor bastard -RRB- so I gave him my old console and thought this would be a great game to play together . Long story short , in terms of visually appealing , this is pretty good . The weapons and their combination keep things interesting , and for someone of his generation , this is a good transition before the more epic next gen systems and their relatively difficult tactics .
 this game is fun to play , about 6 months ago a friend of mine let me borrow it and i could n't stop playing it the campaign is shorter than the one in combat evolved but its just as good if not a bit better . It came right when amazon said it would and it came in perfect condition and played well on my xbox . I actually think this game is a little better than the first halo video game because in this one you can play as the arbiter and master chief also the graphics are better . So if you liked the first halo then you 'll love this one.halo combat evolved
 The second part of the Halo Trilogy is a must have for any Halo fan . The continuation from Halo
 My son asked for this game for Christmas , and I was so happy to order it at the last minute and still receive it before Christmas ! Again , thanks Amazon for your prompt shipment of this item ! My son has really enjoyed playing this game , and now he has the entire set of HALO games !
 you can not be a true halo fan unless you own all the games.enough said on that subject.awesome awesome game to play .
 Great game of course but Halo 2 did lack a great ending . I must say though that Halo 3 continued where Halo 2 ended so all is good . ; - -RRB-
 This is a must have for anyone who owns a Xbox video console . Definitely one for the ages .
 It 's the best game I have ever played , this is per my 12 year old grandson . I purchased it for him as he has all the Halo games and is waiting for the next one to come out . He loves playing Halo as they are exciting and challenging .
 When I got the first Halo it blew me away . It was as Revolutionary as 007 GoldenEye was on N64 ! As far as Halo2 , I did not enjoy the story line nearly as much as the first Halo . But ... . the multi-player via Xbox Live is THE BEST multi-player Fist Person Shooter ever !!! Halo3 is going to blow my mind .
 Excellent gaming experience . Graphic 's are incredible . The Master Chief comes back stronger than ever .
 i had a ps2 and was thinking of getting the ps3 . instead i got a 360 and im happy . i got halo 2 i beat single player and then got live . this game is great i love this game . the one part i hate about this game is there is no assault rifle . i recently got halo 1 and even though i was really late in getting it still amazed me . halo 2 does have more weapons which is cool . halo 1 didnt have a br which pissed me off but the pistol is beast . also in halo 3 my two weapons in single player are br and assault rifle possibly two of the best guns -LRB- besides the chainsaw gun in gears but nothing beats the chainsaw gun -RRB- if you have a xbox or xbox 360 and dont have halo your missing out .
 Both my husband and I have played Halo2 and thoroughly enjoyed it!We used it on our Xbox 360 , and it ran without any modifications!The graphics , fights , and every other aspect of the game are evenbetter than Halo . Buy and enjoy !
 This game was pretty awesome , definetly better than the original . The only reason I gave it a 4 for the `` Fun '' factor is because of that damned flood , theres so many that it became ridiculus and I got annoyed with it -LRB- some of the Arbitar levels became a nuisance as well -RRB- . But still , it was fun to dual wield and such . If you like shooter-type games and you played and enjoyed the original , then I 'd definetly recommend this game !
 well i guess you could say that this game is all around great with a addictive multiplayer . The campaign is great but could be better . I love it !
 Well , this game simply lives up to the name of it 's predecessor . The story is great , not exactly original though . The music is great , and the Xbox Live is the best part ! -LRB- I 'm SkeletonPack -RRB- I 'm trying to beat it on Legendary . Well , enjoy the game . -LRB- And if you play on easy , you 're a noob -RRB-
 This game is just flat out excellent . The story line 's great . The playability is great . The graphics are great . The amount of stuff you can do is great . Do n't even get me started how great multiplayer is for this game . If you do n't own this game , and you have an XBox or an XBox 360 , and you love First Person Shooters , then buy this game .
 It 's a Bungie game ! From Marathon to Myth to Halo , this is my favorite game developer -LRB- even if they bailed on the Mac prior to Halo 1 -RRB- . This is a great title . It keeps everything I liked about Halo 1 , and extends the fun big time .
 A superb multiplayer experience . I have pre-ordered Halo3 and am waiting in great anticipation !
 First off , I 'd like to say that I 'm actually thirteen . I do n't have an e-mail address , but I use my dad 's sometimes . Now let 's get started.Don ' t get me wrong-except for a few flaws , Halo 2 is a great game . Let 's look at the flaws first.Flaws1 . The whole thing with the prophets was kind of stupid in my opinion . It really was n't like the first Halo .2 . Playing as an Elite is kind of cool , but it gets kind of boring after a while not being Masterchief . Also , it 's hard too tell who 's on your team and who 's not .3 . The pistol ! The pistol -LRB- or magnum as it 's called in Halo 2 -RRB- was so great in the first Halo , but now you ca n't even snipe with it . A dissapointment .4 . I was expecting to have almost all of the levels in the city , but no ! There are maybe FOUR levels in the city ! FOUR ! 5 . I 'm not even going to say what the end was like.Now for the good stuff .1 . Most of the Campaign was good . The levels in the city were so awesome .2 . The graphics were incredible . Better than in the first Halo .3 . Improved rocket launcher .4 . Dual wielding is kind of cool . The only problem is you ca n't throw grenades while holding both guns , and you have to let go of one of the guns to smack .5 . New guns
 This game is awesome.The second half of the campaign stunk but multiplayer makes up for that.Great A.I. . The big proplem is that there 's only one new warthog instead of five canged second level.Fir st wouldh 've been better.bUT SOMETHING WRONG IF YOU DO N'T HAVE IT .
 Why-It 's a wonderful continuation to the first game . The upgraded and enhanced many things . Playing this game on Xbox live is sooo much fun and is addictive.The single player is a amazing ride , taking you across the universe . I love how you play as MC and The Arbiter . The story takes some cool turns.Dual wielding rocks . Everything meshes together.Playing this game on it 's hardest setting -LRB- legendary -RRB- is really fun . It shows you how great this game is , the AI , etc.Don ' t listen to the m $ haters , try it out . Do n't play it on easy unless this is your first fps . This game has great atmosphere , and is a great experience . the story , cut-scenes pulling it all together.The music ! Listening to that heavy rock song while I blasted my way in to the Arbiter 's mosolium was cool . The weapons ... oh man . I think most here only have played the first level on easy then trash it . rent it , play it , buy it .
 If you are a vetran of the first Halo game , this game will consume every waking hour of your time for at least a week . For true Halo fans , the flaws are few and not very major
 This is a good game but not as good as the first . The one thing that I really do not like about this game is that when you beat a level on normal , heroic , or legendary it does not mark the symbol next to the level that shows you beat it . That really disappointed me . In the first one i beat the game on easy then it was fun to beat levels on normal , herioc , then legendary so that the levels can have all the sybols on them . On this game , when i beat a level on normal or herioc , it does not do anything at all to show that i did it . Overall this is a fun game to play , especially on multiplayer .
 Halo was one of those games that everybody knew about , and almost anybody who had ever played anything on xbox had played Halo . The sequel had to of been the most anticipated game of all time . But did it live up to it 's previous title?The sound in Halo 1 was totally awesome and it is here also . The controls are great just like the first . The multiplayer is awesome and is by far the best game for xbox live . The graphics are the best any console game has ever seen -LRB- barely beaten by Half Life 2 -RRB- . The single player campaign ... well Halo 1 had the most fun and addictive single player of any fps ... i beat it like 30 + times and can still play without getting bored . The AI is really good and at times this game does get pretty hard . . but it just is too much of the same . Of course there are new features but those features barely do anything for single player campaign -LRB- they workout very well for multiplayer -RRB- . So if you have xbox live and like FPS games then by all means get this game . If you play with friends alot and like FPS games get this game . But if you do n't have xbox live and you do n't play with friends very much i would reccomend just renting this game to see if you like it .
 Okay , first things first , this is a review of Halo 2 , not some other game for another console . Yes , I agree that there are alot of other great games out there , but this one stands right up there with them . I must first say , I have played plenty of games and have a pretty good grasp of what a game should consist of . Most of those elements are within this game , although Halo 2 is lacking in some areas , I think the overall package is worth the cost . If you are one of the 4 people that did n't buy this game , then just wait and buy it when it 's price breaks.I have not played through all of Halo , because of that fact I feel like I can review Halo 2 almost independently of the first one . I just recently bought my Xbox and decided to get the 2nd installment because of the online features.Did this game grab ahold of me and not let go?Not entirely . At first the game was very interesting . Defending Cairo was great and the first few levels were excitable , then the game starts losing it 's grasp . I felt like it was fun playing as the Arbitor , it gave some insight into the workings of the Covenant and I felt it was fun to play both roles . Although it would 've been nice to finish the game with MC , it was fitting for the Arbitor to be in the last level . I think alot of reviewers have stated that they would like a lot more closure on the matter and the ending was a huge let down . Apparently they needed something big to explode because MC blew it up . Just accept that Bungie decided to leave you hanging , it 's happened before with other games , should n't be a big deal.What about core gameplay elements ? control ? visuals ? that kind of thing?The control is almost seamless , very nice . It feels natural to play this game . The visuals are also very nice , although I would 've liked to see more intense lighting effects and some of the videos were a bit on the less than perfect side of things . In the visual aspects , there are definitly shortcomings , but for the most part it feels like you are part of a decent story that is taking place all around you.What about the weapons and the vehicles?The weapons are decent . Being able to dual weild is a plus , but not enough to really deserve any criticism , positive or negative . I liked the variety . It would 've been nice to zoom in with the pistol , but that was a bit overpowered in the first game anyway . The Vehicles are great , the new Gauss Warthog is pretty strong , The vehicles are pretty balanced and being able to jack vehicles is really fun . I liked how the enemy could steal vehicles ; it definitly added to the feel of the game.What about the A.I. of the enemy ? the A.I. of the soldiers that fought along side you?I found it to be good , the enemies could track you and find you if they needed to , but they would n't continuosly follow you , which would 've been cool . They definitly make decent tactical decisions at times . I found the soldiers that would fight along side me in the levels to be of both extremes at times . in some levels they are just letting loose and giving the covenant the worst beating they could possibly have , then in other levels it 's like they lay down and give up . I was also frustrated at times when I would be driving the Warthog and there would be 3 or 4 soldiers near me and none of them would think to jump into my `` ride . '' And at other times these soldiers would just know exactly what needed to be done and I would be driving a warthog with a Rocket Launcher-weilding soldier in the passenger seat and a dead-eye on the turret . So , altogether It evens out.Multiplayer , what do you think?It 's great , if you want a game solely for some great multiplayer , then this fits the bill . I thoroughly enjoy the multiplayer aspect of this game . It reminds me of the countless hours that I would spend incessantly trying to beat my buddies on Goldeneye for the N64.So , do you have any complaints?well , I would 've liked the story to stay on earth . It felt like it left too soon , which is where the game started to let go of me . I found myself wanting to get back to MC and his story , but the Arbitor 's story was still interesting . The game felt cut short , but I know what that may mean and I 'm fine with it.Anything else?Well , I know there have been complaints of ommitted material and shattered hopes , but I really think that it is a good move for Bungie to leave us wanting more . I always like when games tie together . Would it have been nice to smack Truth around and blow his ship into dust ? sure , do we really know the origin of the sacred rings and all of the meanings behind the great journey ? no , I do n't think so . Should we really point the finger at Bungie for betraying us ? not unless we have to be dropped off by our mommies for day care . As a company , they need to instill a demand for their product , and how else do you do that but by simply ommitting a few things and by throwing people onto a cliff with nothing to do but hang there . I think Bungie is doing us a favor by preserving the story and giving it to us in decent helpings in both aspects of gameplay and storyline . Did Halo 2 live up to the Hype ? no , but you helped create that hype , so it 's not entirely Bungie 's fault . Will you buy Halo 3 ? You 're damn right you will . Is it going to be on the next Xbox ? who cares , you 'll buy that too.If you 're looking for a better than average first person shooter with alot to offer and a solid multiplayer mode , then go no further . If you 're looking for that game that your hype-ridden magazines and over-staffed websites were talking about ... well ... I think it 's the same game , I just do n't think it was given a chance to evolve without everyone knowing about the changes , therefore making it a disappointment for many , but as for me , and many others , just another great game .
 This is the best game EVER !!! But the cool thing is the skulls you can find on each level , what ? you never hear of them ? well , they are skulls you find on almost every level , they are skulls that give your Spartan/Elite powers until you turn off your xbox , dont forget to save when you get to a checkpoint , but you have to find them on Legendary for you pros out there . Good luck finding them !!!
 This game is awesome multiplayerwise . Anyway I just got off the multiplayer because my friends had to go . We were playing Waterworks and it ruled . Later folks !
 There is enough in print about the wonderful attributes of Halo2-This is to inform you of one shortcoming . If you want to play solo-you can only complete the campaign . It would have been nice to offer an option of competing against some of the covenant in the games like Slayer , King of the Hill , etc. . I suppose this was done on purpose to get single players to subscribe to Live ! . Other than that one issue , it is a really fun game and well put together . I 'd buy it again !
 Creators of Halo 2 have put in all there minds , to make an absolutly outstanding game . The only flaws are some minor graphical glitches on the cutscenes , and Campaign is a little short on the Easy and Normal setting . There is non stop action wich will keep you on the edge of your seat ! Overall this is a very good , in other words ... the best ! 10/10
 Halo is back and if you havent bought it yet , then you should . If you dont have an Xbox , then you need to buy it just to play this game . The graphics are outstanding . The sound is increadible and the overall gameplay is awesome . Please go get this game , i know you will spend hours playing it .
 Halo was one of the greatest first person shooters of all time , and arguably , one of the best games of all time.CONTROLIf you have played the first Halo then you will know how good the controls are , and for those who do n't , Halo 2 continues what Halo one did , and gave you access to your grenades without having to cycle through it , simply press the left trigger button , and you throw a grenade . Halo 2 also gives you the chance to hold two weapons at a time now , in which you use the left trigger to fire the weapon in your left hand , and the right trigger to fire the one in your right hand . Though , this new dual wield system has its flaws , for one its confusing to swap for a different dual wield weapon , because some of the time it swaps it for the weapon you want to keep . Also when melee attacking , one of your two weapons is dropped.SOUNDHalo 2 has good sound . All of the weapon/explosion/reloading sounds are very good . Another thing which I like is when you are with a squad of marines , they will talk to eachother , and brag if they killed an alien.GRAPHICSHalo one had superb graphics , and Halo 2 greatly adds to it . For one , there is bump mapping , which means that there is more detail on a lot of the objects in the game . You can now actaully see your feet when you look down ! Now , when you whack cetain boxes they will fall down and move in the direction you hit them.GAMEPLAYSingleplayer
 OKAY HALO 1 ROCKED WE ALL KNOW THAT ! WE ALSO KNOW THAT HALO 2 HAD SO MUCH HYPE THAT IT WOULD BE NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO LIVE UP TO . I PLAYED THE GAME AND REALLY GOT INTO IT , IT WAS AWESOME . BUT BEFORE I KNEW IT IT WAS OVER . AND THE COVENANT WAS ATTACKING EARTH RIGHT ? THAT IS SO MUCH FUN TO DEFEND THE EARTH AND URBAN WARFARE AND ALL THAT BUT YOU HAD LIKE 2 OR 3 LEVELS ON EARTH THAT WAS TRUELY ANNOYING . IT WAS GREAT GAMEPLAY VERY INTENSE , TRUELY IS JUST MISSING THAT LITTLE SOMETHING THAT WAS IN HALO 1 . THE ONLY OTHER THING THAT ANNOYED ME WAS I GOT A MAGAZINE A FEW MONTHS AGO WITH A NON PLAYABLE DEMO . IN THAT DEMO IT HAD SOME REALLY COOL LOOKING STUFF THAT WAS NOT IN HALO 2 . LIKE THE BRUTES BEING ON EARTH AND DIFFERENT VEHICLES , AND MISSIONS I NEVER SAW AND MOVIES . I KNOW THAT IT WAS ONLY A DEMO AND WAS A FEW MONTHS AGO BUT I THINK THAT IT LOOKED AWESOME AND WOULD HAVE ADDED TO THE GAME . THEY SHOULD HAVE KEPT THE MAJORITY OF THE GAME ON EARTH I THINK .
 This is coming from a PS2 fan , I have been playing socom 2 since it came out , and i havent bothered playing my xbox since none of the titles seemed interesting to me . Believe it or not , i didnt like the first halo at all , it was an OK game , but just like the rest . I was `` Made '' to get this game actually by a couple of friends , Boy do I thank them now . This game is unbelievable ! I only played the first campaign level , and didnt think much of it , it was ok , pretty much the same as the first . HOWEVER , the online part is amazing ! As ive said , ive played games such as socom 1 + 2 , rainbow six 3 , Full Spectrum Warrior , and many more online , and this game beats them all ! Very very happy with this game , I do advise you to only get this game if you are going to play online , because the online game is easily worth the price , but i could see the campaign becoming very old and boring , -LRB- no wonder i didnt like halo 1 -RRB- overall
 Just like everyone else , I 've been drooling for the past 18 months thinking about how fantastic Halo 2 was going to be . Surely the company that brought us Halo -LRB- the best FPS and best multi-player game ever -RRB- could n't do any less than to make Halo 2 BLOW AWAY the original . Well , it 's a great game . But the only thing that truly BLOWS AWAY the original is all the features added to online multiplayer gaming -- teams , stats , customization , etc. . Sitting in a room with 8 guys blasting each other was always fun on Halo . It 's about the same level of enjoyment with Halo 2 but with new maps and weapons . Do n't get me wrong
 HaloII is a very fun game . I have a few disapoints with it . No infinite granades in multi-player , no life bar , just sheild , and the game is similar to the first halo . Comparing this to the first is a hard thing to do but the first is better because of originality and it did n't copy many of similar FPS like red faction . My favorite thing about this game is the multi-player and highjacking vehicles.P.S . Killzone is VERY dissapointing , seeing is how it was supposed to beat halo 1 and be realistic -LRB- you can grab people through walls and kill them -RRB-
 This game rules ! It is amazing the how the graphics are . This is a classic but not as good as Halo . It still deserves five stars though . Some of the new weapons are the Beam Rifle , and Energy Sword . The Energy sword is my favorite . My favorite vehicle is probably the Spectre . Now the vehicles can blow up . YEA !!! Overall a must buy -LRB- however make sure your Xbox is strong . . mine was n't and I kept on having to clean the disc -RRB- .
 I think this is a really good game , and i enjoy it . The only bad bit is when halo changes into an alien . The best bit is when you get to go on a different level , it is exciting.overal , A brilliant game.Buy it !
 Hey if youre a gamer with an xbox and debating whether to buy this or not prepare to be slapped for this is the best FPS ever !!! If you have xbox live stop reading this review and go buy it now !!! But ... on to the game , this game has an awesome campaign but it could get old after you beat it . But the multi-player is the flat-out the best of this game . After you get xbox live if you do n't have it yet bust out the caffeine and sugar cause this can keep you for days on end ! BUY THIS NOW BUY THIS NOW BUY THIS NOW !! I bought my beloved xbox just for this ... believe me this is a system seller . The controls are great and the storyline 's ok but the multi-player is the SHIZZZZNITTE ! Just watch out for standbyers and modders on xbox live ! If you get this add me im Smiling Bob117
 I got this game on the first day . I was so excited since i loved the first one -LRB- except for the final driving mission -RRB- . It 's gameplaywise it has really evolved , which is a good thing . You can now jack the covenant vehicles with `` right timing '' . Also they got rid of the health meter , another good thing . All in all i love it . But that doas n't mean it 's perfect . Let 's move on ahead to the `` not so good '' part . There are a lot of glitches in the FMV sequence of the game . Some objects popping in & out . And , `` why would i wan na play as an arbiter ? '' . That part totally bummed me out .
 This is an amazing game to say the least.I have read some bad reviews but if you have played the game for atleast a week you will notice that everyone who has given a bad review was simply bad at the game . I love Halo 1 and Halo 2 ... the only problem i have with halo 2 is that the pistol is no longer a desert eagle ... . its just a 45 now but other than that it is ... well for lack of a better word , perfect .
 One of the most cleverly put together games that I have ever played , Halo 2 is without a doubt , better than the first . Much more detail and much more combat , it feels like you are really in the game . However there is a little too much problem solving and too many puzzles . Also , near the end of the game , a level ends in the middle of a battle with the leader of the enemy , which is very frustrating . But other than that , it is a very good game . Your allies in the game are very smart and will follow you around and protect you . Yes , Halo 2 is the best game ever !
 this game rocks because frankly i am really good at it . i like how i can use two guns at once and the guns make a really cool sound . my favorite weapon is the needler because its purple and shoots out spines that home in to the aliens and purple is my favorite color . the only cons is i think this game is too easy because i already beat the game twice already .
 Halo2 is probobly the most vantastic games very made being a huge fan of the first me and my friends waited until Nov9th cam I was petrafied to what a vantastic game it was you can do any thing that you think woulde be cool to do in a battle jack vehicles trade weopons with marinesIm afraid there are no quads but tons of new weopons and vehicles new enemys as wellbut aside from the campaign probobly the bigest heart stopper is how awsome the multi player is tons of maps and everything that is in campaign is also in multi player Im talking about Banshees Wraiths and Gun turretsTheres also an expansion to the multiplayer with 9 new huge levels and there are so much ways you can customize your charecter and u can even give him his own type of flag and the best part is that u can play onlineso pick up this game as soon as you can
 Halo 2 was a very good game . I liked how it stuck with the things that worked well for the 1st halo and added some new weapons for extra flavor . The single player story was just ok , but it also has it 's strong points . Also the fact that you get to play part of the game from the `` enemies '' point of view was very innovative.The multiplayer is also top notch . I know many times up at school we would all get together and have crazy network matches . The multiplayer served it 's purpose well
 I Think this game is awesome for people who are interested in first person shooters . I 'm actually a big fan of first person shooting like Turok
 I am not an X-Box fan . I think buying one is a waste because you can buy a PC and do more with that . But since Halo 2 is going to port to PC , I decided to try it on X-Box . Graphics - 10/10 The graphics are so detailed and elegant it is tearful . Honestly , they are some of the best that anyone could offer . Lighting effects are awesome -LRB- plasma explosions are cool -RRB- and character detail is exquisite . Blood and gore is n't that abundant , but cool anyways.Gameplay - 10/10 Playing the game is so addictive , especially on X-Box Live . Since I played it at a friend 's house , we played 8 player team fights for hours at a time . You have to be crafty to survive , and it pays to be familiar with the controls . The coolest mode is energy swords only.Controls - 10/10 With the S-style controller , the game runs smoothly and it is easy to aim/fire . With the old D-style controller -LRB- obviously for people with bigger hands -RRB- the game is still easy to control . You wo n't have a problem controlling this game -LRB- unless you use a particulary bad 3rd party controller -RRB- . Story - 7/10 The whole story revolves about this thing called the Halo that the Covenant wants to destroy stuff . Earth wants to destroy the Halo . The story is pretty good , but not entirely original.Sound - 10/10 The game audio is astounding , and voice acting is awardable . Some games have horrible voice acting , and this is n't one of them . Your ears wo n't bleed listening to this one.Overall - 9.4 / 10 This game was excellent . It is a classic . It will be hard to improve it in any way . I hope that with a good graphics card and a good processor on PC , that this game can be closer to perfection than it already is .
 That 's right , I 've actually finished the game and I enjoyed the game thoroughly . The graphics are really cool , and the game play is nice . Overall , everything is more or less better than before . That is everything , except for a few things like having to hold X longer to get into a vehicle , not always knowing where to go in a level -LRB- a personal difficulty , -RRB- and the lack of a true health bar.Now , my main problem with the game , do n't worry no spoiling here , is the end of the campaign mode . Put simply , it pre-empts Halo 3 , and it better come out soon ! . Yet , ignoring that the game is great fun , because , well it 's a Halo game .
 Halo 2 is a masterpiece . The game boasts absolutely stunning graphics , especially during CGI movies , an absolutely amazing soundtrack , humorous dialogue -LRB- especially from the marines and grunts in-game -RRB- and very fun game play . The only problem with this game is it is very difficult when you do not play on easy mode , but if you play on easy or co-op then the game should not be too overly difficult . The game is not actually all that bloody either , and is very fun to play on Xbox live or against 3 friends .
 Okay first things first . This game is better than the original Halo by far , and being a huge PS2 gamer , I must admit this game blows away any FPS game for the PS2 ; the only game that will give this a challenge is TimeSplitters
 Ok , I bought this game with high expectations . For the most part , it met or even exceeded my expectations . But sadly , it misses some key components as well.GRAPHICS
 I got this game last night after the midnight from Gamestop -LRB- have to wait in long line ! -RRB- . This morning , I open the game and started play Halo 2 and I am very awe of it . The graphic is awesome . It has more activie and shooting against aliens -LRB- kinda like Halo 1 in some way , only better -RRB- . Now , for deaf people out there -LRB- I am deaf too -RRB- that I would like to let you know that Halo 2 has SUBTITLE ! You can go to `` Set '' mode and turn on subtitle on just like DVD movie . That part impressive me mostly and make me enjoyed Halo 2 more than Halo -LRB- I play Halo once and can not find to turn subtitle on but Halo 2 has -RRB- . Thank for reading
 Look out crack dealers , there 's a new sheriff in town ... and its name is Halo 2 . OK , so I got this game a little early and have played a lot of the Campaign , which is pretty much the same as last time with one significant twist , which I wo n't ruin for you . The real kicker with this game is the Live Multiplayer function . Once I started , I could not stop for eight hours . The Live Multiplayer is so good that my fiance will most likely leave me and I will probably lose my job beacuse it is so incredibly addictive . If you have ever had/been to a Halo I Party where you and up to 16 of your friends could blast the S ** T out of each other , you know that having that capability `` on tap '' will threaten life as you now know it . Through the ranking system , they constantly challenge you with equal to better competitors . I am personally happy when I do n't finish dead last in a Rumble Match -- whereas I used to be in the top 2 or 3 among my other Halo geek friends!I really can not say enough good things about this game . If you want the most thrilling , addictive game EVER , buy Halo 2 and plug it in to XBOX LIVE ... I 'll be waiting there to put a buckshot in your face .
 no matter how much i play this with multiplayer it never gets old , the game is awesome .
 I know my review will have a lot of people `` disagreeing '' with me . I 'm waiting for my counter to show that . But I just ca n't give this game the glowing reviews professional game sites and other reviewers have been giving it.Microsoft is good at advertising and building hype . When Halo 2 was released , millions of fans were at the exploding point of anticipation waiting for it to be released . I was one of the crazies waiting in line until midnight in the cold and snow . I 'm not just a casual gamer who had a mild interest in Halo 2 . I was anticipating it with more ferver than any game -LRB- except Resident Evil 4 -RRB- coming out recently.IMO -- The bottom line
 First of all I love the first Halo , I have beaten it on every level of difficulty . Halo 2 is great !! I just got it today and i allready love it . It is a bit different than Halo but basic ideas are the same , shoot shoot and shoot some more . The graphics are a bit of a dissapointment , in some of the cut scenes the detail takes a second to fully come up.Weapons : Dual weilding isnt what its all craked up to be , with human weapons theres no grenade throw , reloading is slow and to melee you drop one gun , some times its hard enough to remember to reload one gun and with two its even harder . Covenant its a bit different the plasma pistols are only as fast as your fingers are over heating is a big problem , plasma rifles are better and worse they over heat easier but its easier to fire you only have to pull the trigger , needlers are much like human weapons . My favorite human weapon the pistol now does not have a scope and it has dual wielding . There is no assault rifle but a battle rifle , it is a hybrid of a pistol and assault rifle it has a 2X scope very accurate holds 36 rounds per mag but lacks auto fire but 3 round bursts . The submachine guns are very cool fast fire dual weilding . Sniper rifle , Shotgun , Rocket launcher , and grenade have all stayed the same . There are many new covenant weapons and old ones needlers now hold 30 rounds . Vehicles have mostly stayed the same . I hear multy player is great and xbox live games to . Great game overall .
 OK OK I 'm a 42 year old mom with a great 11 year old son.I admitI 'm a Halo junkie.When Halo first came out , I played with my son and was hooked . How many times have we played Halo ? About 15-20 times altogether.How many times will we play Halo 2 ? 15-20 on heroic and legendary alone.I read the review and he was dead on about alot of stuff , but I disagree with the cons regarding the suit . I think it makes the experience more realistic.The creators at Bungie did a wonderful thing . Creating a universally appealing story that combines myth , a great spiritual quest to be part of and is bigger than yourself , soul renching music and a peek into the male swaggering military humor we women now have the rare priviledge to enjoy -LRB- HOO RAH -RRB- ... uuummm ... and really cool weapons -LRB- Scorpion tank is my fav -RRB- . The fact that they balance the story by giving the Covenant a face to provide insight and depth for the gamer , goes a long way to promote a richness and compassion any good classic provides ... did I mention the weapons ? OH ... OK ... I did ... Single moms everywhere ... rent or buy this game ... get into sweats on a Friday or Saturday night , serve munchies you have to eat with your hands and soda to help you burp out loud ... and have the fun of being a guy with your son for the next 6-8 hours.This game is worth giving up that Friday or Saturday night date for
 I want to start off saying that this is the best game Xbox has ever created . The graphics are amazing ! I have never seen a game with better graphics . The story line is interesting in the sense that you really want to know what happens . There are very , very , little bad things about this game . All the mini movies are cool , the graphics are undoubtedly the best I have ever seen . The non-stop action is incredible , and the switching of players from covenant -LRB- aliens -RRB- to master chief -LRB- human -RRB- is awesome . This game is unmatched in every aspect ... way better than the amazing first Halo . This game has never let me down , I 've already beat the game and I still play it . Xbox Live is also fun . BUY THIS GAME !!!! This game is a lot harder on one player mode than the first one , but is a lot more fun on multiplayer . There are so many new additions . Like the last game , you can play on a team or versus . Capture the Flag on versus is awesome , and playing the game on a team with a friend is cool too.LISTEN TO ME !! THIS GAME WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN ... IT IS THE FUNNEST GAME EVER CREATED !!!!!
 Alright . I have been reading some reviews and getting confused here . Some people mentioned some bad stuff about this game that I have to claim false . I will give you the REAL pros and cons.Pros :1 . New guns and vehicles .2 . Great replay value .3 . Slightly improved graphics .4 . Awesome multiplayer .5 . Improved AI for both Marines and Covenent .6 . Now , you can play as an Elite for some missions . The Elite does n't have a flashlight , but a short active camouflage instead .7 . Now can be played with Xbox Live .8 . Banshee can now do tricks with the control stick and the A button .9 . The Rocket Launcher now has a lock on feature with vehicles .10 . You can now hijack vehicles .11 . You can now dual-wield single-hand guns .12 . Some people say here that the multiplayer screen is split vertically . This is not true . You can alter it to be horizontal or vertical .13 . All of the guns that are not equipped with a scope now have binoculars included . However , once you start shooting , it gets out of the binocular scope .14 . Some people now say that the Banshee in Multiplayer sucks because it does n't have the Fuel Rod Cannons equipped . Well actually , Bungie claims that if the Banshee did have the Fuel Rod Cannons equipped , the first person to get the Banshee would win.Cons :1 . Some places are too dark for the Master Chief or the Elite . Even with the flashlight ! 2 . Ok , a majority of the people here claim that the game lags after cinemas . This should only happen once . On the first level , after one cinema , the sound stops for a few seconds , then runs . This is the only time it should lag .3 . The Fuel Rod Cannon is not available in multiplayer . Bungie claims that the Fuel Rod Cannon is too powerful for multiplayer .4 . The Pistol -LRB- Now called the Magnum -RRB- now does n't have a scope equipped . However , it is much faster now .5 . Some people say that the guns take up too much of the screen . Well actually , the only gun that seems to take up too much of the screen is the Needler -LRB- When it is single , not dual-wielded -RRB- .6 . Some people now say that the Banshee in Multiplayer sucks because it does n't have the Fuel Rod Cannons equipped . Well actually , Bungie claims that if the Banshee did have the Fuel Rod Cannons equipped , the first person to get the Banshee would win .7 . I have n't figured out how to sprint , peek around corners , and use the turrets on the Wraith.Remember , before you mark this review `` Not helpful , '' keep in mind that I am only at the 11th level right now . So maybe they will tell me the controls for these things later . I will add to this review when I finish the game -LRB- If I finish the game , lol -RRB- . G2G !
 Halo & Half Life are the 2 best FPS 's period . The Original Halo set all new standards . This one is even better with greatly improved graphics , excellent sound , perfect controls and it is very well polished.The plot is great except for the ending which pretty much leaves everything hanging , like they ran out of space before they finished the story.Also in standard mode I completed it in under 12 hours . I 'm 59 years old , I 'm not that fast . You younger players are really going to be dissappointed with the length of single play campaign.The original Halo in standard mode took me a lot longer the first time and Hero mode on 2nd play through still took over 20 hours . It would easily have gotten 5 stars and best ever rating if it was about twice as long and had a little better sense of completion at the ending.I Havent done multiplayer yet , but have heard its great and still wouldnt upgrade 4 star rating due to pitiful shortness of single player .
 it is the best game to date . If you have an XBOX and you do n't have this game , something is wrong with you . So get off the computer and go buy the game already !
 Halo 2 took the original Halo and made it better . The entire game is extremely polished and all of the levels are jaw-dropping . The addition of Xbox Live multiplayer is great and Bungie did an unvbelievable job with the Xbox Live interface . The Halo 2 interface for Xbox Live is a model for all other game developers to look at . Bungie has raised the bar again . Beware ... if you buy this game make sure yoy get a Live subscription . And then beware because you will be addicted .
 Halo 2 is an excellent game , there 's no doubt in that . The core of the game still remains the same as the original , making it almost impossible to take a step backwards . The thing to think about here is how have the changes and improvements affected this game over its predecessor.For campaign mode the story is not quite as captivating as the original . In addition you need to have it on Heroic for any type of challenge . And , as many other reviews have said , the game is simply much shorter than the previous -LRB- the cut scenes graphically were a little dissapointing too -RRB- . However , the game is really entertaining . The maps are much more detailed , there 's more variance in the layout between checkpoints . They did a pretty good job in making the layout not as repetitive . Plus the scenery is pretty interactive and makes you do a lot more cool stuff to accomplish a mission.Weapons as well have changed a lot . They have increased the types of weapons , as well as improving ones that used to suck -LRB- the needler -RRB- and taking away some power from the pistol . The much talked about dual weilding is defiantly a nice advantage . It takes a little getting used to know how to use it best and the best combinations of weapons . Although people have complained about the fact you ca n't throw grenades while using it , it 's more realistic -LRB- you do only have two hands -RRB- . So they 've made it a powerful tool , but they did n't want it to be unstoppable . Basically it seems like they 've leveled the playing field more and although you may be disappointed because something is n't as dominate as before or than you thought it would be , ultimately it 's for the better.Same thing goes for vehicles
 For all you Halo fans there WILL be a Halo 3 . A Trilogy for Halo , excellent ... The weapons are great . Especially the fuel rod cannon . I have been waiting for this game since Halo I and this one did n't dissapoint me . However , as with too many games these days ... they are too short . I already finished the game . For those playing do n't turn it off after the credits , there is an ending scene after them . However the good outweighs the bad . The vehicles are destructible which is alot of fun , and the banshees have alittle bit better maneuverability than they did before . Rent it or buy it it is a great game .
 I missed out on this awesome game when it was first released . I had sold my original Xbox and had moved back to PC gaming . Once I picked up an Xbox 360 a few years ago I played Halo 3 and loved it and then I remembered this game . I can say that unlike the original Halo , this game automatically supports widescreen TV 's , so it looked great on my HD TV . It must be one of the funnest , best looking original Xbox games out there . Played great on the 360 too !
 -LRB- SOME SPOILERS FOLLOW -RRB- `` Halo 2 '' is a solid game in almost every respect and certainly stands head and shoulders above most other FPSs out there . That said , I could n't help but feel nostalgic for the original throughout the game.Bungie has made a few changes to the game in this outing and , unfortunately , most of them were changes that should n't have been made.For starters , the dual-wielding capability does n't add much to the game . With two guns in hand the player , understandably , ca n't throw grenades . But more frustrating is the fact that using the melee attack with two weapons causes you to toss the left one for no good reason . Furthermore , as other reviewers have posted , the guns really clutter up the screen . Even with only one , it seems to take up far more space than in `` Halo
 The only thing saving this game from being yet another piece of garbage is the ACCEPTABLE xbox live play . Even the multiplayer is flawed since the developers decided to not have dedicated servers . It takes at least 5 minutes at a time to find a game and those games usually only last 5-10 minutes -LRB- depending on game type -RRB- . The story was just another shoot-the-aliens-be-for-they-destroy-humanity , and since your the faceless badass in the suit its your job to shoot the same aliens over and over and over and over again until you reach end . Eventually you get to fight a boss but the boss is a push over . Do n't be suckered into buying this as I was . GET HALF LIFE 2 . Im not just saying that because Im a fanboy but because its superior in every way .
 Hi , My name is Andrew . And I am a big fan of halo so naturaly I bought halo 2 . Any way this game countinues the story of Halo frow where it left off in the first Halo . You start off bye fighting the covenent envaders that are now on Earth . So yoou get to hide behind burned and broken buildings , blow up cars on the street . -LRB- the cars are empty of course -RRB- . So thats a few cool things about fighting on Earth.Some new cool things about Halo 2 is that you can steal vehichels so if someone is driving toward you with a ghost you can jump on the front of the Ghost and kick the guy of and the take it for your self . You can do this to Tanks , warthogs , Ghosts , specters , wraths , and banshees . so it makes for a lot of fun on multiplayer . Plus more statigey in single player . and multiplayer.You also have a ton of new weapons like.The SMG -LRB- sub machine gun -RRB- , br55 rifle , Covenent carbine , Particle beam rigle , Brute shot , fuel rod gun , coveant Energy sword and a few others.The new drivable vehicles are the M12 warthog LAAV , the Banshee , the Wrath , the spectre , and the shadow.Also this Halo has Xbox live so you can compeat over the net with friends or enemys . So all together it is a great Great game . I am not the best writer but I no that this is one of the best titles in history . hands down
 BEST GAME EVER CREATED IT TRULY SADDENS MY HEART TO SEE HOW BAD HALO 3 WAS BUT VERY OPTIMISTIC FOR THE FUTURE WITH 343 INDUSTRIES GOING BACK TO THE ROOTS OF HALO FOR ALL THE TRUE DIE HARD FANS HALO 4 SHOULD BE EPIC
 This game is a good game although , some weapons dropped can not be used , which means you have to buy the third game ...
 Got this to play on the new Knect 360 slim but sadly I could n't get it to play - luckily I still have my old XBOX i put a new disk drive in . I love all the Halo series except Halo ODST .
 MY NEPHEW LOVES IT . APPARENTLEY HE HAD THIS GAME BEFORE AND HAS LOST IT . HE HAD LOOKED EVERY WHERE AND COULD NOT FIND IT . HE WAS SO EXCITED TO GET IT HE DID NOT CARE ABOUT ANY OF HIS OTHER GIFTS . HE SAID IT IS A GREAT GAME AND HE LOVES IT .
 Halo 2 is one of my favorite games of all time for the original Xbox . The story line and the game play are like no other game I 've played . I recomend it to anyone who has n't played the Halo series yet -LRB- which who has n't ?! -RRB- if they can find a copy . Enjoy !
 Coul n't find game new anywhere else for price . Was shipped and arrived on time : -RRB-
 this was the best game i ever played . The single player levels are pretty good but the multiplayer and xbox live is great . if you have xbox then u should definatly get this game
 I Got it 2nd day my eyes were staring at the T.V. for 3 hours . If you have Halo but do n't have Halo 2 get it-The Graphics are better than doom 3-The game is stay home fun-it 's only 49.99 -LRB- cheap for this game -RRB- - It makes U Speechless my rating is over infianate starsYa Heard Me - $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
 I hated XBOX ever since it came out . Then I heard all the talk about Halo 2 . Everyone said you have to play it . So finally I broke down and bought Halo 2 and an XBOX . I do n't have that many games but I do n't need to . Halo 2 is all I need . It 's true that the overall game is only around 7 or 8 hours but it 's the best 7 or 8 hours you 'll ever have . I love how you can use duel weapons . It is so much better preportioned then the new 007 game . The graphics once again show how the XBOX has better graphics then any other system . The story line is n't as good as the first but I 've seen worse . The replay value is n't as good as the first Halo which kind of sucks . I still play through the game over and over though due to it being so much fun . The multiplayer action is the best I 've ever seen . It 's so much fun . You can just play it with your friends for hours before noticeing that you 've been playing for that long . The online play is obviously just as good . When I played everything seemed to run smoothly and it was extremely fun . Overall it 's worth buying an XBOX just for this game . I did and I 'm not dissapointed . This is coming from somebody who loves playstation 2 also . So when I say this is a good game for the XBOX it 's a good game . But it and enjoy .
 If you played Halo you 'll love Halo 2 it has new improvements and additions that make the gameplay experience excelent and the multiplayer and online modes are excellent too
 THIS GAME IS OFF THE HOOK.I HAVE TRY IT AT MY COUSIN HOUSE.AND ALL I WANTED TO DO IS PLAY IT OVER AND OVER.THIS GAME IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BETTER THAN THE FIRST ONE.THE REASON ISAY IT 'S SO COOL IS THAT THE CONCONVENT ARE SO REALLY GRAPHIC.ILOVE THE STORY LINE AND ALL THE COOL NEW GUNS AND RIDES.BUTTHE MOST FAMOUS THING I LIKE IS HIJACKING THERE RIDES.THAT ` SWHY I GIVE THIS GAME 5 STARS .
 It has alot of action it is a great game for playing system link it 's really fun if you use four systems Knaa im sayin . The story is original the cut scens have Holley Wood perfectionit it 's better then bacon .
 not the game !!!!!!!!!!!! i have ps2 . god damn!why wont they make halo 2 for ps2 . i played it like 4 times at my friends and i want it -LRB- that -LSB- ... -RSB- told me to get a ps2 -RRB- dont get me wrong , ps2 is great ... but x box kicks ass . now im going to go and complain to everyone i know that i didnt buy an x box cause it was more expensive -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This game is one of the best I 've ever played . The 2 player co-op gameplay is awesome . The idea of dual-wielding weapons is a great idea .
 THIS GAME IS TRULY AMAZING . THE STORY , GRAPHICS , AI ARE TRULY AMAZING.HANDS DOWN THE BEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED EVER.THE AI IS SO CLEVER , IT MAKES YOU THINK YOU ARE PLAYING ANOTHER PERONS.I WOULD RATE THIS 6 STARS , BUT I CANT A TRUE BUY IN EVERY SENSE.GO HIT THE BUY BUTTON .
 METAL GEAR SOLID IS SO SWEET ! I PLAYED IT CONSTANTLY GOD ... I RENTED IT AND BEAT IT I CANT WAIT TILL I GET IT FOR X-MAS . The features of the game are so cool ... you got Camoflague , new guns , and the awsome snake vs monkey feature -LRB- u catch monkeys from the game APE ESCAPE -RRB- As the game starts you are in a jungle on SNakes first mission -LRB- DONT WORRY ITS A RAIDEN MASK TO THOSE RAIDEN HATERS -RRB- then you have to explore your way to sokolov 's camp area there you meet ocelot and eva -LRB- aka Tatyana Later on -RRB- then you have a conflict between ocelot 's men . you beat em then you got ta go further into the jungle . afterwards you verse the easy ocelot . -LRB- just shoot him while he reloads -RRB- afterwards your in a cave venture through and get to vs. the pain . he is very easy . After this you venture to Granin 's weapon lockout and after you speak to him you verse . The fear . -LRB- easy attack him when you see him climbing a tree -RRB- after this , you go further in the jungle and verse ... my worst hated boss ... the end ... he tkaes a long time to find then you just hunt him down through the areas . After this you go to a facility where you eventually meet the Fury which is easy as Heck . just shoot em while he searches for u on foot . After this you go to Volgin and sokolov 's weapon refineryThen after a LONG LONG LONG time you verse the metal gear Shagohod and then volgin . after you beat them you verse them as a fused version you got ta blow up ona bridge by shooting a c3 bomb placed . Then after all this you go toa meadow and verse THE BOSS and kill her . After dis you learn EVA * aka Tatyana * is really a chinese spy looking for the Legacy which is stolen by america and OCELOT was with the whole time ... when your at sokolov the first time how it says adam coodnt make it ... he did ... he was ocelot . . SORRY FOR RUINING THE STORY MAUHAHAHAH
 I loved this game so much . It had an excellent story and great graphics . It was so much fun . This game is a must have for any X box owner . It has a deep immersive story which keeps you on the edge . This is a great game .
 This Is By Far The Most Awesome Incredible Game I Have Ever Played But It 's Kinda Stupid If You Do n't Get It For Christmas Because When It 's Christmas Your Gona Have More Video Games To Play And You 'll Probably Get Back To Halo 2 In a Month Or SI use my brothers online name Online Name : chubakka3000
 This Game is simply amazing !! I have read some of the other reviews and a lot of people gave the game one star and complained about insignificant stuff . Like pop up on the cut scenes , who gives a F$ % ^ & , the game is still a lot of fun . If you are reviewing the game just on the single player than you are a retard . The longevity is on X-Box live !! I have customized all my own game variations and even gave them all my own names !! Me and my friends play huge 16 player battles in all the different game modes . Let me just say I have never had close to this mush fun on any other live game . The fact that you can customize all the game types to your liking is totally awesome !! I like king of the Hill , CTF , Team Oddball , and many others . Again if you are just judging this game on the single player than you are missing the point . Get the game and get X-Box live and get your team together because my team will kick your ass in CTF , got it punk .
 Even thought I just played the first level , `` The Heretic '' , the game had great graphics . The Duel part of two weapons was amazing . I just got it right now . I ca n't wait to finish it . Buy the game you wo n't be sorry .
 This is the best game for this gen of games . It really shines in multiplayer and is the best online console game ever . Halo 2 is a based on Halo but with new storyline , weapons , levels , and graphics . Oh boy ! The graphics . They are the best graphics I 've ever seen on a console . This is partly because Halo 2 uses something called `` Bumpmapping '' . Which has never been used before except for Halo . Giving an unique and awesome look . The gameplay is awesome . Some of the bad reviews are simply because Halo 2 was so hyped they could have released God in a box and people would still give it a bad review . People look for bad things instead of seeing all the good things . Overall , a perfect game that everyone that likes gaming what-so-ever should have .
 Ever since X - Box released Halo like 4 years ago everyone was talking about how awsome Halo 2 would be . I played Halo over a dozen times , and the finaly talked my self into buying it when it was only 20 bucks . On the first day Halo 2 came out , being impressed by the original and beong hyped up about all the chat thats been going on about it , I bought it . I played it , and was blown away by the graphics , and suprisingly the story was good . The weapons where cool , and the sound was of the hizzle . I felt like I was in a war with the people in the game . It really isnt everday a game can do that to you , so I guess I liked Halo 2 . I just was expecting it to be a tad bit better than it was , I do n't know why I just was n't plaesed 100 % with it , but a good 98 % . I 'd recommed buying this game now , or renting it . It 's pretty fun , and if you ' r a loser with nothing else better to do you proboly will like it .
 WOW ! I was so anxious for this game to come out , I had two annurisms ! Ok , I think I 'm only half way through it , but it 's great ! Exactly what I predicted in term of Alien vs. Human -LRB- You 'll see what I mean -RRB- . Apart from that , and the killer graphics , it has n't changed too much from the first . Which is actually , kind of a relief . As mentioned below , it is Halo V. 2.0 and the only original concept was the storyline and better graphics . What makes this Halo a bargain is the fact that I lied about putting it on Lay-a-way and bought it for $ 20 less . So there 's some poor 8 year old schmuck who 'll be crying because I stole his pre-ordered Halo game . Sorry buddy , you snooze , you lose . Also as mentioned below you ca n't zoom in and shoot the pistols , but the fact that you can use and be abused by the alien sniper gun makes up for that . I can tell there 's going to be a good ending . For those of you who have pre-ordered it , you get to have a limited edition silver case with a Halo 2 DVD special features accompaniment . Once again , sorry buddy.Some dude below me gave it one star , and I agree with the other dude , that he probably is on crack . It 's really a great game , I have n't looked online for cheats yet , but you really do n't need it I think . Well done microsoft , this game makes up for your crappy operating systems ! Yeah , that 's right - I 'm trashing you again Billy Boy ! -LRB- please do n't kill me :D -RRB- PART_DEUXOkay , I finally finished it on easy mode . And it is fantastic ! Thoroughly recommended . I 'm currently playing it for the second time and somehow being in my underwear heightens the mood .
 Halo 2 is the best game for Xbox and anybody that says that Halo sucks probally dont know a good game if it slapped them in the back of thier head OK HALO IS AN AWESOME GAME GO HALO !!!!!!
 THE GAME IS IS NOT SO FUN IF YOU PLAY IT ALON BUT IF YOU PLAY IT WITH A FREND OR SOMOWN ELS YOU WILL HAVE A BLAST AND THE BEST THING IN HALO 2 IS MOLTI PLAYIR VS IN XBOX LIVE !!!
 Let me preface this by saying I love Halo , and I 'm the reason 4 or more xboxes were bought in the past few years . I do n't play 1st person shooters other than Halo . I 'm a Madden-NCAA-Live-Nascar player , but Halo just is impossible to ignore . The big LAN parties are unreal , and blah blah blah . Anyway , I just bought 4 Halo 2 games , and was counting down the days until I could get my hands on it . Let me say that the game is great , but it still left something out.I 'm not a graphics , framerate , rendering , bump in grind mapping person , so let me just talk about experience . Halo 2 to me is just an extension of Halo . There are a few new options and new vehicles , but for the time I waited , I felt like there could 've been more . The weapons improvements were okay , but they should 've left the pistol alone . The Spartan weapons and vehicles are n't worth anything . You 're still left with the sniper rifle and the shotgun as the top two . I do like the new battle rifle with the scope , but it was n't all that impressive . You 'd think that after weilding and using covenant weapons for so long in Halo , that the UEMC whatever scientists would have come up with some more efficient weapons . I was highly disappointed that the ATV did n't show up in the game . The elite mission was monotonous in campaign mode . I spent more time wondering who to kill , than actually killing . I appreciated the twist and liked the story , but I was ready to be done with it . Overall I was disappointed in alot of things.That been said though , this game is awesome . It matches the theme of Halo . I love the story line in campaign mode . The troops are smarter and actually help out . The missions are great as a whole , especially the one 's outside on the highways or on the beaches . The music is cool , it puts you in to the game more and kinda put goosebumps on your back at the right time . Cooperative mode is nice as before , I 'm just waiting for the game that will allow a 4 player coop mode , or even more . Overall this game is great and I 'm sure if this was Halo 1 -LRB- CE -RRB- , I could sell a few more xboxes again . Halo was so good , and so innovative that it 's hard to match that level of awe , but I do feel that H2 matches or is not far behind in quality.The Multiplayer maps seem to be a little cluttered and dark this time around . I have n't gotten the LAN clan together yet , so we 'll have to see how it pans out . Coagulation -LRB- blood gulch -RRB- seems to be a good improvement . I like playing single flag CTF on Live in Zanzibar , but other than that the jury is out . Headlong seems to be promising , and waterworks is interesting also . Tried to play on Live , but could n't get a decent game yet . It 's hard and time consuming to get hooked up , but I have n't done it much yet as I 'm trying to get through the campaign mode . I work , so I do n't have time to sit around and learn how to spawn camp like some losers online , but the time I have spent has been addictive.This is a great game , and the goods far outweigh the bad . It 's top of the line in fun , and I recommend getting it to everyone . I 'm probably going to buy 2 more before Christmas if I can get my hands on them . The only this is the cursing , but I guess that 's why it was rated as high . I 'd have to think about whether or not to get it for a younger kid . Top of the line game , go get it !
 I do think this is the best game for the xbox so far . Some People may argue with that , but whatever . Its my opinion . Halo 2 has evolved greatly from Halo 1 -LRB- which was also an excellent game -RRB- . The most obviouse and noticeable is the graphics . The lighting effects are incredible . When the Master Chief comes out of the shadows you notice the light reflection off his armor . It 's amazing . Another graphic change that is n't a big deal , but it 's something truely incredible is when characters talk , their mouths do n't just bob up and down , it looks like they are actually speaking.The gameplay in Halo 2 is pretty much the same as Halo 1 . The only acception is the ablity to dual wield two weapons at once . This can make a major difference while playing multiplayer . The only drawback to this new ability is you can no longer use grenades because your `` free hand '' is no longer free.The single player campain is great , but i can see why some people think it is n't up to par . In the first Halo , I enjoyed playing the missions over and over again . In Halo 2 , it 's fun to play them a lot , but i got sick of them , and , as in all FPS games , once the single player is over , its over . After defeating the game on legendary , they replay value is very low.At about that time , multiplayer becomes the greatest aspect in the game . It 's blast to play with friends on split screen and system link . I could do that four hours on end . The real beauty of Halo 2 's multiplayer is in its online play . I have n't had much experience with this , though , because I have a terrible internet connection and do n't have XBox Live . I have played online at a friends house , and I could hardly leave it alone ! There is really no gaming experience equal to getting an `` un-freakin-believable '' -LRB- 25 kills without dieing -RRB- and then getting to rub it in while you view the stats screen.Bottom line
 I just bought the game this morning and have n't stopped playing it since . All the graphics and energy put into this game was great . Every detail must have been carefully designed to fit the game perfectly . The first halo was so good that I just knew the second had to be the greatest . I usually do n't write reviews and im still playing but I just had to tell you guys what a great job you did on this game .
 I think the biggest problem for many people when it comes to a sequel on a console is that they are hoping to relive that feeling of awe they got from the first game.In order to fully enjoy the sequels to a great game we actually have to keep our expectations lower and not let the hype suck us in.You should go into it with the idea that it is going to add more life and some new elements to the last one but not that its going to create that same awe inspiring wonder the original gave you because you 've already seen the basics before.Everytime the next generation of consoles comes out that first hit will be the best cause you are seeing this kind of technology for the first time.Some examples is like when N64 first came out with Orcania of Time and it gave new life to the Zelda series because we were in awe to see what the technology could achieve , but then when Majoras Mask came out we were a little let down that most of the elements were n't new to us anymore so we did n't recapture that awe inspiring feel with the sequel.More recently this has happened with the Grand Theft Auto series , GTA 3 was the reason i bought a PS 2 and though Vice City and San Andreas expanded on it and are better games , i did n't get the thrill that i got when we first saw what the PS 2 could do for GTA as opposed to what PS 1 could do with it -LRB- though i did enjoy all three very much so -RRB- . Now with Halo its the same thing.Those who gave it bad reviews bought into the hype too much and were expecting groud breaking improvements and felt disappointed when they played a game like the first with a few minor enhancements.And those who gave it good reviews i feel kept their expectations in perspective and simply hoped for a good game that would breathe some life back into Halo 1 with a new campaign and some improvements which is exactly what Bungie did and should be given much credit for.It is still the best FPS and it is still a great game that improves on the first.Its only natural to not feel exactly as awe inspired as you did with the first one since the Xbox has been out awhile now and we 've already seen similar technology with the first game.Could things have been done better ? Sure they could have and i think we nitpick more on small things when a game has this much hype , but lets be realistic ... is there any game in the history of video games that we did n't think to ourselves `` well they could have done this better , or that better '' . We can expect to be awe inspired again when Halo hits the next generation console and then not feel as much when a sequel comes out on that console to even if it is better than the first cause thats just the way it always been.With all that said , Halo 2 still deserves much praise and should n't be faulted because the basics are n't new to us this time around.It 's still the best FPS , its still takes the first Halo to a new level even if not as much as some people had wished , and in my opinion probably should be a no brainer for game of the year award.When the next generation systems come out we can get awe inspired again but until then we should enjoy what we have now and Halo 2 is no failure at all , gamers just have become more picky and expectations become higher when the newness of a consoles technology wears off and what used to be amazement turns into something gamers just expect now and will accept nothing less than the vision they have in their mind for what a game should be able to do.It does n't mean games have gotten worse in quality , it just means we have become more demanding and if you allow yourself to become to demanding you will suck all the fun right out of what should have been a fantastic gaming experience which Halo 2 in my mind has succeeded in delivering .
 Overall , Halo 2 is a good experience . The graphics are nice and there is a lot of intense action and unique moments in the single-player and multiplayer modes . Halo 2 is fun and will keep you occupied for a good amount of time . However , it is n't nearly as good as people thought it would be before release.First , it did n't `` wow '' me and give me that incredible feeling like the first Halo did . There are some cool new features , such as dual-wielding certain weapons -LRB- which is pretty balanced -- Halo 2 does it well -RRB- , stealing vehicles and more , however none of it really changes the overall gameplay . You 'll be playing mostly on Xbox Live , though there are lots of stupid kids on there.Also , Bungie lied . Before the release of Halo 2 , people thought it would possibly be the best game ever . People thought the single-player game would take place on Earth . Sadly , only the first few missions take place on Earth , and the rest of the game focuses on something different , which disappointed me . The single-player game is really short as well . Players will be able to complete it within a few days . The harder difficulty modes help a bit , though.Bungie took out many features as well . They said you would be able to sprint , pull off melee comboes and more . None of those features are in the game . I truly looked forward to using melee comboes.So overall , Halo 2 is a pretty good game , but it is n't nearly as good as what people thought it would be . It 's definitely worth experiencing , though . You 'll go through some memorable shoot-outs in the single-player and multiplayer modes . The music is incredible as well , and the graphics are nice too . If you do n't go into Halo 2 expecting the best game ever , you wo n't be disappointed . It 's pretty much another version of Halo with improved graphics , a bad story , Xbox Live play and a couple new features . It 's up to you if you want to spend $ 50 on it . I 'd buy Halo 2 if you have Xbox Live , but other than that the campaign is somewhat disappointing .
 When I first got Halo 2 , I was amazed . I did all my homework immediately once I got home from school because I was so anxious to play it . From all the stuff that I had heard and seen , it was going to be the best game out here.I loved the first Halo . The graphics would wake me up and the replay value was ... incredible . I played the game so much , I would sometimes stay up to midnight just playing it . This got me so eager to play Halo 2 . I was so eager , I would watch the E3 trailer over and over and over . I was so shocked at the look of the graphics , AI , and gameplay.Then , Halo 2 finally came out ... Obviously , I started shaking when I was playing it . I could n't even begin to imagine what it would be like . Too many thoughts of it poured into my head . I was n't even sure if I wanted to play Multiplayer first or the Campaign first . Since I felt I wanted to get a feel of the game , I did Campaign mode first . I made my account and expected the least of what came out.The Single Player : The first few levels -LRB- Cairo Station , Outskirts , Metropolis -RRB- were great ! I had fun taking a tank and getting my way through the bridge . It was also fun taking a sniper and shooting down a few Elites . Yeah , the first couple of levels were a real blast.The thing that shocked me was when I found out that there was a different character played in the game . The Arbiter . I liked the fact that he had active camo , but I was starting to get confused by the storyline . To be honest , I hated the Arbiter levels . I had no idea what the heck was going on and that the levels seemed dark and ... well , boring . Playing as the Arbiter really took away the feel of Halo from me.The AI seemed improved . I liked the idea of having the marines drive me while I would shoot down some covenant . It did irritate me , however , when the marines would get stuck or bash the vehicle into a wall and get stuck there . It made me wonder if these guys ever took a driver 's test , looking at the way they would handle driving a warthog . Elites would climb over some structurs and grunts were not as pathetic as they used to be.The vehicles were great . I liked the idea of having destructable vehicles . But in Multiplayer , it can really make you feel at some points that tanks are too powerful . They should be toned down by power a little bit . The Wraith has since it fires slower , but not the Scorpion . Other vehicles were nice to ride and interesting as well.The weapons are new , some good , some unfair . The Battle Rifle and the Plasma Pistol now make such a good combo that it is kind of cheap . The Magnum is also a powerful weapon when coupled with the Plasma Pistol . I feel that the Plasma Pistol needs to be toned down a little bit for reasons of fairness . You can shoot down someone 's shield and blast him with a Magnum or Battle Rifle . Other weapons , such as the snipers and such , were interesting and , as I would say it , cool . Especially the Rocket Launcher , I loved the lock-on feature.The ending was horrible . Just horrible . No one wants a cliff-hanging game . I was VERY shocked at the ending . I was just repeating to myself like `` Huh ? '' and such like that.As for the difficulties , finishing the game on Legendary did n't seem so rewarding as it used to be in the first Halo . If you finish the game on Legendary in Halo 2 , you just do n't get anything special except for the fact of knowing that you accomplished that factor . With the downgrade of the shield and such , it seemed near-impossible for me to get it done.Finally , the easter eggs ! My favorite part of the game . They were interesting and could make the game fun to see if you could get all the hidden skulls and if you could get a few other things along.Multiplayer : Unless you have Xbox Live -LRB- Unfortunately , I do n't -RRB- , the game in Multiplayer can get boring . I hate the fact of split screen , whats so ever . I hate it when I shoot a rocket and my brother knows to get out when and where at the time . It also does n't seem as fun as it is on Xbox Live.The maps were okay . I 'd much rather have Blood Gulch than Coagulation . Coagulation seems too `` cheap , '' as it almost looks like it was meant completely for sniping . Still , some of the maps , such like Zanzibar , ROCK.Summary : If you want a really good game and you have Xbox Live , I suggest you get the game . If you do n't have Xbox Live , rent it and see if you like it or not .
 Is this game 's appeal 50 % hype and only 50 % value ? Well , I was never a real fan of a shooting game , but prudence had me buy an X Box , this game , and a headset , and I never looked back . The biggest appeal of this game is the control . It is not revolutionary or ground-breaking , but the feel of it is such that attracts . It is n't the response but , say , the speed and timing of it . Other shooters have been either too fast -LRB- Quake III -RRB- , or too slow -LRB- James Bond series -RRB- . This game has fine-tuned the control of a shooting game . Even at first you 'll notice how user-friendly they are . After a while you really start to get intuitive . You 'll be switching weapons like tools , and shooting to your right or throwing a grenade to your left while heading for a target up ahead . Last but not least is the multiplayer factor . Tons of replay value . The campaign is OK , but online gaming with the ability to communicate and form teams with a game this easy to control has to be seen to be believed . The only downsides are just edges that 'll be smoothed out for part 3 , which include a lack of characters -LRB- only 2 -RRB- , bail-out option for when you 're in a vehicle and someone has you locked with the rocket launcher -LRB- certain demise -RRB- , weapons that 're unstoppable at close range one on one -LRB- sword , shotgun , rocket launcher and plasma-battle rifle combo -RRB- , broad maps with only two sniper rifles -LRB- rules the match if in good hands -RRB- , and the inability to custom-color your character -LRB- paint , not just selecting a few available -RRB- , which one would assume 744MHz could handle easily . May seem like a lot , but when the downsides can be identified this easily , you 're not far from a perfect game .
 Halo 2 is the best game that XBOX has out . It topped Halo . The graphics are awesome , the gameplay is timeless , and the fun factor is great . As far as educational value , it promotes great hand-eye coordination skills . This game is a must have for any XBOX owner
 For all of you who think that Halo 2 ca n't match up to the original , I will tell you one thing
 I will admit , I was a VERY late joiner into the world of Halo 1 , but when I finally sat down and played it , I kicked myself for not doing so earlier . With the announcement of Halo 2 it seemed like my life would be complete . Sadly it ALMOST made it to greatness , but a few odd decisions by Bungie kept it from quite getting there.Let me say first that the graphics are all top-notch and impressive as all get out . The AI seems bumped up a bit from Halo 1 and offers more of a challenge . Switching back and forth between master Chief and the Arbiter was a little awkward at first , but I eventually got into the idea . Sadly though , that seems to be the end of the positive improvements.The dual gun system , while a cool idea , is strangely executed . I can understand not being able to throw grenades while I have two guns , but melee attack makes me drop the left gun ? Huh ? If you are going to give me two guns , why take one away so easily and in such a silly fashion?While several new guns and vehicles are added , they seem to be there just to say they are there . Sure , some of them are a bit nifty such as the SMG auto pistol , however the Brute Gun , for the most part , is a waste of space . And a second version of the Plasma Rifle with a different overheat ratio ? Yeah , that was worth the programming time.I would have to say the biggest let down though ... we were promised Earth and yet only got a small taste of it . The Earth city levels are quite fun , but all too quickly we are whisked off to another Halo . From here on out it just feels too much like the first game with familiar landscapes , same old ring going over our head , Cortana still talking to us and so on . This just makes the game feel like `` Well , here we are again . '' . Sure , a sequel should follow somewhat in the originals footsteps , copying this much makes you feel more like you are playing an expansion of the first game instead of a true follow up.Speaking of the eventual sequel , the ending leaves a lot to be desired . You watch the cinema , which are all gorgeous by the way , and expect to launch into another battle , and instead you see credits . Not a good feeling.Where the game does shine though is in the online portion . This alone is worth the entire price of admission . Multiple game styles , a fantastic matching system to keep you with players in your same skill range , smooth texturing and on and on and on . This is truly one of the most enjoyable online gaming experiences around . True , some of the vehicle fights can be a tad unbalanced -LRB- Banshee Vs. Wraith comes to mind ... pity the Wraith -RRB- , but overall it is a well balanced experience.Overall I would have to say 4 out 5 stars . It would have reached 5 if it had been longer , stronger ending and been a bit more different from the original .
 and ready to kill some alienspros : - fantastic graphics-kick-@$$ gameplay-Great sound effects-new and more destructive weapons-nice plot outline-Flying is prett cool-duel wielding is just freakin awsome-Being covenant is cool , you get to use optic camoflauge whenever you want , and give the enemy what it did n't see comming.-Multiplayer just got better-Online mode is definitly the X-factor of the game . You get to kill , or be killed by people you do or do n't know . Or team up and stuff , and , well , it 's just awsome.-This game definitly replaces Halo for Best FPS on XboxCons : - Very short story , 3 days of campaign , come ON !! -LRB- Not to mention the cliffhanger ending , I think they did that to assure us a third Halo -RRB- - Sometimes there are slowdowns in cutsceenes -LRB- This is the freakin XBOX THE STRONGEST !! How can they let this happen -RRB- - If you are duel weilding and wan na switch , you got ta drop on of the 2 weapons -LRB- That contstantly pisses me off -RRB- - Same thing if oyu get on a vehichle-So-so on the voice acting-You ca n't shoot while in turbo mode on the covenent aircraft wehicles -LRB- It woulda made things easier -RRB- - I wish they had bots in multiplayer -LRB- Because my friends do n't come over everyday , Campain mode is n't a 70 hour action RPG , and sometimes I do n't like going online -RRB- - While using optic camoflauge with the covenent it has a short timer , and if you do a attack while in it , oyu lose it . Thats a bad downside.-Will master chief ever show his face !? -LRB- It be funny if he was a covenent , but that libally ai n't the case -RRB- Well Halo 2 definitly outshines the first Halo , but why the 4 star rating , because of it 's short story , no bots , and The fact that it was n't all that groundbreaking like it 's predicessor . But the real reason is that they could have realesed this game a year back , and they delay it all this time , and I just feel somewhat gyped . I mean come on , without the duel weilding , new weapons , extra multiplayer maps , and Xbox live , this would just be Halo . I was really hoping for it to go beyond the hype , like San Andreas did , but it did n't . Those who say Halo 2 is n't better than Halo is definitly lying . They knew dang well if this came out before Halo , odds are Halo would be sitting on shelves , while this game would be a household product . Anyone who wants the Xbox live experience , this is the best so far . Those looking for a Bigtime sequal , might be , a little , or very dissapointed . To me this game is a nice improvment over Halo , I really brounght this game looking for Live.Peace
 As a writer by trade , I know a great storyline when I see one , and Halo 2 has just that . The characters have grown up a bit , becoming more intertwined in their relationships and the environment around them.The covenant storyline is a welcome addition that serves to round out the overall game play . I like the fact that you now see the action from both sides as dark inner elements draw the main characters toward each other.I 'm not going to reveal much more on the storyline as to not ruin the many surprises that awaits.Overall , this game is a well designed fun fest that was worth the long wait . Now bring on Halo 3 !!!!
 Ok granted the first one was hard to top , bungie kinda came outta nowhere and produced a fabulous game . For all those that played the first one hours on end skepticism is to be expected but this game is outstanding . The best aspect is undoubtedly the multiplayer most would agree with this sentiment . However the single player is awesome , some whine and complain that the SP is worse than the first one which in some aspects is true but you got ta realize that youre comparing two great games and ya maybe some of the positive aspects of the first one were lost in the producing of the second . For example the human weapons are greatly reduced in power and efficency in the second one compared to the first . More specifically the human pistol is reduced to nearly useless -LRB- except dual weild -RRB- compared to the scope equiped powerhouse it was in the first . Another change thats not to great is the removal of the health bar in the second halo , for all those who snipe you know what i mean , in the first one you got that one tough shot in and took out the guys sheild and some health then later after his sheild recharged you got that second shot and took more health and finally after he comes out of hiding again u finish him off . The second halo isnt like this you need two shots in succesion cuz theres no health bar just a reduced sheild and some measurement of strengh after the sheilds gone ????? Finally the real drawback to halo 2 is the story line , while amazing its not as creative as the first , granted the concempts are no longer new and bungie cant string us along with `` discovering the aliens and their plot '' in the second but still theres got ta be a little more creative power then what was put into the storyline . The whole convenant campaign was kinda cool but what happened to `` assualt on the control room '' jus you and some marines rolling around in a huge tank taking down the alien scum now thats a level worth playing . The new weapons and enemies are cool but the plot agian was pretty mundane at best . i would 've liked to play a level where maybe youre in the middle of a huge city like new york and you have to shot down the covenant before they over run the city , sumthin ... i dunno . Neways put down the SP for a rainy day and log into xbox live , now the trick is being able to log off , i could n't . The best game ever made comes to mind as you wait for the game to load and go nuts w / 7 other players . I 've played all the great games in all categories i mean 007 goldeneye for you old schoolers , diablo 2 for PC , so much C and C -LRB- command and conquer -RRB- its comin out my ears , splinter cell , prince of persia , half life -LRB- all of em -RRB- , i mean u name it ive played it , but il tell you none of em even compares to halo 2 on live . The level system keeps things pretty even and you can play for hours without the hint of boredom , the levels rotate as do the weapons . Jus buy the game its worth it ten fold and dont forget xbox live . Halo 2 is easily the best game 4 xbox , but w / live it makes it easily the best game ever made , youll never want another game ever ... ezcept for maybe halo 3 ...
 My friend Earl bought Pacman the other day and i have to say its awesome !! The graphics are awesome and you get really addicted in a few seconds . It took us about 2 months to beat but it was worth it because when we beat it we became the most popular kids in town and everyone wanted to buy us ice cream and donuts . We then bought tetris and i have to say , the graphics and gameplay for this game are unbelievable . We 've had it for a month and a half now and still have n't beat it but i 'm hoping we 'll beat it before the year is over !
 First off ill reveiw the single player game . The ending of the first Halo ends in a cliff hanger and if you read the book First Strike it seta up perfectly for Halo2 . When the game starts you are on a space station being given awards of valor and such and everything seems right , but then the coventent appear and attach to you ship and the action doesnt stop not even at the end of the game . The controls havent changed dramaticly other than the duel wiedldin -LRB- which is awesome -RRB- which is a good thing the weapons , new and old , seem more balanced and easy to control but that does not make the game easier . the story is great and ends in a huge cliffhanger . The game on normal isnt hard but its not easy but Legendary and even heroic will rule you unless you are a great halo player . Overal the single player is good but i felt that it was to short even though playing through it multiple times is always fun.Now the Multiplayer.The XBOX Live is simply amazing . PLayible with up to 16 players it delivers a addictave experience . it supports friends , clans , clan matches and rankings on bungie.net thats all i can really say about this game . picking this game up is a no-brainer this is a must have for anyone who likes shooters , story and multiplayer .
 I remember a story my friend once told me about his friend . Earl was at the mall and he all of a sudden had an intense desire to do a number 2 so he searched for a bathroom.He soon found one but the bad news was the men 's bathroom was locked . He decided he did n't care so he entered the women 's bathroom in a rush and started to do his business . He soon realized he had diarrhea and the farting noises were really loud and the women in the bathroom were terrified but Jordan just kept at it . The women though it was rude and the children were frightened . Soon the whole bathroom stunk of the worst imaginable smell and the air turned green so the women tried to escape through the bathroom door and windows but it was too late . The green air had now turned a dark violet and it was becoming a deadly toxic . The women were dying one by one and some of them had their own skin melt and get a severe case of AIDS from each other as their liquid skin and fluids mingled . The children melted too and soon the whole bathroom became a woman soup . But then Bob the Janitor walked in to see what was up and mopped up the soup into a small container and took it outside for the dogs . The dogs drank it fast and got rabies . Earl was just done with his number 2 so he left the bathroom and walked back home . On the way home one of the dogs from the mall found him and bit him and he was infected with rabies too . Sixty-Nine days later the whole world was plagued by rabies and vicious rabies infected human beings killed each other until there was noone left . That was when Superman , Batman , Robin and Joe the fire man saved the world . This is a true story that happened to the friend of my friend .
 Halo 2 is an amazing game . I know that many people have already reviewed it but I want to throw in my two cents . This game -LRB- along with the original Halo -RRB- is really the best first-person shooter game on XBox , PS , and GameCube.The graphics are amazing and very realistic . The animations are incredible and all the scenery is really awesome . The reflections , the water , the sky , and all the scenery make this game very visually pleasing.Add to that the awesome action and you 've got yourself one really fun game.I think the multiplayer capabilities are extremely good . I play multiplayer on one TV and it 's split screen-which is really fun-and the graphics are still pretty good for split screen.I feel like the rating for this game is somewhat deceiving . Unlike games like the infamous Grand Theft Auto San Andreas where there is violence , cursing , and obscenity , this game just has some violence and gore-which actually is n't that much when you play multiplayer . Anyway I think it 's rather farcical that on the news they complain so much about violence in video games and trying to prevent the little children from playing it . HELLO
 I think the game is totaly awesome.You have cool new abilities like dual wielding some guns and bording enemy ships.Also that in Halo 1 your allies where weak and in the new version they can do something else than just shooting.The only thing I dislike about the game is that in cooperative mode the game dos n't save the process.But in general I think it is much better than Halo 1 .
 if you havent gotten halo2 and have a xbox its like you dont even have a xbox I got my on november 9 at target with a free strategy guide I was hoping for limited edition but I was short on cash so I went for regular and im planning to get limited edition later I bet when you go in to your local blockbuster of gamestop you have seen all these earth will never be the same well there are only TWO levels on earth and if have you played the E3 2003 demo all that is not in halo2 besides earth everything is awesome but also some things I was really hoping for was taken out like the ATVs and there is only one new kind of warthog and thats the the rocket launcher warthog non of the warthogs the internet said no gauss warthogs no snow warthogs no jungle warthogs and no transport warthogs also what made me steaming hot -LRB- you shouldnt read this if you dont want go crazy and start tearing you house apart board by board and sueing bungie -RRB- YOU CANT DRIVE PELICANS I repeat you can noy drive pelicans youre not even inside it except for cinematics and they also took off the scope of the precious pistol and the last con ending sucks ok lets get to the pros : new halo ring , A.I is awesome , every body can drive vehicles even flood , half of the campain you play as a covenant elite named the Arbiter , the scorpion tank is awesome , can pilot ANY vehicle the only air vehicle you can pilot is the banshee , multiplayer maps are awesome , can play as covenant elite in multiplayer , can design your armor and can put cool and some funny emblems on multi player , and banshee in multiplayer there are a ton more things amazing about halo 2 not on my review so listen up go straight to your your local gamestore and if not there go next one and so on and buy HALO2 NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 In Halo2 , there 's good and there 's bad ! For example new weapons , vehicles , upgrades and other features , but at the same time there is the point that you only have energy shields , not health . Countering that there 's the addittion of elites in multiplayer ! Also , there is new weapons like the covenant rocket thing.Then there 's the vehical additions and new vehicles . What do yo think ? I rate this game a 9.9 out of 10 . Who could forget about highjacking vehicles while they 're moving ! -LRB- that 's one of my favorite parts . -RRB- What 's yours ?
 i dont own it but my buddy does and its is awesome i love it duel weildind new armory mutiplayer . multiplayer is awesome thogh the shold have put in some small 1s and packed tjem with 3 wepons that would have been fun survoal of the fitist
 This game is reallly a good game for the Xbox if you own an Xbox and dont own this game you are missing out . Yea this game does have a flaws . The Graphics are a bit wierd for example when u shoot a rocket launcher . And yea some of us were expecting different types of warthogs . But overall the gameplay is solid . Its a fun game that with the Xbox live makes it a fun party game . Its not perfect but its pretty darn close .
 I 'm not going to get into great detail , because i have nothing to complian about ecxept for one thing ... the campaign is way too short . It made me so mad when i finally realized that i was watching the end of the game . This game is so good that it 's so dissapointing to see that your done , just when it gets really , really good . It 's over , but i will have to admit it 's good selling strategy i ca n't wait for the next halo and to see what new things they come up with .
 I own Halo Combat Evolved -LRB- Halo 1 -RRB- and its pretty good but when I played Halo 2 at my cousins house it blew Evolved right of the map ! Great graphics , awesome game play , about 1000 different weapons -LRB- alien and UNSC -RRB- . You get to play as the alien traitor `` THE ARBITER '' and Master Chief -LRB- rip out guts tough as nails type of guy -RRB- . Unfortunately as `` THE ARBITER '' you can 's kill humans . Story lines ... eh ... who am I kiding it sucked but ya ' know , ya ' win some ya ' lose some . I strongly recommend this game ! Oh , buy the way this game would n't be rated M if when you whack a flood -LRB- zombie like creatures -RRB- they kinda ' explode .
 Halo 2 is a great game with quality flare and just about everything imaginable to back it up . There is no true flaw to this game but nothing exactly in the game feels non-stop . Not to say that there is n't moments where you just ca n't help but scream `` I love this game '' , but there could be more heart pounding scences.Halo like many FPS 's has a pretty bland story and you feel yourself just skipping many story elements for the basic fact that they are too long . The game exceeds any game of it 's time but feel as if `` we 've done this before right ? '' . Halo has many vehicles to choose from , Tanks , Aircrafts and hovercrafts . The one thing though is that there is not a wide array to choose from and the aircraft you see most in the game you can not even pilot it.One of the changes from the old game is now you are able to use a sword and believe me many people wanted it in the game . It can be difficult to use it as the sword loses power everytime you attack an object . There is only one sword to choose from which does n't help the lack of weapons . You do go through many weapons but it can feel all too easy to get caught up using one weapon . In intense levels though you frequently must pick up another weapon to battle the aliens that want to kill you.A few things in the game are destructible but not enough to feel like that much of an intense firefight . Many of the times instead you will see the marks of a shot in the wall or the blood of you or your enemies , which makes it feel like a warzone after it is all said and done . Many times in the game you have A.I controlled partners who are extremely smart in fact if they see you killing too many of them they will start to fire back at you and eventually kill you if you do n't kill them.The multiplayer easily is the best thing about this game . There are over 10 maps to choose from each with a different scenery from the next and there are a few revamped old school maps . The thing that makes the multiplayer s great is co-op when fighting with a friend against two other friends it feels so real and alive that you burst out with excitement . You can customize just about everything in the level from the weapons it will have on it to the vehicles it will have on it.More over the game never has that many dull moments although in campaign backtracking can feel wierd and you get lost easily . The game is not a rent it 's a buy the game is the best game on the xbox to date and when its sequel comes out for xbox 360 you can bet it will be a hit too .
 Basically , if you liked Halo , you will like its sequel . Here 's a rundown of the new pros and cons : Pro
 Not since Quake 2 has a science fiction shooter sucked me in . Halo 2 is the best in the series .
 I 'm not a gamer . The most game I 'll dabble in are games based off of movies or shows that I loved . So I really do n't know much about what makes a great game a great game . I 've enjoyedCrash BandicootandResident Evil 4when I played , but only moderately . The story of how I got interested in HALO is very different than those . See , my friends love playing games , and when we 'd chill and drink , the nights that we did n't go out would end in them playing against each other in HALO 3 . Eventually , tired of being the odd man out , I picked up a controller and started playing ... and naturally , got killed in each round . So I went home to practice , and since my dad loves games , all I had to do was ask him to borrow HALO 2 . I started playing with the intention of ignoring the story and game play and just logging in some basic practice.Well , turns out , the game rocks . The graphic were great , the story was enthralling and lacked the cheesy dialogue that even games hailed as the best of the best -LRB- the aforementionedResident Evil 4 -RRB- were rife with , and the gameplay was simply great . Each board is so interesting and throws you into such different , complex worlds that you sort of feel a mixture of triumph and regret every time you beat one level and move onto the next.I had every intention of using HALO 2 to practice so I could whoop my buddies when we play HALO 3 together , but the game is just so good that I could n't help but stick it out to the end and beat it . It 's challenging but not overly hard and -- most importantly -- a very fun game .9 / 10
 Halo 2 is a good game , but not perfect . The campaign is fun , a little short , but fun . The levels are great on any difficulty , and I love the Elite missions . They are fun and challenging , a great twist to the game . The only two things I wished that did not happen in the game was the short storyline , and the ending . They leave you hanging , waiting for the third Halo . Campaign is fun , but it is not a fun game unless it has a good multiplayer . The multiplayer maps are great , but there are not enough of them . Bungie could have waited a while to bring out the game to make more multiplayer maps . Overall a good game.Campaign - 4 starsMultiplayer - 4 starsFun - 5 starsAlso here are some cheats : To get the blind skull start the map Outskirts . Walk through the first door and crouch jump onto one of the lights . Then look to the leftand you will see a wall . Run at the wall and crouch jump onto that wall . Walk foward about 10 steps and look left . You should see a hallway . Go to the end of that hallway and press x to pick up the skull .
 After the incredible installment of Halo it seemed like every gamer around simply could n't wait to play the follow up ! Well here it is , finally in my hands ! I 'm happy to report that overall this is a very solid follow-up to the first installment . There are a couple minor things that I did n't like , but there are a lot of things they added into the game that are just awesome.After the first game I was kind of wondering how they would follow it up since the Halo facility blew up and the Master Chief with Cortana were the only two sentient beings left alive . Well Halo 2 brings us deeper into the lore of the rings and their Forerunner builders . Apparently there is definitely more than one ring , or else this game would n't have made as much sense without a Halo facility . I really do n't want to give away any of the story line because it 's a really intriguing story so far . To be honest the story is really what held this game together for me , but let 's just say that they end up coming upon another Halo ring and there is already a major Covenant armada on site . The best chance for survival is to get onto Halo and fight from there because we all know the Covenant will not destroy the ring . The best part of the story is that the covenant between the species that make up the Covenant does n't seem to be nearly as strong as we all assumed . In order to take us down that path we get to play as a Covenant elite named the Arbiter . This is one of the better changes they made to this game ! It was a lot of fun to play on this side of war and see things from their perspective.That 's all I 'll get into for the story . Honestly the game play and mission details are fairly rehashed from the first Halo . This is sort of unfortunate , but somewhat expected because what 's Halo without Halo ? But running missions through the Library to find the Index again seemed tedious and uncreative , although they managed to spice them up a little by throwing in the new Brute character named Tartarus -LRB- and the brutes in general -RRB- . The thing that really saved these repetitive elements was the backdrop story of the Covenant . Also they threw in new lush atmospheres found on Halo . Halo is a big place and it stands to reason that not every place is going to look the same , so it was nice to see them try and capitalize on newer elements . This gives us some familiar maps and ground as well as giving us whole new terrains to explore . One of my favorite is that at one point we end up on Earth and go through a whole urban warfare sequence . That was probably one of my favorite parts of the game.Aside from the repeated levels the only other major problem I had with this game was the HUD . If you read my review for the first game you would remember that I mentioned that the view was great because it gave you sort of a mock peripheral vision . In this game it feels like you 're looking through a very confined screen , which makes it a little more difficult to play in co-op mode . This is unfortunate because it feels like they removed something that I thought was an improvement to a First Person Shooter game , maybe they felt it was an error ? Of course I think this was more than made up for by being able to dual wield weapons and being able to use the Covenant energy swords . Though they got rid of the MA5B standard issue assault rifle from the original game and that made me sort of sad . Oh well , I can now wield two Needlers!Overall I thought this was a very fun game . I even enjoyed going through the Library again , so while some may find that `` uncreative '' , which it is , I still enjoyed it . The Flood takes a bit of a back seat in this game and show up more as an annoyance until a big revelation at the end . Story wise this game is much bigger and more ambitious . I think if you were into Halo for the unique world and story you will also like Halo 2 just as much . So be prepared for a wild ride to save the universe and see how precarious the Covenant 's species allegiance just might be.Overall Rating
 Halo 2 is a good FPS shooter that has many different missions , excellent multiplayer . The missions range from destroying a huge , montrous covennent vheicle known has a scarab , to hunting down heretics , and to murduring brutes . the multiplayer has some old original maps including blood gulch -LRB- now known has coagulation -RRB- and wizird 9mow known has worlock -RRB- and several new ones like zannzibar , lock down , and containment -LRB- the last one is on the mappack -RRB- . There are new weapons like the battle rifle , the smg , the covenent carbine , the beam rifle , the brute shot and a laser . The gameplay is excellent . You can play has master chief and the arbiter . if you like FPS , you 'll love this one !
 Alright , so this game is probably my favorite game of all time thus far . It is an amazing first person shooter and has everything you could want in a game and plenty more . A long and fun single player campaign and a HUGE multiplayer experience for those gamers with xbox live -LRB- or split screen , LAN , etc -RRB- . The graphics of this game are amazing and really showed the true power of the Xbox . From lighting , to the textures , everything is great to look at . The single player campaign is definitely a fun experience and is well worth playing over and over again . The ending is a bit , blah , but other than that it was awesome . There are a lot of changes from the original Halo and in my opinion they are all for the better . There are many new weapons and the ability to dual wield two smaller weapons , making for some great gameplay . Overall , the single player game is enough to buy this game alone , but for those people looking for a great xbox live game , this is certainly the one to buy.The multiplayer experience of this game is awesome in every way . CHEATERS obviously get in the way of having a perfectly fun experience , but aside from that its great . Plus , lately I 've come across less and less cheating over xbox live . There is a unique ranking system , which ranks players from 1-50 , 1 being the lowest and 50 the highest . It 's pretty much impossible to become a level 50 without cheating and I highly doubt it has been done before . All of your wins and losses come into play here and your ranks are setup across different `` matchmaking playlists . '' Some of the more popular examples are team slayer , team hardcore , and rumble slayer . These playlists get updated regularly to please the gamers worldwide . I must commend the Bungie team for doing such a good job with this . They are even starting to ban more and more cheaters daily , something that is also great ! Overall , playing this game over xbox live can and will become an addiction -LRB- that is if you like the game -RRB- . Some people feel it 's to `` run and gun '' to them , but in my opinion it is pure fun and excitement . It definitely has `` pick up and play '' qualities , which makes it great for people who just want to do exactly that , pick up and play . There is obviously some skill involved with this game , but because of the ranking system , players should be matched with others of there same skill level , another good thing . A definite buy for all xbox and 360 owners looking for a great gaming experience . Even though the game came out in 2004 , it still lives up to standards and it still one of the most -LRB- usually most -RRB- played game over xbox live . Now all we have to do is wait for Halo 3 and a new addiction will emerge ! ?
 Halo 2 is an awesome game . But I dont think that I have ever played the Single player version . If you buy Halo 2 ... Dont even bother with the normal mode . Buy Xbox live . You can make lots of friends . Level 50 is the highest . You can make montages , too . My brother is in his room 24/7 . So if you want to buy Halo 2 ... Buy Xbox live , too .
 Okay , where do I start ? Halo 2 is an awesome game . It 's grpahics are 50 times better than it 's predeccesor . Your MJOLINIR Mark VI armor is very detailed , as so are the marines , vehicles , and basiclly everything else in the game.Now the sound ... the music are very nice . There are some modified songs from Halo 1 as well as new ones . The sound effects are excellent.The storyline/concept is very good as well . Master Chief is back with the UNSC fighting the Covenant for humanity 's survival . At some point in the game you play as the Covenant too ! Now there is also dual-wielding capabilities with SMG 's and more and hi-jacking enemy vehicles !!! * faint * Think those are the only mouth-watering thing to drool over ? Think again.There is improved multiplayer as well as online play ! You can have your character be a Spartan like the master chief or a covenant elite . Also , make your character any color you want . Over 15 maps and game types , this is the best online play the Xbox have to offer.Now , I 'll make things shorter-Pros-Dual-wielding-Online play-Excellent graphics-Great sound-Hi-jacking capabilities-Online play-Play as Covenant-Great storyline-Awesome ControlsCons-Ending is a cliffhanger-Noting else much reallyPerplexing-What happens next ??? So I 'll give this game a 10/10Hope you find this review helpful!P.S . - There is an expansion pack with deleted scenes and more maps . Do n't forget to buy that and Halo 1 !
 I personally think Halo
 This is just a short review of the multiplayer aspect of Halo 2 . I dont even play the single player game , it is boring for me . When it comes to the mulitplayer game though , I can honestly say that this is the best multiplayer first-person shooter avaiable on xbox . Online play is the best for me , because it allows me to play in full screen and still play with 1 - 15 other players . And with the voice headset , it only enhances the experience . I am able to communicate with my teamates , and chat with anybody in the pregame lobby . This was the game that I bought with my xbox 8 months ago , and it is still my favorite game . Trust me ... sit down , learn the controls , get xbox live ... this will be the best game you have ever played .
 We owned and loved the first Halo , so we def . had to go out and get the second one . I can say it is well worth the money . You have more weapons , more vehicles you can use.The only down part I have seen thus far is the tank they offer goes so slow . Seem to take you forever to get anywhere . Other then that it 's even better then the first one so far ...
 Let me first start this review by saying that this is NOT the best FPS ever made . That honor still belongs to Halo 1 , which I believe will not be topped for a very long time -LRB- even when Halo 3 comes out -RRB- . Another question
 Halo 2 is , of course , the follow up to the great Halo . I 've decided to split this review into two different reviews -LRB- both pretty short -RRB- one for the single player/co-op and one for the multiplayer -LRB- Over X-Box Live -RRB- . Single Player/Co-op
 Halo 2 is one of the best games EVER . Halo 2 is in touch and kicks ass good . Halo 2 is perfect to the State of the art graphics to almost real lifeway physics . The characters seem real . Halo 2 is like War of the worlds on a disk . Execpt without Tom Curse but who needs him . Halo 2 is Outstanding and the story is great . It is great you get to play as the other alien dude . Yea , you dont just play as Master cheif anymore . Halo 2 is just what the Xbox needed . The weapons are same ol same ol which is a good thing . Anyway there is another halo spotted and Mastrer Chief has to save the world along with his partners in succses . Halo will have you playing for hours and hours untill you beat the game , witch brings us to our first and only negative of this game . The game is way to short , There are only a 14 levels . Unless you but it on extra hard . Halo 2 has the qualities of being the best game this year . Which has a hard battle with Resident evil 4 and Half life 2 and the ever popular World of warcraft . But halo 2 gets 5 stars no problem . It is that good
 I see others are irritated by Amazon not shipping pre-ordered copies of Halo 2 , so I thought I 'd just add my voice to the chorus of jeers . When you pre-order a game you expect the game to be delivered in a timely fashion , not 5 days after the release date which is what it looks like Amazon is going to do with my order of Halo 2 . Worse , I could easily run down to Best Buy and pick myself up a copy right off the shelf , but Amazon has placed my order into its `` order can not be canceled '' mode . Its been in `` processing for being shipped '' for 3 days now with a delivery estimate of November 8th . I have written an e-mail to Amazon 's customer service and have not gotten a response . This is the last time I 'll pre-order a game from Amazon . *** UPDATE **** I just received an apology e-mail from Amazon saying that they received their supplies late and that they are `` currently processing the order '' -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . I can understand that the game is very popular and there are a lot of orders to process , but still , that 's why you offer pre-orders so you can anticipate this demand .
 Most everyone 's heard of Halo , one way or another . Bungie single-handedly raised the bar for first-person shooters when Halo was released as a launch title for the Xbox . It quickly gained `` legendary '' status among many gamers , for both its carefully designed campaign and endlessly entertaining multiplayer options . Halo sold millions of copies , won many awards , and is regarded as the best first-person shooter on modern consoles.A sequel quickly became a matter of `` when '' rather than `` if '' , and fans everywhere worked themselves into a frenzy whenever one tiny speck of new information trickled out from the locked-down Bungie labs . The emergence of Xbox Live also created dreams of multiplayer mayhem never before considered . Needless to say , the hype surrounding Halo 2 reached feverish , surreal proportions -LRB- supported by a brilliant marketing ploy called ilovebees.com -RRB- , and by the time the November release date was announced in early 2004 , Microsoft had already pre-sold close to two million copies.How on earth could Bungie possibly live up to it ? Incredibly , they did ... halfway . Halo 2 multiplayer is as good as the most rabid fanboy could dream , except for the inexplicable removal of system-link co-op play for the campaign mode . Splitscreen returns for the offline sector , with a versatile selection of maps and options galore . And Halo 2 online is just about as perfect as you 'd want . More vehicles , interesting map design -LRB- downloadable content coming later via Xbox Live -RRB- , nicer weapon balance via the new dual-wielding , and interactive environments make for some of the best deathmatching -LRB- and CTF-ing -RRB- you could want . This is where the action is , and you can bet Xbox Live will gain lots of new subscribers ... if they 'll fit on the crowded servers , that is.In fact , multiplayer is so well-done , it 's hard to believe that Halo 2 's single-player mode -LRB- co-op in splitscreen -RRB- was developed by the same Bungie . The original Halo 's campaign had a gripping story , intelligent enemies , brilliant level design , and a diverse , equally useful selection of weapons . Almost all of this is missing in Halo 2 . A friend of mine described Halo 2 's campaign as `` a really good mod , if I did n't know any better '' , and I think that 's a perfect portrayal . Good ? Yes - in parts . Up to the original ? Not even close.It 's really hard to believe that it 's so faulty , especially since multiplayer was done with such obvious care . The fanboy conspiracies are popping up constantly , and you ca n't really blame them . It 's not poor in a technical sense , but rather in a design sense . Whether it was technological or time constraints , that ol' lovin feelin is gone ... gone ... gone.One of the problems is the story . The Covenant are invading Earth , and there 's a second galaxy-shattering Halo weapon to deal with . To use kind words , you will be totally baffled by the ending , and not in a good way . Imagine reading a book , riding a crest of events rushing towards a climactic encounter , only to discover someone has ripped out the last five chapters . Yep . Anyone who played Legacy of Kain
 I do n't believe this ! I was just getting into this game & the credits started rolling ! I was on my way back to Earth , getting excited & anticipating the most awesome battle & then the friggin credits started . And then after the credits were finished there was a scene of Cortana talking to the Elder God from Soul Reaver . I 'm not kidding , it looked just like Audrey II , the plant from Little Shop Of Horrors & spoke like the Elder God from Soul Reaver . WTF ??? The game was awesome up until that point . I only have 3 complaints ; 1 . The cliffhanger ending , I hate cliffhangers ! 2 . The Elder God rip-off from Soul Reaver .3 . Not enough places to use vehicles.I have n't played the multiplayer game yet so this is only about the 1 player campaign . I would have given this game 5 stars if that cliffhanger ending did n't piss me off so badly . It feels like they only released the first half of the game & we 're gon na have to wait another 3 years -LRB- or more -RRB- to see the second half . I hate when they do this crap . This is gon na piss a lot of people off !!!
 This is my favorite game , and it probably will be until the third . The graphics are the first to catch your attention . Once you start playing , the story and music hold onto you until the end . The weak ending is the only flaw . No other problems will appear . The weapons , enemies and vehicles all grab you away from any pretender , like the first Halo . Once you 're done with the campaign , head ammediately to Xbox Live or whatever else form of multiplayer . Always have a friend . This is only a quick review . You MUST get this game !
 Halo 2 ReviewHalo 2 , the sequel to the widely praised shooter and the best-selling game , the original Halo is out . But is in any good ? Yes , because what this excellent game combines is the great visuals , compelling game play , and riveting sound effects all in one great package.One reason why the Halo series is one of the most popular shooting games is that the richly detailed environments make it one of the best seen on today 's X-Box . The reason for this is the explosion , character models , environment ; ect makes you feel like you are at the war scene , giving memorable battles.Another major highlight of Halo 2 is its action packed game play . The realistic feel of shooting piercing bullets at your foes , and later flanking them with powerful grenades , to your enemies challenging artificial intelligence . The enemies AI is a distinguishing contribution that makes it different from other shooters . In addition to the intense , hostile-like shooting , mind boggling tactics are formed to defeat the enemy Coneveant . These tactics could lead to driving the incredibly fun and diverse vehicles from flying mini ships to large tanks . Other tactics involved with the deep game play are dual wielding two different weapons , melee attacks , vehicle hijacking , and much more.Sound and audio throughout the game give it the epic feel and realism that tops of Halo 's package . The sound effects while on battle are incredibly detailed as every gunshot is heard , every grunt , environmental sounds plus a lot more adding to the sheer quality of the game . The background music by Martin O'Donnell is top-notch , the inspiring music pops in the game just at the right moments not only making them memorable but fantastic as it plays it just a the right moment . As always the professional voice acting is prominent in Halo 2 . The voices heard sound absolutely real to its counter part , from the dark voice of Master Chief to the wailing Grunts.What sums off Halo 2 for most gamers and fans of the series is it exciting multiplayer . When you have friends you can relive Master Chief 's epic battles with the two player cooperative modes , or have your friends play against each other with its very popular multiplayer modes . One of the great implication to this edition of Halo is it X-Box live support , allowing you to play against people around the world . This adds to the lasting value of Halo as its single player is a quite short compared to other games.With all these good points about Halo 2 it is hard to believe that this game is not perfect , but like any other game it has very few flaws . One of which is the kind of short story which leads many fans wanting more action . Probably by far the biggest disappointment is the end of the game which leads players begging for more on the story as cliff hanger ending some what disappoints.Despite a rather short campaign and a disappointing storyline , Halo 2 is an exceptional shooter that frequently delivers thrilling , memorable , and unique moments in its online , multiplayer , and single-player modes . Depending on what you most want from the game , you may find that Halo 2 leaves you desperate for another installment in the series , but there is enough lasting value in the highly replay able missions , its online play , and great multiplayer .
 This is a really great game do n't get me wrong , it just not as good as the first . Halo 2 was made by different people in Bungie , so they changed some stuff like the sheilds , guns , forecity of opponents -LRB- except for the grunts -RRB- , and many others . I bought this game along with map pack on EBAY and preety much only play Multiplayer . Yet I still like this game . KEEP PLAYING , AND GO MC !!!!!!!
 I absolutely love this game . I started playing it only a few months ago and I am a Halo junkie . If you only buy it for the Xbox live , then you got your money 's worth . I recommend this game and Xbox live to anyone .
 Now , I know what you have herd from other people is that halo 2 was a let down . NOT AT ALL . Bungie was very smart . What they did was they created a completely different type of experience with guns , health , maps , and vehicles so it is n't the same as halo 1 . That was good so that people can chose to play either Halo 1 multiplayer or Halo 2 multiplayer , whichever they like . Halo 2 has the best xbox live experience . And Halo 2 does have a good campaign . Everyone expects so much from Halo 2 that they have forgoten all the good things this game delivered . Overall , if you have an xbox , xbox live , halo 1 AND 2 , your set up to play forever . If you do n't have all those things , your still good but you could maximize your fun by getting all those things .
 I 'm a casual gamer and was really looking forward to Halo 2 but was worried it would be so hard I could n't enjoy it . My fears were unjustified . I 'd highly recommend it for other casual players . I did feel frustrated from time to time losing my sense of direction . Could n't the Master Chief with all those cool weapons and armor get a compass ? How about a map ? GPS ? Oh , well maybe for Halo 3 . Great sound . Wonderful music . Jacking vehicles and sword-wielding are thrilling . Witty dialog from your AI comrads . Halo 2 is engaging like few other games I 've played . Sure this game had hype Don King would envy , but if you set that aside this is one of the top three or four Xbox games ever . Just do n't expect it to reveal the Secret of Life - It 's a game ! And it will be the best $ 50 you spend on an Xbox game over the holidays.The critics have some valid points , but this is still an Xbox must-have .
 This Game Rocks ! It will probabally the most played xbox game ever . It will be number 1 untill Halo 3 comes to the xbox360 .
 Greatest multiplayer ever , single player is several steps down from the original halo but the multi player is several steps up
 very good game and very addicting .
 Great Game but Breaks no Bars is the title cause really come on lets all see the truth that this game is awesome.The Graphics is amazing and to this date as I am writing this review it is amazing.But before I go on with this review if you already have a X-Box and you do not got Halo2 you are A. -RRB- Broke as hell and ca n't buy it B. -RRB- Too young to buy this game . C. -RRB- Or just a big loser to not know this game is a must buy for any X-Box owner.Well now with the review I must say that they did a great job on making a sequel cause I myself were not a big fan of Halo and thought it was a good game but nothing to get excited about.But I must say Halo 2 is a great game cause I have played the game for 3 times already and see myself playing the single player mode again which I am playing it on my fourth time.For the audio I think everyone knows about the music which I love and the sounds are really well made . The voiceovers were great cause the look of all the people were fitting in with the voices.So as you see the game is great oh I forgot to talk about the multiplayer and I think it is the same but just like the first version it is only fun for me for a couple of hours then I am bored but it if fun while I play so no complains about it.Now with the other part of the title `` but Breaks no Bars `` We all saw some evolution in FPS after Halo came out and even though I think Halo 2 is better than Halo I must say that Halo did more to FPS than Halo 2 did cause Halo 2 did n't do anything new if you really see.Here is what I mean :1 . -RRB- For those that have played the multiplayer know about stealing vehicles while the other is on it . - Copied from GTA2 . -RRB- Do n't know what those are called but those that you fly with now you can do some tricks with them - Copied from Crimson Skies3 . -RRB- A sword on FPS - Copied from Doom4 . -RRB- Dual Weapon - Copied from Counter Strike `` All they did was some little thinking and used other weapons than pistols `` You guys get the point all they did was add these features to Halo 2 and I would n't call these things original so that it is why this game does n't revolutionize < -- -LRB- do n't know if that is how you spell it -RRB- anything with games meaning it does n't break no barsVerdict
 I got this game when it first came out , beat it the first day too . IT was really good , but no where near as good as the first one because it 's like you ca n't play it again because the lvls can become very tedious . I would reccomend this for anyone who likes a good first person shooter game , like me of course :-RRB- . Excellent online gaming , best out there by far . Guns are good , I do n't see how people say this game is easy . I enjoyed it , you will too.Whats up with this review o. 0 -LRB- 4 one thing ithink this game is bad and boring . I bought it thinking it would be good like aminal crosing or pokeman , but i was wrong . U shoot and hurt witch is just not good . the only good part is when mario comes in and beats the bad guy . though it is verry educational and teaches math and and english , its just not worth getting . i sudgest good games like pokeman dass and aminal crossing . -RRB- Erm ... I think he 's like 2 years old , he spelled everything wrong , and mario in halo 2 o. 0 . I think his parents gave him too much booz for his sore teeth =-RRB- . * good game . Get it for a weeks worth of fun ** do n't buy it if you want months of fun , try elder scrolls games -LRB- rpg -RRB- , runescape , and many more other good titles , runescape is a online rpg . You do n't have to buy it .
 Halo 2 is the least bit boring . You do need targeting and stradegy for everything . And if u like the boring 2d games and non violent games you should not try this game . But if you like action and 1st person shooter then youll love Halo 2 .
 Very well designed game , with few flaws . Once you pick up the controller you wont want to put it down . You will be telling yourself , ` ok , just one more level then i will go . . ' or ` one more round then i will shut it off ' over and over again .
 Halo 2 is a fantastic game . If there are any people left that are still sitting on the fence , it is definitely worth the money . That said , not all is perfect with this game.Halo 's single player experience was probably the best I have ever experienced -LRB- with the possible exception of KOTOR -RRB- . You could follow the logic of each mission in relation to the story arc and , subsequently , everything you did felt important , be it storming a wide-open snowscape or running the gauntlet of an exploding ship . Halo 2 's campaign does not compare so favorably . The first couple levels are of a quality with the original , but then the game pulls an MGS2-esque move by putting you in the alien shoes of the Arbiter , an elevated Elite in the Covenant . Nothing is technically wrong with the Arbiter levels , but I had a powerful sense of apathy while playing them . I wanted to get back to the `` important '' parts with Master Chief , and even though the Arbiter is a good facet of the story , he is not that fun to play . Also , the levels seem to be stretched more than they should have . Many levels come in `` pairs '' and , when combined , only amount to about 8 Halo-length levels . However , the revamped Legendary difficulty adds to the replay value , as does the return of co-op play.Halo 2 's multiplayer is where the game shines . If you never took the time to organize a 16-player LAN for the original Halo , you likely saw only untapped potential for large-scale battles . Even without this experience , Halo 's already tight control returns even more refined , and the weapons are more numerous and more balanced -LRB- as soon as you figure out how to counter the sword -RRB- . The tools are there , and Xbox Live elevates the game to incredible new heights . The online service has the most complete integration of any game to date , giving you great control of who you play with and what you want to play . Also , an auto-update released over the service further tweaked the balance so that melees are now effective , as well as introducing a slew of quality new maps . Halo 2 is without question the best Xbox Live game and the online battleground is a great way to elevate your game.Although I did n't touch on the graphics or sound , rest assured that they are both very high quality -LRB- even though I wish the Covenant voices had been in their own language with subtitles -RRB- , and they both add a lot to the gameplay . Halo 2 has a single-player experience that is only lackluster when compared to the original , and its multiplayer is unbelievably top-notch
 Granted , I give the first Halo 6 out of 5 stars , and the campaign level in this sequel involves a story not as compelling as the first story was to me.But this game is about more than just the campaigns . I spent three or four weeks working through them . Now I spend my days battling my sons via System Link -LRB- we have two Xboxes on the family network and two copies of the game -RRB- , or on the free but sometimes glitchy Xbox Connect , or on Xbox live . The proximity voice programming is very good as is the team communication feature . I wish they 'd made it so that you could be weaponless -LRB- for the smackdown tourneys out there -RRB- , and I miss the fall damage from the first game , but these are minor complaints when one considers the lushness of the maps , the variety of weapons and vehicles , the art of the grenade stick and the many other aspects of this game that make it every playable with the other fans of this great software.If you 're just looking for a First Person Shooter to play alone , this game is very good to excellent anyway . But if you are inclined to network , this is the game to get and develop some skills in .
 This game is , in a word , incredible . The single player , while not containing all that Bungie promised , is still one of the finest experiences yet to be had on any system . From the very beginning when you first pick up the battle rifle , to the end when you drop your energy sword for the last time , you are completely immersed in the majestic qualities of this game . Each weapon feels completely different , from the stunning accuracy of the beam rifle to the erratic firing patterns of the SMG . The four difficulty settings ensure that you will be killing the Covenant for a long , long , time . The hardest difficulty , `` Legendary '' , is incredibly hard , providing some frustrating , but still inexplicably fun , moments.As good as the single-player campiagn is , multiplayer blows it away . If you have Xbox Live , then you are in for THE best experience available on the service . If you do n't have Xbox Live , get it , because it IS worth it , just for this game . Each multiplayer map is unique , and can be played with any gametype . Each gametype is also fully customizable , with a set scenario that can be edited to the player 's content . This is truly a game for the ages .
 Yeah , the ending left many unanswered questions . Yeah , the suit kinda sucks this time around . Yeah , the needler 's still a piece of crap . But who cares ? When you get to run around killing aliens with some of the coolest weapenary of all time , does it matter if you have to wait to find out the fate of the galaxy ? Halo 2 took halo , and revamped it in such a way that after playing for just five minutes , you 're breatless . I do n't care what anyone says , the story was great . It was exciting , and kept you guessing the whole way through . And the multiplayer . One word . Wow . Absolutely amazing . This is a great game . If you 're not one of the 3 million people who has n't , buy this game .
 Man , this is the best especially the online multiplayer which -LRB- if you have xbox live -RRB- you can plzy people across the world !!!! The storyplot was pretty good and the guns and weapons are devastating . the setting is very good with the water and the grass and allso yeah go halo 2 !!!!!!
 Let me square this away : Halo 2 is a good game . It 's the best xbox live game to-date . However , it 's not perfect . It 's not the greatest game of all time . Most importantly , the only mark it has made on history is single day sales.That said , let 's get to the bottom line about Halo 2 . The Good : - Graphics-A good online multiplayer setup-Fun-Sound/Soundtrack-Dual Wielding is pretty cool.The Bad : - The Ending.-Weapons are still unbalanced , just in a different way.-Levels are still repetitive.-Some Xbox live players are , for lack of a better term , annoying as sin.-No tanks in Multiplayer -LRB- in optimatch , at least -RRB- . Some Elaboration on the Bad Points : I will not discuss the ending , as to not spoil it . It 's just bad . Really , really , really bad.The weapons are kinda irksome . If they had left the pistol as what it was in Halo 1 , it might have balanced out what they 've created . The problem is the energy sword . Most of the maps have 1 . Short of the rocket launcher , or a well placed grenade -LRB- and that is assuming they do n't hit you from behind -RRB- , good luck getting off enough shots to kill someone with the sword . Granted , if you can keep your distance , sniping is an option . Or if you 're lucky the shotgun will do it , but for the most part , it 's pretty unstopable . Which is annoying.Equally annoying is the lack of tanks in the multiplayer . The tank balances out the warthog , ghost , and banshee . Without it , the only balancing item is the rocket launcher . Just seems lacking.One big complaint in Halo 1 was the levels you had to repeat backwards . While this never happens in Halo 2 , the levels themselves are internally repetitive . For example , big room , corridor , identical big room , identical corridor , slightly different big room , slightly different corridor , etc. . There could definately be more variety.Finally , while I like xbox live and the rank/optimatch system , there are a lot of annoying people on xbox live who you 'll run into . It 's unavoidable , and there 's no real way to fix it , but it 's there , so be ready for it.Bottom Line
 I purchased this for my 13 year old son on his birthday . He had the first Halo and was begging for this one . He opened it on Friday night and by Sunday -LRB- 2 days later -RRB- had already beat it or whatever . Anyway it was over ! And no he did n't play it 48 hours straight!Too easy -LRB- for him at least -RRB- .
 i dont own it but my buddy does and its is awesome i love it duel weildind new armory mutiplayer . multiplayer is awesome thogh the shold have put in some small 1s and packed tjem with 3 wepons that would have been fun survoal of the fitist
 Ive never written a review before , but I am now , because there is reason , because halo 2 is amazing . For all the people out there who said it did n't fill all the expectations your wrong because this is a ridiculously good game . One of the great features about this game is that instead of just one person signing into x box live on one console at a time , now instead 4 people can so you can have a giant melee with people across the country . also , some of the annoying factors of Halo 1 , like not being able to turn of over shields and camoflauge , is now updated so you can . The guns are better , except if you ask me the humon pistol is worse because you ca n't zoon in with it , which made it so devestating in the first game . Also you can be the covanenet alien guys instead of just the halo guys in multiplayer whcih is cool . I must say that the new vehicles are of the hook . Especially the banshee , which is pretty darn awesome . I RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ALL PEOPLE WHO LIKED THE FIRST GAME BUT WANTED IT A BIT BETTER . THIS IS A MUST HAVE .
 This game is AMAZING but a few things wrong with it : there are less then 10 levelsthe ending is terribleparts dont make sensebesides that it is great but dont buy until it costs less then 50 cause i beat it on heroic in less than 2 days
 I just wanted to respond to all of the negative shipping reviews I 've seen here . I went through the same trouble getting GTA
 This game is totally AWESOME.I 've played Metroid Prime , Grand theft : San andreas , original Halo.This game puts all of the above to shame . HALO2 is the best game ever.So , go buy it now !
 I played through the first Halo and really enjoyed the single-player campaign . I never played the multiplayer game until I bought Halo 2 . Let 's get this out of the way first
 This game is unbelievable , no game can match this one . To me it is the best shooter out their and only for xbox can you buy this . I really dont know where to start so ill start with the story line : The destruction of halo slowed the Covenant , but it did not stop them . Fueled by fath , fury and vengeance , they have swept aside all of our defenses and gained a foothold on the most precious prize of all -- Earth . With the human military scattered and crushed , the fate of the planet lies in the hands of one man . Spartan 117 -- the Master Chief . But resourceful and tenacious as he is , the Master Chief will have to rely on new weapons , unexpected allies and a secret so incredible , it will change the galaxy forever ... The story line is great and well invovled and keeps you going on with the game . Next is the graphics . This is the most beautiful game yet to see on xbox . It is at full potential and it looks great , the color and lighting are excellent . The acting is also great and the sounds are also good . There are some new and old guns , here they are
 Halo 1 in my opinion quickly became one of the best video games of all time . So then microsoft had to continue the franchise and make a game even better then halo 1 ! But they did it.NEW FEATURES-In halo two you can duel weild weapons such as hold two machine guns at the same time and you can fire them at the same time too . Also there is a new weapon , an energy sword . It is mainly used by the elites but the master chief can use them . it is like a sword made of plasma that you can swing at enemies killing most in one or two shots , or sending grunts flying if you just want to have fun :-] . Another new feature is that in campaign , the game has two story lines . One of the chiefs of course , and one of the Covenant elites , who you can control in half the game ! Also in halo 2 the graphics are several levels up from halo 1 . Note - Do not buy halo 2 if you have not rented or beaten halo 1 ! the story wont make sense . Unless of course your just in it for the trigger-happy shooting.STORY LINEIn halo two the covenant discover the location of earth and send a massive fleet at it . The remaining human forces make a desperate effort to push them away from their home world . But as the game goes on , the covenant are having their own problems . THe brutes -LSB- new covenant soldiers -RSB- are having a `` civil war '' with the elites for favor of the prophets . And just to make the game more exciting you discover theirs another halo . and also . . more flood.I dont see how the average for this game is 4 stars it should be 5 BUY THIS GAMENote-It is a great game , but can be even better if you have xbox live which offers an OUTSTANDING multiplayer experience.great job microsoft
 ... because Jesus Christ is that rude . NOTE TO OTHER REVIEWERS
 I loved the first Halo . I have been anxiously awaiting the release of Halo 2 but I have kind of felt in the back of my head that there is no way that Halo 2 can meet the hype . Well I got the game yesterday and I have been very happy with it.Pros :1 . I love that you can hop on an enemy vehicle when the they go by , punch them and throw them off . On the covenant `` Wraith '' you even have to punch through the top to pull them out , or throw a grenade in . I found that to be excellent attention to detail . You can operate more vehicles and there are more options when you do .2 . The Plot is very good , and you really want to watch the video in between levels .3 . The graphics are surprisingly much better than the first Halo . The videos are amazing and the actual game graphics have great detail . -LRB- In the Multiplayer mode there is a new `` Blood Gulch '' level . If you compare the graphics there is no comparison . -RRB- 4 . The plot runs side by side , with an enemy covenant who is punished for loosing the battle -LRB- in Halo -RRB- , and Halo blowing up . On some levels you play as the enemy covenant . -LRB- You can even be him in multiplayer mode.Cons :1 . The game is a little too easy . I would recommend not doing it on `` easy '' or `` normal '' if you want a real challenge . You have a new shield that seems a little stronger and recharges a little faster . It is cool , but having previous skill from the original Halo , it seems easier than the first one .2 . You ca n't be black in the multiplayer mode . Not a big deal , but I always liked have my profiled character be very dark.That is it . The game is a lot of fun ! And it has renewed my excitement level for Halo . I think it is important to understand that the game is Halo , with new levels and a few new details . If you loved Halo you will love Halo 2 . P.S. . There are a lot of reviews on Halo 2 from before the game was even released , so I realize nobody is going to read this , but the game was so exciting I felt a need to give it 5 stars .
 So many people try to be different and cool by saying `` eh , what 's the big deal about this game ? '' Those losers just want to be `` unique '' and different from everyone else - they are wrong . Halo 2 is so beautiful and it made me cry . The first level/cinematic is amazing . After playing this game you are going to want to buy the soundtrack . Audio quality is impeccable - music and effects . Each material you shoot with your gun makes a different sound . I have gone through the campaign about three times - it never gets boring . In the campaign you are Master Chief and an Elite who is trying to find the true purpose of Halo . You wield many new weapons and have the option of dual wielding . The energy sword pwns . Multiplayer is also amazing . You can customize your player and create custom maps . I would give this game a 9.7 / 10 . Buy it . This is not something an XBOX owner wants , it is something an XBOX owner NEEDS ! Buy it fool .
 This game is so sweet I went to my friends and played it for the first time ... IT WAS SO SWEET HE AND I PLAYED IT ALL DAY 8 HOURS STRAIGHT . Dang I feel this game will be game of the year ! it 's so sweet . The Multiplayer will blow your mind . SO many new features like New levels and stuff ... And the Campain is much better BUY THIS GAME ... Did you buy it yet !? Go spend your $ 50 on it now its worth it . XBOX live Makes it so cool playing online and downloading new maps ... overall GAME OF THE YEAR 1st place halo2 snd place GTA san andreas 3rd Metal gear solid 3 snake eater . THESE ARE ALL GREAT GAMES . The rest of the games dont contend , games like Prince of persia warrior within are sweet , and Def Jam Fight for NY and im about to play metroid prim2 echoes ... ALL GRRRRRRRRRREAT titles but HALO2 WILL SURELY WIN . So purchase it . But all the titles i listed are tight so try em all . I promise you 'll like em.BUY THEM BUY THEM BUY THEM BUY THEM BUY THEM BUY THEM BUY THEM BUY THEM BUY THEM BUY THEM !!!!!!!!
 I do n't care what anyone else says ... the sequel to the amazing first Halo well lives up to the hype of a astonishing game!The game gives several new features ... including dual guns , more levels , a much more detailed story mode , and the graphics are amazing . I beleive this game is so great it will win game of the year and i hope it does . Being I 've made this review i beleive it was well worth my parents 50 $ purchase for this game . I highly suggest buying it , it 's a must have game . I guarentee you 'll like it !
 Realism 10/10Graphics 10/10Gameplay 10/10sound 10/10Multiplayer 10/10
 Halo was a game which revolutionized game play . I brought fans from all nationalities , races , and gender together . With its larger than life battle fields , selection of guns and vehicles , it was in my oppinion the best game of all time.Halo II is much like the first , with much better and intense graphics . Though the graphics have been greatly improved , the pure detail is almost cluttering to the screen , distracting the player in my oppinion , I have had friends both agree and disagree . The new vehicles and weapons are kick ass , though the modifications to the old weapons were somewhat undesired . The maps are relatively more close quaters , Blood Gulth and Battle Creek are back and revamped.My favorite change is the much improved online play . Two words
 THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER CREATED ! -LRB- so far until Halo 3 comes out :-D -RRB- I 'm not gon na write a 3 paragraphs because people do n't have time to endless reviews.-GREAT ONLINE GAMEPLAY-GREAT GRAPHICS-QUALITY - BUNGIE SPENT YEARS ON THIS GAME - SUPERIOR DETAILS COMPARED TO OTHER GAMES , THIS GOES ALONG WITH GREAT GRAPHICS-THERE IS A REASON HALO 2 IS THE # 1 MOST GAME PLAYED ON X-BOX LIVE and HAS 312,832 UNIQUE PLAYERS.-I GIVE THIS 6 stars out of 5 !!! - BUY THIS
 This game is great . Plain out.The way you can switch from Human to elites on certain levels is very cool . ! part I do not like is the fact that i will have to wait More , through delay after delay and finally get to save earth . I hope they dont change the weapons because Master chief was on gone for a day or two . Overall the game is great and the multi player is fantastic and i could play that with my friend all day and all night .
 Woohoo Woohoo WOOOOWOOOOOHOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWOOOHWHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO . Its amazing Its incredible , its Halo 2 ! and its finally here on Xbox . I love the new dual weilding . My favorite combination is the SMG and the magnum . And at last Halo has Xbox live . Its incredible online . And the system link . I also like the new breed of vehicles , weapons and covonant . But i prefered the Marines to the spartans . The grapics has certainly improved since the last Halo . And you can certainly jump higher . I remember when everyone was really excited about it coming out and now its ACTUALLY HERE after all that time.I 'm pretty annoyed that Microsoft are n't making any more Halo 's . Im gon na miss them .
 my 11yo and friends love this game . can anyone tell me what is in it to rate it M ?
 This is a great game overall . The campaign is WAY better in halo 1 but it is still fun when you have it on a higher difficulty . The only problem with Xbox live is the moddders and Standbyers that play . It 's like when you get to a lvl 31 + you will get cheated and sometimes before that . I really do n't get why people have to cheat to see a number go up .
 If you 've ever played Halo , then playing Halo 2 is a must !! Pros . . dual wield weapons , great gameplay , great graphicscons . . too addictive , missing too much school , and work !!!
 Halo is a great game , so is Halo 2 . For those who say Halo 2 is n't as good as Halo I completely disagree . I 'm completely addicted to both .
 People who think this game is to violent should shut up.This is one of the best games ever and to come out on the best system Xbox .
 its the coolest game i have every played it is sooooooo better than halo 1 cool wepons it is relly a good game it is a so mast buy for everyone its fun i just cant stop playing it.and so will you so get it as soon as you can o.k
 i thought the game wuz like a rat in a hot tub and a wet gosse swims alnose but a dry mosse walk alone
 Hello Friends ! This game is so freakin awsome ! Ditto for the reviewers previously . I 'm so addicted to this game ! I ca n't stop playing . Im thinking about skipping class today again.Anyway , overall this game is the best shooter , BUT , Idid n't like one thing in the game . WHY IS CORTANA SO DAMN UGLY!WHY DID THEY MAKE HER UGLY LIKE THAT . DAMN !!! . That 's the only thing that bothered me .
 YOU CAN PLAY HALO 1 & 2 ON THE XBOX 360 ITS GOING TO BE SO COOL TO PLAY HALO 3 NEXT-GEN XBOX IN 2006 !
 EXCELLENT , EXCELLENT , EXCELLENT , -LRB- ETC -RRB- . THIS IS TRUELY AN AMAZING GAME . WITH OVER 30 WEAPONS , 10 VEHICLES , AND 15 MISSIONS , PLUS ONLINE SUPPORT , THIS IS AN AWESOME GAME , MIGHT BE RECORDED IN HISTORY AS ONE OF THE BEST EVER.PROS : EVERYTHINGCONS : NOTHING
 I am a 13 year old girl who loves Halo 1 an 2 . Halo 2 is an AMAZING game , better than the first . It has GREAT graphic quality . Multiplayer is AWESOME ! It 's only downside is that the story for campaign is short . Overall , this is the BEST game ever created .
 If you dont like this game you have got to be crasy and your mother should of beaten you as a child.HALO 2 is perfect in every way . From the graphics , gameplay , best music I 've ever heard in any game , and to top it all off , XBOX LIVE !!!!! This is the must have game of the year .
 This game truly exceeded my expectations ! It is without a doubt the most amazing fps game on any system . The ending is kinda weak but the Xbox Live play is amazing !!
 Bungie/Microsoft , I hope you are listening ... I have played some multiplayer and some of the mission . But , already I can tell you that this game is not the huge leap we were looking for . I keep asking myself , `` it took 3 years to come up with this '' ? Issues : - During the cut-scenes , things -LRB- usually characters -RRB- just pop into the picture after a short delay . I know they are using the gaming engine for this , but it obviously works so poorly that Bungie must have seen this in their testing . Why use the game engine ? Just put a movie clip in there ! - Dual Wielding is cool , but takes too much of the screen to show both guns . The perspective should have been better . - Graphics in multiplayer are not that great . At a distance , things look distorted -LRB- this is on a brand new Sony 57 '' HD Widescreen TV running my Xbox in HD Widescreen mode -RRB- - Can anyone else not understand the `` creatures '' when they talk ? - The manual does not address basic issues like what the buttons do . For example , they say the white button is for `` active camo '' , but never tell us what this is . My white button has always been used for a flashlight ... I will admit that I like the new weapons and I do like that the AI can drive the Warthog , even though the AI sometimes gets stuck . I also like that we can handicap a person in multiplayer . One of our team members is just naturally better than the rest of us so we can hold him back a little bit to make things fair.I hope that what is going on here is that Bungie is limited by the Xbox hardware and had to compromise . I am sure they will never admit this since they are owned by Microsoft , but it 's got ta be true . Or , all of their talent left after the first Halo and they could not reproduce the results . Finally , maybe nothing could have lived up to the hype ... Consider this game Halo 1.5 with Xbox Live capabilities and some new maps . We should have had this 18 months ago . Bungie , try again with Halo 3 on Xbox 2 !!!! For your reference , I am not a diehard gamer . I am a 32 year old guy who likes to play video games with his buddies once a week . Eight of us usually play Halo via systemlink with two TV 's . We have been playing Halo for a couple years now and have always had a great time . Since it came out , I have also played the Halo mission all the way through several times . Your mileage and preferences may vary ...
 Since e3 the trailer still left me aw . The game 's new fundamentals like dual weilding and car jacking make the game great . The campaighn though , great storyline , but takes only five hours to complete . Though it makes up for ti with incredibal maps on XBOX LIVE and uses XBOX AWARE . Halo 3 will soon come out the next year to come . Halo 3 trailer , if you lookclosely , shows Gravemind the big Flood thing , right beside Cortana 's neck when she says `` Im your shield , Im your sword '' and you see his tentical . Another thing what if Gravemind manupulated the Master Cheif 's mind to do evil . Becaus it shows only him in the ruins of earth with many covenat ships passing by and he does n't do anything about it . Also what if the ARK is on earth that is used against the Flood , because Noah 's Ark and the flood , yeah kind of simarler
 For HALO 2 I give it 5 stars because the game is fun because youcan play as differnt people such as Master Cheif and a Elite.The vechicles you can use are specter wrath warthog.As you can see this game is asome because you can kill people and get away with it.Buy this game it 's awesome and cool
 In my opinion , the graphics are not as good as the first Halo . With regard to the gameplay , it 's just more of the same . For those people who are upset with the below average story , go read a Dickens ' novel ... YOUR NOT BUYING THIS GAME FOR A GOOD STORY , IT 'S BECAUSE YOU WANT TO SHOOT ALIENS !!! And there sure are plenty to shoot . If there are any NHL players reading this review and playing video games , PLEASE put down the controller , call your player union rep. and let 's play hockey !!!
 This is the best game made for the Xbox - Well worth the money !
 the game was fun , easy and most of all entertaning . halo 3 is hte last of its series just to let you know . it is best played on xbox live , gives oyu more of a challenge but still , one player is good . if your a halo geek , i dont even have to say `` buy it '' , for those who played halo 1 and loved it this one is worth buying for , for those who havent played any halo game nad is interested , play the first halo . and last but not least for those who have played halo 1 and 2 and loved it , start pissing your pants and thinking `` whens halo 3 gon na come out '' -LRB- for those halo gamers out there , halo 3 comes out on xbox 360 in jan the first 2007 . it might have a delay like the legend of zelda twilight princess but who knows -RRB-
 At first when I played this game I did n't think much of it but then I realised I had been playing it on easy what you need to do is play it on normal or hard for it to be any fun . On easy you fligh right through the game and it 's no fun . This is an awesome game and if you fps you should buy it .
 This game is awesome , especially when you get to be a alien . When you play this game your head will blow-up with excitement . This is the best game ever !! You do n't want to miss out on this action-packed game !
 I liked the original Halo ... in fact I loved the original Halo.The problem with Halo 2 is that they tried too hard . They developed the multiplayer , which is very well done , a little too well and left out the campaing . I am one of those gamers that plays mainly for the storyline as opposed to pure 24/7 combat and I will say I was disappointed with the campaing . I was expecting more Earth-combat than just the first three or so missions and less Halo combat -LRB- Delta Halo ... yes , another damn Halo -RRB- , the last 10-12 missions.The first Halo revolved more around the story than Halo 2 , as I just mentioned . Bungie/Microsoft was a little too obsessed with the Live multiplayer action.Overall , if you like killing all the time , buy it . If you read the books and are looking for a great continuation for the story , just watch someone play it and do n't buy it yourself just to say ` Hey , I got Halo 2 ! ' .
 War . The frontkine you may crap your pants but its onky a game . Huh Ihear you say.As you run through through areas of infested battlegrounds of covenant , wooping elites arses and blowing through jackles and grunts and after -LSB- whoes the daddy -RSB- you find a very wonderful game.The only crap wepons you get are the plasma pistols and thats really it.As you progress up in skill and difaculty -LSB- meaning you -RSB- the difficulty gets to a near impossible on legendary meaning loads of patients is needed . But bungie did a well earned spit shine of a mind blowing game how can i put this if youve played GOLDEN eye rouge agent its 10 times better .
 I 'd have given this game 5 stars for just the single player game alone - never mind the incredibly bad ending . But I got XBox Live for Christmas and it 's like getting an entirely new game . There 's so much more to Halo than the single player game . Get it , blow stuff up , then go online and blow up your friends and enemies .
 The first Halo was very overrated in terms of gameplay because it just was n't what people said it was . Halo 2 though , lived up to its excellence . It lived up to the hype . Even though I was n't that excited about getting it , and if I did n't get it I did n't care , but now when I finally played it I realized how good it is.The first player game is great , but harder then the first one . Not that much improvements , except some new weapons like the SMG , but you can now hold two weapons at a time ! I do n't know why they did n't have that in the first game . The same old vehicles are still in it like the Ghost and the Warthog . A new cool weapon is the energy sword and the fact you can turn into an alien on the third level.But the first player has its flaws . It is extremely hard game if you are n't a Halo master . I had trouble beating the first level on Normal , but I beat Halo 1 on Legendary . Thats why co-op is the best in this game . Having another Master Cheif aside blasting away those retarded aliens really helps sometimes.This ganme goes to show you how everything doesn ; t have to be a Playstation2 exclusive to be good . This is definatly an X-Box classic , which will never be on Ps2 -LRB- thank God -RRB- and reminds us of older shooters . Better then Halo 1 , better then alot of other X-Box games , but nothing to go pee your pants over .
 This game is absolutely amazing . The graphics and everything are the best . Now there are a couple of things that do need to be addressed.When the creatures talk , sometimes you can understand them , sometimes you cant . I think i found the option for subtitles , and if i did then that is awesome.THEY NEED A CUSTOMABLE MAP . They need a map builder . Hopefully they will give one as a content download . Hopefully.Xbox live can sometimes be fast , or sometimes be slow . It 's taken me , the longest of 5 min to get into a match on live . Gamers dont want to sit back for 5 min , they want to play NOW . They definitly should have fixed that.The ending , I dont know if it was because i beat it on easy and there 's more if i go harder , or what , but it kinda let me down . Not much play on earth and NO NEW HUMAN VEHICLES . That let me down so much . We were promised , at least 2 years ago , for human aircraft AT LEAST , and they failed to deliver that . Maybe , maybe not they will add that as a content download , we can only hope but that definitly let me down hardcore.There was some more that probably needs to go in here but i ca n't think of it now . Even though those things need to be addressed , THIS GAME IS AWESOME . I ca n't tell you how awesome this game actually is . It is definitly worth your money .
 Here are the pros and cons of this awesome game !!!! Pros : - The Marine AI has greatly increased ! They can even drive vehicles ! - Dual Weapons . You can use two of most small , one-handed weapons to kill enemies twice as fast ! - Sword usage . Dang they 're good . Most of the time it takes one hit to kill the flood ! Mostly only two hits for the elites ! You can also use a boost to do more damage and sometimes kill enemies high in the air ! - Convenent Elites . You can be the Convenent ! Also , sometimes you start off with an energy sword.-Great Graphics ! Way better than the original Halo.-New Weapons . There is now amuch bigger selection of weapons than in Halo 1.-And of course , all of the great things from the original Halo!Cons - Flood difficulty . OK , so this is n't really bad , -LRB- infact , it is kind of fun -RRB- , but it can get pretty annoying when there are five mutated flood attacking you , and you do n't have any gernades or an energy sword.Overall this is the BEST game I have ever played ! I would recomend this game to any gamer . Halo 1 fans wo n't be disipointed . Hope this helped !
 Like most other players , I was also kinda skeptical when I saw Halo 2 getting all 5 stars . After aquiring this game earlier today , I have been playing non-stop . This game puts Halo -LRB- 1 -RRB- to shame - it 's that good . Its amazing how Bungie went from a game like Marathon to this game.In my opinion , it is flawless - with extensive single player campaigns , not repetitive like the first one . The detail level has increased at least 5 fold , with a lot more FMVs to explain whats going on . Multiplayer is also awesome , although I did n't get a chance to play on Live.I am a fan of first person shooters , and this , by far , is the best game made to date . The only game that stands a chance to complete with it is Half-Life 2 , which also looks very promising.Stop wasting time and BUY HALO 2 NOW !
 Its true , this game was way over hyped . I absolutely hated the 1st level . The levels get better though as the game moves on . I dont like how the Covenant speak english , but I understand why its in the game . The dialogue of your human soldiers in campaign mode is so cheesy that sometimes you want to shoot them to get them to shut up . And Cortana is so freaking annoying that I wanted to rip my head off . Too bad you cant shut her up . In HALO 1 the soldiers said cool stuff while fighting , Cortana was cool , and the Covenant spoke their own language . While playing as the Covenant Arbiter though , your alien comrades do say cool stuff . The human guns suck ! I loved the machine gun in HALO 1 and I never swapped it . It sounded like a real gun and had a big clip and lots of reserve ammo.Okay , I did love all the Covenant weapons . In fact I only used alien guns through the whole game . Mostly because you dont have to reload with a lot of them . With the human guns you get blown away trying to reload because they dont have to reload . I also loved driving the good selection of alien vehicles . Basically , this game made a huge leap as far as the Covenant is concerned . There are a lot of cool guns and vehicles for them . But , the game made a few steps back in human department . There are n't many cool human guns or vehicles . And that is crazy because the game should be about the Master Chief first and Covenant second . To me , HALO 2 is n't as fun as HALO . I tried to go back and play a few levels but its just not as fun . I have n't tried online play yet , so maybe that saves this game . If you have LIVE maybe you should buy it , but if not you should be able to rent it twice and beat it and save some money . One last thing , I HATE THE FLOOD !!! They dont die !
 Halo has always been my favorite shooting game . The campaign can get kinda boring , but the multi-player stays fun . Online its good . Without the cheating . Its a really good good game online with rankings from 1-50 etc. . Theres a lot of different types of games for this . I would reccommend this game if you have Xbox Live . Overall this game is straight hottness
 After years of waiting I purchased this game the first day it came out , I quickly went home and started playing it , within two days I was finished . While this may sound like a long time I had deliberately paced myself while playing.While this game 's singleplayer was short it still has several features that shine through . Firstly the graphics for this game are great . Few Xbox games have achieved anything close to Halo 2 's look . Secondly the combat is much more interesting , dual wielding and a wider variety of enemies add new depth to the game . Possibly the greatest highlight of this game is its Xbox Live multiplayer section , instead of having to haul a bunch of systems over to a friend 's house for a system link game you can play whenever . Unfortunately at the same time the game 's combat seems much easier even on hard settings , in larger battles you often get the feeling that you could just step back and let your computer allies win the battle for you.This game is well done , but at the same time it fails to have that spark that the original had . It does a good job of basic combat but fails to create a real crave to replay it over and over like the first one . Prehaps the greatest problem with this game is it feels much more like an expansion of the original and not enough like a true sequel .
 This ia truly awsome . But DO NOT get i if you do not have X-box Live . It takes at the most three hours to beat the game on easy . But if you do have Live then get it . It never gets boring . There is slayer whare you and a team of four have to get 50 kills against theother team . You can have partys of up to four . then you go against a random party or parties . Then there is Team Skirmish which is CTF and Assault . Then there is Big Team Battle and Head to Head . These all ranked by numbers . The average is most likely 10 or 11 . It goes up to 50 . The best part though is custom games where you can play fun made up games with all of your friends . Definently a must buy
 OMG Halo2 is second only to SSCT . This game is genious while I love the single player mode is great multiplayer is where its at . I myself have logged in almost 1,000 matches on Xbox Live this game is great and I strongly recommend this game to everybody .
 Halo 2 , the new reason to own an xbox ... When I first got my xbox I , like many others got myself the popular Halo . At that time it was the best game imaginable with great graphics and steady and exciting gameplay . But Halo 2 , Bungie and Microsoft outdid themselves . It was even better , in my opinion . Many people think that Halo is better than Halo 2 and I would understand why . Halo 2 has more options and much better graphics than Halo though . Halo 2 comes with the exciting Xbox Live though . Xbox Live makes Halo 2 really worth the money ; it is smooth and clear . The storyline is not as good as Halo 's but it is still pretty good . The thing that some may enjoy or hate the most is the option to switch from the covenant to the earthlings and the master chief . Personally I do n't like this addition to the game , I 'd prefer to stick with the master chief but others out there may disagree with that . Overall Halo 2 is definatly worth that money you saved up . It has excellent graphics , good storyline and gameplay , and superb for Xbox Live .
 okay where do I start it has some new weapons that are awsome and you can dual wield wich is awsome there is even more vehicles witch also rock I can understand that some people still like halo one better but I however disagree.Bottom line its a new era in the revolution of the U.S.A
 First off let me tell you that this is the best game ever to come out on any console . If anyone doubts me just read this review . The graphics in my book are amazing I 'd give them a 10/10 the gameplay10/10 and the overall score since the scale dose n't reach 1010/10 . SLICK COLLIO and any one who doubts this game is so wrong because this game is so perfect that it should actualy recieve a 20/10 . If any one would say the ending was dumb did not pay any attention to the cut screens in the game so you did not get the ending . If you ask me the ending was clever and to the point . Whoever says that GTA San Andreas is better did n't pay any attention to the tree in the backround of the big smoke mission . If you payed any attention you would see that the tree grew in less than1 second . Now back to the topic Halo 2 . I got the special edition one . Even though it costs $ 5 more it came with a bonus dvd that showed the making of Halo 2 and it also shows the early stages before Halo 1 was in first person view . I bought this game the day it came out because I reserved it at the mall near my house . If you ask me this should have made game of the year and those of you who are mad that it did n't know that it just missed the deadline to be qualified for game of th year . For those GTA fans out there you should be glad that it missed the deadline because it would have kicked its @ $ $ in the poles . To end my review for you die hard halo fans we will have our day when rockstar runs out of ideas on what to base the citys on in later GTA games and they might accidently base it on New York again and we will laugh in there faces when they do .
 The first words to pop in my head , as I started the game for the first time , was just Wow ! It 's all I could say about it . The graphics alone are sensational , the gameplay takes off where it left , and the story leaves no easy guessing of what 's to come next . &#60; br / &#62; One of the most surprising things I found where
 Halo 2 is unspeakably good . The first Halo was a tad mediocre in my opinion , but now we 've been treated to what 's by far the best FPS ever . Maybe even the best action game , period . The main reasons Halo 2 are so good is that they kept the gameplay of Halo but refurbished all the stuff that was n't so good -LRB- such as the average graphics , the boring music , and the unrealistically invincible vehicles -RRB- . Now , even trying to figure out which way you 're supposed to go next is fun because the enviroments all look as if you could be there in real life.The graphics and sound are much , much better in Halo 2 . By far . The covenant actually look realistic , instead of creatures that look like 3d rendered cartoon characters . The Master chief and the Marines look marginally better , with their faces looking much more believable mainly . the water effects , textures , and backgrounds in the environments look much better as well . The music is also greatly improved from boring neo classic to -LSB- ... -RSB- kicking pumping rock style music . This fits the feel of the game much better to me.The gameplay remains as violent and brutally addicting as ever , with a slew of new weapons and vehicles to use . The replay value in Halo 2 is much higher because of this . Multiplayer is even better than before , thanks to balance changes that make the game much more fair -LRB- destructible vehicles , harder to find rocket launchers , etc -RRB- as well as the ability to be an Elite instead of a Spartan -LRB- love it ! -RRB- . The storyline is much better , and the cinematics are so much better that you might forget you 're playing a game and think that you 're just watching a movie . THe first time I saw some of the game 's longer cutscenes , I was kind of dissappointed when they conluded because I wanted to see what happened next -LRB- even though in the back of my mind I knew that I was supposed to determine that -RRB- . Bottom line , if you like having fun , and can get away with playing an M rated game , buy Halo 2 . You 'll be glad you did .
 This past year I bought a Xbox for a amazing game called Halo . I loved it and overall it ended up being the most amazing well balanced shooter I have ever played . Of course I was excited about Halo 2 which is now here for everyone to own.Halo 2I bought Halo 2 on Friday at 9:00 in the morning and played till 4:00 which is when I had to work . I would have played longer if I could but works work . First off Halo 2 has everything you would expect in a sequal and more . Halo 2 out does the first Halo by lightyears and i 'll tell you why . Guns always a major factor in a first person shooter are loaded in Halo 2 you can now hold two weapons at a time you can have several new weapons and every one of them have been tweaked compared to the first . The rocket launcher can now lock onto targets and directly kill them but takes a little longer to load . The sniper rifle is improved and has a better kill ratio . You can now melee attack vehicles like the ghost to either kick the enemy out or punch them and on bigger enemy vehicles you can jump on the back and smash the control panels till you can chuck a grenade into the cockpit to disable the vehicle . The vehicle controls are the same but have been tweaked to respond a little better . The AI is like the first amazing and overall much more improved . The length of the game in my opinion doubles that of the first which took me about 10 hours but the second took around 15 hours which I was on Normal to . The level design is fantastic and everything has a nice touch to it with great detail . charecter models are so realistic looking and have a very serious look to them . You always feel in control with Halo 2 and rarely will you ever be lost but sometime the plot will throw you of course which is a gripe about this game it 's just much more confusing then the first . The ending everyone says is boring but actually I liked it I mean there 's better endings but what it does is lead right into a Halo 3 . The sound effects are a little bit more quiter in this years Halo for some reason . When I first turned Halo 2 on thats the first thing I realized is that they were a little to soft but overall there perfect from the sound of the guns to background music , just soft hurts it a little . The cutscenes are very graphics but the charecter models look like crap during cut scenes and sometimes you will see things all the sudden appear which bugged me and light effects would flicker which looked terrible . Slow downs during single player never happened like the first there much better even in multiplayer there improved but cutscenes you notice quick slow downs often which really tick you off . So Halo 2 definetly did n't win any awards for cutscenes but overall graphics in game are perfect.Prosbeautiful in game graphicscharecter models during gameplay are fantasticai is absolutely amazingsound is near perfectloads upon loads of new guns and ways to beat a levelConsWeak sound effectslots of little slow downs during cut scenesshadow effects during cutscenes flicker alotduring cutscenes objects will all the sudden appearconfusing plotSo overall Halo 2 is the biggest shooter of the year and easily out does the first . It has very little gripes and probaly is the new best shooter ever . Well i 've gone in said it I know Nintendo fans im still with you but I have to admit Halo 2 is sure one hell of a damn good game . This is the reason to own a Xbox . Have fun and hope you found this review helpful .
 After playing this game for over 17hrs . My conclusion is this game is UNBELIEVABLE SUPERB.The whole package is tremendous.I was glued to the TV , like fly to dung.I would rate this a 6 star if I could .
 The best game you could ever buy , awesome gameply , superior co-op , you can play as !!! THE COVENANT !!! , perfect graphics , dual wield , best story line ever concocted , and flat out fun to play.P.S . Get off your computer and go by this game!P.S.S Go now !! What are you waiting for !! GO !!!
 this game was good and all , but the plot was horrible and the last levels are all almost the same thing over and over
 Aside from a SF title , a Zelda title , or Snatcher , I would have to say that the original Halo is one of my most favorite games . It was just so well done - fun , engaging , and it set a great mood . Even with the newer titles these days , I still pop in CE occasionally for a quick run through The Library , Two Betrayals , or The Maw.With that said , I hated Halo 2 's campaign mode . That 's not to say that Bungie did n't work SUPER hard on it , or that they did n't do a fantastic job - they did . The levels , the AI , the music - all top-notch . But I think what turned me off about Halo 2 's campaign was the mood or atmosphere that it set . Namely , there was too much interference . Whether it was from Cortana , or supporting forces , or other characters , there was just way too much ` help ' and ` presence ' in the game for my liking.I think that 's what I liked so much about the first Halo - you were left alone for a very large chunk of the game . Your Marines were always quick to get killed off if they arrived at all , and you did n't have any `` partners '' you were expected to work with . It was just you , and this massive , lonely terrain you had to trudge through . Well , Cortana was there , but I would n't call her presence intrusive . She was more intel than anything else.But in Halo 2 , you have all these people you 're involved with now , telling you what to do and where to go , and the game felt much more linear because of that . It went from dead silence in Halo 1 , to sometimes constant commentary by other characters on what was going on around you in this game . Did n't need it , did n't like it . It felt dumbed down , and obvious became the name of the game , a trend I 'm starting to notice with a lot of sequels and games being released recently . What gives?Thankfully , multiplayer more than made up for that . And here , it * was * enjoyable to play with and strategize with other people . So despite my dislike for the crowded , overly simplistic campaign , this is still a 5-star and highly recommended game for the online play alone .
 I know you 'll probabaly not read this , because there 's already over 600 reviews already . but , never the less , I 'd like to rate this ... an A!There blood , voiolence and everything else , but i 'd say this is a good game for ppl 18above . It 's not a family game , but People with fear of blood , run away .
 I have played many shoot em up games over the years and halo 2 is the best out of all of them , i have played the PAL version nd say it is amazing , the graphics are better than any other game made and the story line is excellent and there is always a constant rush of adrenalin when playing the game . However i have seen a preview for the NTSC -LRB- American -RRB- version and find that this looks alot better and want to know why it is different from the PAL version as im English and my xbox is PAL only . The PAL version is excellent but the UNSC version looks more better because of its graphics and interaction with the surroundings during gameplay . You probably have n't played the Pal version but i tell you the NTSC version looks alot better . I do n't know if anyone knows but why is the NTSC ersion different from the PAL version as i am very confused.Conclusion : excellent game and cant wait for halo 3
 Halo was my first x-box game ever ! my parents tricked me on christmas by hiding the wrapped up x-box , and leting me open halo first ! Well , I beat the game on easy , normal , and finally heroic , and I loved the game ! the weapons are preatty good , the enemies are very interesting , and the graphics were preaty good . the story line of halo one was good
 This Game Is By Far The Greatest X Box Game EVER !! More Enemies , More Weapons , And A Heck Of Alot More Challenges !! A Must Get GameFor Your X Box Console .
 there 's enough reviews for this game already so i will make it short and sweet . all in all this has got to be one of the most entertaining games i have played . 1 star is taken off overall not because of the game itself but because of the unreal amount of snipers you are bound to run into while playing online which could in turn ... ruin your entire day . also the story line takes a step backwards from the original . but overall still a very fun game
 this game is so amazing i didnt play the first halo but i still know this is better . It 's got a great story line which is why you have to end to see what happens to the Arbiter and to Halo and to Master Chief . its also got amazing graphics and the movies it shows show the story line so i suggest you watch them .
 This game is soooo fun . i have sooo much of a good time playing it .
 well I rated halo 1 5 stars one halo 2 took me 1 hour to beat an 2 hours to beat halo 1
 This is an awsome game . I loved Halo 1 , and I love Halo 2 even more . Even though the story is less interesting the second time around , the online play will always keep this game interesting for me . This is by far the best XBOX game and the best video game ever made . It is perfect for LAN parties , and great fun . If you buy this game at Sam 's Club , you can get it for less than 42 dollars . Bottom line
 Game was brand new as advertised still in the original packaging . Well worth the 20 $ for such a great game .
 I 'm glad I lived in this generation of gaming , where games started to become more than just games . Where games broke sales records bigger than box office movies . Wonderful score , excellent story . Nothing but great memories .
 This game is the important middle of the original halo series that any trilogy deserves . I loved it and i know other people before and after me will too .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas and it was a great choice , the game and the box were in great condition and I did not have to wait long to receive it in the mail . Exceeded my expectations , very happy with this purchase :-RRB- !
 never knew that the original xbox server was shut down until i tried to play this online after it came ... ca n't complain about that , that 's my own fault . my opinion this is/was/will always be the best halo made . only good for campaign now since you ca n't play online anymore . . but an incredible game . R.I.P.
 This was a great purchase for my kids . It included every secret and power up and allowed them many extra hours playing the game as they followed along the guidebook and unlocked everything . It was also a sneaky way that got my kids reading . The amount they poured over and reviewed every aspect of every level was worth several books worth of reading .
 Yes , Halo is great . I love all the Halo games and I loved and still love this one . Tons of great reviews and everything for this game . Only problem is . You can not play multiplayer on Halo 2 anymore . I do n't know why anyone might even want to still try with Halo Reach and Halo 4 already out there . But just figured it should be said . Halo 2 Anniversary would be awesome !
 this is probably the most fun i 've had playing a videogame since goldeneye on N64 . halo 2 has it all ... ca n't wait until halo 4 comes out ! the campaign is awesome , especially the sections with vehicles and chases . the multiplayer is sweet too ... you can finally use the energy sword in this game and the soundtrack is so good that i have it on my ipod .
 It 's halo 2 for 20 bucks brand new sealed . And everything I just wish it was black lable great game though
 It was a good game it had good graphics and a good story . The only thing I did n't like about it was the ending to the campaign and that you ca n't change the shields , the only thing you could do to the shields was put on an oversheild which was too much . Also the swords are hard to learn how to use but other than that i would reccomend this game to anyone who wants a good shooter game and does n't have a 360 .
 Lets break it down.I played this game for , I dunno a few days maybe and its pretty good.I dont have live or multiple controllers so I am not going to ridicule this game ... yet.Story is good but kinda rushed . the fact you can go around in multiplayer alone without in splitscreen mode with the other player inactive to find stuff like vehicles or snipe points for when you do play multiplayer is good enough . I heard live was GREAT , so I will get that soon.o , tip if you get this , START ON NORMAL!trust me .
 This is the only game i ever played on X-Box :-RRB- but I have played much to many games on Ps2 and I have never played a game better than this . I was surprised when I was reading these reviews not many mentioned the controls . They are great , I had played the game for ten minutes and I already was keeping up with my friend who had beat it . They are perfectly placed for maximun preformance with the exeption of two things . I disliked the fact that I couldnt melle attack with two guns without dropping one and that you had to get rid of one of your guns to switch to your other.I never played yhe first Halo so I cant judge anything on that , but this is one great game . I agree with the other reviews , when I started hearing the soldier comments i was laughing out loud . My favorite is when you take a human allies gun and they say '' That 's right , you wanted MY gun `` The overall gameplay on the game is a 4.7-5 . I found it very annoying that when the A.I would drive a vehicle for you they would stop and give enimies a chance to get on the vehicle and take you out . I also found myself taking over in the drivers seat multiple times when the computer came to a rough spot and couldnt get past it . I also didnt like it when a soldier would dive in FRONT of the vehicle instead of away from it resulting in a bon marine . But I liked the vehicles so much that in the level after outskirts -LRB- cant remember the name -RRB- I took a Warthog through the whole level . I even drove it onto the big spider thing that comes and you have to kill everything on it to beat the level :-RRB- . Yes i am telling you the truth and those of you with the game i suggest trying it . The graphics on this are some of the best I have ever seen , but in my opinion they dont match burnout 3 's but are pretty close.Its not like i didnt like the conveant levels , they were great , but I found myself skipping almost all the enimies and just to get back to the addictingly fun human levels . I liked it that the A.I was challangeing and easy in the parts it needed to . It always seemed like all your little fights kept adding up until you had one , or two , big fights . Another comment on the vehicles , sorry im saying to much about them , is that the conveant veichels are much worse , in my opinion , than the human veichles . Their weapons are much worse and have a slower rate of fire . In the conveant levels I would never shoot any human vehicles , instead I would always try to take them.I think that the flood came into play at the perfect time . It was at the point where I was getting very bored of using the odd looking and funcitioning conveant weapons . The flood infesting the human bodies and then using their guns was great . I also found out the shotgun works very well aginast them.I use to consider myself a s GTA fan but this has totaly changed my veiw on games . I dont just suggest this to FPS fans , I suggest this to everyone that has an xbox . I give this 3 thumbs up and a sticker that says awsome.Peace
 I loved the first Halo , and I 'm sure most of you also did . While I was playing the first one , I never thought any FPS could be any better - and that was , obviously , before I put my hands on Halo 2 . Halo 2 was hyped as hell , if it was n't the best game ever it would disappoint gamers , so Bungie worked on it really hard for nearly three years . I was kind of let down at first when I saw that the most complex textures and details in the CG-like movies appeared moments after the basic ones . It 's not a big thing , but it 's still something . But when the intro was over , I got shocked ... Could those be the graphics ? Oh my God ! The most incredible graphics I 've ever seen in my entire life ... It began a little bit like Half-Life , and when I found out I could shoot with two weapons at once , I said to myself
 Halo is the mother of all video games . I could write a long review , so I guess this is for the for those who have the first Halo.The Covenant are back and they are pis * ed off . Their target is Earth on the first few levels and then its off to the 2nd Halo ring . Also you get to play a level as a Covenant warrior -LRB- very cool -RRB- . There are new weapons , vehicles and the enemies are a little smarter -LRB- the flood makes an apperance as well -RRB- . The graphics are outstanding and the movies between levels are worth watching . This is a great story as well a a fantastic game !!! I want Halo the movie !! The game is a bit short , but its still a 5 star game . Mad props to Bungie and Microsoft . It is seldom a sequel lives up to the hype and this certainly does . Halo 3 ? We can only hope !!!
 I really enjoyed this game ; it 's probably the best first-person shooter ever . The marketing and hype were a little over the top , but not by much .
 This game owns the original Halo like no other . It has a pretty weird ending , but the extreme gameplay , rich level design , Xbox Live and other new multiplayer features make up for the somewhat dull plot . I love this game ; I think it is one of the best games ever created !
 This is over all a very good game . It give you more options with weapons , more vehicles and more immersion than the first Halo . There are some out there that say that this is just more of the original Halo , well high speed , that is kinda the whole point to make a sequel of a game . You ca n't have a game that follows in the footsteps of another game w/o having something the same . This game has more storyline and goes further into what the covenant are about than the first Halo . The vehicles , weapons and characters have all been tweaked to give more detail and functionality . The levels are diverse and small touches like destructable objects add to the immersion , such as blowing apart a little wall that a grunt is hiding behind . Yes , there are some issues with cutscenes having visual glitches and yet I still can get the impact of the storyline through them . Overall , this game is just plain great and well worth it for anyone to play .
 My two sons love this game.They said it works great , with no problems.As far as I am concerned , it arrived on time , in good shape.Good job.Bigdaddy
 I bought this for my grandsons for Christmas . It came quickly and in excellent condition . My grandkids are very happy with this game .
 I 've played every Halo game to date including Halo 1-3 , Wars , ODST , and Reach . I would rank Halo 2 as 4th best after Halo , Halo Reach , and Halo 3 . Still a great game that I would recommend to any fan of the first game or the series . The Master Chief 's story is incredible.Gameplay
 For Halo fans
 Halo has changed the way we play videogames . Now , bungie can do even better in this sequel . As you all remember at the end of Halo CE , you have the epic warthog timer untill you blow . Then you abored a ship and your home free right ? Wrong ! In Halo 2 you will experience an adventurous tale which takes place right after Halo CE . In the campagin you will be playing as two different roles . The Arbiter `` An elite '' And the legendary master cheif . You will switch back and fourth between the two and you will understand what is going on in the hands of the cov . And play as master chief in the mean time . Although there is much more gameplay of master chief . Anyway , when you are the Elite , you will only be working against the brutes and some grunts though . The reason you play as this elite is because he started a rivalry between the covenant by religious reasons . A great story in fact . You will travel across wonderous lands and be intrigued by how great the graphics and music is . Like in my favorite mission , you are trying to stop the prophet of truth and you stumble upon these ruins with his telegram inside and it sounds like he is singing a song in some language but cortana soon translates it so you can understand what he is saying and what is going on . This has probably my favorite campagin between all of the halo games in the trilogy even though the end was not to great . But , you will be playing it over again right after you beat it , kinda like watching your favorite movie again . The campagin has more missions than Halo CE , however each one is drasticly shorter . But they do tell quite the story . I have enjoyed Halo 2 's campaign more than any other Halo game to this day , and i continue to play it now . There is also a new feature that got everyone hyped up about it . Xbox Live . Which allows you to play online with anyone on many game modes and maps . You may also system link or just split screen multiplayer . The only thing i found bad about this game was the voice and sound quality was not that great , like when other allies talk or when grenades blow . Other than that there is not anything bad and my disc is near seven years old and has scatches galore on the lens . Not once has it glitched or froze .
 I finally got around to ordering Halo Reach , but while I 'd played all the prior Halo releases -LRB- mostly multiplayer -RRB- , the only one I 'd ever actually finished was ODST due to not owning an xbox until about a year ago . So I decided to get the rest of the games in the series and finish them in order before moving on to Halo Reach . Even after 7 years , this is still a fantastic game ! I love how easy it is to jump back several releases and not have to get used to the controls -LRB- they have n't really changed -RRB- . And I find it interesting when I notice little things that have changed and evolved throughout the course of the series . Basically , good times had by all : - -RRB- On another note , I ordered this last night and got it about mid-afternoon today ! Awesome turn around , Amazon ! They used a courier called Dynamex , which I 'd never heard of , but they sure hustled to get it delivered !
 Except for a crack in the cover , the game came in near-perfect condition . This 2004 game runs like a charm on my setup . On some levels , there are bizarre figures barely visible on the top of the screen , like squares and trapes . They are very subtle , however , and can only be seen whilst looking at specific walls or skyboxes.I am very happy with this product .
 aswome but dont do what i did ... I play halo in iraq then years latter I got a xbox 360 and played reach then 3 then 2 then 1 again ... play them in order ... wait and buy and play them in oder ... odst by the way is not really a halo game they changed it just enough that it feels like a differnt game so dont get excited about it
 The game arrived quickly and as expected . I had tried to find this in the game stores for a while , but this was difficult to find . I was happy to find it online .
 Its the greatest FPS of all time , If you have a Xbox 360 , you cans till play it , and you can only find it on amazon
 You know you want to . You know they deserve it . Do something usefull . Tune out your troubles and kill the enemy . The Arbitor learns the truth and now the brainwashing is a memory . Find the key . Save your race . Also the human Spartan gets upgrade in armor has new weapons and he -LRB- you -RRB- gets to kill the brainwashed aliens . They deserve it . Buy the game and kill them . I did .
 This follows in the footsteps of Halo and is a great game with great multiplayer .
 buying christmas games for my son . getting the xbox 360-but have no idea if the halo games can be used on the xbox 360 . please help ~ jennifer
 I put off buying any of the Halo series for so long because I did n't think it would be my type of game . I finally broke down and bought Halo 2 and this game is AWESOME ! I was hooked ! Definately worth every penny . I have beat the game several times already and still enjoy starting all over ! I chose basic shipping and it was at my house within days or ordering !
 Great game ! It was well thought out , but a bit of a cliffhanger for the third installment . Graphics were well done , but storyline not as in depth as Halo 1 . Still , all in all an awesome game that I enjoyed from start to finish .
 Contrary to most people , I like the ending . It leaves room for a Halo 3 , which while on the 360 will have 3x the capabilities of the original XBOX.I must admit that at first I was confused by the ending , since I was so eager to play more I skipped the cut-scenes . Two years later , I play Halo 1 WITHOUT skipping the cut-scenes . I was excited to go on to 2 . Then I realized how much of a cliffhanger 2 offers ; It makes the cliffhanger from Star Wars 5-6 look like a Mario game -LRB- which by the way , is awesome , but never has cliffhangers -RRB- . Since 3 will be out on the 360 in 2 days , I can not wait to battle in the finest graphics and speeds available . FINISH THIS FIGHT !!!!!!
 This game is in my top 5 favorite games Gears of War , Halo1 , Halo2 , bioshock , halo 3 this game is amazing i like it more than the 1st Halo thtis game is awesome .
 To start it is not the original HALO , it lacks the interface and subtles of strategy and tactics . It is a game where `` more '' is pervalent . More firepower , dual-whield , more guns , more vehicles , more characters , more drama , more explosions , more levels , more and more . I dislike more.I prefer the simple story of finding yourself marooned on an unexplainable and enigmatic ring , searching for information , fighting to survive and to overcome.HALO II is too caught up with itself . The first game did not know itself as a blockbuster ... it was simple , effective , entertaining . HALO DOS is a hyperactive verison of Die Hard films.One pro it has is Xbox Live . You can fight your friends online , if you prefer competitive play . The maps are anywere from decent to outstanding .
 ive spent countelss hours playing this game along with halo 1 this is my favorite game and i can wait for halo 3 .
 This game is better than Halo and different than any other games I played in the past . I look forward to getting the next Halo game available . Thanks !
 I have never played Halo 1 and because of that I ca n't make a comparison between the two . What I can tell you is that Halo 2 is a fantastic,action-packed , rip-roaring game.The first level is on Cairo Station where you must get rid of a bomb placed by the covenant on the station.Trust me , you 'll love the video clip after this.After the video sequence you land on Earth and do a ... . that 's for me to know and for you to buy and find out .
 This game is amazing . It has unbelieveable graphics and a perfect storyline . The best game I have ever played !
 Halo 2 the best FPS on console , no doubt , but it also has the best multiplayer on console as well . There are so many options , it will make your head spin ! Choose the map , wether you want one weapon or all of them , who can join your game . Yes , Halo 2 will OWN you if you have X-Box live , if not , it is still a fun System-Link game.Halo 2 single player campaign is also epic as well . It is perfectly crafted so it never lets up a second . It is more linear than Halo , but still not too much.Let me talk about the graphics ... they are verry good for a console . I was a little dissapointed with them the first time I played it , but after you take the time to look at the detail on the character models , on the weapons , on the textures , you will agree , it is one of the best looking console games ever . Though its not # 1 , it still looks good.Overall , if you have an X-Box and dont have Halo 2 , your fricken crazy . Go out and buy it now ! If you are under age , beg your parents to buy it for you . Its that good.Concept - Take over as the premire X-Box title over your predesesor.Presintation-9 .8 - Box art is good , menues for X-Box live are a bit confusing at first , but you will get used to it.Graphics - 9.3 - Overall a much better package than the first with better character models and textures . I would give this game a 10 , but the pop-up in the cinimatics make you want to screamSound - 10 - Perfect . Nothing Else to say but perfect . Do yourself a favor , play tis game on 5.1 surround sound.Playability - 10 - Silky smooth controlls . Jacking a Ghose is hard , but in a good way . Dual Weilding is also easy to use . Best console FPS controlls since , well , Halo.Entertainment - 9.8 - Its the best FPS on console , so duh its entertainigReplay Value - 11 - You will still play this game after X-Box 360 comes out . -LRB- That X-Box 2 for those of you who dont follow those kinds of things -RRB-
 This game is awesome ! It 's the sole reason I bought my X-Box . Being a girl , I 've had many guys on X-box Live say this is a game just for guys , that is definetly not true . Being an avid gamer -LRB- and yes I do have a life other than video games -RRB- , I can easily say that this game beats all first person shooters I 've played . It 's graphics are awesome , it 's got secrets galore , the story line is great , and the X-box Live feature just makes it even better . I recomend this game or anyone who has n't played it , or is having second thoughts .
 I finally bought an Xbox after a nationwide scarcity since November and purchased Halo 2 -LRB- of course -RRB- , and enjoyed it very much . Graphics are terrific and the sound is awesome , but my buddy and I were a little disappointed that there were n't as many levels as we 'd thought . Overall good , though .
 This game is rad.Especially with XBox Live.Otherwise , it 's only semi-rad .
 Best game that I have ever played . The online play is the best any console has ever even dreamed of . You ca n't go wrong with this game . Best 50 bucks I have ever spent !!!
 This game is perhaps the most fun game i have ever played . The only other game that could even match it is the original Halo . Before i get started , let me clarify a few things . Do n't pay attention to the people who gave this game only a few stars . These people are mainly jealous PS2 owners who are grumpy because the game is n't coming to their platform and thus they are trying to ruin the game 's overall score.I feel that this game has made several improvements . Dual-wielding for example . In Halo 1 , if you wanted to kill an elite fast , you just shoot it with a charged plas . pistol shot , then switch to a pistol for the head shot . In Halo 2 , thanks to d-wielding , you just hit it with the p. pistol shot and then pull the other trigger and finish him off !! This is like carrying three weapons in a way . Though you loose grenades , this is a small price to pay for an elite kill in 2 seconds -LRB- very useful on legendary -RRB- . Furthermore , for those people who miss their assault rifle , that 's what the SMG is for . It has slightly less power than the AR , but when dual-wielded with another one , overpowers the AR anyday . True , the pistol has been weakened quite a bit but you will not miss it once you see the battle rifle . It has a scope , and one pull of the trigger will deliver as much damage as the Halo 1 pistol did . It is essentially the same gun ! On the subject of vehicles , the destructabilty of them is just cool . If you want to go into battle with a totally tricked out ` hog ride , shoot the thing 's hood a few time until fire comes out the front ! Then hop in . Even if the car is on fire , it will live until you die . Hijacking the vehicles is also tremendous fun . Buy the game , you will see what i mean!Also , the graphics are just spectacular . They are about 5x better than the original game . Plotwise , the game is equally amazing . The only bad thing is the ending.All I can say is buy this game . It totally is a killer ap . Do n't listen to jealous PS2 owners , and BUY THIS GAME !!! -LRB- you should buy this game for Sgnt . Johnson 's wise cracks alone ! -RRB-
 I 'll mention this straight out
 `` Halo Combat Evolved '' had a better story mode than `` Halo 2 '' . But `` Halo 2 '' had a way better multyplayer .
 ok basicly the best game ever ... . I like duel weilding ... . multiplayer is good but the maps arent as good as on the first one ... . kinda dissapointing story line and a horrible ending but ya know its still the best game ever so far.p.s . that last reveiw was retarded and was random
 Halo 2 is strong follow up to its predecessor , Halo : CE . It 's single player might not be as strong as the originals , but the multiplayer experience you will have with this game is amazing . Single player suffers from a story that is not as strong as the first halo and a cliffhanger ending . It also suffers from some repetitive level design and overall it does n't blow you away like the first games single player did . However , the halo 2 single player experience is still better than 98 % of console FPS games out there.The multiplayer is where you get the value out of this game . This game in combination with an xbox live subscription is the most fun you will ever have with a console FPS . The matchmaking system that is implemented in online play is a revolutionary feature to the online gaming movement , as it makes getting into games with people of the same skill easier than ever before . Theres a good amount of variety in all of the levels and most of the levels show the balance that you want when you are playing a team-based FPS.Overall , Halo 2 is the best selling xbox game for a reason . You ca n't go wrong with picking this one up .
 All Xbox/or 360 owners must get this game . I dont care what kind of games you like you must get it . One of my friends hated it until we played the multiplayer . The multiplayer is my favorite part of the game . If you have four players ou can play team and that is really awesome . Or if you and your friend has an xbox you can by a link cable and hook them up and you can have eight players . To do this you will need a link cable , two xboxs , two halo 2 disks , and two tvs . This game is my favorite game .
 This game is very excellent for me Saud . I am loving it and I play it all the time and my poor old dadeo gets no chance of watching his big television . And I do n't even let him have a go at the game . That is how much I am loving it.If you say the game is useless that means you do not know how to play the game rite .
 I got this game when it first came out also . It was a big increase of the things they added , and how better the graphics and gameplay got . They changed the style of the game JUST a little bit , not enough to really notice . The story line is again , lefting off where it did on Halo 1 . So if you beat Halo 1 you understand whats going on . You get more into the Covenant -LRB- Alien -RRB- side on this game , you can also play as one in certain levels ! The graphics here again are really good , good sound effects , good controls and its real fun . Some people were a little dissapointed with the single player campaign , It didnt get TOO in depth , but it was decent enough for me . The multiplayer is one of the best ever ! If you play this game on Xbox Live , then you will understand why ! Its really fun . Good maps etc. . Alot more things to do with Halo 2 ! Now we got ta wait for Halo 3 . But in the meantime , check this one out!Graphics - 5/5Sound - 5/5Controls - 5/5Fun Factor - 5/5
 You know I used to hate fps -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- games ... but one day I was at my cousin 's party and we were just playing videogames and some older guys came over he knew and put halo in . Ever since then i ca n't get enough of them , and on a side note Halo has to be the best of them overall . If you are tired of fps games or if you just were never interested this is the game to rekindle that flame that you thought was just not there . -LRB- By the way wats up with the metaphor that included the words `` Mosse '' `` gosse '' and `` alnose '' , kid pay attention in school ... i mean i am dying to know what you could have possibly meant by `` alnose '' -RRB- . And to the kid who gave Halo 2 one star and mentioned some kid named Brandon and Grand Theft Auto being better ... ha ha . Please rethink that one .
 Halo 2 is the sequel to the best selling xbox game Halo , which sold over 4million copies with unbeliveable graphics , gameplay , sound and a stoyline that left you in suspence wanting to know what will happen next . Halo 2 offers unbelivble graphics and sound , but lacks alittle on the stroyline and gameplay that made Halo so great . You do swich between the Master Cheif and a Covenant Elite durring the gameplay , but the storyline goes nowhere new . You fight on a ship in space in the first level -LRB- sound familer -RRB- but then you go and crash land on Earth this time and not on Halo . But when you leave Earth , you go and fight on another Halo world . -LRB- sound familer -RRB- and then you go and get the index -LRB- sound familer -RRB- and then go to the control center to stop it from being activated -LRB- sound familer -RRB- . There is nothing new in the storyline for Halo 2 , its all the same , Halo2 is mainly an expansion for Halo1 .
 With the introduction of Xbox live and the online play that it offers , one game stands above the rest , Halo 2 . Multiplayer on Halo 2 is a completely mind-blowing experience . It is possible to play anything from capture the flag to a completely custom game and still have it be entertaining for hours , days , or even months on end.The area of online play is where Halo 2 far surpasses the original Halo . Halo could be played online , but it was no where near as extensive as it is today , and as widely played . Halo 2 offers many new weapons
 Combat evolved indeed . When Halo 2 first came out in Nov. of 2004 I fried my brain and eyesight on normal difficulty for 10 and half hours to play it through on the next setting up : Heroic . My but was black and blue from the beating-and I 'll be more than happy to do it all over again . You start out as Master Chief on a ship then aliens board it . You have to deffend you ship then you find out that there is a bomb on board . You have to find the bomb and get rid of it . Then you fight on Earth for two levels . And what really suprised me is that you fight as an Elite alien in the game . But the thing I did n't like about the story is that the flood returns and you have to fight them too . The game is much better than the first game . The multiplayer split screen is very fun -LRB- my favorite part of the game -RRB- especially with lots of friends . There are also new aliens in the game . Here is the Alien starting line up.GRUNT
 I was thrilled to see the sequel to my favorite game in years , but a little dissappointed with a few things . First the pros ... The graphics , textures and colors received a fantastic upgrade . The game seemed more vibrant and although I loved the first game , the second installment offered a serious upgrade in this area.Gameplay was smooth and full of action . I loved having the other marines with me through much of the game ; it was a very nice touch.The Co-op campaign . When will other people follow suit and get a clue !! THANK YOU BUNGIE for putting a co-op campaign in the game . So many other FPS out there are great -- ala Call of Duty 2 -- but they get stuck back on the shelf because I 'd rather play with a friend than alone . Bungie earns high marks for this.Online -- this is where Bungie once again shines and realizes what it takes to make a great game even better . Fantastic online options including `` party mode '' lets you play with -- get this -- your friends . Instead of being forced into games with strangers you can play with your friends . Amazingly , this feature has yet to be duplicated by other manufacturers.Now the Cons ... The flashlight ... for some reason it turns off automatically in the second game , which I do n't like . Why ? Because it usually turns off when you still need the darn thing , so what is the point of having it ? Secondly , it illuminates about as well as a match even when it is on.Level design -- they dropped the ball again , just like in the first game . The first three levels were incredible and I loved them , but later in the game they just got sloppy.Having to drop your weapon when you do a melee attack during dual wield is just plain silly.Personally , I could certainly do without the levels playing as the covenant . It was implemented well enough , but frankly I was n't interested.The ending -- absolutely horrible . I know the first game got bashed a bit for the ending , but i liked it . Driving the warthog out of the exploding Pillar of Autumn was cinematic and dramatic . The second game -- worthless . The fight seems to stop right in the middle -- the end -- you 're done.The weapons -- although I thought the rifle in the first game was underpowered , I thought they made the problem worse with the 3-shot burst version in the second game . The punch of the gun may have been stronger , but you only had three shots per burst which in the end made it far worse than the gun in the first game . Lets talk about ammo capacity on it -- 108 rounds ... are you joking ? Its a useless piece of weaponry , drop it and grab ANYTHING else . And the shotgun was n't up to snuff either . Do you mean to tell me that with all this space-age weaponry they ca n't offer a semi-auto shotgun?Overall a fantastic game but probably not quite at the level it should have been . Hopefully bungie will finally get the level design problem fixed for the third installment and really go all out . The replay value on this game is unsurpassed because of the online play , but I just could n't give it five stars because even with all the improvements Bungie still repeated some old mistakes .
 Halo 2 is by far one of the best shooters of all time . It is worth alone to buy an xbox . It has all the good things great mutiplayer levels , great campanine levels . One thing I like about the multiplayer is some of the levels are really big and some of the levels are really small.I do n't get why people say dule welding ruins the game becasue it does not . The only thing bad about it is that you can not throw gernades . I recommened this game to anyone who likes good shooters .
 I ca n't remember the last time a played Halo , oh yeah , because Halo2 was in the makin for 3 years ! Ok , hijacking vehicles is just something to get the GTA fans to buy it . However , it does make the make the game a little easier . -LRB- damn banshee ! slow down so i can shoot your pilot ! -RRB- The story is sub-par , which is a letdown because halo 1 's story was brilliant . THe graphics ? Gorgeous . The sound ? Stunning . The gamplay . Eh ... the dual wielding is kinda ' confusing and hard . I liked the new weapons , but dual wielding stinks . But this game WHEN THE PRICE GOES DOWN .
 This game has everything a shooter must have great battles , tough enemies , good AI , and lots of different guns.The story is probobly the best story ever told in a videogame -LRB- it even beats final fantasy in my opinion -RRB- , and delivers big after a long wait.But of course there are a few small flaws ike in every game.One of the flaws is the sheild dosent last as long as the first game but it recharges 10x faster.The marines AI seemed to have downgraded a tiny bit making them not quite as good but heck youre the master cheif what do you need marines for ... but overall i think this game is a better game than the original these small little flaws are microscopic and really dont matter.Plus the music is great i even picked up the soundtrack.This game is a must buy for any X-box owner .
 I just played an awsome game of halo and i thought i should write a review.First off , this is obviously the sequel to the hugely popular initial Halo game . You are Master Chief , a space marine who is sent out to battle the enemies . You are fighting the Covenant , who are your main foes , but you also run into the Flood , who are a space parasite that wants to eat all life . In addition , there are mechanical creatures on Halo who want to kill pretty much anything including the Flood . So each location and creature type has its own look , feel , attitudes and reactions.The graphics are simply gorgeous , from the rippling water to the clouds in the sky and reflections off of surfaces . I love taking screenshots of this game . The music is also extremely well done , in that the quality is always very high . But it 's a little bizarre to be going from new age lilting softness in one heated battle to high intensity rock music in another and so on . It does n't necessary track to the location you 're in , either . It 's just whatever the designers felt like putting in.The gameplay and plot is where this game really shines . Your characters that interact with you are simply BRILLIANT in how they each do what a real live creature would do . Grunts are my favorite - these little Covenant front-liners are brave and talkative when they 're in groups , but when you whittle them down they suddenly turn and flee , shrieking at the top of their lungs . Your teammates leap into vehicles with you , either driving or shooting depending on your preference . They 'll come alongside you to give you support , and duck for cover when appropriate.The quips the characters come out with mid-battle still make me laugh out loud . In one sequence you are the covenant Arbitor and are working your way through a room . You come across a pair of grunts and a jackal under attack , and take out the enemies . The grunt comes running to you in glee , shouting , `` Arbitor ! My savior ! '' Then he pauses and adds , `` Jackal , say thank you to the Arbitor ! '' : -RRB- The cut scenes are equally as brilliant and are truly movie quality in the interactions . The timing , dialogue , everything is great . The little touches are everywhere . In one sequence , the Sergeant is preparing his troops to get ejected in pods down to the surface of Halo . He walks past the Master Chief 's pod and thumps twice on it , as if to say `` All OK in there , ready to go ? '' Right on beat , you see Master Chief inside his pod , thumping once back in response . You really forget that these are just computer generated characters.Multiplayer is the stellar addition to this release and there are reasons to be thrilled . You can play on a large variety of maps , in a number of styles , and there is even going to be downloadable content in the future.That all being said , there are of course a few non-stellar aspects to this release . First , the ending SUCKS . The first one was bad enough with its `` Oh I bet there is another Halo out there '' so you do n't even feel like you really saved the world . In this one , not only is it not a `` you 're done but it 's not over '' ending - it 's pretty much cut off mid-battle ! That is INCREDIBLY frustrating for a gameplayer . Obviously they want you to buy Halo 3 , but that 's going to be a year or two away . Ca n't we have some satisfaction in the meantime?Next , the game is really short , even on normal mode . We had a friend start the game up Sunday morning at about 12:30 and he was done with the entire game by around 8 . You can have fun replaying it on the harder levels , but that 's a rather quick game.Finally , the multiplayer , while brilliant in concept , is lacking in implementation right now . There are two general ways to play - either you set up a game yourself for friends ONLY , or you launch into the ether to play a quick match . If you get up your own game you can control all the settings , but you can only invites people on your friends list . That limits the chances of having a full game unless you are VERY proactive in seeking friends . The quick match game only lets you make a few choices , and then in essence you are auto-connected with other people who are also actively seeking those game types . You ca n't browse or look . You just say `` I want to play X type of game '' and then you wait - literally for 5 minutes or more sometimes - as the servers gather together other people who are also actively seeking that game type . Then the game auto launches without you even knowing who is on your team or if you want to play with them . It 's very frustrating to people who are used to the more customizeable lobby situations.Still , the online experience can always be tweaked going forward , and the base gameplay is amazingly good . I highly recommend the game to anyone who enjoys shooting / strategy games - but you might want to rent it for a week first , to see if what it offers to you after that point is going to keep you playing .
 Halo 2 is by far the best video game Ive ever played . Period . From mind boggling graphics to the intense gameplay to a surprisingly interesting plot , this game was truly a blast -LRB- literally -RRB- . Bungie really outdid themselves , and out of all of the work theyve done -LRB- including the spectacular Myth series -RRB- this one really takes the cake . Get it , you wont be disappointed .
 This Game Put The XBOX On top as the champ of all systems .
 First of all , this is a really fun game . Having said that , I have to admit that there are serious flaws in the campaign mode . The story is a nonsensical mishmash of things thrown together , and the ending is a bit anit-climatic . Also , the CG cut scenes seem rushed -LRB- human characters have the smooth skin of a moldy turnip -RRB- . However , you did n't buy this for the campaign . You bought this for the multiplayer options . In this area , Halo 2 really shines . Using X-Box Live , Halo to becomes a home game party every night . The maps are great and the gameplay is very satisfying . Also there are so many game types , you 'll spend hours and hours exploring them all . My advice is to sign up for X-Box Live -LRB- if you do n't have it -RRB- and get online with Halo 2 . You wo n't regret it .
 That 's not to say it 's a bad game . It just seemed to me that there were a few elements in the game that the developers relied on to carry it , and instead of beefing up every level , every character , every little bite of programming ... they left a lot of it so-so because you could now DUAL WEILD ! And you had MORE VEHICLES ! And , uh , was there anything else?In most of my reviews , I just cover the negatives . But I still gave this game four stars . So keep that in mind if you think I hated this game . I did n't . I just point out things that I think will make you throw your controller through the screen , in case you 're prone to doing that and you do n't want to break another tv.First off , the AI is NOT better than the original . Yes , they 'll hop into a vehicle and ride alongside you , which is cool at first ... until they run you down , crash into you , or oh-so commonly go flying over a cliff to their impending doom . What a waste . And if you 're manning a turret on the back of a vehicle with the AI driving , for the most part it `` works . '' It 's a fun twist on the gameplay , which I so desired after not being able to get my AI teammates to drive for me in the original . But they 'll also stop at inopportune times , as if they did n't * see * that missile or plasma shot coming at us , resulting in a painful , fiery death.The friendly AI is about the same as the first game when they 're on foot . Not shabby . If you do n't know where to go next , just look for your team and chances are they 'll be en route already . But they also have a penchant for diving for cover in FRONT of your moving vehicle , which is just silly.Now , I wonder if it 's because of the arrangement of the levels or WHAT , but the enemy AI did n't seem as interested in taking cover or flanking me this time around . They only flank if they 're cloaked . So despite the new Brutes charging at me all the time , I kinda felt like I was shooting alien fish in a barrel.And the Brutes bring up another big topic
 Great game , Halo rocks ! My wife became upset with me because I beat it in 2 days of her buying it for me ! That would have to be my only negative comment , the gameplay was way to short and not that difficult .
 THIS WAS DEFINETLY THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED , IT TOOK ME ABOUT 12 HOURES TO BEAT -LRB- WHICH IS A LONG TIME FOR ME ; i BEAT THUG 1 IN 6 , AND HALO 1 IN 10 -RRB- ALTHOUGH i WOULD N`T SAY THIS IS MUCH BETTER THAN HALO 1 -LRB- WHICH WAS AWSOME , 5 STARS -RRB- , IT HAS MORE WEAPONS AND BETTER GRAPHICS.THIS IS DEFINETLY A MUST HAVE , 9.6 STARS BY GAMESPOT .
 This is a hard game even at times on easy . Instead of Easy , Normal and Diificult . It should be Normal , Difficult and Damn . I love this game a lot but getting dumped in a room by the flower from Little Shop of Horrors with basicly a pop gun is a bit of a jolt . I still do something I should never do as a shooter fan and take death personally . I always feel like I let Master Chief down when I get him killed and tend to get a loud about it which bugs the bejeezes out of the wife . I kinda got my own personal Cortona . I have always played it on the Xbox but being a multi platformer I 'm debating whether or not to purchase the PC version . You folks have any ideas on that one . The aiming accuracy of the mouse would be nice at times .
 This game is so much fun . The many different game modes/maps , make this game a must buy for both xbox and xbox 360 owners . Even when just playing with 3 friends , this game is still incredibly fun . The single player story mode is also long and satisfying , and really fills you in on many aspects of the halo plot . The graphics are very nice looking , and the sound is great too . I would definitely either buy the map pack , or if you have xbox live , download the map pack/patch . The patch is especially important as it fixes many glitches like the rocket/sword lunge , and many others .
 I 've been meaning to get this game forever and finally got around to it . It 's amazing how much fun it is and once you get on live it really starts to shine . Ca n't wait for Halo 3 and see if bungie can keep the streak of great games alive .
 amazing , Halo 2 will blow you away . great graphics and a new arsenal to choose from . Twists and turns with a few surprises will leave you begging for more .
 This game brought a new future of gaming with it . There is nothing to say but its GREAT .
 Thankfully they kept the game the same , just changing enough to make it as fun as the first !!!
 My kids love playing this game and are looking forward to the next one .
 This game had a lot of hype before it was released and it lives up to it.Both single player and multiplayer are awesome . The sound is incredible and the graphics are the best that will put out by the XBOX.The best part of this game for me is to play CO-OP Campaign on Legendary with a buddy . Nirvana .
 Halo 2 has got to be the best video game ever hands down . After playing the first Halo I was hooked right at the start . This game has excellent graphics , better sound , better interactivity and a much better story.There are way more weapons and you can interact with the environment a lot more than in the first one.Get this game !
 1.0-1 .9 abysmal2.0-2 .9 terrible3.0-3 .9 bad4.0-4 .9 poor5.0-5 .9 medicor6.0-6 .9 fair7.0-7 .9 good8.0-8 .9 great9.0-9 .9 superb10 perfectHalo 2 is ausome !!!!! one of the best games all year !!! I was one of the first people to resurve it and it was worth it !!!! But Halo 2 has its downsides Like the levels they are really fun and have wepons everywere but sometimes I had no clue of were I was going.second of all the bad storyline.But halo is the most fun game of the year.I liked how when ghosts or tanks were coming at you you could jack them . Overall Halo 2 is ausome !!!! I give it a 9.4-10 supurb game . by it as soon as possible !!!
 Halo2 is the best game available to video gamers right now.Thats clearly because the game has been very sucessful , it has sold over 1Million copies to this day.The game Halo2 is the sequal to last year 's game of the year , Halo.In the game you basically have to defeat your opponent to a game of 25 kills.You get to choose from a list of different guns and swords.The gun fights in this game are clearly better than any other game.Gamepro magazine gave the game 's gun fights a ten out of ten , a nine out of ten on graphics , and a ten out of ten on it 's sounds.This is by far the game of the year , this game is the hottest game in stores today.So do the fans love this game?Yes , defenitley everyone who has played this game just loves it.This is the most popular game in the USA.Think about it over 1Million copies sold and 90 % play it on X BOX Live.Over 92,000 players online everyday , some people even play the game 24/7 . Some people I play refer to this game as a drug that 's how addictive it is , it 's just great.Hopefully they will makes a sequal , a last chapter to the Halo series .
 i like this game its decent . But the ending really sucks.the ending stincks like a 5 year old moldy turd . seriouslyanyways , a good choice . its like twice as good as the first one
 Game
 Halo2 is the best game in the WORLD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU VERY MUCH .
 This game suxs compared to the first hope bungie doesnt mess up with 3
 To begin with , this game is nothing compared to the best game ever invented for xbox-Fable . But they are two different categories , so I will give Halo 2 a break . Halo 2 is the SECOND best FPS for xbox , the reason I say second is Halo was much much better , but who cares about Halo right now , Im here to give you the scoop on Halo 2 . Great Game . wonderful shooter game , if thats what you are looking for . But it is the most popular game for xbox , and possibly the most popular game ever made for any system . In this new addition to the beloved Halo series , you get to play not only as Master Chief , but also as the Arbiter . Yes , you can dual weild weapons wich is aweesome perfect for killing alien scum . You cant , however , throw a grenade when dualwielding , and that kinda stinks . Thats ok though , never fear , the dual wield itself is much better than any grenade . I have to go , my review was supposed to be longer , but Im late for work ... yikes ! i only have 5 minutes , but know this Halo 2 should be , wait no , MUST be at the top of your game list for xbox , if your one of those few , sorry people who havent yet bought it . Halo 2 ROCKS !!!!!!! now i just hope im not late for work , i spent all my time telling you lot how good halo 2 is ...
 Halo 2 . There is not another game that gives you chills down your spine when you say the title . This was the most anticipated game ever in the videogame industrie . This game definatley lived up to its hype , and in my opion it passed that hype . Many people believe that GTA
 HI !!!! I would recomend this game to everybody who likes FPSs . This game has good graphics and ... good graphics . So like I said I would recomend it to anybody . BUY NOW !!! Thanks * Mike Hock -LRB- Say this name fast -RRB-
 this game is so fun ... want to know whats funner than halo 2 ??? Ice Cream ! I love ice cream -LRB- and halo 2 -RRB- ! ice cream has more flavors than halo 2 . halo 2 only comes in limited and normal flavors ! Ice cream comes in chocolate , vanila , strawberry , and a whole bunch of more cool yummy flavors . I would recomeend ice cream and halo 2 too anybody . if u r a retard like me and u like halo 2 , you will get halo 2 and learn the importance of BUTTER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I SCREAM FOR ICE CREAM !!! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 this game is hotter than a freaken rican in an oven . honestly , the dual wielding gun mode , better vehicles , 50 more guns , and human cities make this game absolutely amazing . buy it . LIVESTRONG OR DIE WEAK
 The people who hate this game for its `` flaws '' and because it 's on a `` console system '' -LRB- which they have no idea how to play , unfortunately -RRB- are men who play counterstrike all day , and do not know what a `` girl '' is or what a `` game '' is . This game beats the living begeezus about of the original Halo . Do n't whine about the Covenant levels , most of them are damn fun -LRB- except for that one bit in the Library scene that 's extremely monotonous -RRB- . Do n't hate the game because of Dual Wielding ... people who hate dual wielding are usually people who suck at it and do nothing to try to LEARN how to dual wield . This game has a great story , a challenging campaign -LRB- if you take the time to play SOMETHING above `` normal '' or `` easy '' like some poser -RRB- , and an awesome multiplayer and enemy AI . Sure , the cinematic and some tectures are constantly loading , but then again , people actually like cruddy games like Final Fantasy VIII , X , X-2 , Socom II , Splinter Cell , and tons of other boring games . The only thing I miss from the original Halo is the `` three shot-zoomed pistol kills , '' but at least I am man enough to admit that those kills got kind of cheap and it was an unfair exploit to begin with . In conclusion , buy this game , and get XBOX live . Ca n't get XBOX live ? It 's EASY ! All you need is a working router , an extra ethernet cable or two , and a working credit card number , and your SET ! Do n't waste your time with `` Counter-Suck , '' play a game that 's worth the wait , worth the time , and worth the money
 Microsoft came out with a brillent game . This is WAAAAAAYYYYYYYY better then Halo . Halo 2 is More realistic !! The viecheals when you shoot them they get dameged . Please BUY this game . On some levels you get to be the covent COOL EH ?!! Much harder then Halo . Halo 2 is the leader !!! I GIVE THIS GAME 100 + STARS !
 This game is da bomb . It made me late 4 school a couple of times . The graphics is amazing . I wuz kinda disappointed about da ending .
 Is Halo 2 a good game with great multiplayer . Yes . Is is worth getting a coronary over ? No . No real reason to write a detailed review . Everyone already knows everything about this much over-hyped game . Why did nobody get this excited over San Andreas , when the latter is obviously a better game due to its gigantic world and monsterload of stuff to do ?
 Halo 2 is indescribable . The physics and graphics are off the chain . Played it for 3 hours when it came out at midnight ... SOOO SICK ! If you 're alive and you have n't played this game yet you 're a failure at life . The story is crazy and the gameplay is even crazier .
 Halo 2 is good , but not great . Especially in multi player . i enjoyed the old split screen of up and down , instead of side by side.At times , there 's soo much confusion in the screen that I 'm like `` what 's going on ? `` The city scene reminds me a little of black hawk down.The movie scenes are a little choppy.however the story line seems a bit confusing , but still enjoyable.Overall , Halo 2 is good , but not great .
 Great game . Not much else you can say about this one .
 This game has many more features than Halo and it 's amazing . i dont care if you hate this review . JUST BUY IT ! NOW !
 The game is good but why I got a Japanese version in US ? Most menu and display are in Japanese . Is there any way to change the language setting ?
 Halo 2 is an awesome game , but it sucks when compared to the original . In Halo the weapons and vehicles were better , and the levels were more challenging . Oh yeah , and the battle rifle in Halo 2 is a very crappy weapon . The machine gun in the original was much better . But overall , this game rocks like Ted Rockson .
 just about the best video game ever , both online and in the campaign mode . all the media on its release , the follow-up to the first halo , all the new weapons and gameplay , the reason for greatness is there somewhere , i just cant put my finger on it
 Thie game is a must it has a good soundtrack cinemas and gameplay it will keep you buisy just playing levels to mess around with the vehicles the only things bad about the game is they changed the asult rife model -LRB- i like the original assult rife better -RRB- and they made it so you play as a elite all else is fine halo 3 is going to be at e3 so all u xbox live players out there get the multi player expansion pack for 20 dollars -LRB- you need halo 2 to play -RRB- i think microsoft will make new features such as peaking around corners and new viechles dont think hallo series will end this franchies will be a very long and popular series.spoiler alertpeople are saying the story for halo 3 is master chief travels back in the past to kill the people or aliens that made halo but that would stink cuz it would be like pong a never ending battle so master chief will destroy it aliens will destroy master chief ! and all those game he said stunk is NOT TRUE KOTOR IS FOR EVEN STAR WARS HATERS!it a very good game that has multiple paths and it is a hack and slash not turned basedGET THE FIRST BEFORE THE SECOND YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT !
 graphics :10 / 10it has very amazing graphics , but the half-life 2 graphics are the best eversound :11 / 10orchestric and rock music combined , hav i lost my mindooo wait it 's acully awsomea.i. :11 / 10a huge improvement from the original halogameplay :11 / 10it 's 1 word ... . AWSOME!multiplayer :100000000000 / 10the best multiplayer i hav ever senn , multi . on xbox live is the best thing that has ever happend on xbox live !
 I 've only played the 1 player mode on this , and not the online multiplayer mode , so I can only comment on the former . I think it 's true when a lot of people say that it 's shorter . What 's surprising to me is that the ending is not an ending at all , but just something of a break that seems to lead to the next stage of the game . Think `` Reloaded '' in the Matrix series . The developers are making a very obvious advertisement for the 3rd sequel . Gameplay is fun , new weapons , new vehicles , new enemies , and you also get to play from the perspective of the convenant . Graphics are even better , and the Master Chief can now run , which I find to be helpful and more realistic . My only disappointment was
 ever since i got this game , i have been inside playing . The graphics are amazing ! the weapons are awesome and the vehicles are the coolest !! After i dominate this game , im gon na wait for HALO 3 !!!!!!!!!
 Even though it was kind of cheap tp end the story in the middle of the game , it is still awesome in the storyline . Dont make me get started about multiplayer . This game by far is the best first-person shooter made to date . And the fact that it is xbox live compatible makes it even better . In conclusion , if I had to pick one game in the world it would be halo 2 .
 Halo 2 rocks . Read the real reviews and ingore the idoitical reviews like CarefulReviewer . That review is coming from someone who thinks Beethoven is better than Halo 2 .
 Well i dont have the game but my friend does and while i was playing multy player i noticed the vision . you really couldnt see that good , but the good side of the game was that the weapon feature where you can hold two weapons was awsome . OK OK I ADMIT IT ive never played halo 1 and me playing halo 2 was my first , but i got in the groove right away the controlls were easy the guns were cool the vehiciles were awsome ! A moms out there get this game for your children even if they have never played the origanal halo because it is awsome
 this here game is tha best dern game my lil eyes hav evur seen ... i dun beet it 3 times alredy ... but it aint super easy to beet thou ... i beet it on evury difficulty cept ledgendery ... but on heeroic it was almost impossibull !!!!!!!!! ... i luv this game ... and yall will 2 ... and if ye dont then yall got summin rong with ye !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ... IMA PURE DEE REDNEK AND IM PROUD TO BE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this game is so much fun im so happy i own it its about the same as halo 1 with more guns and levels its amazing i love buy it and do yourself a favor !
 Halo 2 will be the best . The graphics are so much better than the original . Multiplayer is going to be so much better . The Covenant Elite 's sword is actually useable . You will also be allowed to paint your character any color . Maybe even a pink elite with black armor . This is a must buy for all Xbox owners .
 This game is fun but it 's not that fun . I mean , there is n't a single clown in sight . Buy it and enjoy it , or at least try to knowing there are n't any clowns in it .
 for all of you who even gave it 4 stars are complete dumbasses . get your head outa the guttter , seriously though , this game owns . ive played it for 3 years , and it is still my favorite . play it everyday . addicted ? YES ! the LAN parties are esspecially awesome ... and 5 hours straight is not long enough .
 Alright i just want to say all the people who say it is bad because nerds play it.That is a lie me and my friends play it and we all play sports hangout with other people play football and were all good at sports such as I box n basketball so that is a lie . This is awsome kind of difficult but the main reason I would buy it is FOR LIVE if you dont have LIVE BUY IT RIGHT NOW -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is the best game ever . it is exactly like Halo but with better weapons and better graphics .
 this is one game that you know I am not allowed to play . because of all the guns . in this game you are halo and you have a lot of guns . I think the levels are hard in this game and my friend play sometime and let me watch him . let me watch him play somtime and watch him shoot the guns and sometime he let me chose what gun to shoot . My favorite is the blue one because it is the biggest and man it shoot so hard and good to see!tony
 True - there is a TON of Hype surrounding this game due to Halo 1 selling 5 million plus . Everyone was eagerly anticipating Nov. 9 so they can spend their 50 $ or 55 $ on it . Bungie studios & microsoft are gon na make some HUGE profits from the sales ! Some people stood in line for hours until after midnight to get this game . I am not one of them . Why not ? ... I will instead wait to hear all the reviews of the game first to make sure it 's as good as all the marketing hype claims it is . I 'm not one of the millions of sheep that stand in line or preorder the game just because it 's coming out . The game is n't going anywhere and the price will only drop , people act like it 's only being sold on Nov. 9 ! What 's the sense in rushing to get a game that could possibly have bugs or simply is n't as good or better than the original?I 'm a patient guy , call me when it 's 20 $ or 25 $ , then I 'll consider buying .
 When I first got Halo 2 on the day it came out I was hyped to play it . I thought that the graphics where very good . The sound tracks were amazing and the gameplay was as good as the first . I did n't like that the levels were really easy . Some of the weapons that were in the first were better than the one 's in Halo 2 . You are hardly the Master Cheif and you have to play as the Arbiter -LRB- the Elite -RRB- . After you beat the game there is not much that you can do with it . But during the gameplay I thought that it was really fun at the time . I would prefer games like Doom 3 that is coming out on April 4 . I have played the computer version of it and I am planning on getting it on X-Box . It is a really fun , scary , and challenging game . It will scare you out of your pants . There is plenty of single player action in Doom 3 compared to Halo 2 .
 Halo 2 is definetely my favorite game for the Xbox system currently . With amazing graphics , gameplay , sound , many weapons , vehicles and the best online play to ever hit the Xbox so far , halo 2 is is the most playable game ever created.Halo 2 has a basic story , its just that Master Chief has returned and is once again trying to stop the covenant from taking over earth and all of the other planets . Master Chief is also trying to deny a weapon of massive power and one that would have a great effect on the world!Even though this game has a simple story , the gameplay is unthinkable . I will break up my review into different categories listed below ... Graphics
 Halo2 is the coolist game in the world.It has xbox live , new weapons , hogs can blow up , and lots of other cool things like energy swords .
 Halo 2 is an action packed game with pretty straight foward gameplay - fallow the path , maybe flip a switch , and do n't die . Sure the single player mode is n't great , but it 's not bad either , all i 'm saying , is that the story could have used a little more work . Multiplayer is fast and exiting , with friends , foe 's , or people you do n't even know online . So if you have Xbox Live , GET THIS GAME ! If you do n't have Xbox live , get it anyway !
 This much anticipated XBox title is a blast to play in single player mode . When you add in on-line multiplayer , the fun is multiplied , and the replay quotent goes through the roof.Buy it for single player alone , but you 'll keep it for XBox Live !
 Halo 2 is 1 of the best games I ever played . Bungie added some nice features like dual wield , new vehicles , and new guns but there were some downsides . 1 of them is how short the game is , I beat it in 6 hours . Another downside is the arbiter missions , those just sucked . I do n't know why but Bungie took away the assault riffle from Halo 1 . The story from Halo 1 was better explained then Halo 2 . The best part about Halo 2 was probably the multiplayer part . Multiplayer is 1 of those things u can keep playing and playing and u do n't get bored . And it says on the back of the box and on some posters that the battle was coming to Earth yet only 2 levels were on Earth . Those 2 levels were probably the best levels in the game .
 Greetings . I was a video game junky when I was a kid . I had Atari , intellivision , Amiga , etc before anyone else had even heard of them . However , in my advanced dotage I have fallen a bit behind the curve . So this is not a review of a pimply faced teen who will exclaim that XBox if for 30 YO noobs because , well because I AM one.Anyway , on to the game . I have to admit that I am hard pressed to write a review of this game that would differ appreciably from the first iteration of Halo . Halo 2 simply extends the story and adds a few tweaks around the edges . But do n't take this as a criticism because it is n't . If you are like me it is worthwhile to throw down 40 or so bux for some more of the Halo storyline . For people who were expecting some revolution in game play all I can say is that it is the same hardware so home much different CAN it be . What you really hope for are some refinements ain the game play and a good plot and on both those fronts Halo 2 scores.I could go into the marginal improvements but they have been addressed in detail already . I think my favorite improvement is the locking-on feature of the energy sword . You just have to hold the reticule on an enemy and when it turns red you can strike and you 'll deliver a devastating blow . My second favorite incremental improvement is that they did not just duplicate the playing space over and over . In Halo it seemed like they just strung together bunches of the same rooms together in many places . Halo 2 really adds a lot of depth and imagery to the gamescape.Now , having said all that I 'd like to talk about Xbox live . This is where Halo 2 really is a quantum leap past Halo . If you are like me you thought many times that it would be cool to play against other players but the whole set-up seemed like too much of a bother . Well if you get the Xbox live kit -LRB- with the headset -RRB- you 'll be playing online in just minutes . All I did was plug the xbox into my broadband router via an RJ-45 cable , entered a few details , and it was multiplayer all the way . Once in multiplayer the game takes on a whole new dimension . All of a sudden you are playing with teammates against other teams and you can hear everybody ! -LRB- I swear the best part is often the inane comments people make -RRB- . I think I 'd need 10 pages to detail all the cool stuff about Xbox live.To recap : Game itself , marginally better than Halo.Online play , way better and practically like buying a whole new system for the price of a subscription -LRB- reasonable cost -RRB- .
 If you liked Halo , you 'll like this one . The developers took a different approach in the presentation . In the first Halo going from level to level seemed more seemless . . the story line unfolded in front of you instead of having cut scenes . . which is what the new Halo does . Not a bad thing . . just different . I do think the game was short . . it would n't have bothered me so badly if it had a more proper ending . I wo n't give anything away , but I think I vocally said `` That 's It ? '' after the last level ... which in no way felt like a final level . But it was fun while it lasted .
 I have read so many reviews with people saying that this game is way too short . Ok , fine . Maybe so . Short , but oh so exciting . Halo 2 is definitely more action packed than the first , and certainly worth the price of admission . The game breaker , without question or hesitation , is the experience to be had on Xbox Live . This is the single greatest online game , including any PC shooter , ever . Ever ! From match making , to clan support , game types ... everything . If you have questioned whether or not you should by Halo 2 , and you have or are getting Xbox Live , go out and get it done . You will be beyond thrilled that you did . Happy gaming .
 Let me just get the bad parts out of the way first . Yes , the game is too short again . On normal mode you can beat it within 10-15 hours so I recommend starting on Heroic for those of you who are familiar with Halo
 I loved the original Halo . It had everything I wanted in a game . Good graphics , excellent story , and lots of action.Halo 2 is essentially its predecessor , except better . I know that sounds unlikely , but the few things that I did n't like about the original game such as bad Marine AI and monotonous maps are gone in this version.For example , I was playing last night , and I was on the second level where you and a team of Marines are going through an African city killing everything . A Marine in front of me gets killed as soon as he rounds a corner . Instead of charging ahead , the rest of the squad hugs the wall . So , I swap my sniper rifle for Sarge 's auto rifle -LRB- another kickass feature , you can swap guns with marines -RRB- . Since the Marines are better shots , Sarge charges ahead and takes out the Covenant sniper . The marines and I then charge ahead and waste the covenant.Here is a summary of cons and pros about the game.PROS
 I just finished the full walkthrough for Halo 2 , as well as played a number of multiplayer games . I 'm finally ready with the review of this awesome game!First off , this is obviously the sequel to the hugely popular initial Halo game . You are Master Chief , a space marine who is sent out to battle the enemies . You are fighting the Covenant , who are your main foes , but you also run into the Flood , who are a space parasite that wants to eat all life . In addition , there are mechanical creatures on Halo who want to kill pretty much anything including the Flood . So each location and creature type has its own look , feel , attitudes and reactions.The graphics are simply gorgeous , from the rippling water to the clouds in the sky and reflections off of surfaces . I love taking screenshots of this game . The music is also extremely well done , in that the quality is always very high . But it 's a little bizarre to be going from new age lilting softness in one heated battle to high intensity rock music in another and so on . It does n't necessary track to the location you 're in , either . It 's just whatever the designers felt like putting in.The gameplay and plot is where this game really shines . Your characters that interact with you are simply BRILLIANT in how they each do what a real live creature would do . Grunts are my favorite - these little Covenant front-liners are brave and talkative when they 're in groups , but when you whittle them down they suddenly turn and flee , shrieking at the top of their lungs . Your teammates leap into vehicles with you , either driving or shooting depending on your preference . They 'll come alongside you to give you support , and duck for cover when appropriate.The quips the characters come out with mid-battle still make me laugh out loud . In one sequence you are the covenant Arbitor and are working your way through a room . You come across a pair of grunts and a jackal under attack , and take out the enemies . The grunt comes running to you in glee , shouting , `` Arbitor ! My savior ! '' Then he pauses and adds , `` Jackal , say thank you to the Arbitor ! '' : -RRB- The cut scenes are equally as brilliant and are truly movie quality in the interactions . The timing , dialogue , everything is great . The little touches are everywhere . In one sequence , the Sergeant is preparing his troops to get ejected in pods down to the surface of Halo . He walks past the Master Chief 's pod and thumps twice on it , as if to say `` All OK in there , ready to go ? '' Right on beat , you see Master Chief inside his pod , thumping once back in response . You really forget that these are just computer generated characters.Multiplayer is the stellar addition to this release and there are reasons to be thrilled . You can play on a large variety of maps , in a number of styles , and there is even going to be downloadable content in the future.That all being said , there are of course a few non-stellar aspects to this release . First , the ending SUCKS . The first one was bad enough with its `` Oh I bet there is another Halo out there '' so you do n't even feel like you really saved the world . In this one , not only is it not a `` you 're done but it 's not over '' ending - it 's pretty much cut off mid-battle ! That is INCREDIBLY frustrating for a gameplayer . Obviously they want you to buy Halo 3 , but that 's going to be a year or two away . Ca n't we have some satisfaction in the meantime?Next , the game is really short , even on normal mode . We had a friend start the game up Sunday morning at about 12:30 and he was done with the entire game by around 8 . You can have fun replaying it on the harder levels , but that 's a rather quick game.Finally , the multiplayer , while brilliant in concept , is lacking in implementation right now . There are two general ways to play - either you set up a game yourself for friends ONLY , or you launch into the ether to play a quick match . If you get up your own game you can control all the settings , but you can only invites people on your friends list . That limits the chances of having a full game unless you are VERY proactive in seeking friends . The quick match game only lets you make a few choices , and then in essence you are auto-connected with other people who are also actively seeking those game types . You ca n't browse or look . You just say `` I want to play X type of game '' and then you wait - literally for 5 minutes or more sometimes - as the servers gather together other people who are also actively seeking that game type . Then the game auto launches without you even knowing who is on your team or if you want to play with them . It 's very frustrating to people who are used to the more customizeable lobby situations.Still , the online experience can always be tweaked going forward , and the base gameplay is amazingly good . I highly recommend the game to anyone who enjoys shooting / strategy games - but you might want to rent it for a week first , to see if what it offers to you after that point is going to keep you playing .
 Halo 2 has good gaphics , good game play , and a good story . This game is a great sequel to the first . It has great multiplayer split screen game play.You get to be spartan and the Elite alien , you get to play both sides of the Halo 2 story ! The thing that I do n't like about Halo 2 is that the Flood returns . I hated fighting the flood in the first Halo , and was n't expecting to fight them again in Halo 2 . The main theme of Halo 2 was that you were going to have to protect earth from the aliens , you did do that , but I was expecting to fight them on earth the intire game , but you do n't , you fight on earth for 2 levels and then you do n't come back untill the end of the game.This game still is a great game despite the few flaws . When you beat the game , split screen is still a very fun part of the game if you have a friend to play with -LRB- its acually my favorite part of the game -RRB- . This is a great game so go play it !
 GREAT GAME.GRAPHICS
 Now , as most of you know ` Halo 2 ' is A first Person Shooter game , that has had the worlds attention ever since the Original ` Halo ' came out more then 2 years ago . It 's about a Genetically , and Physically Engineered soldier known as a ` Spartan ' . he 's the only one left and was the one known for destroying the ` Halo ' a Ring-like Planet that was created by the ` Covenant ' a evil race that wants to destroy the Earth . in the sequel , we find out that the covenant is now after him , and the earth once again . now with a few improvments , a new Duel Wield Ability , To hold two weapons at the same time , and a new ` Boarding ' ability which lets you steal a viechle from someone as they are using it , by killing them with a grenade or kicking them out of the viechle . also , new settings , for instance , customizing your Character as either a ` Spartan ' or ` Covenant elite ' . although this is only for Multiplayer and the new Online Mode , it 's still fun to experiment . the only thing i really dislike about the game , is the Radar horrible , it does n't work sometimes , and leaves you dead , also the weapons system is a little difficult to switch weapons properly without picking up something you do n't want , or to get more ammo without losing your weapon . another final thing , the soundtrack is amazing , but for those who were looking for a really really good score , then sorry , they used `` Hoobastank '' `` breaking Benjamin '' and `` Maroon 5 '' as inspiration , so it 's more rock , and less truly good music.other then those kinks , it 's a perfect game , but i 'd rush , because there may not be many left soon , believe it or not .
 There are many things I can say about this game , but having also played the first game and read the firts two books like most of have . I have grown to understand how the story is connected with the books and the game.Needless to say if you havent read the books I suggest you do so because you wont have a clue as to whats going on . Even if you pay attention to the details given in the game it will leave many unanswered questions for you.Now onto the game . I loved the first game and this is no different . Well with the added new features such as duel wielding , faster shield recharge , new enemies , weapons , missions , locations and the included XBOX LIVE MUTLIPLAYER . Which everyone has heard about.I couldnt take part in that however becuase of lack of xbox live but the single-player , coopertive campaigns , and two-four multiplayer it kept me busy for a long time . Which shows that you can take the single or multiplayer path or both for that matter.Which proves how good this game is .
 Okay , yes , it was over-hyped . Well , that 's our commercial culture for you . Expectations are regularly juiced beyond all sanity . When the smoke clears and the dust settles , people will remember that Halo 2 was a thoroughly deserving successor to Halo but left room for improvement in Halo 3 -LRB- oh yes , there will be a Halo 3 . Or at least , there better be , after that ending ! -RRB- . The Good
 Halo2 is a worthy sequel to Halo . I was not disappointed . -LRB- At least not until the end when I realized I would have to wait for a Halo 3 ! I am disappointed that I have to buy Xbox 360 just to play Halo3 - but that 's another review ! -RRB- I was a little disconcerted by the dual role play -LRB- as the Arbiter , as well as Master Chief -RRB- at first , but it grew on me . I love the dual wielding but miss the assault rifle . I like that one may commandeer a vehicle including Covenant vehicles .
 everyone knows this game by now . if u liked the first one for the single player game , u might hate this one . if ur looken for multi player awsomenes , than this is the one for u.
 Halo 2 on its own is a solid production . It has strong fluid motions , easy controls , strong graphics , overall an excellent game . The downfall came when playing live . With the right group ... great fun . When one joins with random other people it was absolutely the worst experience I 've had . I am not a shoot everything that moves player . I use tactics . I do n't like playing games with people that are or at least act like they are 8 years old . The majority of people playing this game -LRB- that is all it is -RRB- are immature , disrespectful children that need to understand there is more to life than what another thinks about a game -LRB- still nothing other than -RRB- . For those individuals griping about the difference between halo 2 , half life 2 , whatever , get a job , buy a big wheel and hit the road . For those that can respect the game for what it is ... cool . When comparing with other games or platforms ... so what ? There are lots of great games out there . So , rather than wasting time writing hate mail you should spend that same time enjoying some pretty cool games .
 This is a great game . The music is amazing and awsome and brings the game to life . The sound effects and talking is crisp and vey good as well . The cinematics are brilliant . They are drawn extremly well , the sound is great , they are very interesting , and they are often very humourous . In game the marines and grunts often say hilarious things like your characters would at points in the videogame version of King Arthur , also a very good game . Now for the best part
 This is the best game ever !!!! I really recommend buying it.The multiplayer ROCKS!So does the single player.I like it much more than the first one BUY IT TODAY !!!
 Hello everyone . For a start I 'm going to say that Halo 2 is an excellent game , but not as good as the original.Now ... a reviewer named ethel j roberts does n't know what the HECK she 's talking about . Gee whiz , ethel , you say Halo 2 did n't work in your pentium hard-drive ? There is a REASON that it says `` only for Xbox '' on the top of the case ! You ca n't put an Xbox game in a god ** mn PC . You put Xbox games in an Xbox . What you did would be like me putting an Atari game into the playstation . It . Just . Does n't . Work . Before you randomly buy a game for your niece , why do n't you get some basic terminology instead of assuming `` wow , I 'm such a moron that I think EVERY game will work on PC ! `` Second ... ethel said that Microsoft was un-Christian when they made this game . Just because someone is n't Christian does n't mean they 're terrible people , ethel . Besides , Microsoft did n't make this game , Bungie Studios did . That happens to be another instance in which you have no clue what you are trying to say.So ... ladies and gentlemen who read this review , please learn from idiotic ethel 's mistake and do not put an xbox game into your freaking computer . Put it into the xbox . Little did ethel know to actually take the blindfold off and look at Halo 2 's box to see that it says in bright green letters `` ONLY FOR XBOX . '' As if that was n't enough warning.You see , if ethel were a bigger idiot , the world would be in serious trouble.Now onto the actual halo 2 bit
 Halo 2You again play as the Master Chief fighting the Covenant . The graphics has significantly improved since its predecessor . The soldiers , weapons , vehicles and objects are much more detailed . Also , you can dual-wield weapons ! You also can play as the Covenant at a certain part of the game . In addition to these improvements , there is online play ! You now can choose whatever color and character you want to be . If you 're an fps fan , you must buy this game .10 / 10
 For the first few years in the xbox 's life , I was the most anti-xbox person among my friends . That all changed the summer of '04 when I played Halo for the first time . It was a blast , and gave me that rush that only a few games have.So here we are with the sequel to the game that made an xbox worth owning in the first place . Halo 2 is n't a great game ; it 's an excellent game . With perhaps the most perfect fps controls ever , killer graphics and replayability that shoots through the roof , Halo 2 is the new killer app.First of all , if you played Halo , do yourself a favor and play this game on at LEAST the normal difficulty . To get the full experience out of this game I would really recommend playing through on Legendary . Trust me on this . When you finish the game you will release the biggest sigh of relief since beating Ninja Gaiden . ** SPOILER ALERT ** Many people knock the single player game , and this is MOSTLY -LRB- not always -RRB- for two reasons :1 -RRB- For part of the game you play as a covenant elite , and2 -RRB- The ending is one hell of a cliffhanger , I guarantee it will illicit a `` WTF !? '' from nearly everyone . ** END OF SPOILERS ** I personally do n't mind those two aspects of the game . Once some people get past that , it 's hard to deny that the single player game is fun . With the addition of dual weilding , boarding , more interactive enviroments and an increase in the number of enemies you 'll face , Halo 2 's single player game is a beast on its own . The lush graphics and rich colors will leave you in awe , and if you pair it with a 5.1 surround sound system , you 're in for a real treat . There are a few minor problems with the game , such as glitches in a couple of cut scenes , but the end product easily overshadows this . But the fun does n't end there ... For those with xbox live -LRB- or with friends , for that matter -RRB- , multiplayer will give you hours upon hours of fun . I personally prefer 8-16 player team system link games , but xbox live is fun , too . There are so many game variants , and I do n't think I 've played all of them yet . And with the addition of 9 new maps available to everyone sometime in June , the life of this game just got a shot in the arm . With the single player , this makes Halo 2 the new killer app for xbox , and will probably remain the most popular until we see xbox 360 later this year .
 I wo n't tiptoe around the issue . This game is good . This game is very good . Is it something that 's going to force me into changing religions , asking my fiancee to paint herself Cortana purple , or naming my firstborn children `` Master '' and `` Chief '' ? Uh , no . And because it 's not the life-shaping experience a lot of people were looking for , it 's naturally going to be called a slight disappointment . Which is a shame , because ... like I said , this is an outstanding game.If you did n't like the way the first Halo played , you wo n't like the direction the sequel 's gone , either . It 's a natural progression from its predecessor , familiar enough to enable returning players to launch themselves right into the melee without missing more than a beat or two , but giving enough to appeal to gamers who did n't get a chance to try out the original . Throughout the first level , instructions and button assignments flash onto the screen from time to time if it looks like you 're lost or out of sorts , and you 're almost immediately given a chance to test out the new `` dual wielding '' weapon configuration , one of the game 's biggest selling points . The longer you play , the more you 'll start to understand which firearm combinations produce the best results and which are all but useless.Unlike the original , where most of your adventures were one-man assaults against insurmountable odds , a good portion of Halo 2 's action takes place alongside friendly troops who surprised me by actually serving a purpose beyond `` human shield . '' These guys honestly know how to fight with the enemy and steer the game 's various vehicles without abandoning you in a firefight , and while they still are n't quite on the same level as the Master Chief , it 's nice to have a little intelligence by your side all the same . They 'll tug at your conscience , screaming for help when they realize they 're alone and outnumbered , boost your morale by immediately recognizing you and treating you as a celebrity , and lighten the mood by telling an off-color joke or two.One thing that especially caught me off-guard with this release was the story of the single-player `` campaign '' mode , and the great strides it had taken from its forefather . I remember reading somewhere during the game 's development that Bungie was taking every measure possible to ensure that this `` top secret '' story would n't be leaked to the public ... and truthfully I scoffed , recalling the passable at best storytelling of the original . I liked a lot of things about the first part of this story , -LRB- I thought the Halo ring itself was an outstanding idea , as was the revelation that it was , in actuality , an enormous weapon -RRB- but a vast majority of it was fightin ' for fightin 's sake with no real motivations tossed your way beyond `` Hey , those freaky alien guys are shooting at you . Go get 'em . '' In the sequel , not only has the storytelling been vastly improved , but the backstory has been fleshed out beyond anything I ever could 've expected . While the first Halo embraced a sort of black or white , us vs. them theme of good and evil , the second moves dramatically into a world populated with shades of grey , of uncertainty and of realism.The subjects that this game covers from start to finish are staggering ; the frequency of political corruption , the basis and fallibility of religion , the necessity and motivations of war , the existence of sentient life elsewhere in the universe ... it seems like the writers were almost inviting a lot of heavy-handed , boring , long-winded monologues , but really the story 's pace is quite manageable and no event seems out of place or forced . The characters deal with the situations as they present themselves , adjust their position as new facts come to light and begin to question their own motivations and beliefs when something staggeringly important goes down . Basically , Halo 2 is on par with a really , really good action / adventure / sci-fi movie . The big explosions and fight scenes happen at just the right moments , the weighty conversations do n't take the player out of the story , and the cutscenes only serve to motivate you in the hours of gameplay that immediately follow . To overuse a cliched phrase , Halo 2 's story blew me away . My only major complaint was the brutal cliffhanger the game chose to end on , which leaves players without the slightest sense of accomplishment and feeling a bit ripped off . It was so strangely placed , caught me so off guard that I was still clutching my controller , waiting for the cutscene to end and the action to resume , when the credits began to roll.The visual aspect of this game is a great triumph for the most part , really emphasizing the Xbox 's strengths as a graphical powerhouse and delivering a product that would be technically impossible on the PS2 . The creatively dynamic lighting is n't quite as impressive as it was in Splinter Cell , but the way that lighting affects the various textures in and around the field of battle more than make up for it . The Master Chief , all of his comrades , Cortana , the commanders , they all look worlds better than in the first Halo , even in its visually-tightened PC incarnation , and the dramatic improvements that have been made in the environments , objects and surrounding textures raise the bar even further . Warthogs and Ghosts are no longer impervious to gunfire , and slowly begin to show the signs of continued use before bursting into flames or sparks of electricity.My sole qualm with the graphics department is the decision that was made to live-render every single cutscene , from start to finish . I understand the motivations behind this decision , to deliver the knockout blow that would settle any questions about the Box 's visual superiority once and for all , but the end result is more like a weak jab to the solar plexus . The Xbox has notable difficulty with these scenes at times , especially at their very beginnings , as textures will drop out entirely for a few moments before blinking back on again.I never had a problem with the audio in the first title , and actually considered it to be among the best at the time of its release , but the sequel managed to find areas for improvement even in that department . While Dolby Digital surround sound was available in the original , it pales in comparison to the completely immersive audio experience of its sequel . You can still hear which direction a rocket 's coming from with your back turned , for all the good it 'll do , but you can also pinpoint the location of a sniper based on the noise his scope makes and the crunches of his feet against the rocky terrain . The voice acting has been taken to the next level , even including a few celebrity guest-appearances , and the influx of talent seems to have inspired everyone from the culture-manipulating prophets to the meaningless grunts who seem to serve no purpose beyond dying a grisly death . I 've really only experienced one game with voice acting that even came close to what you get with Halo 2 ... and that was in my favorite title of all time , the original Metal Gear Solid . And , keeping that comparison in mind , the symphonic score of the new Halo wipes the floor with that of MGS . The composition , effectively pairing a full orchestra with a hard rock / metal lead guitar , seems awkward in print but is a baffling success in context . It retains the credibility and drama of an epic war drama , while also introducing the futuristic , almost mechanical setting of the game itself , not to mention its target market . I 've never even contemplated purchasing the full score to a video game in CD format , but Halo 2 changed my way of thinking.And , finally , there 's the multiplayer mode -LRB- s -RRB- , the real deal-breaker for many players , myself included . If it 's any indication as to the game 's addictive online quality , I have n't had a chance to finish a review in months thanks to the amount of time I 've spent playing this thing over the internet . Easily one of the greatest strengths of the first game was its unbelievable multiplayer modes , and their uncanny ability to bring people together for hours and hours at a time , huddled around the same TV with the common goal of unloading on one another . Surprisingly , the sense of community that made the original so special has been effectively transferred to the online mode of its sequel , thanks to the use of Xbox Live 's headsets , an easy , effective clan-building utility , an unheralded level-based matchmaking system and the understatedly simple means of inviting friends to join you in-game . In my review of the original Halo , I claimed it was `` worth buying an Xbox over , '' and it remains to this day one of the two highest-rated games I 've ever scored ... it , along with Goldeneye on the N64 , scored a near-perfect 9.8 . If the first was worth buying an Xbox all by its lonesome , its successor is worth buying both an Xbox and a subscription to Xbox Live over . It 's improved upon nearly every single area I had issues with in the original , it 's taken the existing storyline and expanded upon it to undeniable success and it 's delivered one of the deepest , most life-altering online multiplayer modes I 've ever seen . Halo 2 is the sequel all games should strive to deliver , retaining the best aspects of its predecessor while giving fans a whole new set of possibilities to master in the wait for the next chapter . The only things holding this back from a perfect score are the abrupt ending and a few rough patches in the graphical terrain . As is , this is still the best game I 've reviewed to date . If you own an Xbox and have n't picked it up yet , you must be punishing yourself for something .
 If you want to send me messages contact me at Wilshire12@yahoo.com and please dont waiste my time on meaningless arguements.All of you little kids who say this game is worse than the first , should stop playing big boy games , and go back to playing the sims . I find that this game deserves more credit than it is already getting , first o all the graphics are some of the best i have ever seen ... . and ive seen alot . Second the gameplay is even better , you can duel wield to make the best combos , such as the plasma rifle and smg -LRB- use the plasma rifle to take down the sheilds of elites and jackals , then use the smg to pepper the enemy up . And finnaly the storyline is so well thought of it can beat any other . Thats all i have to say.And all of you 9 year olds who say you beat in 1 hour or 2-4 are bad liars , Simply running through the level as fast as you can , not killing the enemys or payining attention to the cinematics it takes around 8 hours and 45 minutes . so stop lieing little kids who have no life : -RRB-
 Overall , I thought i was an ok game . I have n't finished it , but buying halo 3 first really kind of makes this game less fun . overall I 'd describe it as a fun game to play on a rainy day . But amazon was great about shipping and I got it a couple of days early . So yea ... nice game , great shipping .
 Halo 2 is the sequal to the all known and loved Halo combat evolved.This sequal has new weapons , new abiliteis , and some new enemies to kill.You play as master chief to try to defend the human race angainst the covanent armies including the flood.When i first played this game i enjoyed the grafics for an older xbox game the ability to dual wield 2 weapons and the controsls were great for a classic fps game.something that i did not enjoy was that you play as the arbiter in a lot of levels and fells like your playing as the covenant killing more covanent . The story was great and also had a cool ending . i would definatly recomend buying this game8/10
 My husband loves it ! He is a halo fanatic and plays them all the time !
 Bought this for my grandson and he loves this game . One of hisfavorites .
 Ordered this game for my 14 year old son.It arrived within 3 days of the order.It was in great condition and we would order from this seller again without hesitation .
 Item arrived within a couple days of ordering . Item was in condition promised . Great seller . Thanks !
 Even though it should n't have to be said , this game is really good . Really good . If you ever played the first Halo , `` Halo
 This game was everything I hoped it would be . The campaign mode was very enjoyable to play all the way through . The story line was an interesting continuation of the first Halo game . I really liked the plot and how I got to play two different characters that opposed each other in the first halo and eventually cross paths . It was a very fun game to play . The multiplayer online and offline game play is also always fun . Good stuff .
 Halo 2 is probably the best in the series . Many may argue that Halo 3 's many new maps , high definition graphics , and new vehicles weapons and modes make it the best , I rest with Halo 2 . First of all , the campaign is much better than Halo and slightly better than that of Halo 3 . The game also is at a perfect sci-fi state without being too ridiculous . Halo 3 gets a little out of hand and ends up being just too ambiguous.Once past the Halo 2 ending -LRB- which leaves you really curious and a great hook for Halo 3 -RRB- you would naturally move on to Multiplayer.The multiplayer of Halo 2 is , to say the least , fantastic . There are always people online looking for games to play and you can customize the games in so many different ways to your liking.It gets a little hectic at times but is built so that skill is really all that matters , perfect for a great FPS
 if you do n't have xbox live , it is still a great game ... . but xbox live is the best way to play .
 I really enjoy playing this . I really only purchased this game for the campaign mode so I could see what mainly happened between Combat Evolved and Halo 3 . Halo 2 was a major step forward for the franchise , and perhaps one of the best .
 This is the top selling Xbox game of all time for a reason . I just bought it again today , for the third time -LRB- it 's been stolen twice , once by a `` friend '' and once by movers -RRB- . I 've beaten it on every difficulty level , but I still come back to it every few months to play through the campaign again . Ca n't recommend this one highly enough .
 Call me late to the party but I 've barely started to seriously play the Halo series this year . That 's right , this year ... ten years after the original 's release.Why such a late start you ask . Well , I was never impressed with the amount of hype the Halo series seemed to garner especially since it seemed Bungie ripped off every FPS convention that was the de facto standard on the PC , slap it on to a console FPS -LRB- some of which the Dreamcast could claimed to have been there and done that -RRB- and have it acclaimed as revolutionary . All gripes aside though , I started with ODST , moved to Reach and just beat CE
 This game still sets the standards for all games . Coop in legendary is the hardest of any game I have ever played . I play coop with my son and it has been a great experience -LRB- nothing bonds a father and son like killing aliens together -RRB- .
 Halo 2 is the epic sequel to Halo CE , the game that practically put xbox on the market.Halo 2 continues the story of the master chief , a lone spartan who is fighting a raging war against both covenant forces , an intelligent species of aliens , Flood , who are zombie like creatures bent on eating and destroying everything in the universe , and the oracle.First off , Halo 2 does a great job of continuing the story . The creators of this game added new features and species to fight , and those are some of the key elements that make this game great . Some new additions that we see in Halo 2 , are the addition to be able to duel wield weapons , as well as some new weapons in itself . The energy sword that elites had given us a hard time with before , are now playable . Although Halo 2 does to a great job of adding new weapons to its deadly arsenal , we do loose out on a fan favorite , in the assault rifle.Some of the new enemies that I mentioned earlier are the Brutes and Drones . The brutes are ape like creatures which will brutally fight you and your marine comrades , by either spraying you with rounds from their various weapons , or dropping their weapons all together and charging you . Drones are another covenant species that you will encounter during gameplay . These are winged soldiers that will typically fight in swarms , and can easily over whelm you . We also see some new implications for the jackal.While the story of Halo CE focused on the Master chief , Halo 2 now gives us some more of the story . It fills in some gaps that Halo left empty , and we learn about covenant heritage and culture . With that being said , a new character is now playable and that character 's name is the Arbiter . I wont spoil too much , ill just say that hes an elite.Overall , the story of Halo 2 will keep you entertained and will take some twists and turns that you might not have seen comning.Pros : - Get more of the story - Decent length game , with tons of replay value - MultiplayerCons : - Shifts focus away from the mastercheif which some people may not like - not terribly challengingImpressive game !
 Halo has cemented itself in the forefront of one of the best first person shooter series of all time . Great graphics and arguably the best analog controls in any first person shooter . Honestly I liked Halo 2 better than the original Halo and I am not sure why but I just enjoyed it more . This is a game you can pick up and play keep playing . The multiplayer in Halo 2 has added to the formula either offline or online . Granted I do not have Xbox Live a friend of mine does and thats how I got to experience the online part . I really like how people complain about the length of modern video games . Do you people not remember old atari and nes games ? Some of them could be easily beaten in a half hour ! Granted with modern technology people expect more and I clearly better than anyone understand that . Lets put it this way if you have a shorter game your more apt to replay it again . If you have a 50 hour game are you really going to go back to it ? I dunno maybe its just my preference but I enjoy a shorter game thats between 5 to 12 hours.Graphics - By Xbox standards this is a masterpiece and really raised the bar for what first person shooters can look like on a home console for its generation.Gameplay - Its pretty simple if you enjoyed Halo Combat Evolved you are going to enjoy this one with great controls that set the bar for what a console game can do.Replayability - Is all how much you love this game and I know most will like it and others will think its just hype . If you have XBOX Live chances are you are going to love it.Pros - Great graphics , exceptional use of analog thumbsticks , pretty interesting story for a game , multiplayer is fun with friends and is also fun online and the newest addition in this game THE SWORD ! Cons - That I did not buy this game sooner
 This is a good game and it is worth the money , but it is not as good as many make it out to be .
 Halo 2One of the greatest selling games of all time and the best selling X-Box game is Halo 2 . If you have not heard of this game yet , you need to come out from under that rock . Almost everyone loved theoriginal game . The sequel had a huge name to live up to , and I feel they did an amazing job on Halo 2 . The Multi-Player gameplay will have you playing for an extremely long time . Single player features a unique , deep story to play through . Halo 2 takes everything that was good in the original Halo and improved on it.Graphics - 9/10The graphics are probably the best that the X-Box could handle . Reflections , lighting , and glare all have been extremely improved upon in this game . Master Chief has breath-taking reflections on his armor and visor . The guns all also have a nice shine to them.All animations and characters are well done . A new race , named the Brutes , has been created , and brings a nice sense of freshness to battles . The Brutes can battle with guns like everything else , but can also charge at you . Nice animation is done on their part . Elite , Humans , and Flood characters are equally well designed.Level design is a little bit of a let down . The previous Halo had a problem with having repetitive levels . Halo 2 continues this trend to a lesser degree . While some levels are constantly unique , some still have repeating areas . This can cause you to be turned around and lost easy . Luckily , this is not as much of a problem as in the first game.I only have two other problems . The Energy Sword you can wield should have made areas like up more . The glows a bright blue , but never illuminates the ground or surroundings . My second problem is the way the graphics work . As you get closer to something , details you see will increase . This sounds nice , but you will notice many weird graphical sequences where the graphics shift from ugly to beautiful to ugly again . Sometimes the graphics will not change at all and you will be left with a very ugly view.Story - 9/10The story for the original Halo was amazing . This game is much deeper , and has a more intricate storyline . Some people will enjoy this ; others will shun the complicated ideas in this game . I loved the storyline and its ideals based on Natural Selection , Racial Wars , and Mankind as a whole.This game is broken into two parts . In one , you play as Master Chief . Chief has just learned that Earth is being attacked the Covenant , the same alien scum you took on in the first game . Your mission is to stop the covenant . Soon you learn of another Halo that could potentially be used by the Covenant , based on some outrageous religious-like claims . I like how Covenant follows whatever their prophets tell them without question . It really should let people look at themselves and maybe make decisions on their own and not just based on what a `` higher knowledge '' tells them.In the second portion of the game , you play as The Arbiter . He is of the Elite race of the Covenant . He is being held responsible for the destruction of the original Halo and has been sentenced to death . The Prophets have a better idea for him though . He will work for them in tracking down heretics and stopping `` the demon , '' who happens to be Master Chief . I actually enjoyed this side of the story better . The Arbiter works off his debt , but slowly learns the truth about Halo . There is also a ton of tension between the Elite and Brute races , which both work under the Covenant . This leads to the Elite 's being undermined and often pushed to the side for the superior Brute Class . This reveals a lot about our own society in how we push away those who we feel are weaker.Master Chief and Arbiter will meet eventually in the story . To me , not many people will understand the depth of the story . If you can though , there is a lot to get . I hope reading this review will help you understand it a bit better . People may also have a problem with the ending , or lack thereof.Sound - 10/10Halo has always been known for its phenomenal sound production . The music , or absence of music , has been a strong point in the series . Whenever you are traveling a large area with not much going on , music will usually not exist . Traveling a small area with an enormous conflict will feature a thunderous musical score that you will love . No matter what though , the score will not distract you from the gameplay.Voice Over is also great . Every main character in the game has a unique voice . Chief and Arbiter bring depth to the story with their voices . Grunts and Human Soldiers often bring a humor in their voice.Weapon and Vehicle sounds are all perfect . Usually the addition of weapons will lead to some having similar sounds ; this game does not though . Each vehicle also sounds exceptionally well.Gameplay - 10/10Many people say that the Halo series never really brought anything new to the table . I completely agree with them . This series did take everything that was good in other games and placed it in this one , thus creating one of the best first person shooters on the market today . Halo 2 expands on the idea of the first Halo with more weapons , better levels , more vehicles , and more customization.In single player , you will play as both Master Chief and the Arbiter . You usually play a chapter of the game then switch to the other . Master Chief plays like a normal character . You usually find yourself shooting through walls of smart enemies . Arbiter is different though . You usually begin with an Energy Sword , and you can turn invisible for a certain amount of time . This allows you to become a stealth-like character at times . If you do not like being stealthy though , you can always pick up a gun and begin killing everything . If you find yourself in trouble , you can quickly turn invisible and escape the battle.Enemies range from Elites , Brutes , Flood , Human Characters , and more . It just depends on how far along you are and whom you are playing as at the moment . The Flood will run at you like maniacs and try to overwhelm you . Elite and Humans characters hide behind objects and try to stay smart . Brutes are very hard to kill and can go bezerk , charging at you to hurt you . There are other ranks of enemies such as Flood mixtures and a giant Covenant monster , whose name eludes me right now . They all have their weaknesses and strengths . Therefore , the game stays fresh the entire play.Halo 2 also features some new vehicles . Favorites like the Scorpion Tank , Warthog , and Ghost all return . New vehicles include the Wrath , Spectre , and a new version of the Warthog . The Wrath is a Covenant Tank that you saw a lot in the original game but never could ride in . This time you can . They sport an angled weapon that shoots blue plasma . The Spectre is the Covenant version Warthog . It shoots plasma from its turret . The new version of the Warthog shoots mortars instead of machine gun ammo . Did I mention that you could jack all of these vehicles?Multi - Player has always been this games biggest aspect . If you have three or more friends available to you , this game will last you a long time . You can connect X-Boxes and have some epic battles . Levels like Beaver Creek and Coagulation are remakes of some of the first game 's best levels . Lockout and Zanzibar are just two of the awesome new levels to play on in the game . I suggest buying theMultiplayer Map Packfor even more great levels.This game allows you to edit your Multi-Player characters in detail . You choose between Master Chief and the Arbiter . You can apply multiple different colors to your characters . You can change your looking speed and controls . You can even create your own unique logo.Difficulty - 10/10 -LRB- Note - This is how much I like the difficulty -RRB- There are four different difficulty levels to choose from . Easy allows you to plow through enemy after enemy with little difficulty . Normal is good for those on their first try . Hard will have you dying a lot and feeling satisfied with yourself . Legendary mode will have you slamming your television into the wall out of anger . Maybe you are good enough for that to be necessary though . If that is not enough then you can Log ontoXbox Liveand be killed by the masters of this game.Overall - 10/10This is one of my favorite games . I personally prefer the Single Payer in the first Halo , but I enjoy the Multi-player in this game far more . Still , this game has a very solid Single player experience . The graphics are nice , despite having some repetitive levels here and there . If you own an X-Box , you need to own this game . This game also is compatible withXbox 360 Console .
 I was a very hardcore Halo 1 player and hated this game initially . The engine seems slower , the interface more crowded , and the absence of the pistol as a starting weapon made me really not enjoy playing this game because it cut out simple first person shooter standards such as aiming and quick reflexes that normally separate great players from good players.This game has significantly more auto-aim than Halo 1 , making it more accessible to mainstream gamers . It also has an SMG weapon spawn -LRB- a weapon like Halo 1 's assault rifle -RRB- , meaning that if an opponent has a sniper , you 're dead because your gun does n't have the range to reach him . This game is great fun if you are playing against other mainstream gamers , but when playing on Xboxlive , you will eventually get paired against players who abuse power weapons and camp with them due to the matchmaking playlist . This makes for a very poor experience at higher levels.Luckily , you can create custom games with your friends . It is probably the most enjoyable Xbox Live game out there right now , but I prefer Halo 1 's balance more . Halo 2 encourages `` cheap '' tactics like camping -LRB- because of the presence of radar -RRB- and abuse of power weapons , but once you get over these differences , its not a bad multiplayer game.Oh , and the single player was kinda a let-down too ... but most buy it for the multiplayer experience . If you do n't have Live , you are n't going to have much fun with it after beating the campaign.Just take everything you thought you knew about the Halo series and throw it out the window before you try this out . Then you wo n't feel let-down and you 'll be left with a better than average shooter .
 halo 2 is a heck of a lot better then halo dont get me wrong halo 1 still is a good game but halo 2 is better then halo 1 by along shot i went to the gamerush in foothill it was only 30 bucks i was surprised i was thinking it would be 50 bucks and it worked and the new guns and alien weapons are great so get halo 2 its better and harder
 This game to me is f*cking awsome . and i love it . but after playing it alot it just gets real old and boring . I havnt played this game for about 3 weeks now . But it still is one of my favs .
 u ca n't get a better video game than halo 2 . i bought the damn xbox just for the halo action !
 Graphics
 Well , first off , its the sequel to Halo people . That means it is almost certain to be a good game . This game has great controls , great graphics and just about great everhing . Do n't even get me started on xbox live , which is amazing and a lot of fun -LRB- you will find your self waking up in the middle of the night or just staying up all night to play this game online -RRB- . However , with every game there is atleast one bad thing . In this game it is the story line . You will want to cry when you get to the end and realize that you just sit through one of the bigest clifhangers in games these days . Unfortunatly us gamers will jsut have to wait untill 2008 to get Halo 3 . Overall this is a great game . Get it !
 I only have a few problems with this game :1 -RRB- How does Master Chief jump 10 feet in the air ? : P2 -RRB- Takes a few seconds to load textures -LRB- Not a huge problem , but come on . -RRB- 3 -RRB- The mute on XBoxLive does n't work -LRB- I do n't know if this is a problem with XboxLive or the game . -RRB- 4 -RRB- The multi player on XBL can get repetative , but as long as you have friends that play it daily it 's fine .
 Do n't get me wrong , Halo 2 is a great game but there were a few things which did n't quite live up to the hype . First , the single player looks a little thrown together . Also they tried to make the covenant seem more lifelike by making them speak english , instead of what they were saying in the first game . One more thing I wanted to bring out was about the ending which most people think stunk . All Bungie was doing was setting Halo 3 up . I have no doubts that this game was made for multiplayer which is most of the reason I gave it 4 stars . The multiplayer was almost completely redone . Most of the maps are new but a few return such as Blood Gulch -LRB- Coagulation -RRB- and Battle Creek -LRB- Beaver Creek -RRB- . And another thing that improved multiplayer are the things that you can choose to be on the map such as vehicles , starting weapons , and weapons on the map . There is also a better variety of weapons on the map . The only thing I really miss from this game is the pistol . Well , the pistol returns but it is a different , less powerful version which is in most cases useless by itself . All in all this was a good multiplayer game but I would still go Halo 1 for single player .
 ignore everybody who says halo 2 did not live up to the hype . because most of the `` hype '' were insane rumors . but i must admit , i did find some things lacking that made halo so awsome .1 . explosive weapons do n't make as big an explosion as halo 1 -LRB- rocket launcher , grenade , tank -RRB- 2 . vehicles do n't have that swingy effect -LRB- this could be a good or bad thing -RRB- other than that the game rocks . and by the way , you can enter vehicles with the flag , you just have to turn the option on . the game certainly was an improvement . the multipalyer maps are all different -LRB- no more blood gulch clones -RRB- blood gulch comes back as coagulation , and battle creek comes back as beaver creek . the profile custumization is amazing . its better than some rpgs ! some other problems are that the fuel rod gun and setinel beam suck . but thats it.but if you would rather listen to those negative people instead of some reasonable advise , just remember
 ... took me two days to finish . Wait , wait wait . TWO DAYS ?! FIFTY DOLLARS = TWO DAYS ?! THIS IS BECOMING A CLICHE , PEOPLE ! WHEN VIDEO GAMES ARE 50 BUCKS A POP , THEY SHOULD AT LEAST SWALLOW A WEEK OF MY LIFE !!!!!!! That being said , Halo 2 is a game that does not live up to all the hype . That 's not to say it is n't good . It 's definitely a masterpiece in the library of Xbox titles , but it is n't as good as I thought it would be . I was EXTREMELY disappointed with the multiplayer . Why , you ask ? Not because it sucked . Because I could n't experience it . I 'm not blessed with Xbox live or high speed internet , for that matter . And Bungie has no mercy for people without Xbox live . 1 . -RRB- There are no bots in multiplayer . There was no previous promise of this , but I had dearly hoped that there would be AI to fight against this time , so I did n't have to find where the stationary Player 2 was and put a couple new holes in him just to keep myself entertained . 2 . -RRB- The single player mode ... for the love of God ... the single player mode ... SO ... SHORT !!!!! The single player is chock full of action , and you actually get to play as a Covenant -LRB- which is easily the coolest part of the game , and dwarfs any experience you could 've ever had while playing as the Master Chief -RRB- . However , the single player campaign is too short . If you know what you 're doing when you pick up the control pad , you 'll be finished in a couple days . And that 's if you play 2-3 hours at least twice a day . There are unique moments in the single player game that 'll have you replaying certain levels over and over again -LRB- just like in the first Halo -RRB- , but this is not enough to save the single player mode from being too short . Kind of like one of those snack size candy bars ... just ... not ... enough ... Anyways , all maniacal ranting aside , unless you can bear to replay a game on every difficulty over and over again or you have Xbox live and can play with your buddies in Taiwan , Barcelona , and Zaire , I do not recommend spending the necessary fifty dollars on this game . It 's unfortunate that I have to bash the game like this , but c'mon ! How did 4 years become 2 days ? Sheesh ! Best 2 days of my life though ... well , not really .
 I camped out for 13 hours to get this game opening day . I didnt stop playing it for 18 hours afterwards . This story line/game play is much the same as the fisrt one but the weopens and ect . seem to be even spectacular then before . This game is long awaited and is well worth the wait . The internet connection multiplayer is super cool . The only thing that annoys me is how people drop out when there about to lose or something like that . Graphics are as life like as people in metal suits with huge guns can get . It is not just another first person shot em . Its the best first person shot em . Halo 2 will make a new generation of halo fans and keep old halo fans entertained . If you didnt like Halo 1 you will not like Halo 2 .
 Only One word for this game . AWESOME , BRILLIANT , REMARKABLE , MASTERPIECE.Okay that was more than one word.I 've been playing this game online , and this game puts PC multiplayer to shame.It is the best multiplayer experience , since I went online 7 yrs ago.The single player campaign can be seen as a bonus , as the multiplayer is the king of the hill .
 Since buying this game , I had mix feelings , I read the reviews , all of them game great praise . I am always judgemental about buying a game.Anyway , after playing the game for 20 hours I can safely say this game is TERRIFIC.It is so well designed , i have no words to describe it.It is sheer class in a DVD-ROM . I understand why people have given it such a high score as it is truly brilliant.It blows everything else out of the water.Do yourself a favour and purchase it .
 Certainly i agree with the below reviews , it is the BEST GAME EVER!Everything , about it OOZES class and brilliance!GO and press purchase !
 Thus far I failed to be impressed with Halo 2 . It is an improvement on the first one , but the original Halo was released at the same time as the X-box . Certainly , it better be an improvement . Halo 1 was n't perfect , but there was n't a whole lot to improve on either . I wonder if Halo 2 will suffer the same fate as Perfect Dark . Both Halo and Goldeneye were revolutionary , but their sequels have not been as revolutionary , and perhaps in that sense are inferior to the originals . Halo 2 is an entertaining game , which has improved upon the original . But it can not live up to the hype . Time will tell which will become the fan favorite .
 This game is basically Halo v2 .0 its just an upgrade from the last.The only thing that kinda sucks about this is if you enjoyed the pistol in Halo 1 , you may be dissapointed because its not as powerfull and you cant zoom in and shoot . But none the less this game is pumped up and online !! So I would recomend this to anyone who likes First Person Shooters .
 I am one of those kids who ca n't wait for the game . Well , it is Nov. 9th and I have it on my kitchen table ... BUT I CA N'T PLAY ITS BECAUSE IT 'S BEING SAVED FOR MY BIRTHDAY -LRB- in a couple weeks -RRB- !!! Anyways , just wanted to say that I am doing better in school and I 'm doing ALL of my work right now to have the most time available to play this game NON-STOP !!! I stay up right now until 3 am to do all my homework in advance ... SOON I 'M GON NA BE UP TILL 3 AM PLAYIN ' HALO 2 !!! I REALLY hope -LRB- heard rumors but not sure they 're true -RRB- that you can pilot the pelican as I am a sweet ass pilot and am good at transporting ground troops at key locations . &#60; P.S. &#62; Read the books , they explain a lot ... even though the third book does n't follow the second game ... that is kinda gay but it still has a great ending .
 Alright it 's The Candyman Again i want to congradulate microsoft on playing a game everyone can except if THEY DO N'T HAVE AN X - BOX i 'm a PS2 person and i like good games i 've played halo once or twice in my day at my friends house and i love but it is n't for PS2 and that ticks me off . Microsoft sell Sony the rights to have Halo 2 on PS2 ...
 Any fps fan , ANY , can get behind this game . Not only is the online capabilities the best thing since sliced bread , but the single player campaign is far and away the best storyline I 've ever experienced in any action game to date.That being said , there are a few tech issues I 've encountered . Pathfinding for AI drivers is not all it could be , during episodes of high explosion the MC 's detail layer can disappear , giving him this naked look ... . I also saw a tiny bit of slowdown on the larger stages when too much action was occuring onscreen . There are a few tiny glitches that appear to be random that are n't worth listing . These problems are few and far between , and do n't detract from the action at all.Halo was one of the best games ever made . This is Halo x 100 . This game IS the best game made to date .
 After anguish of waiting 2 yrs , the best game to hit this world has arrived.And it has arrived in all it 's true glory.Yes , it is the best game ever I have played.The story is beautifully crafted , garphics brilliant and entertainment value is SUPERB.It really is the game that will change you 're life . take my word for it!The person , who mentioned that metroid Prime is better , lives in cuckoo land and has not played HALO2.Every review says it is the best game on XBOX , who do you trust?BUY the BEST GAME THIS SIDE OF XMAS
 I am amazed with this game , I thought Halo would be the best game ever!How wrong I was , HALO2 is the best game EVER , EVER and will be FOREVER!Just BUY IT
 Hands down , the best game to hit planet earth , since Bush became President.I 've been playing this for 14 hrs non-stop on heroic . It is the most exhilrating experience I have ever had.God Bless America and God Bless Bungie for making the greatest game to EVER !
 This is the BEST GAME EVER MADE , it even surpasses PAC MAN -LRB- And in my view pac-man was the best game last century -RRB- This century goes to HALO2
 this is the best fps i have ever played the beam sword is wicked the guns are awesome id rate this game 15/10 i recomennd u buy this now !!!
 first off , i am not a kid , its just easier this wayNow on with the review As you can see from my title , I am a fan of this game . It 's campain is amazing and well thought out . I find myself really interested in the story every time i am playing through the campaign . The multiplayer never gets old . I do not have xbox live , but splitscreen and system link are pretty much perfect . I can not recommend this game enough . If you want a list of xbox games to get they are
 I have had the game for ever now and I am astounded by the content this game offers . The graphics and sound design are astonishing . Music comes in whenever it is needed and when there is n't music there is well done gun sounds . The absents of music at these times can really make you look back and think about what you have accomplished . coupled with the amazing graphics this games presentation value is fantastic . besides all of that the gun play fanominal and never leaves you wanting more . the epic story really draws you in always making you want to see what happens next . splitscreen multiplayer is addictive and incrediblally fun with the system link . the online gameplay is included this time around . Which leaves you playing late into the night and gets really indepth with the clans . It took me so long to get to writing this review becuase I have been busy writing reviews for other games . The multiplayer map pack adds hundreds upon hundreds of hours of gameplay . also included is story missions playing as the arbitor , Wich allows you to see more on the covenent side in this conflict . There is a lot of biyist people who love the clasics and do n't enjoy these new games becuase they love the good old days of video games . So do n't listen to the reviews that gave Halo 2 a low score . Most of what these people say is fake . They say they own it but you can tell that they have never played it because they say false information . Do n't listen to these reviews.I would write more about the game but I am a little short on time . Bottom Line - Pick this game up cheap if you own a Xbox or get it later if you are looking to get a Xbox 360 and you do n't have the original Xbox . Get the new maps and let the days fly by until Halo 3 comes out . hope you enjoy Halo 2 as much as I did and still am .
 I 'd give this a 9.7 out of a 1-10 scale . The game was pure Halo but with improved graphics , weapons and story . I 'm not sure I understand why some say it had little plot and a bad ending because I thought both were great . The ending was a cliff hanger and cliff hangers are supposed to leave you wanting more - I loved that they did that . I was thrilled when it ended and I heard Master Chief 's last words because I knew there would be another sequel.I played the game on Normal and I quickly finished it in about 12 hours . I like to explore a bit and back track for weapons so it was really even shorter than that . That is my biggest complaint . It felt shorter than the first game . But , to be honest I 've finished the first game on Legendary about five times and I fly through it now so it probably is n't a fair judgment to say it was too quick because of my experience with the previous game . I also think a lot is being put into the online gameplay features and for those of us who do n't have that option you feel a bit ripped off . But someday , if I 'm able to do the live stuff I 'll probably be thrilled with all that was put into that.The controls are very similar with a few minor changes to accomodate for some newer weapon usage , like being able to hold two guns at once . Also the Banshees have some newer features and I had a little confusion with that because I was used to the first game and accidentally blew up another banshee I was going back to exchange with the damaged one I was flying.It was fun being able to use the Elites sword and the Wraith tank . I got quite good at slaughtering enemies with that sword . I prefer the human tank over the Wraith even though it was fun finally getting a chance to try it.You can also take over a vehicle that someone else is in by hitting the X button as they go by you and then fighting them for control.My cons would be :1 . Game a little too short .2 . The cut scenes threw off the flow for me . An example would be in the beginning of the game Master Chief is coming out of an glassed in transport thing and you can see a crowd of soldiers standing there applauding . As he steps out the screen goes white and the then the story picks up again in the same part . I 'd prefer if it was just one big scene where he walks out through the crowd with them clapping without the `` white '' transition . This happens through out the game and I found that frustrating .3 . Some parts of the game were just too dark to see , even with the Master Chiefs light on . When you were playing as the Elite , it was very hard to see at all because he did n't have the luxury of having a light .4 . No more camouflauge triangle things for the humans . But that is n't my complaint . The Covenant apparently does n't need them anymore because they now have the capability built into the armor but the Elite you get to be in the game 's ability to use this is so short it 's kind of useless . You push the button to be camouflauged and a few seconds later it already wears off . Early in the game something happens to him -LRB- I do n't want to give it away -RRB- where some see him as an outcast and it 's explained to him that his camouflauge capabilities are minimal because they do n't trust him yet . So I expected that as the game went on and he gained the trust of his comrades that this ability to camoflauge would increase as the game went on but it did n't . I know they are trying to make it more difficult but it was more of an annoyance .5 . I thought it had a great story and the cut scenes were great but it was very hard to hear what some of the covenant were saying and they put so much effort into having these scenes and the covenant 's point of view it would 've been nice to be able to hear what they were actually saying at times.Things I really liked :1 . The Master Chief looked the same , acted the same and sounded the same -LRB- Splinter Cell changed what Sam Fisher looked like and that really bugged me -RRB- .2 . I liked that you were able to get a really good look at some of the Covenant . What I mean is in game one it was really hard to see what they looked like and when they died they always were lying face down so you could n't see what they looked like . You now have a binocular type feature that you can check them out close up . Also , you get a chance to play with the Hunters on your side and it was fun to be able to walk right up to them and look at them from all angles . You could never do that in the first game because they were too busy killing you and you were too busy running for your life .3 . I thought the AI was more intelligent and crafty than in the first game . In Halo 1 they were harder to kill and dodged your fire more as your selection of difficulty went up . They were doing a lot of this on the Normal difficulty setting . An example would be the Master Chief is in a circular area with a central lift and the covenant can more or less follow his movements from above . As he 's coming up the lift , a grunt immediately throws a grenade at him and you have to be quick to dodge it .4 . Seemed like more comments being made by both the convenant and the humans , not as repetitive as before . And they often make you laugh out loud too .5 . I thought the covenant all looked even better . Much more detail in how the Elites looked and the Hunters were taller and more muscular looking . Also harder to kill . You can still shoot them in the `` soft '' part on the back but they move around a lot more in this game than before . Their weapons are also more intense and go further and are harder to dodge .6 . Mentioned this before but it was fun trying out the sword and the Wraith plus there were a bunch of new weapons to use too . Different weapons worked better on different creatures .7 . Great story . The story divides into two different view points were you get to see what 's going on with the Master Chief and then with the Elite . It was great how they managed both stories because as you were playing one you were longing to find out what the other guy was up too .8 . And again , great ending . Some reviewer mentioned that it felt like the story was unfinished and again , I tell you , this is a cliff hanger and that 's what is supposed to happen in a cliff hanger . The way it ended was a definite sign to me that there would be another sequel . The story they were working on , in my opinion , was concluded but something happens near the end to let you know that it is n't the end . I felt that way with the first one too .9 . The music . It had music from the first game but also new music that fit right in . I was pleased they kept some of the original because that theme fits so well with Halo.Lastly , I 'd like to recommend to anyone who really enjoys the story part of the game to read the Halo books . They are great . There are currently three books . The first is a prequel to the Halo game and it tells how the Master Chief came about and how he was selected as a young child , kidnapped from his family and replaced with a clone so his family is none the wiser . The second book is based on the game but it is so well done that you do n't feel like you are just reading the game but that you are actually in the story . There is so much more added to it . The third is the story between Halo 1 and Halo 2 . Now I 'm hoping there will be a book covering Halo 2 . I highly recommend this game . I think it is hard for any game to live up to the hype that precedes it and I also feel that if they keep the controls very similar and you 've become an expert at the first game , you will go through the second one at a faster rate . I 'd be interested to read a review from someone who has n't had the chance to play the first game first to see how it was for them . But with all that said , I do think it came pretty close to living up to the hype and I ca n't wait for Halo 3 !
 Okay , I have played Halo 2 and beaten it twice on Easy and Normal , and am now playing it on Legendary -LRB- mucho mucho harder -RRB- . I have to say that I do n't understand what the delay was for this game . I will tell you right now , if you do n't have Xbox Live , this game will be a let down for you . It has what has got to be one of the worst endings of a game I have EVER played . I would love to see more missions in the single player campaign as content download , but I have read that this is very unlikely to happen.I also have a gripe with the graphics of this game . I too have noticed the draw in delay time of this game when aliens pop into view and are `` drawn '' a split second later . Not too long , but it is still noticeable nontheless . With us paying 50 bucks -LRB- I bought the limited version -RRB- and I really expect more from this graphic engine . Now , if you have xbox live , this game is all about multiplayer . The ONLY bad thing , and I still ca n't understand why Bungie did n't include this , is that there is no COOP live playability . You can play coop thru a mission via splitscreen , but not through Live . This is a pity , since I enjoy coop play more so than the other multiplayer methods , but hate the split screen pain . I will say that I read the early reviews from the gaming mags about this game and was forwarned about the lousy ending , but it still caught me by surprise.Yes , it is hard to understand the vocals of certain aliens , and once I played through it the second time I was able to catch a lot of what I missed the first time . The only negative I have about the vocals is it seems so much is being said while you are in the thick of battle and ca n't really focus -LRB- or hear over gunshots -RRB- the sounds of the actors as they talk.This game could have been SO much more than it is , and that is why I give it only 4 stars . For as long as this game was in development , there should have been more than what it is . I only hope to god that they do n't pull a Sony and release another Halo version later that has more in it -LRB- I am referring to Sony and GT4 with a non-online version being offered first , only to be followed by a online version next year . What better way to milk the fans out of money than that . -RRB- Again , if you buy this make the effort and get live , it is the only way you will get your money 's worth out of this game.Decent graphic performance -LRB- After the characters are drawn in they look gorgeous , although I have had a fair amount of framerate slowdown that I have observed -RRB- . The sounds are probably the best of any game out there right now -LRB- With the exception of some Alien dialogue -RRB- . Single player campaign can be finished in as early as 5-6 hours on easy . They try to mix the single player campaign up with a plot twist early in the game , and I do n't want to spoil it for those who have n't played it yet , needless to say you will play as more than one character . The second disk in the limited version was nice with a pretty long making of the game movie -LRB- too bad the gameplay does n't reflect the amount of time they devoted -RRB- . And finally , this has got to be hands down the best assortment of music to ever hit a video game . It is like every sceen in the game is followed by it 's own musical score that really delivers the gut wrenching moments hard and fast . If you buy this game , be forwarned that the single player is ridiculously short , and you will be left wanting much , much more to justify your 50 or 60 bucks you put down on this game . And Bungie , incase you are reading this , give us more single player campaign missions via Content download .
 If you own an XBOX , you must own this game , and you should certainly own Halo
 I played this game way after it was released as I did not own original Xbox . As there was a huge hype built around Halo 3 , I felt obligated that I check this game -LRB- and the Halo 1 -RRB- out.To start out , I was happy that they kept all the things that got Halo 1 huge . Namely awesome 1st person mechanics , variety of vehicles and weapons , decent story , great multiplayer and of course Master Chief -LRB- a strong solemn character which really gets you curious about his past -RRB- . As for improvement , of course it had better graphics , more weapons , improved character design , I liked the story a bit better than the first and also introduction of a new interesting character with different abilities and combat mechanics . And how can any one forget the dual weapon combo.Saying that I really did not like how they made this game as redundant as the first one . Also , I know that is not the goal of developers of Halo , but man this series can really use some kicka ## bosses . It will truly bring experience to a different level.Nonetheless , I would say for the time it was release , it was a SPECTACULAR game .
 I jumped onto the Halo and Xbox train because of this game and the hype that surrounded its release in 2004 . Personally , I think that it 's better than any of the other two games in the series in terms of overall storyline and enjoyability . Do n't get me wrong , the others are classics , but there 's something extra about Halo 2 . Ok , so like most people , the ending really made me scream , but it sells part 3 , does n't it ? A great game .
 Excellent game . Only 2 minor criticisms . - 1 -RRB- Game is very long , but seems to be unfinished - 1a -RRB- last level is not w/Master Chief , which seems odd . - 1b -RRB- the cut-scenes -LRB- which are of minimal importance anyway -RRB- seem to have glitches where some parts of the animation appear , then others -LRB- not all at once -RRB- . - 1c -RRB- multiplayer maps were released later for more money . these should have been released free . some of them were merely levels from the game . - 2 -RRB- no multiplayer bots . they can do this , they just wo n't , forcing you to go online to spend more money if you want to play at home against someone else and no friends are over.Other than these minor gripes , the game is flawless and one of the best games for any system . arguably 2nd only to the original halo . I 'd give this a 4.8 or 4.9 if it were possible.I still wish MS had splintered off a Bungi team and had them develop Halo2 based on the original Halo engine so we would n't have to wait so long for the release , while simultaneously developing a new Halo game with the new engine .
 The multiplayer for this game is incredible ! It 's alot of fun . The singleplayer is also fun to play through and there are a ton of easter eggs and glitches .
 As I finished the original `` Halo '' game for the X-Box , I found myself completely unimpressed . With as much hype this game found upon its release , I thought that it could have had more depth to it . The characters , story , fight sequences , and weaponry all seemed stale . Once you passed the first level , you pretty much saw everything there could be to see with the game . It became repetitive over time with an ending that left you feverish for more . It did not deserve the `` cult '' - like status that it received . Hesitantly , I began playing the sequel in hopes that I could continue to trash this series as being nothing more than premature over-hype by fanboys that did n't grow up in the `` Goldeneye '' generation . Outstandingly , this sequel impressed me . Let me state that again , this sequel was by far , at least 100 % better than the original , so much in fact , that I found myself asking why this was n't the first in the series . It drew me in for continuous play with engaging characters , an extremely strong story , and voices that made you proud to be fighting as either Master Chief or one of the downtrodden Covenant . `` Halo 2 '' takes huge steps forward from nearly every facet of the original . After playing `` Halo 2 '' , the original seems like a modified version of Pong . To begin with , the weaponry is outstanding . One of the major complaints that I had with the original was that the arsenal of weapons seemed minimal at best , leaving a whole world of new weapons unopened . Well , in this game , these worlds were opened and fully explored . There were so many new and detailed weapons in this game ; I had trouble finding my favorite . Thankfully , the team at Bungie understood that I could n't pick just one , and finally encouraged Master Chief to use two weapons at once . That 's right boys ; we can double-fist the Needler like it is going out of business . This small change created so much more enjoyment for me because I could really wreak havoc from around the corner ... and there was plenty of havoc to reek . This sequel not just gave you a game where you could sit back and create the explosions at any given time , but also developed a structured story with amazing cut-sequences that transformed the world of `` Halo '' into more than just a one-dimensional game . While `` Halo 2 '' boasts a shorter play time , what appealed to me was the depth of the characters and the spectrum of what was happening to Earth during this apparent `` war '' . In the original game , I felt that my sole purpose was to destroy ... destroy ... destroy without any questions or answers . That is not the case here , where the missions seem intense , the purpose is forthright , and the unknown lurks deeper than imagined . There were places we traveled in this game that I did n't think existed on the `` Halo '' playing field.In my eyes , Bungie took a small somewhat simple game , and grew the playing field immensely . The detail focused on the graphics were intense , the introduction to this `` supernatural '' world was exciting , and the deception of evil made me push further more than I did in the original . This sequel was a game that you could turn the volume up on your surround system and fully enjoy the explosions , the swooping of incoming enemy ships , as well as the appropriately placed voice moments . For anyone that loves to hear the illustrious voice of David Cross yelling quips and quandaries at you as you destroy any Elite , than this is the perfect game for you ! It just felt like more icing on an already sweet cake . Weapons , voices , a compelling story ... this is exactly what I expected from the original game , but alas , did not see it . If this was the original release of the game than I would see the hype surrounding it , `` Halo 2 '' was nearly flawless with the clear images , the veracity of the A.I. , as well as the compelling and detailed storyline . Why could n't you steal a vehicle from the enemy in the original ? I experienced enjoyment with this game as I made it to the next level unlike in the original where I knew that it was just going to be a similar fight with aged weapons . This sequel compelled me to move forward into a deeper unknown . But , again ... it was n't perfect.While I will attest to everyone that `` Halo 2 '' was a million times better than the pathetic original , there were still some small issues that need to be addressed . The ending was horrid . For a person that does not have , nor does he plan to get at this time the infamous 360 , I will be left with an open-ended ending that really questions your loyalty to the finale . The same issue happened with the first game ... with so much dedication and integrity to the meat of the game , why not dedicate a spectacular ending ? The choice of armor for Master Chief seemed weaker than the original . I dare not run into a fight this time , but instead had to make me think about my attacks . A bit annoying when you wanted to just run a suicide mission . I also hated the fact that you could not throw grenades when you were dual wielding your weapons . Master Chief is a strong man/machine ... I strongly believe that he could do both , which put me into some tougher situations sometimes . Finally , why was there a timed limit for the Arbiter to remain cloaked ? These may seem like small things to the big gamer , but for me , they could have been strengthened to create a tighter game.Overall , I can not speak higher of this sequel . For those that yell that the original is always better than any sequels , then I would have to say `` Halo 2 '' is the exception . Bungie took the opportunity to grow this empire and give us a view of this `` war '' from a dual angle , making the universal terror greater and more relevant . I enjoyed this game from the beginning to the struggled ending , with all the excitement and enjoyment that I was hoping for with the original . I highly suggest this game to those that were unimpressed with the first , and do somewhat look forward to what the trilogy will encounter -LRB- if we can get it without the 360 -RRB- . Grade
 I 'm a 40-something guy and ca n't recall how many multi-hour sessions were spent playing this game ! Simply lots of fun and I enjoy thoroughly the story line . The Flood ... freak me out !
 Campaign
 Halo 2 is one of the biggest and baddest Xbox titles to hit the X box systems since ... well ... HALO ! And of course some other awesome games . The game has bin hyped since 2002 and finally the wait is over as they announced the official November 9th release date . Does this game live up to the hype ? . . does it outdo Halo one ? To answer your question my friend Yes ! ... and no . . Ok first lets get one things straight . Bungie did an excellent job with this amazing FPS shooter . The games visuals are breathtaking and the new dueling systems is just superb . The game did get some pretty good scores like 9.8 on IGN but that 's besides the point ... HALO 2 is truly an amazing game . It will be rememberd as one of the biggest Xbox games ever . I salute you Bungie for this awesome game . Visuals PERFECT , Gameplay PERFECT , Um ... Good lengh NO . Lets just get this down and over with ... Lets startGraphicsGraphicly this is the best looking Xbox game to date . The graphics can be comparable to Doom3 Trust me . Sometimes you 'll just stop and look at the brilliant visuals on the water , mountain anything . The lighting effects are unbelievable . . This game looks simply ... AMAZINGSoundThe music from the original is back but with more of a remix and more rock -LRB- something like that -RRB- and that it self deserves a star . The sound is extreamly detailed . The gun shots from from shotgun sound simply ... Real . . Bungie made no flaws on this part of the game ... 1 star for this one ... Gameplay . . The campaighn is wonderful with a pretty odd story that is a little different then Combat Evolves . The game not only gives you the role of Masterchief but you also get the role of an Elite and once that happends it really starts to pick up the pace . Bungie added some great features in this ... You can use the tank more often now unlike Combat Evolved were you only used it in one level . Some of the most amazing parts in the game is when your on Earth -LRB- which is only 2 levels sadly -RRB- But do n't worry for all of you people who wanted to use the tank more often HALO 2 is here for you . The campaighn earns a star ... and loses one -LRB- Uhhh I think -RRB- . . The campaighn is short ... not -LRB- only 13 hours short -RRB- it 's more like -LRB- 7 hours and less , short -RRB- . . And it ends very abruptly so if you 're expecting a huge ending that was very cool and remarkable do n't expect it in Halo 2 . It just ... ends ... Or as most people call it a cliffhanger . And No I do n't have Xbox Live but I have played some good wholesome mutliplayer with some budds of myn at his house and it was friggin terrific . Now besides that If Bungie did n't worry about the Xbox live stuff and worked more on the story it could have bin better . I know I 'll probably get negative reviews by some but This . . Is not the best FPS ... C'mon it 's notIt was a bit overhyped . . I thought EGM said on there really early HALO2 Cover stroy issue -LRB- it was when Vice City was just begining to get hype for the Ps2 before it 's even out -RRB- that We would get to no more about Masterchief ... HE BARLEY SAYS ANYTHING ATLEAST HE TALKED MORE IN HALO 1 ! Over all verdict + Amaing GraphicsCool MultiplayerSuperb GameplayAwesome campaighn story -LRB- yes I liked it unlike most game mag reviews -RRB- YOU PLAY AS AN ELITE ! You ca n't beat that now?Cons . . Just way too shortCliff hanger ending ... Just ... ends ... dammit . . Halo 2 has the potential to be the greatest Xbox game ever but ultimatley fails with its short campaighn and horrible way of an ending . . IT 's not even an ending if you think about it ! Lets not forget the superb multiplayer -LRB- man dueling weapons and using energy swords rule -RRB- This game is plain great and yes it was a bit overhyped but it does not dissapoint . . Halo 2 is fantastic and that is why I give it a. . .4.7 out 5 ... You must own this game if you have an xbox ... that 's it . . I 'm doneLates . .
 When I got Halo 2 for x-box , I was so eager to get home and try it out ! I was amazed by the sound , graphics and gameplay ! There are so many new things to get used to ! Yet there are a few things that made me a little dissapointed . 1
 If you have a xbox , get Halo 2 now , if not get a xbox . It is that fun . It is Halo times 10 . It may be the best thing you ever do . So go out . I hope to see you on Xbox live .
 First off , i have beaten this games ' main campaign in the co-operative mode . I admit it is relatively short , but it is well worth the money . Throughout the campaign , you switch back and forth playing as the Master Cheif on the human side , and then you also play as an alien on the covenant side . -LRB- Thats when the white button is used for camuflage -RRB- . Let me just say that this game is amazing and completely lives up to the hype . They have created new covenenant enemies such as Brutes -LRB- gorilla looking aliens -RRB- Drones -LRB- Very fast Bug type aliens that fly -RRB- prophets -LRB- boss-type figures who are the leaders of the covanents `` great journey '' plan . -RRB- The aliens now speak in english so you can understand what they are saying.They have also added lots of new vehicles . The Wraith and the Spectre are only a few . Also they have added a s *** load of new weapons such as the SMG , Covenant Carbine , Beam Rifle -LRB- alien sniper rifle -RRB- , Brute shot -LRB- grenade launcher carried by brutes -RRB- , Fuel Rod Cannon -LRB- that huge gun that Hunters carry -RRB- , An Energy Sword for those melee type of fighters , and An extremely useful Sentinel Beam that most sentinels drop.I dont like the new armor system that the master cheif uses -LRB- it seems less useful than in the first Halo and takes a tiny bit longer to recharge . Some points in the game such as the flood infested wall seemed impossible to beat in single player so i had to wait to play with my friend on co-op to get past certain parts of the game . The environments do not repeat themselves as they did in the first halo game.The A.I is much smarter in this game . They are now capable of driving vehicles while you can sit in the gunner seat if you would like or if you prefer passenger seating , you can do that too.They changed around some of the weapons effectiveness too . In Halo 1 i found that the plasma pistol was quite useful and that the needler was useless , but now theyve changed these kind of things around to balance it out . The plasma pistol is now next to useless and the needler when duel-wielded can be extremely deadly . Thats another thing theey added , duel weilding . you can now hold any 2 light or medium weapons simultaneusly while in battle , this helps a LOT.Also they give you more opportunities to ride in vehicles . Take advantage of this as being in a vehicle is much more useful than being on foot.YOU CAN CUSTOMIZE THE COLOR OF YOUR MASTER CHEIF in multiplayer mode as well as the emblem on his arm.I dont want to give away any more of the game than i already have . i give this game 5 stars , 10 out of 10 . this is game of the year and should be owned by all fans of Halo
 Halo 2 is a big dissapointment . Bungie lied when they said they would include 4 different hogs . They already delayed the schedule twice . I wonder what 's up with the laziness in the development . Even if they could n't include it in single player they could of at least included it in multiplayer . Anything would fit in . But the overall experience is so gooood i forgot all about the letdowns . You bet i was cursin ` after i thought i was going to play in a super-galactic space battle . There are also some flaws . Sargeant johnson and captain keyes daughter are invincible . And so is the silver elite you meet up with on the third to last mission . If you ask me , beating the crap out of these people relieves frustration over bungie 's laziness . The single player is so easy ... I could woop tatarus @ $ $ on heroic all day . IN conclusion , the best part of the game is the multiplayer . If you do n't have xbox live , many people to lan of play split-screen with than or only have the money to buy one big hit right now go and buy Metroid prime 2 . I will give you a much more satisfying single-player experience .
 Better than Halo . The game was excellentYou get to dual weapons and it was harder than Halo but more fun.Great game to buy and play over
 First , if you 've played the original Halo , you know what to expect . This game ecedes all of my expectations . The graphics are the best I 've seen in years . The amount of detail , and the lighting effects . It really puts you in the experience . The sound is fantastic . The music is awesome . The sound effects are awesome . The grenades sound truely amazing . The music is phenominal . It really puts you into the game . The gameplay is so addicting ! You can now steal enemy vehicles , evan the banshee ! You can also duel weild weapons now . The rocket launcher even has a heat seeking capability . The multyplayer is whicked . Instead of just the split screen , you can now get on xbox live ! It 's awesome ! All in all , it 's a truely phenominal gaming expernence . I reccomend it to anyone who likes games . Now for the cons.There are no ATVS like what bungie said . Also , you ca n't lean around corners either . The worst though is the online . It 's amazing and all , but when you make a custom game only youre friends can join it.But , It 's still a solid 10 out of 10 !
 Overall the game only gets 4 of 5 stars , and I would rate the first Halo higher
 If you 're expecting campaign levels like Halo 1 had , you will have to adjust . You are now thrown into some real world type environments . It 's easy to get lost and there are n't nearly as many waypoints as there should be . Some points in the game I was finding myself running in circles because I had no idea what to do . Also there are a lot of times where you sit in the same room while enemies come , you kill them , enemies come , you kill them over and over and you never know when it will end . I prefer moving along through maps than having to sit in one room clearing endlessly . I hate the new pistol . If you used the pistol a lot in the first one for multiplayer , you will be disappointed with the new one . You ca n't really do the 2 headshot kill like you used to be able to . I really do n't like having to play as the covenent guy throughout the game . It 's not as much fun and you can never tell who is a good alien and who 's a bad one . I ended up killing all my helpers by accident on several occasions . Overall though , this game rocks and the multiplayer is sweet . You might as well just buy it because all your friends have it .
 Story
 Halo 2 is one of the classics that the Xbox has given us . Although now you can no longer play online , the story line is always great and for a reasonable price this is a must have for any gamer 's library . In this first-person shooter , you control the Master Chief , the protagonist from the first Halo , as well as a character who from the enemy Covenant called `` The Arbiter '' . The story line is pretty good and the gameplay is fantastic , as is the custom in the Halo franchise . If you do n't already own it and you can find it for a reasonable price , buy it .
 A fantastic game that STILL continues it 's legendary glory , you will not regret it when you buy this masterpiece ! The game 's graphics , audio and what makes it the best ; mutiplayer , is the sole reason to buy this . Though , the servers are down and there are no players online anymore ...
 Much fun . I think it is a good choice for anyone who likes war games . Not very bloody or violent should not be rated M.Should have a teen rating instead of Mature .
 The Good
 My daughter and I play this game together . This is a really fun game and share some real father daughter time when you cant go outside.We love the game and recommend it .
 Been a die-hard fan since the game first came out , lost my copy and had to have it to keep my collection up to date .
 Three words
 This game is truly amazing . It takes all of the original 's `` cool factor '' and adds a second gun to it . The only problem I had was that it was very limited in music .
 Could not fine Halo 2 anywhere . Found it here at Amazon . Great game . Enjoyed it . Old school , but still fun . A must have for Halo enthusiasts . Game brand new out of the box .
 this was a gift for my brother , he loves it , but it still did shadowing which he found out is because he is playing it on xbox 360 . so he saves , reloads and then he can see fine .
 Same great imagery as the original Halo with an expanded storyline and new characters . I fell in love with Halo for its cooperative play and this sequel continues that legacy .
 The disc came factory wrapped , no scratches or anything on the box or the disc ; manuals were mint condition . Worked fine in my 360
 My son loves halo he cant get enough . he would play all night if I let him and his friends .
 My friend had this game for a few years . We played it all the time and it was great ! But it got to the point where it would only load some maps and we could not do the co-op at all . So I ordered this game NEW from Amazon for my friend . It came on time and in perfect condition , highly recommended !
 Another great action game for the alien-defender in us all . Worth playing and worth watching other play . Buy it and blast away .
 This game has been a favorite for many years , it 's the game that really got me into the halo series and I love each of those games !
 Firstly i finished all halo series -LRB- anniversary + 3 + odst + reach + 4 -RRB- . game play and design levels look still same series , graphics very good , still played single player and did n't try multiplayer yetfor me , i will game him 9/10i recommend for all fans halo series to play Halo 2and enjoy it .
 I 'm glad that nonsense was fixed by HALO 3 but seriously . Lame sauce . Graphics are good for the time this game was made .
 I was happy to have the game in the original package , and the price was very reasonable ! I know my husband was very happy to get this for Christmas as he has ALL the other games in the Halo series .
 When I heard that Halo 2 was coming out on November 9th , I was full of anticipation . Was it finally time for the much-anticipated sequel of the renowned `` Halo '' finally going to come out ? From the get-go everything about this game looked amazing
 the first Halo took on all the other first person shooters and blew them away . . it had great graphics , fluid gameplay . . a great story and a great cast of characters . . the game is a best seller and a instant classic ... now fast forward halo 2 bursts onto the scene ... this game has all that halo fans have grown to expect from the first one . . and more like new weapons , a updated battlesuit and more surprises ... still it has some flws though but thats in everything . . its a part of life ... this game plays even better on the new x box 360 system try it out . . it feels like a new version of halo 2 . and the graphics are slightly updated as well now ... cant wait to halo 3 this spring ...
 First of all nerd , halo two is not a little kid game . Infact is you had done any research at all , over 55 % of people that own halo 2 are over 18 . This is probably the best fps out there . Well , now that call of duty 2 came out , second . But halo two has the best multiplayer of any game ever known . Its multiplayer smokes even xbox 360 multiplayer games . the only people that do n't like this game do n't have xbox live . You do n't know halo 2 until you play big team battle on xbox live . i mean seriously , xbox live halo 2 will keep you in your house for months and years . I have had halo 2 since it came out and have not become bord of it . i have been playing at least 1 time a week the entire year . usually more.it is sooooooooooooooooooo addicting . i know its pretty nerdy but i ca n't stop . Many people agree with me but are to emmbaressed to say it .
 if you had played halo 1 you MUST play halo2 . it is great . The weapons are fantastic . my favorite ones are the rocket launcher and the SMG . the vehicles ... where do i start ? They 're all great but ... i think the scorpion tank is the best . it has two weapons the main turret and the very powerful cannon . the warthog supports three people . -LRB- the driver the rider that can shoot people , and someone to control the turret on the back -RRB- . The same with the gauss warthog . the ghost is an alien vehicle that has two plasma beams as the main weapons . same with the banshee except that it can fly . the spectre has a turret on the back and people caride on the side.the wepons again are great . the best ones are the energy sword , shotgun rocket launcher , needler , and the plasma grenades -LRB- they STICK on to people , THEN they explode -RRB- kinda funny when you watch it happen to someone else , but not you .
 Alright , after repeatedly pushing back the release date , Halo2 is everything I had hoped . Now , however , it 's been four months and I would have expected some -LRB- additional purchase required -RRB- online add-ons . How difficult would it have been to release new boards for multiplayer matches ? I am still waiting for sidewinder !
 hello gamersI am brandon and i know a couple cheats or two.Anyways this is a GREAT game and i think that you should get it.here is the cheat for capture the flag
 Halo 2 is the best game I have ever played -LRB- so far -RRB- . This game is described in one word
 Halo 2 ... What can i say , it is one of those games that is a phenomenon , it is n't perfect , it was n't the `` perfect '' game that everybody expected , it has its flaws , but the reward of the enjoyable experience much outweighs any minor flaws that you might run into . After beating Halo 2 , i decided to look into playing on Xbox live . Wow ! Playing on xbox live adds dimension to the game experience and never seems to get old . I am a level 12 on xbox live , and have played close to 400 games , and i still ca n't wait to get on and play with my friends . The gameplay overall and graphics are twice as good as the first one , and i highly enjoy playing it .
 I will quote them on saying , `` On november 9 earth will never be the same . '' They also say on the case of the game that earth gets invaded and you have to fight off the covenant to defend earth . Do n't get your hopes up because earth is invaded in only one level . Half of the footage you 've seen in the trailers is n't even in the game it 's self . That pissed me off , but if you did n't want to fight on earth and like a game that 's full of surprises then this is the game for you . Multiplayer is awsome .
 As I mentioned this game is truly amazing.There is not any other game that can come close to this game.I thought Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas is great . This makes Grand theft feel inferior.Truly superb in every sense .10 / 10 for graphics , gameplay , value , entertainment and replayability
 i am not a gamer but found the first halo to be above and beyond anything i had previously seen . i had my order in for halo 2 when it was due out in april.the game is a marvel . the graphics are better than anything i have seen and the controls are much smoother and easier to handle than the grand theft games . the addition of the double wielding guns is an advance but takes a significant amount of getting used too . i do have a problem seeing the surroundings while carrying both guns which is a nuisance and has caused me many deaths from unseen sources . though it is early for me in the game , i miss the health bar and find it incredibly annoying that i have to find cover to wait for the shield strength to rise . in halo , you could lose your shield but usually have enough health not to die on the next shot . in halo 2 , death comes quickly after the shield is gone.still , the game is visually remarkable and far above anything i have seen in my limited experience .
 My friend gave this game to me and I 've been playing through the campaign recently . It is a great FPS.I did n't like halo 3 and I despise Halo ODST by the way.The story is actually realy good especially considering it 's and FPS . It 's realy cool how you get to play as Master Chief and The Arbiter and see both sides of the conflict.The gameplay is also great . There are lots of cool sci-fi weapons . It 's fun to play . Just do n't expect it reinventing the FPS genre . It still the same FPS gameply . There are also vehicle bits that are fun as well.I have n't played the online , but the singleplayer is sure to please fans of Sci-Fi shooters . And it 's compatible with 360 . Best Halo game yet .
 Liked the game , however ... had to return because of shadowy images in several areas which covered up part of the picture . Returned game and had replacement issued . Had same problem . Returned again and received refund .
 Halo 1 was probably the best game ever for XBox . That was until Halo 2 came around and kicked it 's but . You can wield 2 weapons at once , which was awsome and the gameplay was a big improvement from the previous game . Buy IT ! You will not be disappointed !
 Halo 2 brought life back into this world and anyone can say that , even a kid like me . My mom is obviously concerned with me playing it because it 's rated M and that means violence . The first game was absolutely amazing and this one was even better.Graphics-5Gameplay-5Fun-5Overall-5
 The best.Buy this game now or wait for HALO 3 ! Just buy any of the Halo games !
 if u give this game anything but 5 stars then u r a complete retard and i hate u. the truth is that this should be released worldwide , be made game of the year , be named the greatest xbox game ever -LRB- or even the best video game ever -RRB- and have over one hundred million copies sold by the time halo 3 comes out . it 's got great graphics to say the least and possibly the best graphics i have ever seen . when u shoot at the wall it makes bullet marks , when u fire a sniper rifle it leaves a streak of smoke behind where the bullet was.the sounds are so realistic , i probably could figure out the difference between the sound of a real gunshot and a firework or something like that after playing this game . i could probably even tell what kind of gun it is . the controlls are eazy especially since they are very customizable and will be very farmilar to those fps -LRB- first person shooter -RRB- fans even if they arent diehard fps fans . i havent gotten a glitch in my game yet and ive been playing halo 2 forever . all of those halo 1 fans that havent played halo 2 will love it even more the first . people that are new to the fps games will like this game , even people who hate most fps games will love this . im only 11 so if u are younger then 18 then u can break the mature rating . it costed me 50 bucks for halo 2 and i wouldve payed 100 so 30 bucks is so worth it . the question that i 'm asking you is y are u reading reviews when u can be playing it . if u have any questions or comments then please e-mail me at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Every XBox fan I know says that XBox is made for Halo and that all the other games are just `` gravy . '' My son loves this game , but I do have to limit how much he plays it because it is so intense . It is rated `` M '' for a reason . While the violence is n't too graphic , the intensity can be too much for kids younger than 14 or 15 .
 As hard as it is in getting your friends together to play Halo , the multi-player live was great . Any hour of the day I get the urge to play , there is always someone on.As for the story , not enough play time at being MC , it isnt as fun playing as the alien . As for the ending , well I wont spoil it for you , but the ending was a very big disapointment .
 I never liked FPS games , until I played the original Halo . And I couldnt wait for Halo 2 . Pros - The graphics are amazing . I love that more objects are movable/destroyable . The comments from allies/enemies are hilarious . The cutscenes are beautiful . The sound is just as good as the first . More weapons/vehicles/enemies . Gatta love the sword ! Halo 2 gave more info . from the Covenant point of view . Halo 2 on xbox live is so addictive ! Cons -LRB- not many -RRB- - Story was too short . Too much playing as the arbiter . I beat the first Halo on Legendary . Legendary on Halo2 is almost impossible to beat.Bungie made a lot of improvements , but not perfect . I could play the first Halo over and over again . I cant say the same for Halo2 . But Halo 2 makes that up with xbox live . Still one of the best games of all time .
 Halo 2 is a great game , there is really no other way to put . However after you beat the rather short campaign I would suggest getting Xbox Live or getting a lot of friends to play with . If you have or have played Halo than you should be getting this game ASAP . If you 're skeptical because even though you like shooters you think alien shooters are bad , believe me this is no average alien killing game . So go get Halo 2 !
 This is like a part 2 for me as I reviewed the game when i was about 3/4 a way through with the threat that i would complete my review on completion . Well i have completed and so here i am to finish my say on the second coming in gaming Halo 2 . First of a quick recap on my first review -LRB- which was kinda negative -RRB- basically stated that i hated some of the confusing levels half way through the game , hated some of the reswapning qualities of the game and that huge green plant thing -LRB- still looks like Audrey to me from Little Shop of Horrors.So now that i have finished the game and started again i can still say these aspects of the game annoyed me but i can say that this is an excellent game that really delievers a good sequel to the first and allows for some expansion of the storyline . Yeah playing as the a covernant will never replace the feeling of playing as the bad boi Master Chier himself but i give kudos to the developers for taking the risk and expanding both the story and game play of the halo series.I mean some say this is just a graphical re-hash of the first but really there are some subtle and less subtle difference to the game that sit well since the orginal Halo was only released about 3 years ago.I really like games that provide different environments and novel ways to travel around and Halo 2 had those moments on a grand scale including crossing a huge lake on a moving platform . travelling underwater in what looks like a train carriage and flying across huge gaps via a pulse of light that you walk into . Simple things that do n't overwhelm the game but give the gamer those moments of coolness that breaks up the fighting abit.Duelwielding -LRB- though not orginal -RRB- is really good here and it is fun to mix and match the weapons to attempt ways of having greater fire power . Furthermore , the abiltiy to swing a plasma sword is greatly appreciated and i had some really fun with it.There is much greater emphasis this time on vechile travel and some of my fav moments were near the beginning in a huge tunnel that seemed to go on for ever . This really introduced the team dymanmacis of the game as the computer AI would fight alone side you and it sort of gave your the feeling that you werent alone . A big plus.You can basically drive anything in this game that you can jump , blast or punch yah way in . My favourtie vechile is the ghost and the tank . One one level you will cross a huge bridge in the tank and to but it simply i thought this was awesome both graphically and game wise . Fun Fun thats this game as long as your do n't over anaylisis to much.The game is NOT to short and seemed to go longer than the first . I thought it was a great length and really is a good game for hardcore gamers and for the mainstream due to it difficulty levels.The storyline only becomes more immersive as you play on and for fans of the orginal it great to see the MONITOR again and this time he seems to get kicked around a little ... Way Cool.Overall the game delievers and i beg anyone that plays it to watch after the credits have rolled to see a 30 min clip which , for me , helped to see that the green plant thing that i hated will possibly have a greater role in part 3 and gave it some real menace . It a quick scene but it made me feel some true meance towards it . It has been runmoured that it is the orginal flood or some form of King Flood ????? Will shall wait and see and that 's the power of this game . You want more , you want to know more and you want to play more . It highly addictive and alot of fun.However , please get rid of the levels where it gets confusing and repative again . Thr reswapning doesnt bother much now as i have learnt more about the weapons and the ones to use on particular enemies but even on the second time throught i start to get bored and restless about half way through with the libray and cave levels . A distance marker like in the first would have helped here.Overall though a great game and one that Bungie should be proud of and one that no gamer should miss out on . If you havent brought it and you own a Xbox then go now and get it . You have to !!!!! Bring on Halo 3 !!!!!
 You may recconise this title from when i wrote a review for Halo1 . Back then i thought that was the best game ever . Well , that was then , this is now.Let 's start with the bad parts -LRB- hardly any -RRB- . After you beat The Maw in Halo1 all the marines are dead . When you start the game in Halo2 , it 's like nobody ever died . Well , thats about it.Now the good things -LRB- i will only list what i think are the best things because there 's so many -RRB- . You get to play as Master Cheif and a Covenent Elite . I think it 's more fun playing as Master Chief , but you face a new species as an elite and you get to do cool stuff . It is really fun to do co-op in this game with your friends . It 's a lot more fun than playing alone . Online play is the best . You can even start a co-op campaign with your friends online . One more good thing i have to say is good ... EVERYTHING ELSE!Well do n't just sit there and read ... BUY THE GAME ALREADY !
 Il admit it , im not a big Halo fan . Frankly I tohught the first was way over rated . However I bought the second one just to see how it was . Ive never gone in depth with the story line so I basically just ran through levels and beat them skipping the cut scenes . I went back later though and watched them all and pieced the story together . Its a good story , a very good plot for the game . The multiplayer is better than the 1st , especially with 16 people . Only snipers ruin the fun . And the tanks seem a bit unfair , once I or anyone else got in one , your unstoppable and can get massive kills . I thought the graphics were just average , escept the cutscenes . Thew sounds were average . Still to me its just another first person shooter . I still dont give it all the glory everyone else does . But for what it is , i 'll still give it 4 stars !
 This is the first Halo i have ever had and i love it its better than smoking a joint Halo 2 was the first game i was mad to finish playing the story.The levels are long sometimes you 'll have to check if your still on the same level but fun.If you just came from pluto Halo & Halo2 ; are the greatest games of all time well on X-BOX Halo and xbox go together like a spoon and a fork.ALSO STRART SAVING FOR X-BOX2 IF YOU WANT HALO 3so go buy it if not for yourself for your xbox trust me it 'll than u for the X-mas gift
 Halo 2 is the best game I have ever played in my life . It has awesome graphics , a great story , and more and improved weapons . It is also neat how you can play as humans and the Covenant , so you can use more weapons than in the last game . If you are a hardcore gamer , then Halo 2 is the game for you !
 All u guys who say halo is mediocre and stuff like that are absoulutly crazy ... the game is light years better then halo , not dissing it or anything but come on . ALl u guys who write all that stuff are big complainers . I would give this game and all of its merchendise five million stars ... . ne way halo rocks like no other and if u say gta is better u are insane .
 first of all the fools that say this game is mediocreare wrong , the only bad thing about this game is ... well fihgting the flood again -LRB- nooooooooooooooooooooooo -RRB- this game is pretty much the same as the first one but faster , more fun , and prettier.it even has a voiceing from michelle rodriguese the -LRB- cool -RRB- hot girl from resident evil 1 ! so dont listen to the lies of mediecroce . this game is a 10/10 !
 Music and Sound Track is way better than halo 1 and it has Xbox Live capability . It 's a stress-reliever and must-have for anyone of any age and any player levels .
 What can I say ? Halo has proved itself to be THE best FPS ever created . I am currently playing Half-Life 2 -LRB- yes , finally -RRB- , and while it is definitely among the best games I have played , it strays pretty far from true combat-shooter game . Bungie has worked pacing and progression for a combat game down to a hairsbreadth , and as a result there is no game out there with as much adrenaline-pumping action.Many initially complained about the story in Halo 2 , as it was n't what they expected from the close of the original game . Admittedly this game does stop abruptly . But the new complexity which has been worked into the tale was more than worth it , as is obvious from the level of anticipation for Halo 3 . In many ways , from brilliant mechanics -LRB- including the two-gun only rule -RRB- , compelling and epic story , strong and enigmatic characters , beautiful visuals , superlative music , and of course the unmatched multiplayer settings , this has proved itself the strongest FPS ever to rear its head . Let 's hope Halo 3 does n't let us down .
 Longtime gamer and new Halo 2 fan . I 've been playing non-stop since I got this .
 This game is unbelievable . Its defintely worth the time and money for it . Especially watching the moives on 60 inches HDTV , it 's life . But the ending sucked , it just faded . I thought it 's gon na be a lot more exciting than that . Maybe bungie just got lazy in th e end .
 Halo 2 is a great game . I have read alot of haters out there saying they did n't like the ending , and yeah , I was kind of taken back at it too , but Bungie will more than likely continue the Halo saga on Xbox or Xbox 2 . Bottom line , this game kick butt . If you enjoyed Halo , you will love Halo 2 . The basic concept is the same , kill or be killed . The Plot takes twists and turns and keeps you playing until the end . Multi-player is great and the levels are a bit more inovative than the last Halo addition . There seems to be alot more cover in the new multiplayer enviroments than the previous edition . The new weapons are outstanding and vehicles are some new twists on some old favorites . You can read into some of what the haters out there are saying , but let me tell you as an old Halo vet , this game was worth the long ... LONG wait and will probably keep players like me occupied for a long time to come . Most deffinetly a 10 out of 10 .
 When Bungie announced that they were making Halo 2 , a lot of people thought that they were just fixing up the original one and adding things . Bungie then informed the public that it was building it all over again and this was much more than just a re-make . The game design and controls are identical to the original , while the graphics are bumped up a few notches . The textures take a few seconds to load sometimes mid cut-scene , but it is an improvement . You can definately tell the same people designed the levels in this game that did the last , as there are one or two that are pretty redundant and stretch probably longer than they need to . But overall , this game has many new things to offer.First off , duel weilding weapons . You can still only store one weapon that you 're not using , but the current one , if it is held by one hand , can leave room for you to pick up another one handed weapon . In this case , you can fire both simultaniously or in whatever combination you want -LRB- alternating and such -RRB- because your right trigger controls your right weapon , and left trigger now controls the left one -LRB- as opposed to the grenades , like normal -RRB- . This adds much to the game on its own.Second , you have a plethora of new weapons to play with . The covenant arsenal has been expanded exponentially , and you can now wield the energy sword -LRB- a new favorite , as you could imagine -RRB- . You also get the fuel rod projector , which is the big gun that is grafted onto the arm of the Hunters - the covenant equivalent to the rocket launcher . It has a covenant equivalent to a sniper rifle , and a carbine also.Third , you can hi-jack vehicles . This is a major plus , but definately a skill to be learned and mastered . This will make multiplayer much more interesting . Also , you can climb on enemy tanks , pop the cover open , and drop a grenade in there to cook the pilot without wasting a rockets like you had to before.Fourth , the story is much more complex . There are more cutscenes , and another goodie that was left out of the previous reviews -LRB- or at least the ones I 've read -RRB- . While the story does n't flow nearly as easily as the last game , there are essentially two stories happening simultaneously . I 'm guessing the stories will combine later -LRB- I 'm only halfway through now -RRB- , but beside the one with the Master Chief , you play the Arbitor in the other . You are the disgraced Elite that was in charge of the fleet in the first game . Your failure to bring the Master Chief down and preserve the Halo has brought you much pain , and the suicidal position of the Arbitor . You play alongside the Covenant military as him , and run missions against Covenant rebels and other things . This gives much exposure into how the Covenant work and develops them much more so than the last game.Two variations to the original classic weapons must be noted . The pistol does not have a scope on it anymore , which will definately balance multiplayer games by limiting those head-shot gurus who never fight up close . Also , the previous Assault Rifle , with its automatic fire and 60 round magazines is long gone . In its place is the Battle Rifle , with a 2x scope , but only a three round burst fire mode , and a 32 shot magazine . Sadly enough , taking Elites out with that is much harder because you ca n't bum-rush them while emptying your magazine . The three round burst definetly slows down the effectiveness of the rifle in short range combat , which is probably why they introduced the Sub Machine Gun , which is a high rate of fire , caseless , one handed weapon . Of course , now you have to have both of them for the same advantages you had with the single Assault Rifle before , but it 's a minor setback.I do n't have access to XBOX Live where I 'm at currently , but I 'm sure this will be one of the greatest Live experiences to date . I know how much fun the orinigal game was in multiplayer , so this one , with its improvements , will be much better.All in all , the developers have made a game with the same addictive attributes of Halo , but with much more replayability , mass multiplayer options , and enough improvements to fill a football stadium . All of the other FPSs I have will have to take a backseat to this . There 's just nothing that can compete .
 Halo 2 is the best game in my collection . It tops most first person shooters on the market today . If you are still thinking about getting it , do n't think , just get it . It 'll be worth the money . If you have the first halo , trust me , this is something you 've never seen before . If you do n't have it , be amazed at what you see on your T.V. Screen . Pick up a whole arsenal of guns and waste those covenant -LRB- aliens -RRB- and make sure you put one through its head for last . The vehicles in this game are friggen amazing -LRB- show damage -RRB- . stop reading this review and get the game already !!!!
 If you have an xbox you have to get halo 2 and if you dont there is know reason to own one . Master cheif is just as cool as in the first . I got to skip school when this game came out and iam still playing it on xbox live today . The graphics are awsome and so is the music and the music is kinda weird . We even play this game in school on the projection screen on our spare time . If you liked the first one youll love this one . BUY IT NOW !!!!!
 This has got to be the best game I have ever played !!! If you dont have a Xbox you should get it just for this game . I have the first one and I beat it also . I think Halo 2 is alot better than number 1 . I like playing with my freind through co-op mode . I wish most games had co-op mode . I would recemend you to buy it . IT 'S LOTS OF FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Halo 2 is a beautiful game , yet has a few serious flaws . The game itself is extremely short , and has a terrible ending . However most people do not realize there is another movie after the credits . The ending still sucks . The gameplay , while short , is extremely fun . I beat it on normal the first week i had it , and it has taken me a week to get past the first three levels of Legendary . playing on legendary opens up a whole new game , and a whole new experience . The graphics are incredible as is the sound . Not abig fan of being the covenant tho .
 Halo 2 is a great game , it 's just too over rated . Sure its a good game but there are a lot of good games . Its one of my favorits ! I would buy it if I were you !
 halo 2 is a great game . my neighbour has it and i love it . i only played it once but it was awesome . the best way to get a jackal quickly is to put a plasma pistol in one hand and an automatic gun in the other hand . charge and shoot the plasma pistol then shoot with the other gun . definetly reccomended for any xbox owner -LRB- even though i dont have one -RRB- . if you only have a ps2 get killzone . if you only have a gamecube get metroid prime 2
 Halo 2 is a capable video game , but it falls flat of what it should be . It has good AI , fun level design , decent graphics , and some good weapons upgrades from the original , but it lacks in several areas . Having said that , I 'm pretty uhappy with Halo 2 overall.Here are some gripes :1 -RRB- It 's just too short . I played it very casually a few hours a week and beat it in no time . Maybe 15-20 hours total . Halo took forever with expansive levels , Halo 2 just feels short and hurried .2 -RRB- -LSB- Minor Spoler -RSB- The story does n't make a lick of sense . Several of my friends and I all beat it . Five of us -LRB- all college graduates , some professors of English who know a bit about story interpretation -RRB- have no clue what happened . Something about a rift in the covenant or something and an arc ? The storry is muddy and choppy and confusing and unsatisfactory . One friend of ours has gone door to door explaining the events of the game , assuring us it was a good story . But if five out of six people just do n't get it -- that is far from good story telling .3 -RRB- -LSB- Minor Spoiler -RSB- The ending is a giant set up for Halo 3 . I understand the principle of a cliff hanger , but do n't set up major fights and what could be the best level of the game and then make us wait three years for the trilogy . I endured three years of misery when I was kid waiting for Return of the Jedi . I do n't see myself sticking around and waiting for Halo 3 like that .5 -RRB- There are virtually no new enemies from Halo 1 . Some flying critters and big hairy apes and maybe a variation on the energy shield weilding aliens . Otherrwise , you might as well just play Halo .4 -RRB- Audry II . If you do n't understand that , look up Little Shop of Horrors . Lame.I was an avid fan of Halo , and I played plenty of lan parties with it , tried different difficulties and got every dime out of my fifty bucks on a groung breaking FPS that put the XBox on the map.Perhaps I 'm so salty because with a reported $ 27 Million + budget , I wanted it to be a 12 out of 10 . Instead it 's maybe a 7 , 8 tops . I remember when the flood hit in the original , and my mind was blown . I thought `` Now I see what all the hype was about ! '' In Halo 2 , the hype is about hype.I slaved over Ilovebees.com all summer , waited in line at midnight , and was rewarded with game that 's kinda cool . Frankly , kinda cool is n't good enough . I 've been having more fun with Call of Duty on the Xbox , and I already played it on the PC.In all fairness , I have n't tried it out on Xbox live , and that 's supposed to be pretty awesome . I just with the game team learned a lesson from Unreal . Spend some time making a great single player , and then just make a great Halo Online game . Do n't cheat us out of the Halo experience just to cater to the online gamers . Not fair and definitely not cool.Halo 2 is a fun game , but save yourself the hype and expense and just rent it . You 'll beat it before it 's due back .
 halo 2 does not deserve the negative coments it ocasionaly reveives at this website . everything about the game is apsolute brilliance . the graphics are incredible . this game blows the original halo and just about everything else out of the water . youll find huge sprawling landscapes to roam around . beautifally rendered scenery . extreme detail . weapons . enviorements . EXCELLENT EXPLOSIONS . overall halo 2 has to be one of the best looking games in many years . the music is worthy of a soundtrack . the original games simplistic army music is replaced by a beautifal array of rock-techno music . dramatic o
 If your a parent looking at this game to buy your kids or maybe even yourself , look no further . I am a college student and this game is so entertaining you could play it for hours . I do however recommend the online feature . Playing online will ensure that a person never get bored with the game . Parents buy it , every other gamer in the world buy it b/c it 's worth it . I 'm sure everyone over 18 that plays XB already has it .
 my brother loves the game . he is playing it alot like night and day . but most of the day more less .
 This game is the most spectaclar I had ever seen untill this game is first released ! Good story , Turly widening the halo world , much more smart A.I compared to the Halo 1 . It is a master-piece among the the SF shooting game in the history !
 NOTICE
 its halo 2 , nice game but old news to most im sure , just replacing it because seems i left it with the nabors kid when i moved
 This game came just as described and in and came whe it said it would , Halo 2 is great my son plays it all the time .
 Great continuation from the first Halo ! I like how the buttons for the game remained the same . Holding two weapons in the game makes it feel like the Wild Wild West in outerspace . Awesome !
 This game is a must have . Super fun , and plenty of game . I play this with my kids , and we have hours of fun . Go Spartans !
 Received item in about 4 days which is fast for coming from New Jersey to California . Disc was perfect and so was case , way better condition then I was thinking it would come in ! Really nice price ! The game was covered in a wrap and came with a recite .
 Halo 2 , the second sequel of the amazing Halo Series , continues off after the self destruction of the fallen Pillar of Autumn , which stopped the Flood , or so they thought.It brings great nostalgia to play this game . It even still have Xbox multi-player available , which definitely brings back memories . I 'm glad to have bought this game because now my Halo collection is nearly complete ! > : D
 This game is amazing and i just love the halo series it 's amazing i got all of the halos and i love them .
 GreatThis product is great , just what I wanted . Thanks !! I would recommend it to a friend.I have no issues at this time .
 if you have the original xbox , get this game . it is all you need . it is an excellent game . hooah
 I very recently -LRB- within the last week -RRB- completed Halo
 cant go wrong with this game , it pretty much speaks for itself , master chief and plenty of grunts to kill
 When Halo 2 first came out , I was n't a big fan of it . I resented changes made to weaponry , either removing some or makeing others less useful . I perticulerly noticed that `` Heavy '' weapons appeared to be less effective along with the melee . While I was glad that this game made Covenant vehicles easier to operate , I hated the fact Human vehicles were less useful unless you were speeding away from enemies . Also it appeared that the aliens took more rounds to kill . The storyline however did intrique me.After a couple years of playing it less and having the Halo universe expand beyond Halo 3 , this game suddenly became a lot more fun . Having experienced Halo 3 which left me with a pretty mixed opinion , this game suddenly went up in likeability . I noticed that the rifles were pretty darn useful and duel wielding Elite Plasma Rifles , could really put a dent in most enemy forces , espically if obsticles were involved . The game felt more like the first Halo , where I felt I really was behaving like the character although not as well . Also I began to appreciate the later levels and how there were multiple ways to get through a combat situation.Two dislikes do remain . One dispite having more levels , I do feel some of the combat is sacrificed for the story and transitions between vehicle to on foot bitts in this game did n't feel as smoove.A lot of fun , but man did it take forever for me to appreciate it .
 I was happy to have the game in the original package , and the price was very reasonable ! I know my boyfriend was very happy to get this for Christmas !
 love this game its so great I beat it within a three night period but it brings back memories of why I started playing the whole halo series to begin with .
 I have no idea how to play this game , but my grandson does and he loves it .
 Halo 2I just recently purchased HALO
 This was purchased as a gift for my son and he loves it . He completed the first one and is on his way to completing this one . Halo 2 is a little shorter than the first one but is still worth it if you liked the first Halo . I have played it a few times with him and it 's not bad . I think this one may be better than the first , but it 's a hard choice because they are both good . This plays fine on the Xbox 360 , by the way , just as the first one does .
 this game is almost exactly the same as halo just with some changes like the new plasma sword and this is still a great game
 I hadnt played a video game for over 5 years , since Playstation 1 . I then buy an XBox 360 and this game came with the purchase as it was able to be played for the 360 . So this was my first game I played in 5 years . I had surround speakers for the XBox and I just fell in love with this game . I havent played it in a year so theres only so much I can say . But you 'll surely like it . I dont need to go in depth with the game and point out some minor flaw and compare it to other versions lol . But the music for this game , the scenery , the adventures , the story is just remarkable . When I eventually beat it -LRB- its a long game and I liked that -RRB- , this cool music was playing , it felt like I was in a movie , I was so happy when I beat it . I felt as if I was the character I played and we did it lol . We saved the universe . It took so long to finish the game and it was an amazing experience . Especially with surround sound playing in the dark on your bed , you become apart of the game and it takes you on a wild ride . Buy it , you cant go wrong , nice addition to your collection at a cheap price .
 the game is great and it came faster than i thought it would.thank you
 The original HALO was the game that saved the X-Box and kept Microsoft 's fledging HALO 2 continues the adventures of Master Chief and the soldiers of Earth as they try to save the universe . Besides Master Chief 's adventures , the game also has a parallel story that begins with a cut-scene on the Covenant homeworld . A Covenant Elite Supreme Commander is disgraced , beaten , and punished because of his failure to capture Master Chief and is selected by the High Prophets to be the Arbiter and atone for his sins . The Prophets believe that the Arbiter will soon be killed in action as all Arbiters were before him , but this Arbiter is different and is n't killed in action . Instead , he fulfills his first few missions , uncovers a secret about the High Prophets , and joins forces with Master Chief.Story-wise , HALO 2 is a bit of a let down than HALO . The original game had a great story that was well contained and stands upon its own . Apparently the makers of HALO 2 decided to take a cue from bad Hollywood franchises and HALO 2 is n't self-contained . The game is just as fun to play as the original , but without having played the first game , some of the plot elements are lost on newbies . Of course , then there 's the whole `` cliffhanger '' -LRB- aka dumb -RRB- ending for the game that is n't an ending at all.A new improvement to the game is that characters can choose to fight with two weapons -LRB- of only certain types -RRB- at the same time.The game has a great deal of replay value because of the great co-op features.Overall , even though I was disappointed by some of the points of the story and the abrupt ending , I enjoyed playing HALO 2 .
 I really loved Halo . It had really good graphics and a really good story . Halo 2 on the other hand has great graphics and a great story . Halo 2 offers more weapons and more vehicles to drive in . Some of the weapons are not as effective as they were in the origional Halo . For example , the plama pistol and the magnum hand gun are pretty weak . But , the all new weapons make up for that . The rocket launcher can now lock on to enemy vehicles and you can now use the Couvenant energy sword which makes a divistating kill . There are also certain gliches found in the game when you play it a lot . And I mean ... a lot. , which makes the game even more cool . Thanks for reading , and I hope my review came in handy . I have to go now because I 'm in the middle of playing Halo 2 . Nah I 'm just kidding . I 've already played this game three times already , and I do n't think that I 'll ever get tired of it .
 I really loved Halo . It had really good graphics and a really good story . Halo 2 on the other hand has great graphics and a great story . Halo 2 offers more weapons and more vehicles to drive in . Some of the weapons are not as effective as they were in the origional Halo . For example , the plama pistol and the magnum hand gun are pretty weak . But , the all new weapons make up for that . The rocket launcher can now lock on to enemy vehicles and you can now use the Couvenant energy sword which makes a divistating kill . There are also certain gliches found in the game when you play it a lot . And I mean ... a lot. , which makes the game even more cool . Thanks for reading , and I hope my review came in handy . I have to go now because I 'm in the middle of playing Halo 2 . Nah I 'm just kidding . I 've already played this game three times already , and I do n't think that I 'll ever get tired of it .
 Yes people . In my honest opinion it 's much better than Halo 3 . I played Halo 3 and beat it thinking it would show MC 's face ... it did n't . Furthermore , Halo 3 was boring , and unimpressive . Although the soundtrack was amazing , Halo 2 is better in ALL aspects . The story is amazing , multiplayer is phenomenal , and if you do n't have it already , I suggest you buy it this Christmas .5 / 5
 For starters , if you do n't like this game , you 're out of your right mind . It features great single-and-multi-player and has a somewhat compelling story . The story does n't quite beat the first Halo , but it come pretty dang close . Dual wielding can be extremely useful at times -LRB- and rather cheap -RRB- and is an easy thing for noobs on X-box Live . It barely ever lags and beats all other FPS 's . It even out-does 007 Goldeneye for the N64 . You can not beat its multiplayer and you almost ca n't beat its single player . Its got great weapons effects , though its graphics are n't the best . It sometimes lags in cut-scenes . It is UNBEATABLE . Bad graphics do n't matter as long as they do n't interfere with the gameplay so I do n't care if it has occasional lags . It works great and is a for-sure buy for anyone who has an Xbox . If you do n't have an Xbox , buy one for Halo 2
 Addictive ! You have to un-glue me from my seat to get me away from the TV . It 's really that enticing . I agree with most reviews that the single-player story line is weak , and the ending leaves a lot to be desired , but this game shines most where it 's supposed to ... the action . This is arguably the most fun and exciting first-person shooter to be played on any console . I have n't played any other game that gives you such an enormous sense of satisfaction when you stick covenant with a plasma grenade , or get that perfect sniper head shot -LRB- If you 're new to Halo , the manual explains everything about the weapons and gadgets , so there 's no need to worry -RRB- . The single-player campaign is nothing out of the ordinary . You get to play as the infamous Master Chief , who goes on a host of missions to save the Earth from destruction , etc. . . In between the Chief 's missions , however , you also get to play as a shamed Covenant Elite who is pretty-much the anti-hero up to a certain point in the game . It 's really confusing to follow the story , and how they intertwine both the characters ' paths is not very creative , but it 's not a movie , and again , it 's the action that counts most and makes it a wildly-entertaining experience.Here is something critical when it comes to this game ... if you have Xbox Live service , you will add about 70 % more fun to the gameplay . In fact , if you do have XBL , and you finish single-player , there is not much reason to replay the campaign -LRB- except for a bit of grunt-shooting fun -RRB- . Even though this game is not one of those massive multi-player games , the multi-player itself is like a game on its own.The interface is easy to use and the simplicity with which you can set up a party makes the multi-player all the more attractive . Sending voice messages and party invites is a snap -LRB- on some games you have to read the manual to find out how to send an invite -RRB- . You can also set up your character to look like an elite , or a spartan , and design your own custom icon that identifies you on people 's screens . The options are countless , and may sound intimidating , but tweaking the game to fit yourself is a lot of fun.Unfortunately , as with any ranked multi-player , there are problems . Cheating in matchmade sessions has become a problem that might deter some from playing anything but custom games . But , from slayer matches to some incredible glitching parties , rest assured that the custom games have so much to offer you 'll never be bored -LRB- Every map is detailed , well-designed , and visually stunning , more so if you are playing on a High Definition TV -RRB- . And if that 's not enough , there is also an expansion pack available now.In a library of all the best-rated Xbox games , this one is probably played the most . It would be a shame not to play this game , if not for Xbox Live , then for the single-player action .
 ok now the graphics for Halo 2 are very detailed and very realistic so I give the graphics 5 stars.The campaign mode for halo 2 is very fun , but it can get a little boring and sometimes hard after a while ; so I give the campaign mode 4 stars.The multiplayer mode for Halo 2 I give 2 thumbs up , 5 stars , and Bungie a pat on the back for such an awesome multiplayer mode and what would Halo be WITHOUT multiplayer mode ? Ugh ... . I shudder to think ... Sure they changed the weapons around a little but I think thats an IMPROVEMENT . Halo 2 has very nice -LRB- and fun -RRB- weapons so I give the weapons 5 stars -LRB- and my favoriate weapon is the awesome energy sword -RRB- Now the flaws ... : -LRB- 1 -RRB- the ending of campaign mode sucks2 -RRB- campaign mode can get boring3 -RRB- if you do n't have friends , do n't buy the game becausemultiplayer is the best feature of Halo 2 , and Halo 2would be garbage without itSo my point of view is that you should buy this game because Halo 2 is byfar the BEST game for Xbox . Keep up the great work Bungie!I hope that this review was helpful to youGod Bless
 Halo 2 is a top-notch FPS experience . It is not the `` Best game ever made '' , but if you ar an Xbox owner , you have to buy it . If you like FPSs , buy Halo 2 . IF you do n't , then you probably wo n't like it .
 When I played Halo 2 , it was like watching a movie . A CGI movie to be more specific . The graphics are awesome and highly realistic . The sound was like a chorus and a orchrestra put together . And some nice rock music put in it to . I love the gameplay too cause of dual shooting . The story was confusing at first but I figured it out in a hour . The multiplayer is awesome even though my brother and I do n't have Xbox Live . Overall if you like to buy a FPS then choose Halo 2 over anything else . Its a great game .
 I bought the first halo game and i liked the storyline but the multiplayer was ok . then halo 2 came out and i bought it and i loved the multiplayer and the storyline is ok . the best thing halo 2 has going for it is the live play . i highly doubt that if halo2 didnt have live then it wouldnt be as popular as it is . dont get me wrong it is a great game , but i dont think it is as good as some of these people say on here and everywhere else . the game tends to get a little old after awhile and u stop playing for a day or two and u want to play it again . that is what is kool because it never gets old . overall it is a great game .
 This game was alright but it could of been better this game was good until the end . Great features all I do is play the multiplayer . Ca n't wait till the 3rd one comes out .
 Halo 2 was one of -LRB- if not the -RRB- most anticipated video games ever and I found its wait well worth it . If you are looking for a great story , graphics , gameplay , multiplayer experience , etc , Halo 2 is the game for you.To all those who get this game , I strongly recomend that you get XBOX Live -LRB- if you do n't have it already -RRB- , because the multiplayer experience on `` Live '' is phenomenal.The only problem I found in the game was that the campaign was relatively short -LRB- yet very engaging -RRB- . It has also been said by few that Halo 1 was a better game . Although I recomend both , if anyone were to ask me to choose -LRB- Halo 1 or Halo 2 -RRB- , I would pick Halo 2 in an instant . The incredibly engaging campaign and extremely exciting multiplayer make the game one of my favorites .
 First off , I 'm going to get it out in the open - This game was hyped too much . For that reason alone , people , particularly xbox fanatics were starting to think of it as the Next Coming or something . The game , unfortunately , did not really satisfy all the grand expectations placed on it , but even so , it was still a very good game.To make this review as thorough as possible , I 'm going to break it down into categories.STORY
 Halo 2 is the best game ever made for the X-box , far better than Halo 1 . Xbox live makes multiplayer games fun again , instead of playing against the same people over and over again . I recommend to everyone even remotely interested in FPS , Action games , any other genres .
 In my opinion , both Halos are the MUST HAVES of any collection for all-time to come . Why?Because they represent , the best first person shooter I 've played . PLUS , on the advanced levels , which most people have yet to play , the game is very difficult . The AI Engine controlling the enemies is equivalent in most respects to playing your best friend right beside you guessing your every move . I never tire of conjuring up ways to beat it , to strategize attacks with tanks , banshees , warthogs , and other players.And when you tire of the single player or cooperative missions , you can hop online and jam with friends . Perhaps what 's made it so fun for me is finding other professional fanatics like myself . By day , I work hard , workout , and catch sports , and by night with what remains I 'll catch an hour or 2 of gameplay.Using the headset and playing co-op with a local friend is a great experience to strategize clan play . My buddy and I set up -LRB- 2 -RRB- tvs in the same room off a cable connection and are able to go toe to toe with guys online and not always rely on the headset.I ca n't over emphasize how great it is . * Awesome music soundtracks engage you in every mission . * Beautiful , deep , rich scenery . * Voice-overs from David Cross -LRB- comedian -RRB- and Michele Rodriguez -LRB- fast and the furious -RRB- . * Multiple weapon combinations . * An enemy that changes its tactics and is as near competitive as you.Yes the ending was trite , but does n't that leave more room for growth in the following game or games ? People got hooked to LOTR 2 , and even LOTR 1 , Star Wars
 Halo 2 is the best game since Halo Combat Evolved-period . I do not think the game is for children who do not know the difference between fantasy and reality . This is a game-nothing more . If your child is unable to realize this fact do not buy the game . The code that was written for this game is superb ! Please do not purchase this game if you are unable to understand that it is just that-a game .
 Hi if you dont want this game you can buy a cheese burger from me for $ 83 . Just dont pay me in coconuts cuz i 'm allergic to them !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Very good game , BUT ... Does n't live up to the hype . -LRB- I do n't particularly care about live or multiplayer , but I hear that is better . -RRB- Single player is WAY too short , and I have no interest in the ` Arbitor ' . Did n't buy a box with him on the cover , did I ?!!?!? I want the squads of Marines and I -LRB- as MC -RRB- to kill , destroy , maime , and wipe out the bad guys and maybe have a few twists and turns in the story line . Instead , I have a visualy superior , yet more claustrophobic `` re-skin '' of the first one played from THE WRONG SIDE.I think the fake , yet somehow feasable weaponry in the first along with the personality of the Marines -LRB- not being `` help me '' , but rather `` eat lead ! '' -RRB- , and Cortana made it work . Add the most beautiful music and open spaces and it was 100 % . This one removes that grand scope of what was Halo , and turned it into another uninspired sequel . -LRB- Halo Reloaded -RRB- The new weapons look plastic and very fake . There are no new `` Flood-like '' surprises ; When the first one has the Flood come out for the first time it was amazing ! Who ? What ? The whole premise was turned upside down . H2 just rehashes the same from the other side.A good game , but NOT better than the 1st , NOT better -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- than MOH
 I see listings on here time and time again regarding the graphical errors that are apparent in Halo 2 . However the reason for this is as such . Do you notice any load times throughout the game ? Except for when you first start the game up there are no load times at all , that is due to the fact that the next sage of the game loads during the cut scenes , therefore there are going to be problems with the Xbox hardware playing the cut scenes in real time , while at the same time loading the next level . Also if they used CGI for the cut scenes it would definitely take away from the feel of the game , having what you see in the cut scenes be the same as in the game you play is a huge plus in making the game more absorbing .
 I agree that Halo 2 is a blast to play . I only have one problem with it , and this one problem REALLY gets on my nerves . I 'm talking about the way one `` joins '' a multi-player game on xbox live . I get a headache each and every time !! You CA N'T just browse a list of servers like a normal game , nope . One selects `` optimatch '' and then sits and waits on average 5 minutes staring at the screen wondering if anyone is coming . The only way to play against the same players is to put them in your clan list . I like normal games where the players go from game to game . Not this game , once the map is over , process starts AGAIN . Thrust out into the lobby to wait another 5-10 minutes for the game to start . Very annoying . That being said , the game itself is a blast to play .
 I loved Halo one . I played it online on the computer all the time . One day my kids came in with it on X-Box . It took me forever to learn it with the controls . I was depressed . then I did ok in multiplayer mode and did not die as much playing against the kids . I even won a few . Then along came Halo 2 . I hated it at first , but my kids worked on me for a few days and I slowly got the hang of it . Some difference mainly the new maps . I now love useing the rocket launcher and the battle rifle . The rocket launcher now locks onto your vehicle targets . I made my own multiplayer game too . I take on my teenage boys . 2 against 1 . They drive the tanks and I use a rocket launcher . I win all the time hehe . Rules
 The campaign was ok . It was not that entertaining . But multiplayer on Xbox live is fantastic . It is easy to manage a clan and a friends list , it is easy to set up or join games , and it is also alot of fun to play with friends in one of the many maps that it offers . I love the game and yes , if you do play it hours on end it will get boring but if you play it mabye one or two hours a day , it is worth buying and you will get your moneys worth .
 Halo 2 is a great game but there are a few flaws.The graphics are pretty good but the facial animations suck . People are going to hate me for dissing this game but it IS THE most overated Xbox game of all time.Xbox Live is definately where this game shines brightest . Granted there are a few modders but I happen to be a professional glitcher . If you want to play to win , you play a normal game . If you want to glitch , play a game with a few likeminded friends or custom game.The story is almost identical to the first one except you get to play as the Covanant , and no matter how many times you play it the ending will still SUCK.RatingsGraphics :9 Sound :10 Replayability :5 Controls :10 Drawn In Atmosphere :8 Fun :8 Multiplayer , Co-Op :8 , Multiplay :10
 I always liked Halo ever since I played Halo 2 . I admit I do not own the game , but I do play it every chance I get at friends houses . I have beaten the game on legendary the hardest mode . I am a pro at the game . It captured me with its simplicity of controls and well done graphics . The sound is incredible and puts you in Spartan-117 -LRB- Master Cheif -RRB- s position . The multiplayer is incredible but has a very large downside . One word modders . There are people who have moddified this game to be completely unfair to the other player . Also it has large glitches that happen randomly . These are not comon but occur sometimes at the most crucial moments in campain . Its happend to me . Also people called stallers who stall there modems so they can move without anyone else moving . All of that aside , this game is great . Its rating does not concern me besides the language . Its slightly common in single player , yet on xbox live youl hear it alot . Trust me . The violence is not of much concern because where are kids going to get their hands on a energy sword?All in all , This game gets a 4 star .
 Halo 2 keeps so many people addicted . Only because it 's so fun . But the thing is , the only thing that does addict me is Xbox Live . But the first person shooter is like no other . It has its own taste that 's really different and unique from other shooters . Although I did n't like the storyline of Halo 2 as much as Halo , it 's still fun for the most inexperienced lovers of first person shooters .
 I have n't played all of the campaign , and I 'm playing it on co-op mode with my brother on easy difficulty . It 's cool how you play as the Covenant as well as humans . That is unique . The new weapons are cool -- the SMG and Battle Rifle are great , and the Energy sword is good . The maps for the campaign are good , except that its is tricky to find the next area to go to.Multiplayer has it all . I have only played split-screen , but that 's all I need . All the game modes are practical and unique , and I love it how your player model can be an Elite . I have n't got the Halo 2 map pack , but it was a good idea to make one , to give something fresh to the multiplayer players . The only other con I can think of is the ending , though I have n't seen it , I know taht it is terrible , and its only purpose is to set up for Halo 3 . But in all , this game is great !
 Halo 2 is the best xbox exclusive game by far . In fact , I bought an Xbox just to play this game along with its predecessor . I feel contrary to popular belief this is a better `` game '' than halo
 Again , I am writing on my mothers account , because I am too lazy to get my own . I was one of the people who did not expirience the wonders of Halo until last summer . Very sad , but that game was the best game I 've ever played . Halo 2 on the other hand was a little bit of a disapointment . I 'd been waiting to play this game right when I learned about it and as soon as I could , rented it from the video store and played it with a friend . We did get very far , but I was blown away by the amzing graphics . I couldnt wait to start saving Earth . Unfortunattly I had to return the copy , but my birthday was just around the corner and soon I was holding a copy that Oh so many people worshiped . I immediatly stuck it in my XBOX and was glued to the screen for about a week and was emersed in fragging galore . Soon though , I got extremly bored of the confusing Campain levels and was severly disapointed that you only get to spend two levels on Earth and that there are 8 more Halos to destroy . I loved the graphics and some of the levels are pretty fun , but the multiplayer and LIVE are enough of a reason to spend the 40-50 bucks for it . Now BRING ON HALO 3 !
 This is a very good game but no game is ever gon na be as good as the first halo . In this game the story line just like the last game it is really good . The graphics rule and im about to give away a spoiler but this game is different cause now you can play as the covenete you play against the flood . The game has a good ending because it sets up for the sequal witch is supose to come out on the xbox 360 so if you like halo 1 then definetly get this game .
 I just wanted to say that this game rocks !! No matter if your playing single player or online this is no doubt one of the better FPS ever created !!
 Well , people say that Halo 2 is the coolest game on the Earth and are totally indinial about the bad stuff . Sure it 's pretty cool but after you beat the game the first couple of times it get pretty old , I mean all you could really play it for , is for Xbox live and you 've got to pay for it . I 'm just letting you know that when you own Halo 2 make sure that your ready to pay for live and you 've got a little brother thats good at video games .
 I do n't care that much about videogames . I do n't even own a PlayStation , Xbox or Gamecube . But I went over to my friend 's house to play this game and was simply blown away . From the graphics to the plot to the advertising , everything about Halo 2 screams `` I ROCK ! I 'm the BEST videogame of all time ! `` When I first started this game , it was like slowly sinking into a warm bubblebath-warm and very , very enjoyable . Halo 2 opens with the commander of the alien forces that lost to the Master Chief in the first Halo videogame . He is being punished . Then , the game switches to shots of the Master Chief recieving medals back at Earth . Even little things like that make people really appreciate how much time and effort was put into making this game . But anyway , there 's a problem at Earth . The Covenant aliens have invaded and it 's up to the Master Chief-along with an A.I program and some really amazing weapons-to beat back the covenant and , once again , save Earth from total and certain destruction . Sounds cool to you ? You have absolutely no idea of how awesome the plot gets . But a good plot is almost worthless without good gameplay , and Halo 2 is the cream of the crop in that department.The control scheme is tight , elegant and simple enough to become second nature in an hour or so . The option of dual-wielding weapons adds a whole new dimension to the game , as dual-wielding can hinder as well as help . You have to drop a weapon to throw a grenade or use a melee attack . And you know what ? It makes it even better to see explosions and kills in the terrific graphics that Halo 2 has.Halo 2 is n't THE most gorgeous console game ever , but it 's definitely within the top ten . The plasma sword glitters with amazing detail , shadows are picture perfect and the backgrounds as well as foregrounds are beautiful as well as 100 percent destructible . Eye candy ? Check . Gameplay candy ? Check . Plot candy ? Check . But even with all those great things , you 're still left wondering , `` Why does Halo 2 sell so well ? '' The answer is in the ads.Halo 2 had one of the best advertising schemes of any move or videogame ever . When you looked through a magazine you would see the small but brilliant adds . You know the hyper-stylised `` O '' from the title ? The ads showed that O with a 2 inside it . Then underneath , the realease date . For those who did n't know what the O stood for , Microsoft could n't care less.But , all in all , Halo 2 is n't so much a game as a work of art . Hey , go grab a copy . Game on .
 This game is good from beginning to end . A new addition is being able to form a profile as a Spartan or Elite . In the campaign mode you play as the Covenant Arbiter and as Master Chief . The online play is great but modders can spoil games . This game is great if you love FPS 's but if blood makes you queezy and putting the butt of your gun into an alein is bad you will hate this game . The game is kind of short , I beat it in 8 hours of play .
 You got ta be crazy!I play this game religiously , and even if you get tired of the story mode , -LRB- yea , the story was kind of a let down -RRB- , there 's always the online multiplayer -LRB- which you can tell , was really what the game was made for ... -RRB- ... Also , there are so many other `` little things '' about the game , that those of you who think the end of the game is the end of the game are incorrect , like the skulls , the scarab gun , and many other hidden tricks you can do ... This is the best game I 've played in a VERY long time , and I play a lot of video games ... Buy it , it is very worth it...-Chris -
 i love this game alot . me and my freinds play it all the time . we ca n't seem to get enough of it . here are some aspects of the game i liked and disliked ... ok , well , first the single player
 I bought this game as soon as it came out , and i played quite often and it took me 3 months to beat it !! ... i have to admit i am not one of those guys who play it for 70 hours straight and beat it -LRB- no offense to those of you who are those people -RRB- , but i did play about everyday ... This is a great all around game , i havent enjoyed a video game this much since Mario 64 ... I would definetly recomend this game
 I just got to the part where In Amber Clad gets out of Slip-Space and you get to the second Halo . I would say that it is the best game ever . You would like it not only because of the graphics , but the characters voices , the AI , the fun and the feel . It not only feels like Halo 1 , but like a brand new game that is FREE ! I have already played a few Multi-player games on-line , and it was great fun ! If you do n't have an XBOX , Halo 2 is a great reason to buy one !
 Over all i think Halo 1 beats this game . i do n't own it but my friend dose . i think the first had some better action and just overall a better game to play . Halo 2 is better in grapghics , the knew chatacters and vehicles , playing the Elites , and overall preformance . there are some new weapons but most of it 's the same . but a halo fan should most definitely buy this game in my opinion ...
 This game was not only god it was great ; the Bungie developers can brag about them having the best the 1st person shooter -LRB- for now -RRB- . The game was great but at times it seemed like you finished the level too quickly and thought
 This clearly beats the first one by a long shot . The graphics , the characters , the plot ; all are brilliant I might say and I went to college to study stuff like this , so its a good buy ! My first words were `` oh my god . ''
 You may be suprised that I 'm a 10 year old kid thats absessed with Halo 2 , but I can still tell you how amazingly AWESOME this game is.In my opinion it should be rated T.Its not THAT violant.I mean , half of it is blue blood!Now , back to how AWESOME this game is . Its really , really , really , really -LRB- ect . -RRB- fun.I like going up on high platforms and controlling machine guns.It has a very wide selection of weopons including , bazookas , machine guns , atomic bombs , and so on.I have a great warning for you little , small , dinky type kids out there , this game is probably NOT good for you.If your parents let you play it , you have bad parents -LRB- no offense -RRB- . I think this game pretty much beats Metroid prime as well.This is also my fave game ever ! Exept for the fact that I do n't have xbox and I 've only tried a demo at a store ... so ... I 'VE GOT TA GO ! BYE -LRB- this game -RRB- !
 this game is awesome , the guy who said all 1st person shooters are the same , you 'll burn in hell
 i got halo 2 the day it came out and loved it ever sinced but this game would of been crap if it did n't have xbox live and there makeinh halo 3 for xbox next witch is $ 500 so dont sell your xbox if you have halo 2 wait till the price goes down !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Halo 2 was a good game , exceptional by my standards , sure it was a hassle getting through the level with the lack of defenses ... but geez ... I personally liked this game for these reasons-Good gameplay , remniscent of Halo TwT-Solid sound and graphics-Good storyMy gripes...-Semi-repetitive gameplay-Dual weilding clutters up the m *********** g screen ! - The health system is harder to deal with ... TwT but that 's okay , Masta Chief 's still gangsta...P.-Friggin-S . - Samwise , you 're entitled to your opinion , albeit a very idiotic one ... but your misconception of us being `` retards '' is based off of non-concrete evidence and your lack of tolerance for other people 's opinions . I understand that you believe we are , but seriously , go back to lonely nights with vaseline , kleenex and a copy of `` The Rocky Horror Picture Show '' , because with an attitude like that , you obviously have no friends , life , or parents to teach you manners that and you apparently need a girlfriend . Same goes to anyone else who rags a game and ca n't do any better . So to all of you I 'd like to say you 're not worth being called retarded because poor Terry Schiavo does n't deserve to be associated with people unable to do stuff with a fully functioning brain , so shut up , and do n't blow my Xbox high !
 for some stupid reason , here 's the location of all the scarbs from ninja gaidenCHAPTER 1-2No scarabsCHAPTER 31 . Airship
 This game is an average FPS , but the fun of it is you always have competition on xbox live
 first of all hey scott if you do n't like halo 2 the suck it you jacka $ $ and go and play with your p ### y gamecube.halo 2 is a great game i am not done with it yet because i havnt spent alot of time on it but now i am , hope to finish it soon.if you do n't have halo 2 then go and buy it now .
 The gamplay is great it has new weapons new vehicles and you can hold to weapons at a time . It has great music the story is good.But the game is way to short i won it in just 2 days !!!!!!! everything about the game is great execpt its to shortI recomend it completlyalthough i hope the make the sequel longerits a great game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Anyone who even just liked the first game will love this game so much they will play it for over 30 hours . This is the best game ever because it has better graphics , gameplay , better AI , and a better storyline than the first one . All I have to say after beating it is WOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this game sucks , i hate you , and i hate the games you like !!!
 Halo is the best game ever . Not enough hours in a day to play it . Highly addictive , fun MP experience , smart single player AI , wonderful graphics , interesting plot , everything right in the right proportion . Ca n't get any better , but I suspect Bungie/MS will pull a miracle in H3 .
 I 've been playing computer/video games since 1980 , a long time . In that time I 've gone through all the consoles -LRB- except the turbo grafix 16 -RRB- and play tons of computer games . Halo and Halo 2 are great games . In both , there are things to dislike . The first is too short and the levels repeat . In the second the field of view seems a bit too tight . This game is great , it looks great and runs very fluidly . The game has perhaps the most annoying ending ever for a game -LRB- it makes me want to burn bungie studios down -RRB- . It has much better level design , and the ability to finally get to play as an elite . I have spent thousands of hours playing Halo at LAN parties with my friends and am having one -LRB- my first -RRB- for Halo 2 on Dec 4th . If you are in the Lacey area , drop me a line and swing on by . The multiplayer options for Live need work , badly , but the game is so much fun to play with others that I can live with them . Lots of people , especially fan boys for other systems are going to bash the game , but if you have an Xbox and like FPS games , then give Halo 2 a whirl.see you online , right before I kill yougamertag Munkeeonefeel free to add me to your friends list .
 Better Graphics , better gameplay , better repeat , better storyline , more weopons , more vehicles , more aliens , more add-ons , more accessories ... what more could u want , best game in stores right now ... san andreas is 2nd ... Graphics - 5/5Controls - 5/5Repeat - 5/5Gameplay - 5/5Length - 4/5
 Must I say anything ? This game ROCKS !! If you do n't have it , it 's either because you do n't have an Xbox , or you suck . And if you do n't have an Xbox , you suck ! Buy it . Play it . Love it .
 This game clearly rocks ! For all of the reviewers who said that the game was too short , complete it on the legendary mode before you have the audacity to make such claims . You will get your -LSB- ... -RSB- handed to you on a silver platter !!!!! Only a true Halo enthusiast who completed Halo 1 on the legendary mode could appreciate what a great game this really is . In closing , I reiterate that all of you complainers complete the game on the legendary mode before you speak !
 Campain was sorter and had a really lame and sudden ending . Great new weapons , vehicles , and levels . Great graphics . Fun new characters . Ca n't wait for Halo 3 .
 Before I played this game , I was skeptical . By the looks of some of the pics , it looked like they had changed a LOT of stuff . The thing is , they did n't really change anything , they just added to the old game and made what was already there better . It breaks down like this.Graphics - Absolutely amazing . I could n't possibly see how they could improve from the first Halo , but they did . The Most noticible things are the attention to detail of the charecters , weapons , and interactable objects . Also the scenery is just as beautiful as ever , if not , better.Gameplay - TWENTY times better than the first Halo . Like I said , they did n't change anything , they simply enhanced it . In Halo 2 , you can weild two weapons at once , with some restrictions of course . You can hold down both the L and R triggers and fire both weapons simultaneously , or for instance , fire one plasma rife until it overheats , then fire the other until that one overheats , and by the time the second one overheats the first one is cooled off . The only down side , once you press Y the switch weapons , you loose your secondary weapon , and when you press B to do melee damage , you loose the second weapon . But a skilled Halo player would know when to dual weild and when not to . Also , you can hijack vehicles . You 'll find that you wont be able to do this a whole lot , but it 's a lot better than trying to aim your gun solely on the driver just to take it from him . Another thing is your sheilds have improved , but you have no health . when your sheild is down you can only be hit like 5 or six times before you die . All in all , it has the same feel as the original Halo , which is a very good thing.Levels - The levels are also way better in this sequel . In the campaign mode in the first Halo , a lot of times you may feel the dungeons get a little repetitive and boring after a while . But not here . You hardly see the same room twice and when you do it 's a pattern that doesnt repeat for long . The environment is more interactive than it was , and the level just basically feel more interesting and complex rather than repetitive and generic.Weapons - Halo would n't be Halo without the weapons . In the first one , we get a pretty generic selection . Human weapons
 This game is so awesome it is un describable The graphics are literaly real the weapons are above and beond this game truelyKICKS ASS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is so awesome ! Instead of writing a long review , I 'll simply have you read my title again . You wo n't regret it !!!
 My friends and I all had a lot of fun w / the game . I would buy it for family for Christmas if they did n't already have it -LRB- who does n't -RRB- . Pros : Graphics good except sometimes slow in loading.Weapons are very cool and there are lots of 'em . Xbox live just has to be on the pros.the new vehicles are just pure fun . You can custimize your guy and there are tons of other cool things i dont have time to list.Cons
 id like to say if anyone is against this game because of its violence , have probably never played it , and have never seen a good game , its a must buy
 You indeed can play the campaign mode with a buddy over x-box live.When the title screen first comes up you must enter the following code.up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , a , b , a , b , start.Then you can play multiplayer and you get 30 lives !!
 if you like video games you will like this game . thats all there is to say .
 This has to be the best console game ever . . PERIOD.Not only is the AI maginificent , graphics , music are PERFECT !! This game has it all , BUNGIE has done a job no other developer can pull off , a true masterpiece in the making.I can not wait for the XBOX2 , as HALO3 will be the best experience ever to hit this planet , after HALO2 and HALO !
 This is the best game ever I think in the world !! It never gets boring , But in campaign mode it is kind of short on easy mode ! If you read this please say this was helpful to you PLEASE !!!!!!
 HALO 2 IS TIED WITH THE ORIGINAL HALO FOR MY FAVORITE VIDIO , COMPUTER , OR BOARD GAME . THE NEW HALO HAS MANY NEW FEATURES FROM THE NEW ONE.PROS :1 . YOU CAN DUEL WIELD GUNS .2 . IN SOME LEVELS YOU ARE A ELITE .3 . NEW/ALTERED ENAMIES , WEAPONS , AND VIECLES4 . EXTREEMLY FUN .5 . 14 THRILLING LEVALS .6 . 13 BAMBOOZALING HEAD TO HEAD MAPS .7 . ON EARTH AND IN SPACE .8 . LESS OF FILTHY FLOOD THAN ORIGANULE .9 . YOU CAN TAKE OVER VIECLES INSTEAD OF WORRERING ABOUT JUST KILLING THE DRIVER AND NOT THE VIECLE .10 . CAN SWICH GUNS WITH MARINES INSTEAD OF KILLING THEM.ENERGY SHIELD REBUTES INSREAD OF GETTING HEALTH .11 . IN HEAD TO HEAD YOU CAN CHOOSE IF YOU ARE A ELITE OR A MASTER CHIEF .12 . BASSICALY SAMECONTROLS AS ORIGANOL.CONS :1 . NOT AS HARD AS FIRST HALO2 . PISTAL IS BAD3 . HIGH PRICETIP :1 . GET THIS GAME2 . GET HALO 2 GUIDE3 . USE DUEL WIELD WHEN EVER POSSIBLE4 . WHEN USINGDUEL WIELD FIRE ONE GUN AT A TIME .5 . DO N'T KILL MARINES UNLESS THEIR TAKEN OVER BY FLOOD6 . PLAY WITH FREINDS , IT IS MORE FUN .7 . DO N'T USE A MAGNUM -LRB- PISTAL -RRB- 8 . AGAINST FLOOD DO N'T USE A HUMAN WEAPON UNLESS YOU HAVE TO OR IT IS A SHOTGUN .9 . AGAINST FLOOD SHOTGUN IS THE BEST GUN BUT HAVE A BACK UPAND RELOAD WENEVER POSSIBAL .10 . IT IS GOOD TO HAVE GERNADES .11 . WHEN POSSIBLE USE A VIECLE OR TEURRENT BECAUSE OF UNLIMATED AMO .12 . IT IS BEST TO TAKE OUT VECHILS AND HUNTERS THAN BRUTES AND ELITES FOLLOWED BY JACKLES THAN GRUNTS AND FINALY DRONES AND PROPHETS .13 . LEADERS ARE PRABILY THE STRONGEST .
 HAlo 2 is an awsome game the shooting the aliens bood its has great grapics The end is to becontiued but it is -LSB- awesome -RSB- -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Halo 2 . Wow . I 'm a girl which is usually synonymous with hating violent shooting video games but , wow , Halo 2 rocks . My boyfriend has been a huge Halo fan since the early days of Halo 1 . I tried to get into it too but , I just could n't . I was n't very good and , it was hard to get used to . But man , Halo 2 is much more beginner friendly and I 'm getting the hang of it much easier . I played it today and already you can see the improvement . Plus , it 's so cool because of all the new guns and maps . Really now , get Halo 2 and bond with your significant other . -LRB- Let her win sometimes , it will REALLY improve the relationship ! -RRB-
 Well this game is amazing . It took a few days for my copy to arrive , but I just rented the game so I could play while I was waiting . Now I am playing it and it is amazing . Graphics are great and the loading times are so short it is amazing . The only thing that pisses me off is the fact that it takes a long time to join an opti-match when you are playing online . Otherwise it is great . All those people that said it is too short either need to play with a high difficulty level , or they all said it took them two days . For them , two days is 48 hours of pure playing halo 2 . If you can complete a game in 48 hours of non-stop playing , it isnt short . I have n't finished it yet because I have been playing on Live , so I do n't have any coments on the ending . Final vertict , GET THE GAME AND GET IT FAST .
 This is what FPS games are supposed to be . Its Halo and more . More action , more weapons and the Covenant is in full force . If you like first person shooters , you will love Halo 2 .
 This game is way better then the first halo.You can get dual weild , which is when u can put two small guns together and u can shoot them both at the same time witout cange back and forth between guns . Also in this one your health fills up quicker than the first halo . There are a few new weopons in this game . The story line is aweosme . A few times in the game you switch over to an alien and your not a human . The coolest thing is that u can get on top of an alien vehicle and start punching them till the fall out of the vehicle . You can get a sword in this game and as soon as u hit a person with it theyll die instantaly . Well im goin to show u the pros and cons about this gamePROS : gunswehiclesgraphicsstory linegameplaymultiplayerCONS : You can only hold 2 weopons
 Next time please show the correct cover of the video game and not a fake one to lure buyers . I received the platinum edition and it states that this is the standard which is not . If I knew this was the one I was getting I would of never bought it .
 First of all you peopel do n't know what you are saying . This game is really great . And it takes a lot of skill . What were you playing it on easy or something ?! I love this game . And , oh , I 'm not an idiot if I like it .
 If you do n't have this game at this point in time , you should be ashamed.The only reason to play this game is for XBOX live , just to let you know .
 I 'm a big fan of the first Halo and I love the Red vs. Blue series online ! I have also always been a big fan of first person shooters . So , I may be a bit biased about Halo 2 . There is no doubt that I love it!My opinion is that Halo 2 is the most-fun shooter game available.It 's the right combination of pretty graphics , playablity , and tough action with some humor.The aliens have gotten more interesting for sure and the new weapons - it 's like being a kid on Christmas morning again . The layouts of the areas to explore and fight in are really impressive.Hijacking a vehicle from one of the aliens is a bit tough to do , but adds excellent possibilites to the game!I have not played the multi-player deathmatch yet , but being able to customize my character - or even play one of the aliens looks really cool!With that said , a few things are less than perfect . You start out with some very dark areas to play through and the headlamp does not last very long . Not a big deal , but a little annoying.I have found no problems in the game , but I noticed a few minor glitches in the cinematics . I chalk that up to Bungie trying to get the game out the door on time , so I do n't mind .
 a week before this game came out i told my friend that on november 9th i will fail out of school . he asked why . i told him HALO 2 is coming out and im going to play it for a week straight . what i said is happening . this game has so many things better then the first halo that i just cant stop playing . its got the dual guns which i think is so awesome . and the new aliens are so cool . i like the fact that its on earth an a city block it make you feel more comfortable when im playing . i would write more but i have to go play right now . if you have xbox buy halo 2 now because it wont be in stores for another 3 months . BYE BYE and have fun playing HALO 2
 There are some issues when playing Halo 2 on an Xbox 360 . This is because the Xbox 360 has to use an emulator layer to run Halo 2 . So there are two problems ; -LRB- 1 -RRB- it 's slow , not a lot , but it does n't play as well as Halo 3 and 4 do on an Xbox 360 . -LRB- 2 -RRB- There is a `` burn in '' or `` shadow '' effect that plagues many of the levels.Other than that the gameplay is what you 'd expect in Halo . You 've got all the regular weapons and vehicles . It does get a little boring at times due to repetition , and the ending is less than spectacular . But as a middle game in the Halo series , it 's fine for those that like the Halo game style .
 The first Halo was a great game . 2 just builds upon the success of the original . Instead of just putting the player in the shoes of the Master Cheif again , Halo 2 expands it 's horizons by adding a new protagonist , the disgraced Covenant warrior the Arbiter . Sent on almost suicidal missions to make up for his past failures , you get to fight alongside your former enemies in the quest to reclaim your lost honor . The Cheif is n't neglected , you 'll have plenty of opportunities to blast your way across both Earth and Halo to save humanity . This time around , your enemies will range from revolting parasites to insectoid aliens and the annoying Sentinel 's larger cousins . Environments are much more varied than Combat Evolved , including Earth and a Covenant city ship . Weapons have also been given a touch-up . Both the human and alien arsenals have been rounded out and expanded . You can additionally use two smaller guns at the same time , exchanging the ability to throw grenades and longer range weapons for increased short range firepower . Other upgrades are vehicle boarding , better graphics , and slightly more realistic physics . This is a great game , and I highly recommend it to fans of the first one or fans of shooting games in general .
 With the release of Halo 4 , I played through every HALO in order . It is a great way to relive the series . I could n't find HALO 2 at any retail or used video game store and Amazon was the easiest solution .
 I have all 4 Halo games , but this one is my favorite . My Son got me hooked on these games and they are all great -LRB- I just got Halo 4 -RRB- . When this copy of Halo 2 gets worn out , I will be looking for another one !
 The campaign for Halo 2 was -LRB- and is -RRB- the best one there has been . Halo 4 's campaign may be better , but if you want to catch up on the story , buy this .
 I 've played through all the Halo games and am currently replaying through them . I love each and every game and this one is also great ! I especially like that I can dual wield certain guns and that there are new weapons and vehicles that I can drive . Great game and fun for hours !
 The game Halo 2 rocks it is so cool when you have to kick alein butt while being chased by the flood . It is cool and volient and scary and there is little things called Grunts and they say funny things like `` Demon ! '' and `` Come out and fight ! '' but what is more funny is that after you kill them the overreat .
 This game has been awaited for so long , and it was a great game , yet the first 4 or 5 levels are boring . A fun game .
 This games tops the first by a long shot . The weapons are all better except the shotgun is n't as good as the first one from distances . But the new Battle Rifle is awesome and the SMG 's kick butt . The new multiplayer maps all top the first games . Coagulation is sweet , Lockout , basically all levels are awesome . I think the graphics are great , the plot is great , the characters are great . I like Master Chief 's new armor better than his old armor . The only part I do n't like about it is how it ends , I just wanted to keep playing and finish the fight once and for all , I guess I 'll just have to wait for Halo 3 , which will probably top this game by a long shot . But I love playing multiplayer in my spare time because it 's just so fun to play this game . If you do n't have this game or the first Halo , ***** GET THEM NOW ***** because you 're missing out big time . This is surely the best shooter series available today , and with Halo 3 probably will be for a long time .
 woa metal gaear solid 3 snake eater is probably the best game ... EVER !!!!!!! man when i played i was thinking hmmm much better than sons of liberty . GREAT GAME !!!!!
 I got halo 2 the day it came out and it was amazing ! despite some flaws it surpasses halo 1 easily . One thing i ca n't understand is why some other reviewers hate the arbiter so much . I actully like playing as him better than i like to play as master cheif because of the arbiters active camofladge . it made some extremely hard parts of the game easier to just turn invisible and attack my enimes from behind . I also disagree about dual-weilding . when i dual-weild , i forget i even have grenades because 2 guns are so much more effictive . my favorite dual-weilds are 2 needlers or 2 brute plasma rifles . Heres some improvements they should make for halo 3
 What are you people thinking ! HALO 2 is awsome ! Seriously , this game is much better than the first ! It has more features on all modes , new weapons * including my favorite , the sword * new vehicles * like the Wraith and spectre * , duel weapons , and alot more levels ... AND THATS JUST MULTIPLAYER ! This also has Online features so you can play multiple gameplays online with other users . Plus the Campain is much longer ... to those morons who said the first was better read this and think about how foolish you 've been ... and halo 3 will be even better !! G-G-G-GUNIT !!
 People are so creative . I love how gamers will take a set game and make their own fun with it.Last night I got into a room with a bunch of guys my age who had come up with their own Halo variant called Zombie.In short , everybody joins the red team except for one guy who makes himself the sole member of the green team.He is the zombie , and he goes and hides in a dark place , while the red team spreads out and looks for him.Usually , the zombie manages to kill a member of the red team , who then must switch to the green team and become a zombie himself . After a few minutes of this , the zombies begin to outnumber the red team and the tables are turned as the hunters become the hunted . Often this results in the last few red team members getting trapped up on a rooftop while all the zombies mill around below , trying to figure a way to get at them . To heighten the suspense , the guys who are zombies actually run around moaning , `` brains , brains , brains '' like in the zombie movies.In one epic match from last night , I was one of the few remaining red team members and I was trapped high on top of a pitched roof . The two other reds were also stuck up a tree , but we could see each other with our binoculars and talk to each other through our headsets , so I would worn them if I saw zombies approaching their positions , and of course they would do the same for me.They warned me that all the zombies had grouped together and were rushing my position , and sure enough , `` brains , brains , brains '' and the greens started swarming below my hold out , they could only come at me one at a time so I used a shotgun to blow them off the roof , and the tossed a grenade into a group of them and killed three in one blast . All the while , the other reds were watching with their binoculars and cheering me on.The zombies always win in the end , ammo runs out or they manage to rush you , but it 's great fun and I 'm sure far beyond what the original designers intended.It 's fun to see how the public comes up with their own ideas , and then a group of total strangers can all agree to the rules.There is a website for Halo players over 30 called geezergamers.com and it is perfect for those who wish to go online and enjoy this incredible Halo experience without getting cussed out by an 11 yr . old . If you have an xbox and a Live subscription , Halo2 is really a game you should n't be without . The online multiplayer alone is worth the $ 50 , but then the campaign with co-op play just doubles the value . More please !
 i cant say how great this game is so all you people who are dising this i say puck you . For those of you who havent played the game PLAY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!
 all make this short the first halo was a hell of a game but halo 2 was kinda a dissapointment .1 -RRB- I rememeber when I saw the e3 trailer at www.gametrailers.com and I was like OMG . why isnt the e3 level in halo 2 or maybe it 's halo 3.2 -RRB- the 3 new warhogs had halo graphics but ATV had bopmaping so why isnt it in the game ? it was one of the halo 2 pictures when I check out the bungie site3 -RRB- I didnt like the ending at all is halo 3 in works an when you beat it on legendary at the very end of the credits you seea very cool easter egg saying COMING FEBURARY 9 what does that mean?IT HAS A VERY GOOD MULTIPLAYERGRAPHIC
 This a a great game . That is if you dont expect to beat it on Legendary . I beat on normal and beat the last level on legendary to see if there was an alterneate ending like the first game . Well there isnt but the point of this is to exprees the severe anger , annoyance , and hatred I feel toward this game on legendary . It is not possible to get past the cairo level on legendary , I have spent a week yes one week on the Cairo station and cant beat it on Legendary . The 2nd hanger is impossible , I have literally spent well over ten hours dying and respawning on how to beat this part and have failed every time . I have yet to even come close . I love this game but If I ever saw the designers Id kick them in the balls repeatedly , I takes all the fun outta this game . WHo wants to spent two weeks beating one level . Replay value should be where its at but when you have to skip around the damn game to play levels you can beat well that sucks . Legendary sucks . Took me 3 hours to beat the last level on legendary . Plasma weapons are the only way to even get close . Great game , buy it , love it , play it to death , but dont expect legendary like the first Halo which was still a breeze . Expect to cuss , scream , be distempered and throw your controller at least a dozen times .
 PEOPLE are so stipid when they try to tell you how stipid this is!BECAUSE its not!IT bets the first one 10 times over.SO awsome I just want to cry!best game I ever played!BUT it gets boring if you do n`t have friends to play it with .
 this game is very fun if you are looking for a great 1st-person shooter this might be the game for you . And MANY PEOPLE play this on xbox - live ! If you ca n't play online I will tell you some stuff about this game . Your Spatan 117 -LRB- The Master Chief -RRB- you must defend the earth from the Covenant Army . You and the last Merines on the Earth must stop the Covenat before its to late ! There are many weapons like the M6C Pistol , BR55 Rifle , M7/Caseless Sub Machine Gun -LRB- SMG -RRB- , S2 AM Sniper Rifle , M19 SSM Rocket Launcher , M90 Shotgun , M9 HE-DP Fragmetation Grenade , and many other weapons . But all I 'm trying to say is that Halo 2 is a great game !!!
 The kids say the Marines ' language is a little stronger in Halo 2 than the original Halo . Quick shipping - good price .
 Great fun , only wish Halo 3 were available for X-Box2 . Always have fast , super service from Amazon .
 I purchased Halo 2 following all the hype over Halo 3 . I beat Halo 1 a few years back and wanted to beat Halo 2 to get myself up to date . I currently only have a regular Xbox and am planning to purchase an Xbox 360 in order to play Halo 3 . Overall , I would rate Halo 2 an excellent game and would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes playing first-person games .
 why play Halo ? do n't ask me . but it 's graphics are the best -LRB- only because i dont have a ps3 or a 360 -RRB- and the plot will leave you drooling for the next one.The good things :1 . instead of sticking solely on the master chief bungie gave a new name to the covenent ; The Arbiter . altough the name sounds strangely boring it suits him well .2 . Master chief has a fancy more hell shooter looking suit that i thoght looked like a major improvement from the old one .3 . the new weapons were great and i love the homing rocket -LRB- great for other spartains and Banshees ! -RRB- along with the plasma energy lasts longer unlike halo 1.4 . the background annd the foreground were amazing . tons of details into everything.The bad1.there is a annoying glitch where people disappear and appear in the cut scenes2.The poor assault rifle -LRB- what happened to it ? -RRB- 3 . all of a sudden it makes the humans look as if they 're winning and then ... good-bye earth !
 If you do n't think this game is fun you have been living under a rock .
 This game is fun to play online -LRB- when you find the right crowd to play with that is ! -RRB- for awhile . But even that gets a bit old as you play through the same levels for the 1,000,000 time.Campaign mode is a huge dissappointment . You can tell that all the focus was put into the online part when in development . The campaign mode felt like it was thrown on at the last minute . You could n't be the star of the show most of the time which was a huge letdown . Think playing a Metroid game without being Samus or a Zelda game without you being Link . You have to give your franchise hero a bit more playing time when that is what people are buying your game for . Halo fans want to be MC not some side character for most of the game.I 'd honestly suggest Half Life 2 over this game . Mostly because you get a game that has great online and a great single player campaign .
 This is the by far , my favorite game . Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys FPS 's .
 It is nice because it allows multiple players . It has different levels . It allows the players to interact with each other .
 Fell short due to expectations being to high . If you liked the first one , then this game is a must . The graphics are a little better , but there are also more bugs now . The story is not a good as the first one , but it still keeps you interested . I like that you also are playing through half the levels as an Elite . It keeps things interesting , and makes up for lack of plot twists . The cutscenes are much better in this game , and much more frequent . This time around you get to see the story unfold from both sides -LRB- humans and covenant -RRB- . In short if you enjoyed the first game , this game continues the greatness . With some things being improved . If you are n't expecting revolutionary things , than you will be more than satisfied . This game is well worth 50 dollars .
 Okay , I got this game the day it came out by preordering it.Let me tell you something , It is THE BEST GAME ON XBOX!It has so many new improvements since the first game.It has 6 new vehicles and new upgrades to the original ones.And the graphics are just so great.The game takes full advantage of Xbox 's powerful hard drive.It also has online play on Xbox Live.Online play people!It has new downloadable content if you have Xbox Live like 11 new maps.I 've played Halo 2 for the whole time I got it.It just never gets boring.You know what?Just go to the gamestore or whatever , and buy this great game!Forget about what the other reviews say.I read them and they are a bunch of lies.Get the game now !
 Halo 2 is a great game . It just did not wuite reach what everyone expected . That does not mean that what is there is bad . The Live portion of the game is genius , this is what propels this game to 5 stars . The graphics , improved . The Sound and music , amazing . The story , well , lets not go there . No game is perfect but by pure fun and addictiveness Halo 2 is the drug of choice .
 I was n't a fan of the first Halo . I thought it was an `` all right '' game , but I 'd played better , and I thought the story could have been better , too.Then , I stood by the sea of upcoming games , waiting for the next Halo title to lap at my ankles . And so I was completely unprepared - utterly and completely ripped away - by the title wave that called itself Halo 2 . The game is just amazing . The single-player campaign ? `` Well-done '' is putting it midly . This baby was was cooked in an oven that makes volancoes feel like ice freezers . The gameplay is just incredible - of course it 's mostly just `` shooting '' - it is a FPS , after all . But the graphics , the music , the atmosphere - everywhere you look , they put some beautiful detail in the game , something that makes you honestly feel like you 're THERE , you 're fighting against this Covenant army . You never feel like you 're just `` shooting aliens '' to clear a room and get to the next level . It feels wrong just to TYPE that sentence in a review of Halo 2 . From being able to dual-wield weapons , to sneaking up behind an alien Grunt , and having it turn around and JUMP in surprise when it sees you , to listening to your fellow soldiers bicker and tease each other about the situation at hand - it 's just one incredible exprience.My ONLY complaint about the game is that , sometimes , it gets hard to know where you should go for your next objective . There 's no map/compass in the game , and you do n't always have Cortana with you to mark where your next objective is -LRB- Yes ... the game is THAT beautiful , where even showing objectives is treated so it makes sense in-game -RRB- . There is a `` Misson Objectives '' list that can be accessed by hitting Pause , but it 's still hard to discover where , exactly , you have to go to accomplish them.The game flows in a pretty linear matter , however - there 's not a whole lot of places to get lost in the levels . That 's not to say that they 're small , just that they 're so well-made that you always know exactly where to go next . And sometimes , you do need to do a little exploring to get to the next objective ... and , once in a while , that `` little exploring '' turns into a rather frustrating experience.And , yes , the ending was rather abrupt . I was literally holding the controller in my hands , all pumped up to have the final , epic battle - when the credits popped up . And if you stay for AFTER the credits , you 'll see a movie that really , REALLY makes you want to get up and shake your Xbox , or open the Halo 2 box and look for the second disc that surely must be inside.But - hey . It 's a series . And you should always leave the audience wanting more . Just the fact that you DO want more is a sign of how truly unique and compelling this wonderful FPS is.My ONLY other complaint about the game is its length - I never bought this game . I rented it for five nights . I beat it in two . But , I did not buy it for its multiplayer - only the single-player . And Halo 2 's single player is such an awesome experience ... buy it , by all means - especially if you plan on playing multiplayer at all , which will add weeks -LRB- if not months -RRB- to the game 's `` life . `` But an experience like this does n't really need to have a `` life . '' It was short , yes - but it gave me everything I could ever ask for out of a $ 50 . I plan on buying it in the near future , just to own this incredible masterpeice .
 The best game I 've ever played ! The most amazing XBOX Live experience you can have!GRAPHICS ... 5 STARS -LRB- Get an HDTV -RRB- SOUND ... 5 STARS -LRB- Get a 5.1 system -RRB- MUSIC ... 5 STARSACTION ... 5 STARSGAME PLAY ... 5 STARSSTORY ... 4 STARS -LRB- Doh ! Cliffhanger ending ... but still good -RRB- MULTIPLAYER ... 5 STARS -LRB- Get XBOX Live -RRB-
 This game is amazing , visually , sonically , and gameplayally . :-RRB- I ca n't stop playing it . I held off on buying a ps2 or xbox until now , but after seeing some screen shots , and after how fun Halo was on PC , I had to splurge . Halo on XBOX compared to PC was slightly lacking , but I have to say the speed of Halo 2 and the graphics out do any other game I have seen on XBOX . Buy it . Now .
 Dont get me wrong , its still Halo , but its not Halo on fire going 1000 miles per hour with ninja 's chasing it , Like Bungie Said . I do n't really understand all the 5 stars , unless those people never played the first one . My halo 1 disc is faded and probably warped , because I played it so much . We own 2 xbox 's and have the system link and everything just because of Halo . Maybe we expected to much . Well onto Halo 2 . From what I can tell they did n't do a whole lot with the weapons . Yes you can hold 2 which is pretty sweet , but not as cool as some people would have you believe -LRB- although having 2 needlers actually makes the needler not complete crap , But again you have to have 2 or it is still complete crap -RRB- They added a few new weapons , and the new battle rifle is sweet , but a couple weapons like the new covent sniper rifle feels a bit corny , it should be alot cooler , and not just shoot some little white dot , but what do you expect from the convent their guns run on AA batteries . And what the heck did they do to the shotgun ?!? it looks like a flare gun ! I must have missed something to , because I thought there was suppose to be like 5 different types of warthogs , one with snow skies and tank tracks , there is only 2 -LRB- I havent finished it yet but I have only found 2 -RRB- and the second one just has some rail gun on the back , not that inventive . And I was almost positive there was suppose to be ATV 's . Now I ca n't say they lied because Im not one of those people that looked on the Bungie Website daily for info . but how cool would those have been ? And then their was the convent missions , man those just plain sucked . I wanted to be done with it way way before it was over , and it just took forever . Plus , why would I want to be an elite anyway ? I hope someone got fired for that one ! haha . It left me wondering if they actually had this game done like 2 years ago and just sat on it so they could hype it , because they didnt do enough to it to take all that time . We should be on Halo 3 by now . I also agree with the one guy that said it wasnt open enough , I miss those big battlefields . Remeber that feeling that you got when they dropped you on the beach and you stormed the convent with your guns blazing and grenades rolling around and bodies flying and grunts screaming , and Elites laughing . Remember that !!! ya you wont get that in Halo 2 ... lets see what else can I complain about ???
 hi I am a 10 year old , I 'm on my mom 's account . It 's 2011 , I know they made xbox 360 but I got the original as a gift for Christmas . there 's no xbox live which stinks because that seemed like the coolest part . except I have split-screen games with my friends though . onto the review . there are many new weapons and vehicles . there are new maps . and tons more if you by the map pack . i will separate the review into parts.campaign : I think there 's about 15 levels.you fight a new species . the brutes . they do n't have energy shields unlike the elites . but they have lots of armor and are very aggressive and will usually drop their weapons and charge you.you get to play as the master chief and the arbiter . the commander of the elites.I think it 's a great sense of getting to know both sides of the story.SPOILER : you play as the arbiter for the last level . which I thought was interesting.multiplayer : while I can just play split screen , it is tons of fun . you get to choose if yo want your player as an elite or a spartan . hint
 If your a fan of Sega Genesis games you should know that there are many shooters/shoot 'em up style games out there , but view point is one tha stands out from the rest . 4 one reason alone the graphics are amazing for a 16-bit system . All the sprites are cleverly crafted in crisp , not pixalized , gleaming 3-D computer rendered graphics . The controls handle very well , and the level designs are really detailed . You have your main weapon which is some kind of blaster thingy , and then you have a collection of bombs at your disposal . There is the homing bomb that locks on and destroys all enemies on screen , its handy but not that powerful , the firebombs are really cool as they send forward these massive waves of fire that just kind of scortch everything . Then there are the shockwave bombs , those do huge freakin damage and are really good against all bosses , the firebombs are good against most bosses also . Despite this intense arsenal enemies will still find ways to demolish you over and over again ! But its all good , 1 ups are n't that rare and continues I believe are almost unlimited . This is a great game but I will say its also a very tough game too , particularly during the boss fights .
 i want to know how much it is for the price . thank u.
 My opinion is this game 's going to be the better than the two first Harry Potter video games , even at the risk of combining the first two.I 've heard from other sites the game 's going to follow the book more closer than the movie . I also hear the game will be released in Q2 of 2004 . You will be riding Hagrids pets , including Buckbeak . You will be learning 10 or more spells than the second Harry Potter , and possibly more than one class a day . EA 's adding much more to the game , than the second and first . The game will also be longer . This time possibly a few months to beat . It will be realistic just as the second , as in day and night . It is even a rumor there will be more than 30 days in Harry third year ! Keep in mind it 's only a rumor . Little is still known about Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban , because the game has yet to come out . I 'll keep you updated with the third Harry Potter Game . B-Bye !
 Okay , we 've gained more information.The follwing are spoilers to the game , so if you wan na not know stuff about this game turn your head.EA seemed to visit places and release some info . In a video , the company was shown by EA that Ron , Hermione , and Harry , along with the sleeping Professor Lupin rode Hogwarts Express . The mission began where you got to explore the train in control of Ron . You encounter a book that suddenly attacks Ron and you get the first taste of the fighting system . Harry , Ron , and Hermione are all used for different things and can be switched anytime during the game as long as you 're not doing an alone mission . For example , since Ron comes from a wizard family he can sense secret walls or passagewalls that is impossible for the others to sense . Hermione , since she is smaller than Harry and Ron can fit into spaces that Ron and Harry can not , and since she is so smart she has a lot of useful spells . Harry , on the other hand , through the game takes Professor Lupin 's personal class and learns the Patronus Charm which can drive off dementors.Anyways , after the montrous book is defeated soon after you 'll encounter Draco Malfoy who wants to duel Ron . But as the duel begins , it is said that something is wrong , because the train door is slowly opening letting a dementor into the train . He floats at least two feet off the ground , and Harry faints from the sight of them . Ron is to drag Harry to safety while Hermione goes to get help from a teacher . If a dementor is to catch Ron in the process you 'll actually see the dementor sucking the soul out of Harry . A wriggle of the analog could release you from the dementor , though . -LRB- whew -RRB- I also have this little feeling of the stuff that I 've read about this game , that if you 're far in the game , you have the opportunity of combining their stregnth by pressing certain buttons at a certain time and it is also impossible to win some boss fights without doing so.There are sadly , some downsides . The loading time again is interferring with the game . One minute was what the team said it took to load AT THIS POINT . They 're fixing it to around twenty seconds and even less for Xbox and GameCube.All in all , this game sounds awesome does n't it ? Make sure you buy this at your local game store when it 's released or pre-order it today , ah ?
 Hey everybodyThis game is soooooooooo kool , u get to play as ron and hermonie as well as the usual HARRY POTTER , from the openin scene on the hogwarts express til the final mission down by the bank of the great lake where u fight off all those dementors with ur expecto patronim -LRB- patronus -RRB- spell u get to have another season of QUIDDITCH and it has been confirmed halfway through 1 of the matches in a big strom u fall 50 feet off ur nimbus 2000 and it gets blown into the womping willow and gets crushed , then later u get ur brand new FIREBOLT !!!!!!!! of ur godfather ... wait i wo n't say who harry 's godfather is hehehe yer but u get to fly on a firebolt !!!! i 'm gunna get dis game right away wen it comes out i already have wat like 100 dollors saved up cya 's all l8ter
 This item arrived quickly . It arrived in excellent condition . It worked exactly like it was supposed to . The item met a special need very well . Thank you Amazon for having it .
 Hello ! More facts have been released on the game . You can play as Harry , Ron and Hermione switching between them to complete the task . You have the opportunity to fly Buckbeak , control Hedwigs , and there are more cards -LRB- more than just wizard and witches cards -RRB- to collect . So far , SOUNDS SO EXCELLENT ! IT WILL BE A MUST BUY DURING IT 'S RELEASE !!!!!
 Well finally after waiting a whole year Harry Potter year 3 is finally coming to theaters and having a brabd new video game coming soon . Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban for Playstation 2 is going to be the best Harry Potter game yet !!! With wild 3D graphics and for the first time ever being able to play as Ron and Hermione !!!! Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban for the Playstation 2 will be released in the United States and Canada on May 22nd , 2004 , so make sure that you run to your local store or pre-order it online soon as possible should be a big seller !!!! Peace Out !!! ps-rumored to take a couple months to complete entire game !!!!
 The famous young wizard Harry Potter returns to Hogwarts for another year of schooling ... and you 'd better believe that he 's got adventure in store for him . Defeating your enemies wo n't be possible unless you pay very careful attention in your magic classes , and master a series of mini-games designed to test your knowledge and skills . Are you worthy of being called The Boy Who Lived ?
 This game is fun but short.I BEAT IT IN 3DAYS . Things like hinkypunks -LRB- dont think thats spelled right -RRB- are simple , you aim a lumos spell at them untill they dont look like smoke and you flipendo them 2 times ! rent the game then buy it , if you dont already beat it .
 I think this game is going to be the best of the first two games . I think everyone is going to by it . I just ca n't wait till it comes out . I hope it is not like 30 or 40 dollars . I already know I will love this game .
 Dragon Wars was a culmination of the 5 year evolution of computer role playing games of the mid 1980s . No reason these disappeared-they were so good , but I guess the market just moved on . Turn based gave way to realtime -LRB- yuk -RRB- . Puzzle-infused mapping and 3D type RPGs began with the Wizardry games , closely followed by the much graphically-improved Might and Magic games . Interplay followed with Bard 's Tales while working for EA . Interplay 's first two independent games , Dragon Wars and Neuromancer were both the next progression up the evolutionary scale . Dragon Wars had large areas to explore , like Might and Magic , but more complex skills and spells and character development . The skills development was a relatively new idea . The graphics are crude by today 's standard , but good enough for me . The automap feature saves time from not having to draw manual maps . Dragon Wars is certainly one of the greatest , most creative CRPS ever made , right up there with Wizardry 6 Bane of the Cosmic Forge .
 This is a terrific fun expansion pack for Roller Coaster Tycoon on the Mac ... allows you to build pools , slides , adds all sorts of additional rides , coasters , and water rides -- but WARNING !! I was playing on a Macbook Pro Dual Core - very speedy machine that absolutedly ground to a crawl once this expansion pack was added ... I found myself removing it from the laptop and everything went back to normal - so it somehow eats up a lot of system resources . Works great on my mac G5 desktop .
 I just got the game in the mail . Installation is a breeze . Now after spending a good hour exploring all the new rides and enhancements , it was worth the wait . I am not going to sleep at all tonight ! The game runs faster and one thing that is not noted on the Aspyr website is the ability to create custom billboards ! This game rocks ! NOTE
 This game is a lot of fun . It 's just as addicting as I expected . The only downside is there are very few scenarios to play , about half as much as the normal game . Either way I 'd still say it was worth the money .
 This Expansion was amazing , I 'm running it on my Macbook Pro 15 '' 2GB Memory , Dual Core 2.16 Ghz machine and it works flawlessly . Very Addictive ! Love all the new features they added in this expansion pack !
 I love being creative and creating things , and what better way than this ? I love all of the Tycoon games . I can get lost in my days playing this or any of them for that matter .
 These type of games will make your computer run slow , so you have to have a good processor for it , which I apparently did not , it made my mac run super slow and it kept freezing up and taking forever to load . I love Roller Coaster Tycoon in general though , one of my all time favorite games , I wish I could have gotten it to work for my Mac ... I 'll just have to keep playing the original old game on my PC !
 I ordered this computer game for my granddaughter because she had RollerCoaster 3 , but did n't have Soaked . She loves creating water themed parks . Since she got Soaked she has created a number of beautiful water parks and she is absolutely thrilled with it.I would definitely recommend it .
 I installed and reinstalled the original RTC3 and RTC Soaked probably about a dozen times trying to get it to run correctly . I deleted all the preferences and files that were installed . I finally had to contact Aspyr and ask for help . It seemed that I needed to fix the permissions on my hard drive , since the game was n't seeing all the files that it was suppose to . That finally fixed the problem . Now the game runs fine on my new iMac . In fact , since the graphics update that Steam had worked on with Apple , the game runs incredibly fast . The only thing my Mac ca n't handle are the shadow effects . The game runs at a crawl if they 're turned on . So anyone planning to purchase the expansion pack , be sure and fix all your permissions first . Then when you start up the game , turn off the shadows in the game preferences . Once you do , you 'll have a great time playing the expansion .
 I was a little disappointed that in the description it did n't say it was an expansion pack , and that I needed to buy the other part of the game as well . However , I did love the quality I received . thanks so much !
 The expansion pack works great on the new Macs . I 'm running it on my G5 with 8 gigabytes of memory on maximum graphics without a problem with no lag time . It plays simple without any crashing and looks great . I think the new Macs can handle this as I 've encountered no problems whatsoever . I 've been playing the RCT ever since it first came out and I 'm very satisfied with the smooth game play even though Chris Sawyer did n't work on the expansion pack . Atari did a beautiful job and the gameplay is still great with the menus in different areas . Just make sure your computer has plenty of memory and an awesome processor for the graphics as this game loves to eat memory still after all these years ! : D
 - Super-charged new game engine created by the award-winning CMR development team . - Over 90 new international rally tracks , designed exclusively for a challenging drive . - 13 world-famous rally cars authentically recreated using manufacturer 's data . - 8 countries ranging from UK to Finland to Australia , variable weather in each . - Now with 6 car arcade rally - Brilliant new damage and car physics engine drives the action to perfection . - Amazing sequences seen through dynamic TV-style camera viewpoints . - 2 player split screen one-on-one rally racing .
 NOTE
 I love this mouse.The design is second to none though the quality could use some improvement . I like this mouse so much that I have three of them brand new in the closet just in case they stop making it . Unfortunately due to the craftsmanship on certain ones I actually need those three in the closet . Each one is different unfortunately and one has lasted for two years where the other was in need of repair within 6 months . Creative honored the warranty and sent me a new one when I asked for one so hats off to them for that . I love this mouse regardless and would say for the price you might as well take the chance.Hopefully Creative will look at this craftsmanship issue and fix it .
 Love this mouse , i am a first person shooter and it does everything i want ! a must buy ! Fits my hand perfectly and you can ad weights if you desire !
 Had to replace my first Fatal1ty 1010 -LRB- put a little too much stress on the cable -RRB- , but I 've had this one for about 2 years I think , and let me tell you , this is a great mouse . The mouse comes with settings of 400dpi , 800dpi , and 1600dpi , in the most easily switchable method I 've ever seen -LRB- button on the top of the mouse -RRB- . The new fatal1ty 2020 goes up to 2400dpi and I think I saw other mouses go even higher , however let me tell you ... I use the mouse on the 800dpi setting , the 1600dpi setting is simply too fast for the games I play -LRB- Halo , Counterstrike , COD2 , etc -RRB- , although the 400dpi settings is way to slow . The 800dpi setting is perfect . This mouse comes with another unique feature , it comes with weights that allow you to control how heavy the mouse is . I use either the heaviest or the second heaviest weight depending on how I feel that day , but I rarely ever touch the lightest weight since it makes the mouse feel like there is nothing there . The build quality is great , as long as you dont put stress on the cable you should get lots of use out of the mouse -LRB- even my other mouse I got a lot of use out of , before I gradually loosened the in mouse connector , due to tugging on the cable a lot -RRB- . I have this new mouse free moving and everything is going great . Although useless in a lot of things , I like having an extra right click button to assign in game as like aiming or throwing a nade , its a pretty neat feature . All in all , this mouse is great , its perfect for almost any pc gamer , and it feels great in the hand .
 New concepts and designs . I am a practical person and really have never spent more than 20 $ on a mouse . I have had previous experience with Creative Labs Mice and they have been some of the best I have tried . When I saw this new mouse I thought that this was an interesting concept and decided to take this for a spin.The weight idea is ingenious and it does make a difference to the handling of the mouse . I can say now that I have purchased this mouse without regret.Install is easy though I have n't yet explored all the ins and outs but I am satisfied to say .
 This is a geat mouse for games that require a quick middle button to do swift changes in the game !
 For its price , you ca n't expect anymore . It is overall an excellent product . I would say the product package is the most attractive thing . What I do n't like is the wire ... Great design , great consideration for different users .
 This mouse has 3 buttons , Plus the wheel button , Plus a side button , PLUS you can change the dpi with the lighted button . This allows one to change from fast movement to slow , for those sniper shots . I love this mouse and would recommend it to anyone wanting to better their game . Perhaps others got lemons or just do n't know how to work it . I LOVE IT !
 This mouse does n't seem to have the widespread success of other high precision or gaming mice ; neverthelss , I have been using it for a couple YEARS now -LRB- gaming and nongaming -RRB- and am very satisfied with it . While some of its features are of no use to me it does have what is most important to me.Pros :1 . Light touch to click , less strain on your fingers2 . Light overall weight , less strain on your wrist/arm3 . scroll wheel that does n't `` glide '' , some clickiness helps you tell how far you are scrolling .4 . Very high `` precision '' , do n't have to hunt for what you want to click on!Cons :1 . There are a lot of buttons , but its not really possible to keep a finger on each one all the time , so it does take some extra effort to use them -LRB- but I do n't need them all anyway -RRB- .2 . Since the mouse is relatively lite -LRB- which I like -RRB- , the cord tends to pull the mouse around when you let go of it . I have a mouse jungie I bought a few years ago -LRB- might be out of business ? -RRB- which olds the mouse cord in the air with a fixed amount of slack . This setup works very well .3 . It does click pretty loudly but I guess I have gotten use to it because I have n't thought about it for a while until I read the other reviews .
 This mouse works very good . Easy to use and fast . However , it is a little big so it maybe good for a big hand . Other than this size , this mouse is great .
 I actually own two of these things , and have been very pleased with them . They 're smooth , responsive , and fit the hand remarkably well ... granted , I 've always been a fingertip mouser , even when I used Intellimice and Logitechs that were designed for palming . Also , the one button to a finger grip they describe is bunk ; resting your ringfinger on the ` pinkie button ' is quite comfortable . The buttons are loud , but lot bad ; the cord is short , but I bought it for a laptop mouse . I was going to upgrade my gaming rig 's Logitech MX-510 to a G5 or G7 , but now I 'm seriously considering the Fatal1ty 2020 . Better sensor , build quality , and a longer cord ... all it needs is a few more buttons , or perhaps the ability to remap the resolution switcher as a sixth in-game button . I 'll keep my Logitech for playing Freelancer , but this is my new UT mouse .
 I 've owned this mouse for about 2 weeks now . In that time I 've put it through my usual BF2 playing regime . Here 's a couple points I think will complement some of the previous reviews :1 . -RRB- Weight system
 I have now purchased three of these joysticks . I not found anything that even compares to its easy of use , compatability and functionality . I ca n't say enough positive about this product . If you need a joystick , get this one .
 Our family has really enjoyed this game.and even the youngergrand - childen want to play Who wants to be a millionarie.I 'm glad I orded it and thank you .
 The games are compatible with Windows XP . In some cases with Windows XP an error message may appear but it is easily fixed with a program update . The questions are challenging , love the games although I am not much of a sports buff . The multi-player mode is a bit cumbersome and confusing however .
 I am highly impressed with the above ... matter of fact , a friend of mine recently had me order another copy so he could give it as a gift . I also have the singles , one and two addition . But there is a BIG PROBLEM . I live in an assisted living residence and our activity director would like to include the game in our programs . Much to our disappointment , the CD does NOT work on a DVD and big screen so that it can be a group participation . I have tried everywhere that I can think of and much to my dis-appointment , I have not been able to find it in DVD . I did get one from the UK and we tried it . It was okay but included many questions concerning England that could n't be answered by our residents . Would you please advise ... is there a DVD of the above available and where can I order it ? If not , is there any way that the ones I have could be converted to DVDs . I understand that if we have permission from the supplier , it can be converted ... could we have your permission and/or could you provide a copy for us ? I am willing to pay whatever ... I know all of our residents ... all senior citizens ... will get a lot of enjoyment ... not to mention mental challenge -LRB- very needed for senior citizens -RRB- IF I can get DVDs ... all three editions.Thank you for your anticipated cooperation.Oh ... in answer to the next question ... I am 76 years old ... our average age of the residents here 85 years old !
 For all those peeps saying all these games arnt working under XP , YOU ARE WRONG ! Need to download the updates from the manufacturers website ! The game runs just fine after doing so ... . Must be a bunch of children writing these reviews on here ...
 This has always been one of my favorite TV shows . Now I can play whenever I want to . If you are a triva buff , you need to getit .
 Got this for my girlfriend at the time now wife . She liked it for about 5 months . Does not see much use now but is a really fun game .
 The Millionaire game is great -- fun and learning both !!! I would highly recommend it .
 My 10 year old ca n't stop playing , i have to work on her conscience just to get a chance ... jus kidding ... anyway , the entire family is enjoying this package a whole lot .
 The Pirate twist creates a fresh look to the city building games of the past . Keep your pirates happy so they can go a plundering . Plundering/raiding brings in your income and your worker bees that work the fields , shops and brothels to keep your pirates happy . The pirate kings come as a nice addition to game and each has their own personality quirks .
 ENJOYED THIS GAME VERY MUCH I PLAY THE GAME OFTEN ITS VERY FUNNY LISTENING TO THE HUNTERS CRY OUT AFTER BEING SHOT BY THE DEER
 I bought this for my brother but we take turns playing it in competiion with each other . We love it and laugh our heads off ! The commentaries in the trophy room are great ! We 'll eventually purchase all four -LRB- and five and six ... if available -RRB- .
 This pack more than met our expectations . My son and I just thought it looked neat . We were in for a pleasant suprise . You can hook it to your belt . Wear it over the shoulder or like a backpack . Even had a little screwdriver inside . Fabulous !
 Dark Mirror is flat out amazing . If you have a PSP and you do n't have this you are missing out . Syphon Filter was my favorite game for the original Playstation and there are many who feel as strong about that game . Syphon Filter 2 and 3 came out later for that system and they were also both great games . Next came Syphon Filter The Omega Strain -LRB- for the Playstation 2 -RRB- which had been originally designed as a multiplayer online game only . Towards the end of the development of the game it was decided to include the normal single player experience which was good but not as fun as the first 3 Syphon Filter games . I never really got into the online multiplayer features but I did try it a few times and that was where Omega Strain was at its best . The online servers for that game are no longer running . So now let 's flash forward to more recent times . Dark Mirror continued the Syphon Filter franchise -LRB- on the Playstation Portable -RRB- and made it even better . The single player missions are excellent and the multiplayer features are also top notch . I have n't played the next installment -LRB- Syphon Filter Logan 's Shadow - also for the PSP -RRB- but I own it . What I look forward to most is seeing Syphon Filter in high definition -LRB- on the PS3 -RRB- . My only complaint about this game was that there is some strong language which was not necessary for the experience . This is my opinion and it is an issue in many games today . Overall , I would pick this as my favorite PSP game and one of my favorites of all time .
 Definitely one of the best games available for the PSP . Resisitance Retribution is also fantastic game so make you check that one out if you like shooting games .
 Excellent graphics and game play . Sticks you to the PSP all night . I just wish this game was a little bit longer in story mode . I recommend it .
 If you liked the original Syphon Filter on Playstation , you have to pick this title up . The gameplay is great , once you beat the game you 'll still want to come back for more picking up secrets you missed the first time . The story and plot twists are fantastic . You will find yourself glued to this game . Highly recommend adding this game to your PSP collection .
 this game was fun once I mastered the controls . I do n't recommend the training level -LRB- it 's boring and timed -RRB- , it 's a lot easier just to go into a mission and learn the controls by trial and error . As with all shooter games for the PSP the controls are awkward and take some time to get used to . There is plenty of ammunition and weaponry so that is never a problem . The game is interesting and is n't very hard once you get down the basics . I recommend this game for those who like shooters , just be patient with it .
 I have everything unlocked , tons of game play . Better than Metal Gear solid acid . At least you have freemode , and do n't have to take turns fighting , or choosing a card to use on your enemies .
 This is my first FPS game on PSP and I must say that theimplementation and the gameplay went beyond my expectations.Pro : + Reasonable controls , easy to get used to . + Varying degrees of difficulty . + Storyline . + Low cost!Con : + Way TOO short !!!
 This game is really a treat . I was a huge fan of the old Syphon Filter games on the PS and this one continues the legacy .
 This game is very awesome ! There is a wide variety of guns to use . The enemies are pretty smart and wo n't be killed that easily . The new gadgets add a bit of gameplay into the game . The plot was n't that good , but overall the game was great .
 When Sony decided to go into the handheld gaming market , I think they wanted to appeal to the same demographic as their big brother console . And that means attracting a more mature audience . Nintendo tends to capture the `` family '' market , which is n't a bad thing.I say this because if there 's any game that truly defines and epitomizes what the PSP is all about , then Syphon Filter Dark Mirror is that game . This game represents all that the PSP is capable of . It is to bad that other developers have not pushed their resources for their games to be this good in so many ways . Everything from graphics , controls , to the all-important fun factor is on point with this title . The storyline is engaging , the levels are beautifully rendered , and the missions are diverse . You really do feel like the character you 're controlling in the game , that 's how good it is . I have read complaints about the boss characters not being so over-the-top like in other games . That does n't matter so much to me , because as you go up against them , it still requires skill , patience , trial , and error to beat them . That 's the challenge and the fun of any video game . If anyone gets a Sony PSP , then this is the first game they should buy .
 I own 12 PSP games currently , and I 've sold off about 6 more . This by far is the best game I have played that maximizes what the PSP can do . As much as I love Burnout Legends and Daxter , this one ranks a little higher.The Good - User friendly controls , great sound , absolute beautiful graphics . This plays like a expensive demo that was tailored to show what the system can do . The difference being it is a full game with extended playability and multi-player action . If you had to rank a game # 1 based on everything you want in a shooter , it would be this game . It has stealth , action , cool gadgets that are easy to get to and creativity with the story line.The Bad ? There really is n't any negatives , unless you do n't like shooters too much . The frame rate is smooth , and even the training mode is well designed and plays like a mission . You would be hard pressed to find a game that takes as much care in putting the absolute best product out for gamers.Overall , 5 stars and worth the money . If your thing is multi-player you will definitely like this game . Huge replayability here . If you prefer solo , the game will last you a long time and be challenging . This one is somewhat of a hidden gem based on the few reviews , I highly recommend it for shooter enthusiasts .
 First off , I 'd like to say I was n't expecting this game to be at all what it is . I was expecting a half-assed game that was similar to the crap heap Syphon Filter ; but I was wrong . Why ? Because this game is amazing . I saw the reviews of 9 and above all over the net , so I decided to rent this . I am glad I did . It is just a fantastic game that blends in Goldeneye 007 gameplay in with Spinter Cell . Here is my review : Graphics
 I was worried when they started bringing shooters out on the PSP . I 've grown accustomed to the dual analog sticks on the PS2 and Xbox . And was worried how I would be able to pull off the move and shoot . After about a 30 minute learning period with Syphon Filter , I was already smashing the time records in training mode . Which was definitly another benefit to the game . There are four training missions you can choose to play to get accustomed to the game . They range from basic movement to a sniper mission . The controls will take some getting used to since you use the analog stick for movement and the x , circle , square and triangle buttons to look in different directions . But once you get used to them you 'll be running and gunning with the best of them . On easy mode the game took me approximatly 12 hrs to beat . However , I take my time trying to acheive every side mission . The average gamer will get a good 8-10 hrs out of the game . You also have the option to replay any level that you have already beat to attempt to get more steath , environmental , dart , or headshot kills . When such goals are acheived you can unlock alternate levels and weapons that you can used in the mission mode . I have about 22 hrs total in the game and I still have not unlocked everything . So there is some replayability in the game . Unlike Daxter for the PSP , I played it through and even though it was a great game I had no desire to pick it back up.ConclusionSyphon Filter is a great action shooter game . It combines the usual elements you expect and even some steath and spy maneuvers . In fact several levels are signifigantly easier if you take your time to use steath to eliminate your enemies . You can always go in guns blazing but that does not always work out . Again there is about a 30 minute learning curve . But it is fairly easy to get accustomed to the controls and go about your merry way stabbing and shooting . The only real complaint I have about the game is several times I performed a steath kill , it would not register on the player stats page and could not reach the goal for a level . Which was pretty annoying at time since I was so close to unlocking another weapon . Other than that its a great game .
 This game is incredible . This is easily the best game out for the PSP system to date . I read about it online and thought that it would be a good game to rent or borrow from a friend , but I purchased it when it came out and I have not been let down . -- GAMEPLAY -- This game plays really well . I thought the controls would be fairly complicated and require you to play the game with instruction manual on your lap but I was surprised how easy it is to control your character in the game . After the Training Missions I did n't have to look at the manual to find out how to perform certain moves , combat techniques , etc. . During Gameplay , certain button strokes appear when your character can perform certain actions making it very easy to work with.The graphics are amazing . You can tell the programmers spent a lot of time figuring out how far they could push the PSP system and it paid off . I was amazed at the detail of the characters faces and the surroundings during gameplay . -- ONLINE -- Again , hands down it has the best online game forum and matches for the PSP to date . If you get bored or stuck in the single player mode , you can switch over to some great challengers in multiplayer . I like that the missions are n't just `` kill everything in sight '' but I like the multiplayer mission where you have to work as a team to accomplish certain tasks that are board specific.The game is rated M for violence and language and I do n't think it would be appropriate for young children . There is some strong language -LRB- very limited but still present -RRB- and there is violence but not as much as you would expect from a game of this type.I was also very impressed with the price . I would expect a game of this caliber to come out costing upwards of $ 49.99 but I was very pleased to see it was only $ 39.99 . It is very worth the price !
 Syphon Filter is a great shooting game and it 's mandatory for PSP owners to pick it up . The controls are great . Uses the analog stick to move . Uses the buttons to aim . Uses the D-Pad to take out items , jump , climb , crawl , and etc. . It has a great online play . Up to 8 players in several maps . Bestof PSP 's online play . You can play in several different modes and chat , but most of the time you will get paired up with someone too easy or too hard which is a problem . The graphics and sound are great . The gameplay is similar to James Bond , but better . You can use plenty of gadgets and shoot with plenty of weapons . There is training and muliplayer . The game is fun and it is definitely something that will last you .
 To sum the whole thing up - if you had only one game you could buy for your PSP , let it be this . Even if you do n't like first person shooters , get it.Syphon Filter is the best first person shooter - action game out there for PSP , hands down . You get a single player mode `` story mode '' which runs like a charm . The graphics are astounding , taking the PSP to another level . The controls feel right - finally , developers have thought to take full use of all the pads and buttons in a reasonable way.You play as a super-secret , ex-delta force type , undercover agent . Your mission is to find and destroy Project Dark Mirror . You get a wide range of weapons , but if you are good , you can use a special mode -LRB- using a range of goggles -RRB- to find secret passages and ways of finishing a level . This means that you can sneak your way without causing much trouble . One of the wonderful things about this game is stealth and the ability to ` snap-on ' to walls and boxes . You can peek over the side and take out enemies without stirring a mouse . Alternatively you can jump out and take on dozens of enemies.This leads to the only two points of the game that are a letdown . The AI is predictable , and sometime stupid . It 's not uncommon to see enemies fall victim to their own mines or walk into your path as you destroy them with your EDT gun . Or you can use hand to hand combat , a knife , special darts , or normal guns . Using these things earns points for earning rewards and unlocking bonus levels . The other thing is - why is n't the game play longer ? Seven acts with around five scenes per act make for too short a game.There is a multiplayer mode as well , for people who like that . -LRB- Ad-Hoc + Infrastructure -RRB- GRAPHICS
 Of all the games out there for psp , this is the one you want . With its awesome single player mode , and the robust multiplayer , Its a must have for all gamers . I 've finished this game several times on single player , and have played tons of multiplayer . How can you compare other games to this one ? You have to actually play DM before you see how a psp game should look and play . The feedback from the people who own this game are proof , and if you dont believe them look at the reviews , and the ratings its getting.http : / / www.gamerankings.com/htmlpages4/920798.aspOut of 14 reviews it still carries an average of 92 % ! The highest rated game to date on the PSP!Do yourself a favor and pick this beauty up !
 I think SCEA did a great job creating this game . I thoroughly enjoyed the single-player missions . It had a rich , in-depth storyline , as well as character development.In the single-player part of the game , there are over hundreds of weapons and gadgets to choose from . Most of the guns and gadgets you have to unlock though , which gives a point of playing the game . You can also sneak behind an enemy and break his neck , slice him with a knife , or shoot him in the head . Whichever way works good for you . I also love the fact that each mission did n't take long at all to load . And you can easily get over 30 + hours from the single-player missions.This game easily outshines in graphics from the other games . The characters look great , texture , maps , and almost everything looks clean and smooth.Now for the online playing , I enjoyed it very much , however , there are only 4 or 5 small maps and you can have up to 8 players in the online playing . The controls will take about a week of getting used to , so do n't get discouraged when you die in the first 10 seconds of playing ! Eventually , you 'll get the hang of it and will be able to shoot like the vets . There 's also an awesome rank system in the game as well as clans . -LRB- Known as `` cells '' in the game . -RRB- Most of the people who play Socom play this game too . So be prepared for the cheating and rude language of the online play.This game gets very violent , and I also heard a few `` F '' words in the single-player part of the game -LRB- Non-stop language in the online playing -RRB- . I 'd reccomend this game to anyone who is mature enough to know and understand the consequences of abusing violence and language in real life . I know it sounds strict , but I do n't think any youngsters should have this in their head.The only way to find out the surprises and adventures this game offers is to try it out yourself . Highly reccomended . 4/5
 Wow , I thought GTA was good , I thought battle front was good , I even thought Socom was good , but this game kills them all . If you like a good shooter , mixed with quick thinking and smart tactics with loads of actiong , this is the game for you.Now some of you know that some games that were on home video counsels are crying for another analog stick , not this one . They made it simple , and perfect , I myself , have only done 2 missions and all the tranings -LRB- to beat the record of course -RRB- , and I know the controls off the top of my head . If you 're noy sure what game to get , like stuck on splinter cell , and this , you should definitely buy this . Because splinter cell NEEDS a second analog stick , you could tell the creaters had a huge struggle trying to put splinter cell on a portable coucel.And you may be wondering if the graphics are any good ? There amazing , literally ps2 graghics and the best graphics on the psp system . I know this because you must update your psp to `` 2.6 '' before you play , and this is the highest the psp has seen . The closest was king kong -LRB- which was too short of a game so do n't buy it -RRB- with a `` 2.5 '' update . And gta , bf , socom , are all `` 2.0 '' updates . Meaning if you thought the graghics on gta were good , imagine what 6 extra points will do.Overall , I find the game perfect and well thought out . The company definitely worked away at it to get it just right . And to give you an idea of how great the game is , in training , you do n't actually kill people like in spiderman 2 , they give you a paintball gum.A paintball gun ! That 's going the extra step right there . Oh , and if your afraid of the game not having any cool stealth kills , there are some , and yes , of course , there 's the knife kill.SO I hope you liked my review , but now , get off your ass and make 40 bucks as fast as you can and buy this game , GO RIGHT NOW ! Stop reading review 's to see if it 's good , it is . SO GO ! P.S. . If you want some movies and/or screenshot of the game go to psp.ign.com
 I 've read reviews here that say it 's a first person shooter . It 's not , it is a third person shooter I do n't know where they got that idea . The cover system works very well . There are a nice array of weapons , although some of them are just the same gun with a different look . The darts are a nice feature too . Single player is surprisingly lengthy . Once you beat it you 'll want to go back and use the mission select to try and meet certain objectives such as killing a certain amount of guys using stealth , knife , head shots , dart , and environmental kills to unlock new weapons and equipment . however it can be very difficult . the controls work well for general aiming and shooting , HOWEVER once you need to zoom in to take out an enemy or make a precise head shot , controls are troublesome . And it does take a while to fully get used to the controls.overall , one of the best psp games ever . Hopefully the sequel will be tweaked to fix some of dark mirror 's flaws . -LRB- yes there is going to be a sequel -RRB-
 I 've been a huge fan of Syphon Filter ever since Syphon FIlter came out for PS1 . 1 was a classic , 2 a bit lacking in the graphics but great storyline , and 3 man , what a game!Omega Strain I didnt like too much . BUT , Dark Mirror is the absolute BEST to date . Amazing storyline , the graphics are unbelievable for a hand held game ! While the controls took a bit of gettng used to , the training levels take care of that in no time . This is a MUST HAVE PSP game . If you dont believe me , try for yourself you wont regret it .
 Before I get to the `` meat '' of my review of this game , I have to fill in a little info about my video game playing history . I promise it 's all relevant to my review of Syphon Filter
 You can unlock all kinda weapons in mission mode . Secrets galore . More than one way to play a mission and more ...
 this game is great ! i got it and could n't stop playing . its like splinter cell but better . you can ghost people blood goes every where . you can play online and chat with friends it 's pretty cool
 This is an outstanding PSP selection . The creators somehow made me feel like I was actually completing a James Bond mission on my train ride to work . I do n't know how they made the weapon handling work so well on the PSP , but it does . GET THIS GAME ! -LRB- I have no association with any of the people or companies involved with Syphon Filter Dark Mirror . -RRB-
 OK ... if you are reading this then you probably have or want a psp ... if so then you want a game ... BUY THIS GAME !!!!! This game is the best avalible for the PSP . Yes there are other good ones but this does for the psp what Halo did for the XBOX and what metal gear solid did for the ps2 . It is a shooter -LRB- the only good one for the psp -RRB- . You are like a special ops kind of guy that does what you are told ... but who cares ... this game kicks ass ... so BUY IT !!!!
 Why do people think GTA : Liberty City Stories is ? , Rockstar did a great job with it and it is remincent of its PS2 counterparts , but GTA has turned from a simply FUN series to the most over-rated thing to be put onto game-store shelves , thats why I no longer like GTA anymore , I honestly prefer Mercenaries : Playground Of Destruction to GTA : San Andreas.Anyways this gem , Syphon Filter : Dark Mirror is nothing short of subperb , in both single player and online , its SOLID.It being a stealth-action game puts the crad-based Metal Gear Ac!d games and Splinter Cell : Essnetials to shame , although not as heavily based on stealth as they are.There is a new Metal Gear game coming to PSP winter 2006 , its called `` Metal Gear Solid : Portable Ops '' which will be the first true Metal Gear game on PSP , you play as Big Boss or Naked Snake , the guy you play in Metal Gear Solid 3 on the PS2 -LRB- which is a GOLD game -RRB- , six years after his mission : Op : SNAKE EATER where his former unit FOX has revolted against the government , he must stop him , but this time he ca n`t go alone so he must recruit people in to his own squad of mercenries to fight against FOX.People say MPO -LRB- Metal Gear Solid : Portable Ops -RRB- will be better than SF : DM , and i personally think so too , but I ` ll have to wait and see.MPO has also be announced to be recieving several sequels , so my PSP is about to get even more hotter than it is now.lol = -RRB-
 Although I am stuck at the moment , I really enjoy this game . Delivered fast and on time .
 Syphon Filter Dark MirrorNot for small and young children - rated MGrandson like this game .
 Syphon Filter Dark Mirror is the best PSP game !! Its far better than the PS2 game Omega Strain . The controls are very easy and the weapons rock ! The story is great ! I would have to give this game 100.0
 I love this game . Syphon Filter
 muy buen vendedor me llego todo a tiempo y en mu buen estado le doy el maximo puntaje al vendedor
 I really love this game . I read that it defines the psp , I agree completely . This is one of the best games I have played on the psp so far . It pushes the system to the max and beyond and the system does a good job handleing it . I would recomend this game to anyone that get into the action games .
 If you own a PSP but not this game , buy this game . Especially at the price its being offered now.I am not good at dual-stick shooters , and this is a variation on the theme using the right X , O , -LSB- -RSB- , ^ buttons to look/aim . It took me a while to get used to this , but the tutorial missions and campaign mode ramp up the difficulty very well , throwing a little at a time.I died often during the boss battles of the first couple missions , but playing them again after completing the entire campaign , I can easily go through without dying on hard mode . I 've gotten used to the shooting , the gadgets , and some techniques for clearing a room.This is my first Syphon Filter game , so Gabe Logan is a new character to me , and once I got used to the gruff `` I 'm Batman '' voice , I found the voice acting pretty good , lots of FMV to tell the story . Some of the movies are a little long , but not punishingly so like MGS : PW.The campaign is around 30 missions , each taking me 7-20 minutes to complete , a very good pace to keep the action and the story moving . Now that I 'm done , I 'm replaying the missions trying to improve my Career Rating . When you progress through your rating , you unlock new weapons , which are nice , but I may not use them , I just like the act of trying the same mission using different weapons/techniques . For example , try the mission killing the enemies with only a knife , or by only using headshots , or using the environment . Replaying the missions this way is a blast -LRB- literally , sometimes -RRB- and I 'll probably log twice as much time doing this as I did during the story.The audio is great , when playing with headphones , you can hear baddies coming in through the squeaky door , then walking around the corner . The soundtrack is appropriate with excellent action cues . Its too bad you hear the UMD spooling up before the song plays though , it spoils a bit of the suspense.All in all , I knew this game was highly-rated before I bought it , but was n't sure if I could overcome the controls . I should n't be surprised that I liked it so much , but I am . Buy it now !
 Since I brought Splinter Cell -LRB- PC -RRB- I 've decided I liked this steath/kill genre . I was searching for a new game for my PSP and decided , based on price and reviews , to try Syphon Filter . What a good decision ! I 've been having a blast with this game . It 's been so much fun I immediately ordered SF
 I really enjoyed playing this game . It is similar in game play and style to splinter cell but not nearly as complex which is good for the PSP . Story is a little cheesy but whatever , I was stuck at my aunt 's house with no laptop and no tv for a few days so this was an excellent way to pass the time and I was so hooked I finished it in 2 days .
 I 've always liked the Syphon Filter series but this game really revived my excitement for playing these games again . This one had good graphics and was easy to get used to the controls .
 been A big Fan of the Syphon Filter Series , This game was so easy it has taken two days to beat . I would definately reccomend this to anyone who has played the syphon filter games .
 I really enjoy this game . A lot of shooters for PSP have controls that are n't very good in my opinion , but this one is really easy to pick up and learn quickly . Graphics are pretty good . Fun game to play and it saves frequently , so you can easily pick it up and play for 15 minutes and not have to start over the next time you want to play .
 I already own a lot of games with my PSP , but i shoulf say Syphon filter is my all time favourite . The story is awesome , really thrilling and keeps you hooked to the psp till you finish it and know who is the `` Bad-guy '' . Game play is the best , i mean The Best ... . I loved the game play of Burnout legends the most till i played the Syphon filter . . Its a stunner . . very smooth , uses the potential of the PSP to the max , you 'll actually forget that you are playing on a portable console . . The day i got this game i played for 6 hrs straight with out even a bath room break . . Its got killer graphics . . The weapons are great and real fun to use especially the one which `` Electricultes '' the enemy . . The learning curve i would say is 30-45 mins depending on your gaming experiences with PSP . . i took 35 mins to flawlessly use the controls . . The game play is not very tough nor is it average . . Its definitely not a easy grass-walk !!!! I would say its in between medium and tough which is great because it can keep you on for a longer time and would be nice and challenging rather , unlike burnout legeds which was really easy and i could finish it in 2 days . . Verdict : Fun
 Syphon Filter is definitely one of the best shooters for the PSP.It has console-quality graphics and gameplay . The CQC controls make the game more interesting . Instead of the safe MK23sd headshots , I try to sneak up on terrorists and knife them . The locations for the missions are very creative and not the usual Eastern European city , SE Asian/S . American jungles . They also feature interactive environments with oil barrels , artillery shells and other explosive/deadly items . Gameplay can be stealthy sometimes , action the rest of the times . Some levels can be done either way . Unlockable content makes you return to the missions to play them another way -LRB- stealth , sniping , environmental kills -RRB- to unlock new guns , abilities , and even missions . Unlocked content is available for use in online play.Online play in infrastructure is good , but you MUST play single player to understand the levels . If you expect a SOCOM style level with somewhat distinct bases , this is n't it
 `` Dark Mirror '' exceeded expectations by doing many things well , such as superb level design , smooth controls , sharp graphics , great sound , unlockable weapons , and a large variety of gadgets . The environment interactivity is impressive as well . The bottomline is gameplay far exceeds any shooter that has come out for the PSP . This is an ABSOLUTE MUST-HAVE for all PSP owners !!!
 This game is awesome . Even though it 's over 3 years old , it 's still a lot of fun . I bought this at a bargain low of $ 10 , brand new . The controls work great , the story is engaging and the AI is competent . I finished it in about a week and there 's still tons of replay value . I have n't been able to get the multiplayer to work , but maybe that 's because the game is so old , not many people are playing it now .
 I bought this game when it was $ 50 and have no regrets . This series is the best on psx and psp is taking it to another level . Graphics are great and gameplay is awesome . There is tons of options to unlock and you can sync it with ps2 syphon filter . In conclusion i would like to say is that SYPHON FILTER IS THE GREATEST PSP GAME OF ALL TIME . Also I 'm playing syphon filter 3 on ps1 and that is one of the best games for that system . If your thinking about buying this game do not hesitate . Also multiplayer is feature is awesome . See you on line .
 I got this mostly because of the `` greatest hits '' title . It most certainly deserves its title.Graphics - The graphis are stunning . I have n't experienced a single glitch . You get to see all kinds of amazing settings and they all have bright and seemless visuals.Controls - this was the most suprising part part of the game . It was incredible what they were able to do with the psp 's controls and cramped space . It is easy to do everything that is needed . Very creative and easy to pick up controls.Gameplay - All kinds of cool weapons . Great missions . Captivating storyline
 ... well after beating Street Fighter Alpha 3 Max on my PSP numerous times I got tired of my PSP in general and stopped playing it for a while . One day I was at the store and saw this game , so I decided to pick it up , after all I decided it could not be as bad as the piece of crapp Rengoku or Dead To Rights for the PSP . Let me just say this
 This game is the kind of game that you will remember playing 10 years from now . This game is belongs in the videogame hall of fame . It was extremely well done and the developers , designers , etc deserves a great deal of praise . I play this on the train to work and it makes a boring trip pass by . This is my favorite PSP game . SOCOM is a great game , but Syphon Filter makes that game seem boring by comparison .
 Syphon Filter - Dark Mirror made me fall in love with my PSP . Generally speaking , I 'm not a big fan of first/third person shooters . . that is unless the physics , controls , and gameplay are downright fun and then I give in . Syphon Filter ranks up there as one of the best games I have ever played . I know that 's a tall statement . . but this is definitely one of the best PSP games on the market and the effort put into making this play so well on a portable unit is huge . Most easily said -- its fun . The control scheme lets you mimic dual-analog control by using buttons creatively while the menu and weapons interfaces are intuitive . This game has n't left my PSP since I got it last week . . I think GTA is getting jealous .
 This game is the best action packed shooter / fighting game EVER If you want to have fun shooting guys and blowin them up and cuting their throats and electricuting them go fr it relllllly fun
 This is an excellent control , very ergonomic , easy to use , excellent colors , high quality and capacity of internal vibration of some PlayStation games . I use it since leaving the console .
 Like him or not , the creation and evolution of Leisure Suit Larry parallels the birth and development of PC games as popular entertainment . Some people find the Leisure Suit Larry games offensive , but it 's just mindless fun packed with as many sexual innuendoes as Al Lowe could pack on a floppy disk or CD . Needless to say , the game is not intended for youngsters . Leisure Suit Larry
 The game is old , but I still play the skirmish mode for some simple player vs computer battles that wo n't tax most computers and plays well on XP and Vista . Over the years , I have bought well over a hundred PC games . This is one of the very few I ever play.I must admit that I did not make it very far in the missions . Likely games like Command & Conquer were better or more balanced than KKND 's . But the skirmish mode is worth the purchase.This game requires you to insert a cd to play it . This is why the game costs so much considering its age . There are fewer game cds available , and there is still an appeal to the game . $ 20 is a bit much for this , but $ 10 should be reasonable .
 I originally played this game years ago . And it has stuck in my mind ever since . Mostly because of the story line . Do n't get me wrong , the graphics and game-play are great too -LRB- graphics are of course limited in comparison to more modern games -RRB- . But , what stood out for me was the fact that there was no real `` Bad Guy '' in this one . Mainly because both leaders are insane . I mean they are funny , but certifiably crazy . This becomes more and more evident throughout the game.The game-play is certainly challenging at times . And occasionally it can get quite frustrating . There are of course the `` survive so long '' missions , and at least one escort mission , that at times almost seem to be completely impossible . But what is the point of a game that does n't ever challenge the player , right ? The game-play is certainly enjoyable.And , of course , what would a war game be without weapons ? These range widely as the two sides are very different . There are n't any instances of the same craft with a different paint job here . One side is based on life forms , and has weapons ranging from a half-man half-wolf -LRB- similar to a centaur -RRB- called a dire-wolf with a shotgun , to giant acid spewing beatles -LRB- although there is a monster truck , and something that resembles a trike motor-cycle -RRB- . While the other side is a little more conventional with weapons ranging from motor-cycles and pickups -LRB- not monster trucks or trikes -RRB- with guns to what appears to be a giant Gatling gun on wheels . Of course there are also the foot soldiers.The interface is also different from most . You are limited on number of each building with the exception of derricks , but you can control the manufacturing from all of your production buildings on one collapsible side bar . For example , you can have all 4 war factories working at the same time , on whichever weapons you want each of them producing . And you can queue up to 9 of each -LRB- in all production facilities at once if you want -RRB- , or you can click once more and that production facility will constantly produce that unit -LRB- while still producing anything else you have queued up -RRB- . All in all , Excellent game , Especially for it 's time . I would recommend it to any RTS -LRB- Real Time Strategy -RRB- buff , or anyone else for that matter .
 For the PsP no less!I still feel that sony gipped us for Not putting TWO nubs on the system !
 We bought this game for my step grandson because he said that he liked it . That 's all I know . He also loaned it to his cousin , so I assume he would recommend it .
 This game is the platformer by which other PSP platformers should be judged . I believe that handheld games should be easy to pick up for a few minutes and then put down . It seems like so many PSP games are simply PS2 games for the small screen , but I generally do n't play my PSP for hours at a time . Anyway , the game is generally fun and intuitive but some portions seem based more on memorization than they should be .
 Unfortunately we got two of the same game . I am returning this one for another game . I guess people like it so much , we got it from two different people who also loved it .
 Although I think this is the most excellant game for the PSP yet there are some disadvantagesDISADVANTAGESHaven city is much smaller which really sucksYou do the same thing in every level ... it can get boringNow the advantages ... ADVANTAGESThis game has the most perfect graphicsThe game is fun to play when you have to kill the bugs.ACTIONIt has a good storylineMY OVERALL OPIONIONThis game is the perfect game for the fans of the first two jak games -LRB- Jak and Daxter : the pecursor legacy and Jak 2 -RRB- . Its really fun , but like i said before it can get boring . Get this game IMMEDIATELY if you like Jak 1 and Jak 2 because if you dont you will be EXTREMELY disapointed
 Late last year , who were surprised by Jak 's gaming change , froma dramatic trilogy , to an intense driving game . Some liked it s-uch as I , and some hated it . But now , Ready At DawnTM has made astand-up leading to the complex plot of Jak II.If you 've played Jak II , we land on an odd enviroment , Haven Ci-ty . But when Jak is arrested by Erol , WE NOW follow him . A oldman almost meets the same fate as Jak but Daxter leaps and makethe Guard fall on the base . It is then revealed as Osmo . The e-ccentric old codger is the owner of The Kritter Ridder Extermin-ation Shop , he comes from a long line of Exterminators.We will also meet vixen , Taryn . Which will be Daxter 's right h-and girl in some hard locations in Daxter 's large adventure.We will meet Ximon , Osmo 's kid . He 's better surfer than Exterm-inator ! And masters one of the many vehicles Dax will use ... Daxter has a conspiracy with Kaedan , he 's kinda ugly with sharpeye brows but what 's ugly is the eyes ... But if you buy the gameyou will know him better.You will meet Jak II and Jak 3 characters such as Count Vegerand Errol . And it will mention Krew seldom times . But as you fi-ght Metal-Bugs in this wonderful ride of beauty and through theeyes of the loudmouth Ottsel , there 's sure to be lots of sidesp-litting laugh cause we know Dax does not get alone with old menlike Samos the Sage of Green Eco . But there is few worlds , ther-e 's the Lumbermill , but I 've beat the game today . But I 'm tryingto prevent spoilers.But if you plan to check more info on DaxterTM on its playstati-on website , DO N'T ! it 's resourceful with more characters , yourarsenal of extreme weapons and vehicles , but the downloads andsecret vault are rip-offs . But just for the scoop on the plot ... check it out !
 Highly recommended . This game is simply the best platformer imaginable on the PSP . I would lobby that Daxter should be the PSP 's premiere platform mascot . Awesome fun game . Even after finishing it I * still * want to go back and play more ...
 LOVE MY VIDEO GAME !! Seller was quick and friendly , professional , and would do business here again . Thanks !
 This fantastic platformer is a huge bonus for psp ! The game looks awesome on the lcd ! So many enjoyable levels !!!!!! Do n't hesitate , buy it !
 The shipping on this product was very fast and efficient . It was packaged perfectly and I was very pleased with the customer service . The game itself has a great storyline , and also very unique . It seems like it 'd be good for any age group and would be appropriate . One thing I really like is that all of the characters have very original voices . I especially like the hotel concierge man 's voice . It sounds very robotic and futuristic . The graphics are very clear , and the game feels very interactive . The controls are very on point . One negative about the game is that it does n't have a constant map which can be quite confusing and frustrating trying to go into multiple rooms and getting lost since most of the rooms look alike . I also wish that the game would feature that Daxter could swim . I 'm not too far into the game because I 'm frustrated with the non map situation in the hotel route . However , this game is a great PSP game and I definitely recommend purchasing it .
 This is one of the best games on the PSP . In the vein of previous Jak & Daxter games , this is a solid action platformer . The developer , Ready At Dawn has made a fantastic game that works well on the PSP . In fact , the production quality of this game -LRB- from graphics to gameplay -RRB- are superb and raised the bar of what players expected their handhelds to do . Plus ... it 's a super cheap game to get these days since it was bundled in with PSP 2000s . Unfortunately , High Impact 's follow-up PSP game Jak and Daxter
 The bottom line is this game is one of the best ive played in awhile for the PSP . The game has outstanding graphics and incredible sound . It has a good plot and good single player.Here are some pros and cons ... Pros - great graphics , great sound , great single player.Cons . Rediculousley short , and the multiplayer dissapointed me alot.Yeah the multiplayer isnt too great in my opinoin . Its kind of like a rock paper sissor match with bugs you collect throughout the single player adventure . Each bug has different strenghts and weaknesses . And you can find potions and tokens throughout the game that increases your bugs stats for that match . I kind of wanted something a bit more exciting though . But its not too big of a deal because the single player story make up for the multiplayer , its amazing . Overall ... . great graphics , gameplay , sound ... . if you see it at the store for a price you like pick it up , i think you will like it .
 To cut to the chase ; 1 . The game is set in Haven city while you are trying to rescue Jak from prison .2 . Although the story follows a classic J&D ; approach with set missions to complete , there is one thing to be noticed ; the actual ground that is available to be accessed is deceptive . There are red barriers stopping you and you can not get out the city , explore the entire haven , or ` jak ' any rides .3 . It is a great game , with amazing psp graphics , and story line that leaps forward at the end . My one gripe is that it has no guns , but it does have a gas cannister with 3 add ons.To sum up , it is a really good game with dream sequences that could really extend game play . Just do n't expext anything identical to J&K ; 1 and 2 .
 If you have played previous Jak and Daxter games you 'll love this one ! This game takes place during Jak 's kidnapping in the second Jak and Daxter game.Pro 's
 This game is pretty fun in my opinion . I think it could have been better .
 I love it ! The game programmers did a very good job on this one . Actually , there are very few weapons , and the only thing you can purchase is minigames and some videos . However , that did n't matter . The creativity , -LRB- like killing bugs the size of buildings and hovering using a bug spray -RRB- , the span of the areas you could play in , and the intensity of the game were incredible . However , one thing makes me really mad . Once you beat it you 'd think you 'd either get a second playthrough with all your stuff , or at least go back to the last save point . But no , you end up in front of Osmo 's shop , which has been destroyed , and are stuck in an area smaller than a boss arena . I am still trying to find a way out , but I can not find one . How lame is that?I still recomend this game , since it takes a while to get to that point and is very fun , but once you get there , you may as well either start a new acount and play again , put it in some corner of your house and play it again when you find it two years later , or chuck it in the trash.Still , you should definetely get this game , unless you 're one of those people who can beat Fable or Zelda in a day , and can not find a game hard enough that you do n't die even once .
 This game came with my PSP and I love it . It 's engaging , fun , easy to use and learn . The story line is great and I had so much fun working my way thru it . Every PSP owner should have this game .
 This game was fun to play until you beat it . Then there really is n't anything to do unless you want to go back and try to get every single egg that you ever missed ... Decent game to package a PSP with.Some of the levels did n't really have any real sense of direction to them so many beginners may feel overwhelmed / get frustrated.I found a dead end in the Ice level that frustrated me for quite a while .
 If you 've owned a PSP for a long time you 've probably kept hearing that it does n't have any good games . Daxter proves otherwise . If you 've been bored with all of the games the PSP has now , be bored no longer ! Daxter is quite possibly the best PSP game out there , with awesome graphics , gameplay , story , and many more features.If you 're a hardcore fan of the Jak and Daxter series like me , then you wo n't be disappointed with this game . It does everything great . The story takes place between Jak 1 and Jak 2 . If you rememeber , at the beginning of Jak 2 Jak arrives at haven city . He is then immediately captured by the Krimzon Guards , but Daxter escapes . Jak is put in prison , and then the game skips 2 years later and you see how Daxter saves Jak . The game 's storyline takes place in those 2 years , and you 'll learn how Daxter saves Jak and what he has done in that time . At the beginning of the game , Daxter is offered a job as a bug exterminator . He takes it , because he hopes that while he goes around exterminating bugs he 'll also find Jak along the way . By the way , these are metal head bugs , so they 'll put up a fight.Now , first of all , let 's get the bad stuff out of the way . This game is kind of short , and you 'll be able to finish it in 10-13 hours . Also , some people might find it disappointing that haven city is smaller than it was in Jak 2 , and there are n't any people walking in the streets , even though they 're flying in zoomers . However , these are very minor problems , and they do n't affect the game in any very bad way.Now on to the good things . This game 's graphics are absolutely phenomenal . They are the best graphics on any PSP game out now , and I daresay that they 're even better than the graphics of many PS2 games . I 'm not exaggerating . They are absolutely gorgeous . There is an impressive amount of detail in all of the environments you 'll visit , and they all look very unique and great . Just take a look at Daxter himself -LRB- the character -RRB- . His fur looks so realistic and cool , and all of the textures in the game are similar . The character designs are also cool and unique.Speaking of characters , here they are . There 's Osmo , which is an old man who 's also Daxter 's boss at the exterminator shop , yet he 's very kind . There 's his son Ximon , who is a surfer kind of guy . There 's Osmo 's daughter Taryng , which is a Lara Croft-like gal with a British accent who gives Daxter all of his weapons . There 's Kaeden , some kind of creepy guy who really hates Daxter and his friends . And there are a few other characters , some of them from the other Jak games , like Errol and Count Vegar.Another thing that the Jak series are greatly known for is their variety . Daxter delivers that too . There is a big variety of missions and things to do , and you 'll do things ranging from simply killing bugs , to chasing a Truck on your scooter while it shoots bombs at you , to shoot down a bug with a turret while you 're on a vehicle , and more . Also , there 's lots of action and platforming to be done in this game . Like I mentioned earlier , you 'll be fighting metal head bugs , and they 're all different and unqiue . You 'll get several weapons in the game
 I was truly worried about the PSP for a while there ; it scared me that I saw people in the streets using their glossy new gaming system solely as an MP3 player becasue of the lack of games . After Mega Man
 Until now , Daxter was merely the ocelot sidekick of the gun-toting Jax . With the Daxter PSP game , the little otter-like creature finally gets a platformer of his very own . This is really quite fun!Don ' t judge this game by its opening levels . Like most platformers , you have to begin slow , learning the basics of movement , jumping , attacking and looking around . Daxter is out slaying bugs , so he begins with the most basic of weapons - the bug swatter . He 's searching for orbs , killing enemies , picking up health , and generally having a grand old time.As the game progresses , you get a wide variety of levels to explore and ways to move around . You get to drive cars , ride on zip lines , and much more . You get new weapons to take on new , more difficult enemies . There are even cool dream sequences that let you take on movie character personalities , sort of like Gex.Most of the missions are go-at-your-own-pace , where you can explore and track down all the hidden secrets . There are a few timed missions which might get frustrating , but as with all games , if you are patient and take your time to learn the map you can eventually get through them.I do wish they had made this for the big screen as well as the small . As beautiful as the PSP graphics are , with great detail and level distinctiveness , there were times that for example brown boxes blended in with the brown background and things became very hard to see . You should n't die repeatedly because the screen is murky.The game is relatively easy to get the hang of - but also encourages you to replay to track down all of the hidden items in the levels and to get the top score.It 's also nice that the game is all about killing bugs - a task that most people find to be OK for children to do :-RRB- You 're not slaying humans and there is n't mature language . It 's nice to have a game that is really fun to play and that is appropriate for all ages of players as well.Highly recommended - and as I said my only hope is that they 'll make this for the big screen as well so we can enjoy it with a bit more clarity .
 Daxter is definatly a fun game . I got it a while back and still ca n't keep my hands off of it . This game has a great story of Daxter trying to save Jak from the Baron . The gameplay is good as well . It is challenging and there are some fun mini games . -LRB- Dream Games -RRB- The graphics are amazing and the voices are good . This game might not be for kids under 8 because there is some comic mischief . Overall it is a fun game so get it and have fun !
 I am a huge fan of the Jak and Daxter series . I just recently got a PSP for my birthday thanks to my wonderful girlfriend . And I have to say , that Daxter was probably the best game I have played yet . It is long , and fun and entertaining . I strongly recommend this game . Have fun and enjoy ...
 This is a revelation for the Jak and Daxter series , as well as the PSP . It 's Daxter getting his own title , and it 's a game for the PSP that overall sets the bar on many standards . Simply put , this is one of the best PSP titles ever to emerge , and it 's a fantastic game.Before Jak II , Daxter had an adventure of his own . One where he protected the citizens of Haven City from bugs . That 's right , bugs , and to show for it , his main weapon is an electric flyswatter . The story is simplistic , but that does n't mean the game losses edge or momentum . The game still maintains its humor , in this title even more so than before.The mission based system is not really any different than Jak II or Jak 3 . If you 've played those two titles , you 'll be right at home with Daxter , as the set up is n't much different . Each mission consists of a primary objective that you 'll have to complete . Usually they 're killing enemies or destroying a hive or something to the effect . The secondary objectives in each mission are optional , and they 're reminiscent of Jak and Daxter titles . You 'll be collecting metal bugs and/or precursor orbs in secondary mission objectives . You only have to complete the primary objective to move on and advance the story . You can always comeback and do those secondary objectives later , and sometimes that may be better . You 'll have better equipment by then usually . The game actually works in a way that you probably will end up coming back to a level with better equipment to get these things.As you go through these levels you 'll be using either Daxter 's flyswatter or an insecticide spray . Both are fun to use . His sprayer even gets upgrades as levels progress , which is pretty neat . Daxter can do many different sorts of things in each level as well . He 's got a double jump , he can climb certain walls , and he can even use his sprayer as a hover device . The gameplay mechanics are fluent and precise.The gameplay does n't stop there either . Throughout some levels , Daxter will find himself having to do a multitude of things . Jump from moving trains and platforms , finding a `` zoomer '' that will allow him to catch up with certain enemies and much more . There are also plenty of mini-game sequences that tend to borrow from movies . Not much in the gameplay is original , but to be honest , it is n't about original gameplay , it 's about how well you get it to work . Daxter gets the gameplay working extremely well . The elements are perfectly balanced . The gameplay never lets up , and it 's always fun to play . You 'll always be glad to come back to this game . The gameplay is never stale , either.The only two elements that seem to bog this game down are the learning curve and camera angles . The control schemes takes a moment to get used to . Once you do , however , the game becomes very fluent . The camera needs work , but it still works and does n't detract from the gameplay really.There 's also a multiplayer game . A bug combat game . Throughout your adventure you 'll find lots of different items and goodies that you 'll be able to use in bug combat . Bug combat is a neat mini game that allows you to send your bug into battle and battle against either the computer or a friend . It works out very well . There is no point to the bug combat , but it does make for a nice relaxing break from the main game.The most obvious thing about Daxter are the graphics . This is by far the best looking game on the PSP . This really shows how graphically powerful the PSP is . No framerate issues , everything looks stellar , vibrant and colorful . This game shows what means to be walking around with a PS2 in your pocket . The sound is also very good and fluent . One of the best sounding games on the PSP as well . The voice acting , needless to say , is top-notch . Of the best in the gaming world.Simply put , this is one of the best games ever to hit the PSP . As far as I 'm concerned , this has set the standard for platforming PSP games to come . Graphically it 's the best PSP game out there , and gameplay wise , nothing comes close on the PSP . Daxter sets the bar for what a stellar PSP game should be.The Good + OUTSTANDING Presentation ! The graphics are without a doubt , THE BEST on the PSP . + The Gameplay is without a doubt the best on the PSP . It never gets stale , repetative or boring . + Outstanding voice acting + Plenty of extra minigames and collecting + Fluent controlsThe Bad-The camera lacks in some areas-While the controls are fluent , they 'll take time to get used toThis is a game that every PSP owner should have . Fans of Jak and Daxter should see this as a must .
 This i one of the few great games for psp . The controls are simple , the storyline is amazing , and the weapons are cool . Unfortunetly there are n't as many weapons as there were on the other Jak and Daxter games . Basicly you get an elecric bug swatter and spray gun -LRB- the spray gun gets three attachments -RRB- . The dream sequences are a great and fun part of thhe game . The bugs are n't hard too to kill and the bosses are challenging -LRB- you must try to anticipate and learn their attacks -RRB- . This is a great game for anyone who likes the Jak and Daxter series .
 I bought this for my PSP since I really liked the Jak & Daxter ; games for the PS2 . This game did not fail to pull me in and become a true favorite for me.Daxter has more personality than quiet Jak , and somehow I do n't miss Jak at all in this game . Like Jak games , Daxter gets to ride cool machines , use cool weapons and explore interesting locale , as well as kill off some pretty gnarly creatures/bugs and figure out some tricky moves.I have completed this game by killing the final boss and finding all my 1001 orbs , but I am still not at 100 % done !! In order to get 100 % , You have to reach gold levels in the dream sequences . Well , I am still working on that one ... and I seem to have missed 3 bugs along the way somehow ! There is so much to figure out and explore and collect that it stays true to the style of the Jak & Daxter games that I came to love for the PS2.Another cool aspect of this game , are the dream sequences -LRB- as before mentioned -RRB- . You work on these when you get a chance to get back to Daxters bed . As you make your way through the game and collect orbs , you gain new dream sequences that are fun to watch and play . Daxter goes to sleep and becomes a different character ... -LRB- ie
 I got this game for my Bday last night . I must say i am impressed , not very buggy , good Graphics , All right audio , and decent game play . It maybe the best PSP title out or close to the best.Daxter takes place before Jak2 . Jak is inprisoned and Daxter has to Save him , Daxter takes a job as an Exterminator , so he can explore the Haven city in search of Jak . You basically just kill Bugs on every level and search for Items -LRB- And ofcourse jak -RRB- . The game play is very cool you get Upgrades as you progress through the Story and theres a cool Bug wrestling mini game and a few Dream mini games .
 It 's the best game for PSP the I had played . It 's so much better than God of War . You have more and different thing to do during the levels and the challenges are real good . The graphic is incredible too .
 The game came with my psp and i was n't quite exited about it but once i started to play , i just could n't put it down . It is a bit short but was worth the while . the graphics are great and the story is too . I really did like it and had fun playing it .
 This is a stellar game . This game will rank in the top 25 of all the games ever released on any console . If you dont have a PSP . . get it for this one .
 very enjoyable , I recommend it for anyone who uses the PSP to kill time as I do . do n't expect an involving story line and mature game , if your looking for entertainment this game has it . you get new abilities such as the flame gas etc throughout the game so it stays fun and should last you a few days . difficulty is easy .
 First off , let me say that this was my first game for the PSP before it was sold in a game pack , or it was a greatist hit game . For the Jak and Daxter fans , this game has have a high replay value . But , when I picked up this game , I was hooked . The controls are easy to learn , and when picking up the game after not playing it for a month , they sure came back easy . The plot was great , seamless , and developed . I dont know about others , but when games have difficulty levels like easy , medium , and hard , it seems unchallenging to me . But this game also gets harder as you get deeper into the game . The game is great for kids , and seasoned PSPers . For those who love challenges , aquiring all the eggs and gems is not an easy feat , increasing the replay value by two .
 DaxterI bought this game and i got it early and not only that Game was fun to have . Highly recommended for everyone to have
 This is a great PSP game for all ages . It is a necessity if you 've played the other Jak games.It tells about how Daxter took up a job as a bug exterminator and ultimately freed Jak from the Baron.There is a ton of levels with 3 challenging bosses . The second boss took me a while to beat but you 'll understand it after a while . You can use Daxes electric fly swatter to squash bugs or catch them on fire with his flamethrower . And you can play other players with its wi-fi connection.Even if you have n't played the other games you 'll love this one . It is my personal Favorite . I would say this is the best PSP game yet and is a must have for Jak fans and non Jak players alike .
 daxter psp was an awesome game ... and I say `` was '' because I beat it in like 3 days ... unlike the other Jak games that took me much much longer . That is one of the bad things about this game -LSB- that it is very easily beaten -RSB- ... but I -LRB- personnally -RRB- play the game over and over because I never get board of it !
 Grandson loves it and it was a very fast transaction . Recieved it , quickly . Thank you
 Ok , this was the first PSP game that I ca n't put down after an hour !! I love it ! It 's fun and super cute ... and I must note here that I have not been a hardcore gamer , but I just love this game !! It 's really , really fun to play and very pretty and cute to look at !
 This game is awsome , There are good things about this game and there are bad things about it.GOOD.The graphics on this game were amazing and the storyline was very good.Bad.The city is much smaller and every level feels the same.Overall.This was a good game and i recomend it to everyone who likes a good platformer .
 This game is really addicting any body with a PSP should buy this
 This game has alot of things to do for a while but it is n't very hard . I really thin it should have been a lot harder and a little more open . But overall I think it is pretty good .
 This game is a lot of fun . You use a bug spray tank similar to the water pack in Mario Sunshine . There is good variety in the game with lots of fun mini games . There is minor slowdown in the main city but everything else runs super smooth . I had a blast with this game .
 I got this title with my PSP , and I 've really enjoyed it . Having played `` Jak & Daxter '' end to end and made my way mostly through `` Jak II '' -LRB- which disappoints -RRB- , I 'm glad to say that `` Daxter '' seems to have taken the best elements of Jak II and put them in a smaller title that 's more fun to play . `` Daxter '' is set in a time gap that takes place at the beginning of Jak II
 this is a game that is really cool and very fun to play.it really worth your money and is fun for all ages.whoever has a psp has to get this game.i am cuurently 99.99 % which is killing me .
 This is by far the best PSP game I 've ever played . The graphics look great , the action is fun and challenging , and the story is whimsical . Finally , a good PSP game . If you like Mario type games you 'll like this one for sure . There 's lots of jumping , climbing , and riding . The cut scenes are some of the best I 've seen on a handheld . The sound is great and the dialogue is well done . The rendering of the environments is smooth and fluid . Nothing really looks bitmapped like on some other games . The colors look beautiful on that little LCD screen . It looks about as good as a PS2 game . I had pretty much given up on the PSP , so I 'm glad I took a chance on this dandy .
 i become never bored with this game.a cute character , delicate description , gradual learning of skills.But due to my unskillfulness , sometimes i have to try more than 30 times to pass through one stage.Still , it is my most favorite psp game .
 With the advancement of handheld game systems one thing is for sure . Some games on a small handheld system are just too dificult to play . However Daxter is the perfect example on how to make a great game just as enjoyable in small scale as large . Immediately you will notice the superb ` Animation like ' graphics and great intermissions . If you liked the previous versions of this game series then you will love Daxter . I ca n't get my girlfriend to give it back !! : -RRB-
 This game is overall very fun with lots of different areas and some fun extra things . The areas have amazing graphics and gameplay is fun from driving vehicles to finding precursors -LRB- little egg-shaped things that allow you to unlock special things if you collect enough of them -RRB- . I love the dream sequences where you press buttons as creatures approach and these can also unlock costumes or special combo moves . This game has hours of gameplay because even after you beat the final boss you can still find the last precursors , replay levels , or try to get a gold trophy in a dream sequece . This game would especially appeal to fans of Mario as it is a platform-jumper and is not like many of the shoot-em-up PSP games.However , with every great thing there is a flaw . This games plot sucks . Why do you become an exterminator anyway ? And there should be another boss as the `` final one '' says his boss will `` meet you outside '' but you never fight this guy . Many of the missions you go on are fun but Sony does not show a point to them . Most areas you go to are for the exterminators profit . The main character -LRB- Daxter -RRB- does n't even remember his friend was captured until late in the game!Overall while the playing is fun , immersive , and long-lasting -LRB- about 25 hours to do the main game but you can still do a couple extra things -RRB- the story is terrible . But , I would still recommend buying the game as you can just not pay attention to the story at all .
 After reading some reviews I decided to purchase this title . Need I say it definitely lives up to the hype . Graphics , gameplay , level design , and everything else about this game is top notch , no doubt about it . You can feel the great effort that went into this game with every turn , move , and action that happens . It 's charming and also has a great sense of humor . There are certain parts that made me start cracking up , and I 'm 31 years old . I 'm amazed how the PSP handles this game without overheating b/c the graphics are intense . Characters are well animated and very creative . Voice acting is great also . So far I 'm about 30 % complete and I 'm absolutely hooked . The only negative thing I can say is sometimes the camera angles get a little screwy but nothing that really becomes bothersome . Extremely happy with the purchase and you will be too . Do n't hesitate in buying this game you wo n't be sorry . A blast to play and worth the money . Close to perfect as you can get .
 So the game itself is pretty easy with a little challenge here and there but over all super easy . The graphics and plot of the game were pretty good and controlling daxter was pretty fun since in the main line series you generally play Jak . Definitely a game I 'd recommend for kids seeing as if i remember correctly there was n't any cussing , just a little violence ... . of smashing bugs ... . lol not such a bad game .
 I received a copy of this recently and it 's pretty fun . The graphics are really nice and the game handles well . I hear it 's kind of short , but if you can get it really cheap and you like the Jak and Daxter console games , then this is a no brainer .
 Ok so this game is amazingly fun . i am 17 years old and i find it amusing a little difficult but fun if you like a challenge . my 6 year old cousin plays it a lot and he gets so excited when he plays .
 This is the greatest game I 've ever played . I mean , this is so much fun it should n't even be legal ! The next best platformer I 've played is probably Super Mario Sunshine . But if you are looking for a great original game to play this is it !
 The PSP was the first main stream portable system to bring console-like 3D graphics with you everywhere you go . Sure now a days not many games come out for it and a lot of PSP 's games fail to satisfy our expectations when a franchise that started on a console is translated to the PSP system . But one of the very few exceptions to this trend is Daxter . While made by Ready At Dawn Studios in collaboration with Naughty Dog , unlike the other games , this game has the same quality and type of gameplay and story elements as the games on PS2 that we know and love . The graphics are almost right on par with the PS2 games . Daxter looks exactly as he did on the PS2 with landmarks like the power station from Jak II looking exactly like it did on the PS2 . The story is solid and it took me quite a while to beat it -LRB- when compared to other PSP games -RRB- . I would say it took me around 6-7 hours to beat the story . Daxter is also one of those games that goes the extra mile to feature tons of extra content . Along with a lengthy story mode is a multiplayer mode where you can customize a bug with power ups -LRB- you get these in the story mode -RRB- and fight them against other players . Also in the story mode are mini-games that star Daxter while referencing different movies like The Matrix Reloaded and Braveheart . While these mini-games do n't have much to do with the story of the game , they are fun to play and challenging at the same time . The story takes place a little bit before Jak II when Daxter finds out how to get into Haven City 's prison and free his friend Jak who has been in there for almost 2 years . He gets a job as an exterminator in the meantime and is sent to different areas of Haven City to hunt down bugs . His weapons include a electric fly-swatter and a gas gun that paralyzes the bugs and acts as a levitation device so Daxter can get to hard to reach places.Daxter is a good prequel to Jak II and has all the elements that made the console Jak and Daxter games so great . The humor , the awesome gameplay , the impressive graphics , and story along with the extra content make Daxter not just one of the greatest PSP games , but one of the greatest platformers ever made !
 ... but i actually enjoyed the new Ratchet & Clank PSP game more then i did Daxter.It was a tie for the 2 games . I picked up Daxter & the new PSP Ratchet both on the same day , same purchase . I am not gon na say why the other is better or anything like that . But Daxter is a great game with plenty of things to do . A game of this epic scope its kinda hard 2 really enjoy it as much as you would have enjoy it if it was on your big screen TV . Its alittle hard 4 me 2 accept it on a small PSP screen . But overall i am pleased with my purchase . Conisdering the game was not designed by the original creators . They did a great job of creating an excellent adventure game title from a legendary series . Unlike the crew that developed Spyro & Crash after the owners jumped ship . Those 2 mascots are in desperate need of a GOOD make over .
 I 've always loved the Jak & Daxter series on the PS2 . Although Jak II left me a little ill with the series , the third game in the series restored my faith . Now , with Daxter for the Playstation Portable , I 'm even more into it . Taking place between the first and second games , you learn how Daxter spent his two years in Haven City and how he , ultimately , freed Jak . Needless to say , you 'll be quite surprised to see what he was up to . I , too , got this game for my birthday and I have to say it 's one of the best games that the PSP has available right now . The graphics are some of the best I 've seen on the PSP . There have been very few platfomers on the PSP that I can honestly say that I liked , even though I play alot of them . But , I 'm impressed with Daxter . I hope we see a second game come in the series or , maybe , a new Jak and Daxter game all together . I hear a new Ratchet and Clank game is in the works for the PSP for a Spring 2007 release called Ratchet and Clank
 This game reminds me a lot of the older Harry Potter games , but instead of carrying a magic wand like Potter did , Daxter carries a lethal bug swatter . There 's a lot of exploring around the different environments to collect stuff Daxter needs , much like in the Potter games , as well as a storyline and short animated clips that follow along the storyline . It also guides you through the various controls for the moves you need Daxter to do , again , much like the old Potter games did.The graphics are outstanding , the storyline is fun and interesting , and violence really is minimal since it is bugs Daxter is killing , after all , and not human characters . The environments in the many levels are fun to explore although at times can be tricky , as one wrong move can send Daxter plummeting over a steep edge or send him into oblivion.The music in ` Daxter ' is pleasant to listen to for long stretches , unlike some games where the music gets obnoxious pretty quickly like in the game ` Thrillville ' . This game keeps me hooked for hours at a time and is well worth its price . It definitely has replay value as well since the first time through usually results in missing quite a few of the collectible objects . I know I 'll be replaying it repeatedly not only because it 's fun , but also to go back and see if I can get the objects in the more challenging locations.If you 're having a hard time deciding which game to get next for your PSP and do n't already have this , choose this one ... you wo n't be disappointed ! : -RRB-
 This is a great game that is fun to play . The only downside is that it is a bit short but otherwise a great play .
 if i didnt accidently delete my save file , its a good game and it has a little bit of replay value but if u do everything the first time then you wont care to play it again
 If you like the Jak and daxter series you might like this if you have n't tried it yet.The graphics are pretty good and a great story line.Just got to love Daxter!Very fun game to play.It has got to be my favorite in the series .
 After 10 months with my PSP and Godfather , both Grand Theft Auto 's , MVP Baseball and Lumines I am completely hooked on Daxter . It 's the most fun , the wittiest and prettiest of all the games . Daxter has now justified my purchase of the PSP . It 's THE game to get .
 Daxter , is a great game . It offers unique levels , challenging bosses , and several vehicles levels that vary from driving and gunning . It is pretty easy to pick up and just start playing . However if your used to the sensitivity/accuracy of the PS2 dual-shock analog sticks you 'll be disappointed with the PSP . It is not a problem with the game but actually the hardware . It caused me several deaths during the construction site level when I was running along open steel girders and a slight tap of the analog stick sent Daxter plumiting to his doom . It was not as bad as it might seem since you can save at almost any point in the game , the load times are fast , and you have unlimited lives as far as I can tell . Overall the game provided a solid 10 hours of fun . My favorite part of the game had to be the dream sequences when you play some of the most memorable scenes from movies such as the Matrix , Lord of the Rings , or Indiana Jones . What I thought was a major downfall of the game was the lack of replayability . You collect orbs and other items throughout the game , and unlock special features like the ability to watch any cutscene again . Which is pointless if you have already beat the game you 've seen everything . There is a Bug Combat minigame that you can play , but when you break it down all your doing is playing paper-rock-scissors . Conclusion
 Seems like the PSP is finally getting around to some really good games . Daxter 's been an awesome one to play so far . I have n't finished it yet , but from what I understand it 's short . However , short missions and whatnot are good . I 'm generally on the run between classes and work so the shortness makes it easy for me to play a level or two . I definitely recommend this for everyone . Daxter 's humor alone gives this game five stars . The graphics/sound/gameplay are also another five stars easily . Get this game if you want a really fun game .
 Do n't let the cartoon characters fool you , this game is very well done and has quite a bit of depth . I 'm over 30 and thought my son would like it , but I ended up playing it much more than he has . The controls are great , the animation and graphics are first rate , funny story and dialogue , and a good variety of gameplay . Some levels you are squashing bugs , some levels you are riding a hoverbike , some are platform challenges . Easily one of my top 2 or three fav . PSP games .
 But Ill say more . Just got this today and am just starting to play the construction sight.WOW!My brother got the PSP about a year ago . I resisted buying one because there didnt seem to be any good games even though the system itself showed a lot of promise.I finaly gave in and got one last Feb. . I bought the GTA for PSP , Hot Shots golf and Star Wars Battle Front II . Loved them all . Glad I waited and very glad I got Daxter.Grafix are outstanding and so is the music and voice work . To my eye and ears they took my favorite platformer and packed it onto the PSPs screen . I loved the first three Jak games and this gem has not dissapointed.The bug combat mini game is a nice touch . Kinda like a Pokemon battle . You pick up new bugs and power ups for your bugs in the main Daxter game.Very glad I got this game . Very glad I waited to buy my PSP until now . There are finally enough great games to justify buying this system.PS . I also own an electric fly swatter in real life . It doesnt glow and arc like Daxters but it sure is a lot of fun . Heres hoping for a sequel
 I own a PSP and let me tell you , not too many games hold my interest like Daxter because one ; the graphics are not very impressive , two ; the controls seem too complicated and three ; there is no story line , it 's just a random map with enemies to kill . Daxter does the opposite of all of these , the graphics are amazing , the controls are flawless and the story actually works and ties in to the Daxter games on the PS2 . This is a must own game for the PSP because there ar n't many worth purchasing , but this one is one .
 As a parent I 'm extremely pleased with this game . It was well worth the money . This was the first game we purchased after buying our psp . My kids had really liked the Jak and Daxter series of games . Some are better than others . This is definitely one of the best in my opinion , if not the best . I do n't usually play games much anymore , but have played the first few levels and found it to be a really fun game . My 12 year old thinks it 's awesome . I 'm just hoping there are a few more games out there that are as good as this one .
 Daxter is one of the most fun games ever made , and it was designed for the PSP so it plays incredibly well . It starts out a little slow , but I did n't want it to end . The levels are HUGE , and there is a zero load time engine that almost eliminates load times ... almost ... Its part adventure , part shooter , has humor , innovative levels and puzzles , there is even a hot elven chick with big hooters.Simply an amazing game , its like a contemporary Mario 64 .
 The Jak and Daxter games for the PS2 have always been some of my favorite games and Naughty Dog rarely let 's their fans down . This is another great game in the series although as you would imagine from the title you play as Daxter alone . You are an exterminator and you go around killing different types of bugs and nasties . The boss battles are great and well done , the game is enormous considering it is a portable game ! The graphics are PS2 quality . The loading times are n't that bad , compared to some other PSP titles . My favorite level so far is the subway where you have to jump from one train to the other , it 's pretty wicked . There are even minigames sprinkled about , when you collect enough precurser orbs -LRB- the copper looking egg things -RRB- you can return to Daxter 's bed and he will have a dream sequence ! You play different action heroes depending on the dream for example
 The best game currently out there for the PSP.I researched all over the web and this game was rated as overall # 1 nearly everywhere -LRB- and if not , # 1 then it was # 2 -RRB- . You will not be disappointed with this highly entertaining game .
 in daxter u have to save jak from the guards and when u finish the story u have to make sure that u killed all the bugs or else they wont give u 100 % . and now lets talk about the game for any person who likes adventure games this will be a good game for u. u get gernede , fire and acid/flying tool . so u get to kill bugs in multiplayer mode u select bugs u unlocked and u fight with them the levels are pretty cool and creative -LRB- and for a little secret im not a very good video game player -RRB- and im doing pretty good on it . so its not hard hard its more like meduim hard . and u get to ride floating vehicles and race to not get caught the whole game is pretty hard but without a doubt this is a very good game . i dont even like video games so i bought this PSP just to play music , videos , pitures but when i saw all these game on the PSP like Daxter , Syphon Fitler , GTA liberty city & vice city , family guy i just knew i had to get those games . and to let u know a little secret why is daxter a greatest hits game because it sold more than 500,000 copies of the game and u still dont like it just give it a chance it ill probaly be good and u can not get it on no other platform but the PSP -LRB- so loved the game . very good game . -LRB- a must get for and jak and daxter fan out there a must get . oh yeah this game is a solo for daxter .
 Daxter is more or less a standalone title with barely any connections to the original Jak and Daxter series . It 's supposedly the between period of Jak and Daxter and Jak 2 but I just ca n't see the connection at all . You only see Jak at the very end of the game when you beat it and the storyline is short . The `` ecos '' are rarely mentioned in the game or have no significance.Some problems with the game include the occasional lag and small bits of glitches/bugs . When you walk outside of a building , there 's the lag for obvious reasons . The glitches/bugs are everywhere ; they 're mainly on jumping , walls , and that sonic blaster -LRB- the third gun -RRB- . During one of my games , there happened to be a glitch on the level before the final boss where I could n't jump or move as fast/far as a should . Cutscenes would appear very , very shakey at times.The bugs are annoying , but I got used to it very quickly.The story -LSB- for me -RSB- was incredibly short . Maybe I was hoping for more because I 've finished Jak and Daxter on the Playstation 2 and this was my first PSP game . I completed the whole game in a matter of 5-7 hours over a period of just under a week ? Now that 's short.There are quite a few levels on the game which is a major plus , but only 3 bosses . There 's a lack of instructions many times in the game especially on the boss levels . Great that they had infinite lives because the constant dying was frustrating.Now for the positives : - It 's actually really fun . There 's plenty of killing and adventuring to do . - Minigames ! Almost all in the same style but minigames nonetheless -LRB- parodies of famous movies -RRB- ! - Brings back some older and newer gamestyles . There 's driving levels and styles from previous games -LRB- see point above -RRB- . - Secrets/Cheats -LRB- Just masks and behind the scenes -RRB- . Despite all the negatives , the game is n't too bad . Having been released in 2006 , it was part of the earlier generation of PSP so other games had an edge if they were released 2008-present . Great game for the price . -LRB- I bought this game from the PSN store for my PSVita -RRB-
 Was in good condition and as advertized , Rating of E foreveryone , it is best suited to the younger players ratherthan Everyone ,
 I think this because it is a fun game and I liked in the game when daxter knew ku .
 Cheap as heck and is the best game you will find in years . you will spend hours playing through this game and if you 're lucky you just might beat it . . i said might ... Play the game and get it with no regrets .
 I bought this game based of the reviews and what my friend showed me . Sure enough it was really good but pathetically short . i 'm a big fan of Jak & Daxter so i wanted to make sure i had all the games before i started bragging . What really made me a big fan was my friend , he let me test it when he came over . I thought it was awesome . So i thought about it , and looked at some reviews and decided to get it.P.S . do n't pay attention to the the bad one star reviews . aaaaawwwwweeeessssooooommmmmeeee
 I had been hearing so much about this game . Then I looked at a gameplay video on Youtube . That was it ... I just HAD to buy this game ... It was a good choice , too ! This game is sooo awesome and so fun to play !! I would highly recommend this game to you !
 excellent product . now I 'm enjoying to the fullest . I liked it and have recommended it to friends . I really like the purchase . My girlfriend is haunted
 Great graphics . My son loves this game . This game was bought as a Christmas present and was worth it . Thumbs up .
 I bought this for my little sister who is 8 . It 's a lot of fun for everyone . It shipped to us quickly and came in perfect condition !
 This game is the best game in the entire series , its got sick humor , and a very dark and sinister story , and it was pretty violent for its day too , even with the bugs in the game i 'd still say get it , you wo n't be dissapointed , its an amazing game .
 I specifically remember being at WalMart with my aunt when she picked this game up for my uncle at random . `` This looks good '' she said but I thought it looked terrible . The box was purple and the gameplay screens on the back did n't look interesting . After my uncle got it and started it up , I knew I would have to go out myself and buy a copy . The story is excellent , the characters are well developed and the graphics are smooth . This is certainly the best game I have ever played on any platform .
 Super ! strategy , adventure , mystery , and horror ! all in one . Too bad no company does this type of themes in games anymore .
 This game , produced by the creator of Civilization , Alpha Centauri , SimGolf , Gettysburg , and Antietam , has a few big bad sides to it ! For example , some dances at the governor 's mansion can get real confusing . I suggest that when you divide the plunder at the end of your voyage , you revert down levels as soon as you can , or you will suffer terrible difficulty conquering or sneaking in or out of cities . Other than that , this game is the best !
 If ye ' be wantin ' adventurous fun , this be it , lads . Treasure ships and Trade Galleons will fear your name in this incredible game by Sid Meier . My only problem is how little there really is to do , great replay value though !
 I love this game . My dad , brother and I got it for X-mas and we loved making up different names . We always choose different skills and levels . And when you do ballroom dances , I can go to the end . But my dad ca n't . The most fun though , is when you fight the villans and get gold . The cut scenes are great -LRB- like when you a relative -RRB- . This is my favorite computer game .
 This game is absolutely charming . Simple to get into , great graphics , bug-free play -- colorful , funny , at times touching . Obviously , I love it , and if you 're a fan of , say , The Count of Monte Cristo , I think you will too . Easy for kids but you can ratchet up the difficulty if you like -- I do n't . So far . A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 This game is kind of strange . Its essential activities can be summarized
 A well-designed game that is relatively quick to learn - after one time through at the novice level , I moved right up to the highest difficulty level . Pirates ! is capable of providing many hours of enjoyment without the need for a fancy interface or any memorization . Tasks are somewhat repetitive , however , so make sure that this product has a core concept you 'd have fun with - experienced gamers will only need a few runthroughs to master the skills involved .
 This game is so much fun ! Whether it 's cappturing ships with a frigate , or trading with a merchant , Sid has it all . It has a few bugs thow ... The Havana Curse-you ca n't leave the town of HavanaWarp Pool-You sometimes just get moved some where elseFun-Throw all your other games away , you 'll have no need for them anymore .
 I do n't game a whole lot , but I recently found this classic game and have found it to be a barrel of fun . There are repetitive elements , so that once you have learned how to fence or dance , it 's always going to be the same kind of thing throughout the whole game . While hardcore gamers would find this a negative , as I 'm a casual gamer I find it good , as I can just pick up the game and get back in to where I was.The graphics are reasonably good for the game 's vintage , and it looks like it 's using the same graphics engine as Civilization IV -LRB- another game made by the same company -RRB- . And the gameplay is such that you do n't worry about the graphics.Even though you are a pirate , the game 's content is clean , and would be appropriate for kids ages 10 and up.I wish this game had multiplayer . Having ship-to-ship battles against your friends would be so much fun , and I ca n't believe Sid Meier made so grave an omission . If Sid ever decides to remake this game -LRB- itself a remake of a 1980s DOS game -RRB- , this would be the first feature I would add .
 had this game b-4 disk cracked . had 2 get it again ... great game . A light side to pirating and plundering the high seas
 HIS IS A GIFT FOR MY GRANDSON TO REPLACE A DAMAGED DISC . I AM SURE THAT AS SOON AS HE OPENS IT ON CHRISTMAS HE WILL PLAY IT RIGHT AWAY . PROMPT SERVICE AND QUICK DELIVERY
 I have n't opened this game yet . This is a second copy of the game and the first copy we have has lots of graphic problems . Hopefully this new version will work better .
 Fun for any age . I could spend hours in front of my computer playing this game . It really has the Sid Meier 's feel to it . The replay value is great as well . If you like pirates , buy this game .
 Pirates ! is an upgrade of the classic PC game . Like with many of Meier 's other games , it is open ended and there is more than one way to win . Also , like Civilization , it contains a Wikipedia-like Pirate-o-Pedia , whereupon players can learn about some real-life pirates such as Blackbeard and Stede Bonnet . Meier does not hide the fact that his game is colored by myth and that facts are mixed up ; not an attempt to recreate history . Still , should be a fun way to pretend to have your own Jolly Roger and attack merchant shipping ! HINT
 I have n't played this game myself suprisingly , but a few of my family members have now all requested it and love playing it . They 've ben playing it for quite some time and are still just as into it as day one .
 The new installment of the old classic -LRB- I remember playing Pirates Gold on the Sega Genesis -RRB- is a great update . The different difficult levels force players to hone their pirating skills on land , sea , and with the ladies.The tactical battle setup is a vast improvement . Crushing the enemy , drawing them into an ambush , or sneaking troops by to storm the city all come with their own risks and rewards . The only drawback is the inability to choose the type of troop you will have -LRB- i.e. pirates , officers , or buccaneers -RRB- . Additionally , it would be nice to have comparable troops to those of the enemy -LRB- mounted units perhaps ? -RRB- The sea battles are great . New ship types , difficult winds , and great graphics combine to make the battles both engaging and entertaining . Again , customization of the ships in your fleet could be more in-depth . You have the ability to change the type of cannons , the sails , and add extra troops , but actual full customization might be enjoyable.Finally , capturing the booty and the booty make for extra entertainment , as you attempt to not only conquer the New World , but also the heart of a beautiful governor 's daughter . Including side quests and the dancing portion are great improvements over the original , and bring finding a wife into a brighter spotlight.Overall , Sid Meier has done it again . Another great game for sim/strategy enthusiasts . The graphics , sounds , and game play are all top-notch . The only room for improvement would be through customization through means other than mods .
 Sid Meirs is genius . This game will give you many hours of intense game play . I wish there were more games of this quality to enjoy , instead of the mindless shoot-em-up stuff that makes up 90 % of the games sold . I love the open endness of the game which allows the player to enter the game as not only a pirate but a trader or Spanish raider . It 's also educational for younger players ; teaching them the geography of the tropics and the location of many current cities . Highly recommended !
 I loved this game . The graphics are good and it shows all the aspects of the life from a pirates eyes .
 I 'm told this is a great update of an old Sid Meier 's Classic . It 's apparently gotten a lot easier in the new edition -LRB- as video games tend to do -RRB- , but there 's plenty of challenge if you play in Swashbuckler mode.Good game with above-average -LRB- think B to B + -RRB- replay value .
 If you are looking to kill 3 hours during the day it is very easy to get wrapped up in plundering the seas . Not overly difficult , but fun .
 I loved this game . It 's pretty simple as games go , but it 's still lots of fun & very addictive . It 's hard to quit because there 's always one more thing left to do .
 This game is a great strategy/action game . It is fun for everyone from 8 to 80 . Be a pirate , swash buckle , dance with the governor 's daughter to get great items to help you plunder . Talk to the characters at the tavern for information and most importantly blow up ships and build your fleet !
 Fun , Fun , Fun , What a game !!! Hours of entertainment , a few improvements could be added , but overall , the best PC game I have played in years !! The game loads fast , plays well , great graphics , and the best part the game is always provides the player a different outcome.I have also kept scores such as $ $ $ plundered per game , -LRB- = $ 816,878.00 -RRB- . Highest Ransom paid to me , -LRB- $ 14,000.00 -RRB- which was the city of Panama.It is a game you and yours will enjoy individually or together .
 great game.graphics , interplay is great.we have the Primus strategy guide which has helped a lot.the only drawback we saw is you ca n't adjust the speed.it plays fast.so save at least a couple of times thru the game in case you want to go back and try a different strategy , use this especially in the higher difficulty levels .
 I was afraid this remake would n't live up to the classic , but it does . I love it .
 One of the best games I have played in a long time . The only thing I would like better is a bit more control over things , but its fun , and keeps you occupied for a long time .
 I got this game and CIV V for the family . This game is not a strategy game like CIV but still lots of fun !!
 I played the Commodore 64 version for YEARS , and when I heard a CD ROM version was coming , I jumped at the chance to relive my childhood . I enjoyed every weekend I spent playing this game .
 Great game to play if you want a pirate type game of grand thief auto LOL . Over all it just a fun game to play when you got nothing better to do or in the mood to be a pirate ! LOL
 I was introduced to this game while shopping for a b-day gift for 9 year old in Target . A stranger saw me looking at all the computer games , asked what I was looking for and strongly recommended the game . I took a chance and later heard that the recipient LOVED the game . A few months later , my 8 year old son bought it himself . He and his 7 year old brother love it too . This game is one of the games they play the most .
 A fun game to play at any pace . Based on the Sega Pirates Gold game just jazzed up and dressed up keeping the basic classic game play the same . I definitely enjoy watching the gun battles
 I 've been playing this game for a while now and think it 's just wonderful . and why should n't it be ? it 's open ended , never crashes or has any problems , you can get nice swords or pistols , search for buried treasure , conquer towns , and even flirt with the governers daughter BUT !!!! it doesnt live up to all it 's expectations . first of all realism is at a shameful low , like when you fire a broadside you 're litterally lobbing cannonballs at enemy ships and you just ram the enemy with you 're ship and instantly board . in another game called Age of Pirates Caribbean Tales -LRB- which has so many problems it is n't funny but hey you can fix em with a patch -RRB- realism is at an awesome high , cannonsballs fly fast , holes are made in sails and the hull . get to the enemy ship close and then throw a grappling hook to board . once boarded in Pirates ! the enemy captain will surrender or fight . if he chooses to fight you will battle him in an unreal game of real-time rock paper scissors . you can slash , chop , or thrust to get your enemy to the end of the ship were he falls off the edge . in age of pirates you run around on deck in first person and help your crew cut the opposition 's crew to pieces and then duel the captain -LRB- until he dies not fall off the edge of a ship ! -RRB- fire yor pistol even and let it reload and then fire again ! in pirates ! you do n't fire your pistol the computer does in a short movie and then you ca n't use it again . when you aproach a port on the world map of pirates ! you sail into it and it brings up a menu of where you can go -LRB- the tavern , governer 's mansion , etc. etc. -RRB- in age of pirates when you come up to a port in the world map you sail near to it then go to sea mode and then press a button to moor . once moored you may walk around chat to people minding they 're everday business even accept missions from the governer or other people . Pirates ! is a great game for people you enjoy fast , easy gameplay age of pirates is a great game for those who like to be in a more complex universe . buy either one and you mo n't be disapointed -LRB- except for age of pirates , be sure to get as many patches as possible and save frequently -RRB- .
 I got this game because I like sid meier 's other games . This one is nice I love the free style of play . The one draw back is the same tedious scenes over and over again . But overall a nice little game
 This game , by Sid Meier , is one of the best games he has made . It includes , good graphics , good storyline , epic duels , and a good game experience . An almost perfect game .
 The whole family from my 6 year old to me plays this game extensively . It is an open ended adventure game that has spurred trips to Saint Augustine and sailing museums . I strongly recommend it .
 This is not the typical smash and blast 'em game . Pirates requires some planning , coniving and deception ... in other words , much like life . If only more of the women in real life were as lovely as the women in Pirates .
 There 's a LOT of game in this box.There are enough delightful aspects to make it worth a geezer gamer 's time and enough light-hearted and simple action to be fun for any kid old enough to enjoy _ Treasure Island _ . For the hardcore I imagine it 's just a romp.Pirates ! is a beautifully-rendered set of minigames stitched together as a story-construction kit packed with yer basic pirate tall-tale elements , plus an extra or two just for fun.We got the swordfighting part , the ship-jacking part , the town-pillaging part , the pirate-treasure part -LRB- complete with fragmentary clues -RRB- . We got ripe chaos in the colonies , bad men , good women , and you.Oh . Did I mention there 's dancing?The action is in sailing , sea battles , sword fights and dancing . The controls in all of them are simple enough that the games are almost instantly immersive , and the acting is never bad , sometimes outstanding , with a lot of rewarding attention to detail . I 'll mention the tavern maid after she whacks a lout with a bottle and the exulting Spaniard captain.The pace is fast enough that you start out busy trying to keep up , the controls simple enough that you can definitely learn how , and about the time you do learn , the depth and detail of the game starts seeping in around the edges.The Caribbean political and economic situation is constantly changing . Everything about a colony except its existence depends on what comes in or out , by sea . The ships in the game are merchants and smugglers and immigrants and invasion fleets and raiders and garrison troops and couriers . And pirates , of course . You can , ahhh , interfere with this traffic , with consequences.Another major story element available is getting yourself hooked in to the Caribbean-wide gossip networks of Governor 's daughters , tavern maids and mysterious travelers . The latter two will chat with anyone , but the Governors ' daughters are choosy about who they 'll talk to . Who wants to talk to a pirate that lacks charm ? Dance with the ladies , Cap'n . Dancing , like swordfighting , has a definite rhythm and depends on paying very close attention to your partner . You get better -- there 's a basic common repertoire of simple four-step sequences that you soon learn to recognize -- but the variations as you climb the social ladder -LRB- did I mention that aspect of the game ? -RRB- get increasingly complex and the timing and cues subtler and more varied . Swordfighting is child 's play compared to the dances women invent.I 've only mentioned some major and minor parts -- sea battles ? assaulting cities ? -LRB- that one 's not an action game -RRB- ? marriage ? climbing the social ladder ? -- and there are lots of details I wo n't mention at all . I 'll summarize them all this way
 This game is undoubtedly one of Sid Meier 's best . The game is easy to learn , fun to play , has GREAT graphics , and several different difficulty levels . `` Pirates '' also has an interesting -LRB- if innaccurate -RRB- historical aspect . Nine famous pirates can be tracked down and defeated in the game , including Blackbeard , Henry Morgan , L'Ollonais , and Jean Lafitte . History buffs like myself will of course know that Lafitte and Blackbeard were about 115 years apart in history , but it certainly does n't take any fun out of the game.There are several different modes of play that keep the game interesting - sailing the seas , battling between ships , duels between you and various opponents -LRB- Ship Captains , Military Officers , Wanted Criminals , and other Pirates -RRB- , tactical attacks on cities -LRB- my personal favourite -RRB- , and dances with governors ' daughters . Each mode of play features fast paced yet simple gameplay and excellent graphics.When you are n't sailing around the world collecting loot , you can also play the storyline . This includes hunting down the evil Baron Raymondo to gather information about your family who was kidnapped when you were a child , followed by daring attempts to rescue them based on the info you gather . Even more important and dramatic is the search for the notorious Marquis Montalban , who had kidnapped your family in the first place due to a debt they owed . Another major game villain is Colonel Mendoza , who will kidnap any fair lady you are on the verge of marrying.The scale of the game is also impressive . There are dozens of cities and settlements to visit , each one either allied to the French , English , Dutch , or Spanish . There are also Pirate Havens where you may be asked what city is most vulnerable to attack . You are also able to expand your character 's abilities by purchasing or recieving as gifts everything from pistols to armor , to improved rudders , to telescopes , to dancing shoes , to shrunken heads , all of which improve the ability of your character.The game has so many options , quests and possibilities that you can play for hours on end without anything seeming stale . Truly one of the best games I have ever played.And yes , you can dig for buried treasure .
 This is my favorite game . There are so many cities it 's almost impossible to remember everything so it feels much like a new game each time you play . Sometimes the sea travel seems slow but they did speed up the ship battles in the last patch . There is no lewd behavior or language , no blood and guts , and no death so I think that this game is pretty family-friendly .
 Recently I bought Pirates for my son who is now at the age where he can enjoy computer games more and who has shown great interest in anything pertaining to pirates . Originally , I was going to play the game myself without high expectations of enjoying the game and then show him how to play . However , I 've enjoyed the game a great deal!There are five levels of difficulty , ranging from Apprentice to Swashbuckler and certain skills -LRB- fencing , medicine , romance , etc. -RRB- your pirate can possess.Your pirate is able to earn `` fame '' scores through
 This game is so addictive , I never want to stop playing it . There are five levels of difficulty , Apprentice , Journeyman , Adventurer , Rogue , and Swashbuckler . The object is to defeat notorious pirates , find buried treasure , defeat Marquis Montablan , and rescue all your family members . You can become the first , most notorious pirate in the entire Caribbean . I love this game .
 This game has a few dificult parts like sneeking out of the towns . But it contains all the pirate activities I could wish for , enough to keep you busy but not to many to get frustrated . After you get the hang of it It 's very fun with very easy controls.Soon all the fair maidens will faint at the sound of your name and sailors will tremble , your home country will stand proud when they hear you sunk another ship.Capturing towns , wooing fair maidens , finding buried treasure , defeating pirates , and transporting imigrants are only some of the things you do . In all it deserves 100 stars !
 Dad , mom , and three kids all enjoy this game . It can be played on many levels and does not contain the sort of graphic images that would preclude the children in our household . The kids enjoy the adventurous nature of the game , while the adults like the strategic aspects . Plenty of fun , easy to learn , and the difficulty level accomodates a range of players . A game everyone can enjoy .
 In today 's gaming world so much time is spent on nitpicking pixels to death that so often we overlook the basic concept of games
 We gave this game to our teenage son for Christmas a couple of years ago . It 's interesting to note that he -LRB- and I -RRB- still play the game on a regular basis.Just in case you are not aware of this game , here 's the premis : You are a young man living in the 1600s -LRB- you choose whether you play starting in the 1620s , 1640s , 1660s , or 1680s -RRB- , and members of your family have been kidnapped by the ruthless Spanish Count Montablan . He hauled them off to the new world and you pursue him in an effort to find and free them . Since you have no money you sign on as a crew member of a Dutch , French , English , or Spanish ship to make your way from Europe to the Americas . On the way over the crew mutinies and you are appointed captain . Game play begins just before you arrive at your first home port.When you arrive in a port you can do one of several things :1 -RRB- You can visit the governor . He will give you a letter of marque , direct you to the nearest enemy port , and perhaps introduce you to his daughter . All governors have daughters in this game . Sometimes the daughter will invite you to dance . When you dance well enough she will then give you information , helpful items , and a kiss . When you defeat enemy ships , capture enemy towns , or defeat pirates you earn promotions , land , and prestige ... not to mention gold ! 2 -RRB- You can visit the tavern . The tavern is where you recruit crew for your ship -LRB- s -RRB- and gain additional information .3 -RRB- You can visit the town merchant . This is where you can sell the stuff you take from other ships and where you can buy most things you need .4 -RRB- You can visit the shipyard . This is where you can repair your ship and buy improvements for it.There are other things you can do in town , like check your status , divide the plunder you 've collected , etc.When you leave port you sail in search of family members , enemy ships to capture , hidden treasure cities , buried treasure , etc. . Enjoy running gun battles at sea , sword fights when you board an enemy ship , and rescuing family and lovely ladies . You can also direct your crew as you attack enemy towns in land battles . If you win you can capture towns and appoint a governor from the country of your choice . But do n't worry too much about allegiances , you can switch from fighting from one country to another at will . Beware , however , because as you fight a country , capture its cities and towns they will post an increasingly large bounty on your head!This is an open ended game . You may play as long as you like , and end it whenever you choose . The primary goal is up to you , but keep in mind that the longer you play the older and slower your hero becomes . Then when you decide to retire the ranks you have earned , the beauty of your wife , the amount of gold you 've collected , the number of family members you 've rescued , and the overall number of prestige points you 've accumulated determines what you become after you retire from pirating . The highest post-pirate career is governor and the lowest is a pick-pocket . The game offers several levels of play , so there 's a challenge for most anyone , and a level that most anyone can play.Parents ... this game is rated `` E '' . There is no blood in the swordfights , and no one appears to die ... they mostly get pushed or jump overboard or get knocked out . Even during ship to ship battles ship crew size drops as crew members drop into the water after broadsides hit.The game is quite fun , and has a surprising amount of staying power . Also , the game is educational . Players can learn about buying and selling , resource management , and the geography of the Caribbean.All in all , I rate this a 5-star game ... playable , fun , interesting and challenging - depending on the level you choose . Give it a try and throw in the occasional `` Yo , ho , ho ! '' as you play , just for gusto .
 Sid Meier 's Pirates is inventive and original . It has some aspects of the game that I have n't seen in other games . I like the idea of trying to build up my treasure within a certain time frame -LRB- your pirate ages and you can only be a pirate for so long before your health ca n't take it anymore -RRB- . Trying to win the love of the daughters of the Govenors in the different cities is also fun . The only problem is after awhile the game starts to feel repetitive . If you are trying to sail against the wind for a long journey , it can take forever to get there -LRB- it would be nice if there was a way to speed up the sailing -RRB- . Overall it is a fun game , but I have to take long breaks away from it for it to keep being fun .
 I have been playing this game for years . I return to it over and over again . This is my second purchase , because I do n't want to ever be without this game . Buy it if you love pirates or even if you would just love to explore the Carribean .
 Just recieved today the 19th was not supposed to be here until the 25th , so I surprised and thrilled . Game is very good and awesome.Great game !!
 I love this game . The graphics are old , the action is stilted but I still love it . If you are of the age when pirates and cowboys filled the TV screen rather than robots and laser guns , this is a trip back to your childhood . There is strategy and timing but hand and eye coordination , while helpful , is not the most important aspect of the game . You travel around the world as it was during the high pirate years fighting , dancing , discovering treasure and most of all , looking for your kidnapped family members . I have played many times but have n't been able to win . -LRB- have come very close though -RRB-
 Pirates was my very first computer game , it came in a bundle with Railroad tycoon and a couple of lamer titles . -LRB- Rex Nebular & Command HQ -RRB- It was great in its day -LRB- 1987 -RRB- . And now that its been remade is much more exciting and enjoyable.I love the open -LRB- Sand Box -RRB- world of Pirates ! This is the same game just with greatly updated 3D graphics , sounds and music . A classic example of `` If there 's nothing wrong , do n't break it '' . Sailing around the Caribbean attacking enemy ships , fighting for a nation , sacking towns or just being a cold blooded pirate and attacking anything you wish . Is still just as fun as it was back in 1987 . I love the ship battles and sword fights , and in Pirates there 's plenty of that!In this new title the map is randomized each time you start a new game , Leaving the historical cities and landmarks in there rightful locations while moving the treasures , lost cities , family members , and settlements . This makes every new game a different experience . If only there was some form of multi-player . Its also a great game for kids and adults alike . With enough action and battles for the younger players and enough of the tactical objective game play for the older players . Its NOT a ship sailing simulator that will take hours/days of time for each encounter , and a thick book of commands and controls . Its a good mix of fun yet challenging battles and solid game play that makes Pirates one of best games I have ever played.I give this a 9.5 out of 10 . It will run on almost any PC built in the last five years . I even have Pirates running on my NETBOOK!Get it now ! Especially if you have n't played it before .
 It 's hard to imagine that a game about being a pirate could be fun , but this game breaks all the rules about what is fun . Who knew that a game of sailing from city to city could turn into an adventure.But that is what makes Pirates ! special . This is not a simple trading game . Sure you can make money being a peaceful trader and sailing between ports , but the game truly comes into its own when you get into the spirit of the game and attack one faction or another . Once you join in the fighting , you can attack cities or ships , woo the daughters of governors allied to your nation , defeat pirates and find the treasure they buried on land , and search for your kidnapped family.The controls can take a little time to get used to and swordfights are definitely a challenge at first , but the game easily becomes one where you start playing saying `` I 'll play for 1 hour '' and when you finally look back at the clock 5 or more hours have passed as you terrorized the Spanish Armada and raided the treasure fleet.This is a great game for all ages .
 A classic . Manually controlled swordfighting , great trading , collecting , quests and freeplay . Very replayable . Innocent enough for kids but fun for anyone who likes to game . Very addictive , be warned .
 I do n't know much about this game as it was for my son . But he absolutely loves it and plays it regularly .
 There 's a lot to enjoy about this game . It 's very easy to learn , game controls are simple , and the creative aspects are superb . The graphics leave something to be desired , but overall it 's a great game to waste a couple weeks on . I would say the only big downside is the redundancy after playing the game for a while . Sea battles , sword fights , sailing around doing the same thing can get old . Nice game for 12-14 year olds . But really , who does n't like pirates ?
 While the game is fun the headache of having to move eastward is a nightmare , it just drags on and on and on , while tacking into the winds is helpful it is n't a cure all , other than that the game is tons of fun , from the ships to ship , swords to sword and land based turn battles this is a very fun game .
 VERY IMPORTANT . I love this game , but I must warn you there are 2 versions . The Atari and the 2K one . I have the Atari , and love it . I do n't no how good the 2K is . Thanks
 Within minutes of installing this on my windows 7 machine , I was up and running and playing . Controls are very intuitive , and gameplay is deceptively easy.Fun , and even my 11 year old enjoyed it . In all , fun to play , easy to load , and yes it does wok in Windows 7
 My husband and I purchased this game for our family , and were thrilled with the results . The graphics are good , the sound is enjoyable . The game play is intuitive and fun , customizable to suit your level of skill . It does require the game to be in the CD-Rom to play , but that 's hardly a detractor.It is Sid Meier 's at his best . If you want something fun for the whole family , at a great price , that has lasting appeal , `` Sid Meier 's Pirates '' is one to consider.One warning , it is an addictive game , once I started playing it I could not stop for a few hours . Best to start on the weekend when you have time to enjoy it fully . Our family likes it so much , we bought a second copy .
 Product by Amazon from iNetVideo : As described . Very pleased with the representation and actual material of the product . All the pictures in the description were accurate and the box included the Cd in a nice glossy 2 disc flat pack case , the thick binded 143 page game booklet/instruction manual , and the cool fold out map of the Caribbean that I had to have ! The price was awesome ! And the shipping faster than I expected . Very pleased with the marketing of the game.Game Review : - Presentation - A good looking 3D game with 3D modeled ships and environment with multiple camera angles -LRB- including a 3rd person view ! -RRB- . It can look good even if your system is not state of the art . Any 128 MB graphics card and accompanying system will get the job done . On my Windows system with Nvidia 256 MB graphics it looked great ! - Storyline - Very open ended and arcade like game . Has a story that you can choose to follow or not ! It is up to you ! Fun any way ! Be a good merchant or a dreaded pirate however you please ! - Gameplay core - The controls are simple and take advantage of your desktop 's numpad for sailing , swashbuckling , dancing , and the various other missions you encounter . A point and click interface are used everywhere there is not real-time action going on . The controls are responsive and fairly easy to learn.-Gameplay fundamentals - All aspects of the game are thought out and are what they should be -LRB- Example
 As a historian , I am greatly impressed by this game . As a strategy game enthusiast , I am equally impressed . And as a game designer , I am completely blown away . This is one of the hands-down best strategy video games ever made , and it is more than worth the money to buy!One of the side benefits of this game is that it can actually teach you real history . Not in an `` in-your-face '' way , but subtlely and with finesse . If you play this game enough , you 'll soon discover that the entire foundation of the European exploitation of the Western Hemisphere was absolutely rooted in the Caribbean . Moreover , you 'll begin to learn the names of some of the more important colonies , and get a fairly good basic feel for which areas were settled at which time throughout the 17th Century.Another fantastic historical lesson is from the military technological perspective . This game totally demonstrates how the Spanish reliance on humongous , slow-moving warships was a total mistake . It does n't take long to figure out that a medium-sized ship equipped with the best technological advancements will almost always defeat a much larger opponent in a sea battle . This is precisely what took place historically . It was the poorer European nations such as England and the Netherlands that turned to the smaller-sized ships to defeat the large , ungainly `` floating castles '' that the Spanish continued to build and have sunk - a good example of this was the battles that took place during the Spanish Armada 's attempt to invade England . This game completely demonstrates this historical tactical reality.Yet another historical lesson is how vulnerable the Spanish colonies were to piracy . With thousands of islands lying between the rich Spanish colonies along the northern coast of South America and the mother country , pirates were able to easily find safe haven from the pirate chasers , thus making it impossible to protect the shipping lanes that were transporting unimaginable amounts of wealth across the sea . It is impossible to play this game without realizing how futile it was for the Spanish to try to protect their interests in the New World from marauding pirates.One thing I thought that would have improved the historicity of this game would have been to have played up the conflict between the Catholic and Protestant nationalities - this game takes place during the period of the most intense conflict in Europe during the Reformation , and this is one of the reasons that so much of this violence leaked over into the Caribbean between different nations . This is touched upon a little in the game , but I felt that it could have been played up a little more . However , this is not a criticism , but more of a thoughtful consideration.But all that aside , do n't play this game to learn history - play it because it is absolutely rocking fun ! And you 'll end up learning something about history along the way , even if you do n't want to !
 Very popular in my house , although I have never played . I would recommend for people who like this type of game . It 's hard to find , so if you think you might like it , order quickly !
 By now , everyone who is going to love this game already does . As a matter of fact , we 're all hoping and praying for Sid Meier 's Pirates 2 ! So here 's a message for Mr. Meier
 Sids Pirates is probably the best application of Sim behavior that he managed to produce . Pirates follows your character , a nameless family member who 's entire extended family is captured by a quitessential evil baron , and sent to the Americas . You follow as a member of a various faction -LRB- British , Spanish , French , Dutch -RRB- in order to resuce them , becoming a privateer in the meantime . As you work for various governments capturing ships and cargo , you garner lands and titles , discover hidden Incan cities , plunder buried prate treasure , and confront famous pirates past . You can also woe and dance your spare hours aware with the governers daughter.Combat is this game is pathetically easy . Ram ship , dispatch enemy captain , hooray . However , if you 're feelnig malicious , you can blast away sails , grapeshot the crew overboard , or sink her with roundshot , even after they run up the white . You also are n't belabored with crippled ships -LRB- Your ship , the flagship , sets the pace -RRB- This does n't make it any less fun . Sacking cities is a bit trickier , and can require some significant strategy in order to prevail against greater numbers.Travel is sometimes annoying . The windlass is a bit misleading , and different ships run into or in front of the wind in ways that sometimes do n't make sense , but a through explanation of wind and ship types helps with this . Morale also plummets at odd times , unless theres a steady stream of treasure incoming , which there usually is . Side quests , while repetitive , do n't lose their charm for being integral to the progression of the various settlements . Probably my only real infuriating complaint is Simese , which I 've hated since the release of the Sims . As they added enough voices that they 're rarely repeated , I 'd have thought a halfway decent voice acting cast would 've been just as easy to run.Overall , this game is fanstastic . Fun , engaging , relatively frustrating at times , and it actually manages to convey a sense of adventure . Only a few annoyances with the system and setup prevent it from being perfect . Its also safe for all ages , though younger kids probably wo n't get some of the theme . And despite its age , its graphics and sound still are good enough to get a thumbs up . Considering its now in bargain bins across the land , go pick it up .
 I had already purchased some pirate-themed video games over the past couple of years and became glad that I threw my hat into that genre . Apparently this genre is unique in that it involves elements of both role-playing games and action adventures . The other pirate games I have played focus on the main theme of trade , which is fun from the business and economy sense . -LRB- Buy low and sell high ; the more money you make , the more expensive features become available . -RRB- Sid Meier 's Pirates ! deviates from those games , though . -LRB- Actually , this game concept came out in 1987 , so perhaps the other games deviated from this one . -RRB- Pirates ! is based on an objective-clearing system -LRB- the more objectives cleared - and there are many - the higher your ranking -RRB- , though it is open-ended to the point that you fulfill those ones you want to and with what priority.Some of these objectives include : * Rescuing family members - gather maps and learn secrets to their whereabouts * Finding buried treasure - you actually disembark from your ship , walk on land with a small band of mates , and compare your location to the map markers * Courting Governors ' daughters - this involves the eight directions of movement that must be done in sync with your female counterpart * Sea battles - this is how you make your money , pick up some loot , and make your fellow sailors happy * Attacking towns - if you tick off one of the four nations -LRB- Spain , France , England , Holland -RRB- too much , you will have difficulty entering their ports . What finer excuse to engage in an in-game strategy interface and try to take the town by positioning range and melee units on a board map?There are other objectives in this game , as well , which bring out the great strategic and action value of this game . Thus , the true genius of Pirates ! is the amalgamation of action , adventure , strategy , and role-playing games all into one title . I have not seen this level of diversity in a video game before , and I must say that this was perhaps the best $ 10 I ever spent on entertainment!The music and the graphics of Pirates ! are somewhat sub-par for what we are used to nowadays , I must admit . However , the game concepts are so simple , yet so diverse , that you wo n't totally be bothered by the sound or visuals . Actually , the graphics of the ocean and land while you are at sea are pretty fantastic , though you will notice that some things just do n't add up when you consider real-time events.On that topic -LRB- real time events -RRB- , I think that is the greatest weakness of Pirates ! But again , the diversity of the game somehow makes up for that . What I mean by weakness in real time events are these : A -RRB- You have the ability to sneak into enemy towns . This is a great concept , but everything is done in super slow motion - even when you are running
 I purchased this game to play with my kids . I admit that the repeat graphics and perdictability of the game tend to make it less exciting then other games I have played . But I contiue to play the game long after my kids have grown tired of playing . No gore or over the top violence . Not crazy about the overly busty bar wenches , for the kids . But beyond that I most enjoy raising an army of pirates and attacking the cities . FUN !
 I had recently purchased a poor substitute from Atari a few months back , thinking it was the updated version of Sid Meier 's classic game I used to play on the Sega or Commodore 64 as a kid . It soon became obvious that I had been saddled with a plastic paper weight . But it drove me to look a little harder for an updated version of Pirates!Much to my surprise and delight Sid had indeed upgraded the game to a more modern version compatiable on the latest computers and operating systems . Like the original version which captivated my friends and I for hours at a time , this game delivers all the fun and excitement as the original with all the expected aspects of multiple game play from trader to diplomat to plunderer . The graphics are great , and the ease of play is fantastic . I would give this game a perfect rating but have only two misgivings , the dancing and swordplay interaction seem difficult and cumbersome on a numeric keypad.However , if you are a better sailor and do n't care for Governor 's daughters anyway , than you may not have any problems at all , just a treasure chest of fun !! Live the Life !!!
 I love this game , I love it so much whenever I had lost a copy I 'd simply buy another . This is my third copy . Everyone that I know that has played this game loves it too , it 's easy to learn and once you have the controls down you are ready to play . It has a lot of mini quests that make up the whole game . Beware
 Next to Diablo II , this is one of the best RPG games I 've played . After a while the dancing and Sword fighting gets a little stale , But I challenge anyone to get 126 points has a Swashbuckler . The game is easy to play with just the mouse and number pad . Great game and you ca n't beat the price for the hours of playing the many different combinations . Thanks Sid .
 We played Pirates ! back on the old Commodore 64 and it was one of our favorite games of all time , so we were thrilled when we saw that there was a release for the PC . This plays a lot like the original game and is still an exceptionally fun game.The basic goal of the game is to rise as high as possible by building a reputation , wealth , and completing missions for various leaders -LRB- governors , priests , etc -RRB- . Your reputation will be important as you attempt to impress the various governor 's daughters -LRB- ultimately seeking the hand of one in marriage -RRB- . Dancing with the daughters is very important and you will need to do it a lot , but it is also the one aspect of the game that I do n't like as it does get somewhat repetitive.There are several basic ways to get wealth , but preying on ships of whatever country is at war with yours is one of the fastest . I really enjoy the ship to ship and captain to captain combat that is involved in capturing other ships , but watch out for the pirate hunters that seek you out when you become more famous . You can also gather pieces of treasure maps that will lead to hordes of gold , but that generally takes more time.Like all pirate captains you have to make some tough choices and worry about keeping your crew happy -LRB- or you might find yourself on the wrong end of a mutiny -RRB- . This is an addictive game that can be played over and over but one complaint from my daughter is that you can only be a male in the game.Recommended!CFH
 Sid Meier 's Pirates begins with you as a 17th century boy , you and family taken away and jailed because of some unpaid debts . But you escape . Then it 's fast forward to you as a young adult , elected by your crew as their captain . So , skipping over most details , here you are , sailing the high the seas in search for your family and , while at it , a little fame , glory , and fortune.The action part of the game starts out with a little colonization but that 's only the beginning . The game gradually grows and expands as you play . There is a large map and , before you know it , you can find yourself stuck in the middle of the ocean , low food and water , commanding an unhappy and demoralized crew so make sure you plan ahead before you venture too far off shore.You will go through many ship battles throughout the game . In preparation , while in ports , you upgrade your ship and prepare for the unexpected . The battle can begin with a little cannon fire followed by , if the enemy ship refuses to sink , by boarding the enemy and , if you have the skills and the guts , dueling the captain 1 on 1 while your crew fights the other . The crew is very important because if your crew is defeated you are forced to surrender so you better keep the well fed and ready to do battle . If you defeat the other crew the enemy captain must surrender . The game falls on crew sizes because you can have as many people as you want on a ship . The ship will never seem crowded and when you sail with a large crew your cannons will reload faster , and your sails will change faster on command . And ... they are going to need a lot more food.If you want to raid a town you need to fire at their port . The hard part about that is that you ca n't fire your cannons unless you 're in a battle . So you either spend a huge amount of time getting the port 's people that could be French , Dutch , Spanish , or English to hate you and attack you you or you miss a shot and hit the port . Either way that can get very annoying . If you do get the port to attack you their port cannons will start to shoot at you . This attack is kind of pathetic because it 's usually only one small cannon shooting at you . If you get close enough to the port you can try to rush them and duel the head guard . Or you can try to sneak in and then the game turns super strategic . Your men become like board game pieces as you sneak through forests or try and run towards the enemy pieces and kill them all . This can become very hard if they outnumber you before the match begins so planning is essential . If you are victorious you can replace the governor of the town to whoever you like as long as it 's not you.The graphics of the game are pretty good , considering its age . You can switch between two views . You can have an overhead view or a straight forward view . This latter looks nice but it can lag some of the slower computers.Pirates met and exceeded my not so high expectations for an old classic encore . I am giving this little game 4 stars -LRB- means `` I like it '' -RRB- for the successful facelift and for a good balance of strategy and action . Even though the game shows its age , it 's still a few hours of honest entertainment . The fact that my 12 yr . old is playing it should be a good indicator that the facelift did not fail . Buy it ` used ' for a couple of bucks and you ca n't go wrong . -- Alan was here -- >> Brush your teeth , it 's the law ! < <
 A great remake of t he classic!First , game play is really easy . Just make sure you have they right specifications to play the game or it will slow down the land battles casuing impossible play . I also recommend you use the number pad for better play . You can make the game as hard as you want by selecting the diifculy level . THe more you play , the harder you can make it.Great graphics of the Spanish main with realistic sounds and sword fighting . Challenges using memory and puzzles to search for lost family members and burried treasure . As you play on , your character ages and it relects on your look and abilities . It 's like a virtual againg making game play harder when you age.Good clean fun for all ages with moderate violence . Great for younger kids !
 I will not say that this game does not have its problems the most annoying aspect of which is dancing with the governor 's daughter 500 times -LRB- that 's not an exaggeration I counted -RRB- there is also the issue of the repetition of the vast majority of the cut scenes . However I will say for all of its faults the game is fun to play . A couple of hours spent blasting Dutch or Spanish shipping is never a waste of time . Some battles require a battlewagon with 45 guns others require a lighter faster ship , your choiceOverall-I do n't think people need to lower their expectations about a game or anything but they do need to quite acting like every game they play is going to be the `` best game ever '' you 're just setting yourself up for disappointment when you go into a situation like that .
 I 've wanted to get this game when it came out but kept forgetting about it . I finally ordered it and I 'm glad I did ! You have a great deal of freedom in the game and can sail around fighting or befriending whomever you 'd like . The dancing mini game is also suprisingly fun . It 's quircky and campy and deffinitly fun .
 This is a fascinating game , it has a lot of hidden historical treasures behind it . I believe the designers based this game on the journal notes from `` The Illustrated Pirate Diares , A Remarkable Eyewitness Account of Captain Morgan and the Buccaneers '' , by Alexander Exquemelin . From the story of Franois L'Olonnais , the Career of Captain Henry Morgan , Rock the Brazilian , to Morgan 's capture of Maracaibo , Riohacha , Santa Catalina and the city of Panama.You can choose from 4 colonial powers , Dutch , English , French and Spanish.Enjoy it !
 This game is a blast to play and I have never been disappointed with anygames from Sid Meiers . I would definitely recommend this game .
 From playing this game back on the Sega Genesis to the computer version to even now this game rocks . There are too numerous adventures to play . Hours upon hours of cutlass swinging , mast breaking , treasure finding , relative rescuing fun . Ca n't beat .
 This game is alot of fun to play again and again . Every time it is different . We all had fun helping each other find treasures and lost relatives and laughed at each other doing the dancing . From the best gamer in the house to the novice gamer , we all enjoyed it .
 I 've only had this game for two weeks and I was a little worried that some of the bad reviewers would be right and that the game would get boring . That did n't happen with me.This game is a lot of fun and a bit addictive , in ways alot of other games are not.The premise of the game is simple . You play as a young man who 's family was ruined by a Spanish nobleman but you escape . You take to sea under either the British , French , Dutch or Spanish but quickly mutiny against your cruel Captain . At this point , the game is completely up to you.Unlike many games , where there is a progression you must follow in order to move the game along , you are not bound to any storyline . You can accept a letter of marque from any or all of the powers in the Caribbean and wage war on their behalf ; attacking the shipping , capturing ships , raiding cities or you can simply attack any ships that happen to be in your areaYou can devote your time to reuniting your long-lost family and avenging those responsible . You can go after the other pirates and attempt to locate their lost treasure . You can explore for lost cities of the Incas and Aztecs.you can do anything you like ; stay loyal to one or more nations and target only their enemies or play the game of shifting alliances , serving one power and then another . Court the daughters of the governors , fight enemies , track down criminals , recruit men to serve on your ships , build up a fleet ... anything you want to do , you can.One of the most unique aspects of the game is the aging . I can not think of any other game real-time or not that includes this . Basically , you will have between 20-30 years to do your best -LRB- or worst -RRB- and then age catches up to you . You 're not long as quick with the sword as you were and soon you find yourself unable to take down the Captain of the Guards in the city or to best the Captain of an enemy vessel . You 'll notice when this happens and you must just find yourself in prison if you 're not careful . This of course is when you divide up the plunder for the last time and go into retirement . Here you will get to see how well you did and what becomes of you.Another aspect is the wind . While some reviewers found this frustrating , I found it fun . Instead of just mindlessly attacking ships from any direction , you have to set yourself up to be upwind from your prey and sometimes , this is n't possible and you 'll be forced to give up the chase . It may get annoying when you need to travel from west to east on the big map , say from the Gulf of Mexico to the Bahamas but that 's life.There are a few criticisms ... You possibly could go your whole game experience without ever engaging in combat with other ships . Only you can initiate combat , even if you are near enemy ships much more powerful than your own . You may get a cannonball from them on the big map which will do some minor damage but that 's it . Maybe on the harder difficulties this is n't true , but it would have been nice if your enemies could engage you and force you to fight or run for your life.When it comes time to divide the plunder -LRB- something you must do every now and then as your pirate crew will go restless -RRB- , several months go by and then you can resume your adventure . However , you only have your flagship , even if you had several other ships when you went into port . Any supplies you had are also gone . This is somewhat annoying as you might capture a couple of good ships but you know you 'll have to get rid of them at some point . It would have been nice if they had allowed you keep what you wanted.Another is the lack of diversity in the characters and cutscenes . Every tavern looks the same except for the barmaiden . Ditto for the daughters though some are a bit more ... well endowed than others . The governors are all the same for each power . And the fights are the same over and over ... oh you may start on the forecastle at one time and the main deck on another but aside from that , there is no real difference.Aside from that , the game is n't lacking much . There are so many aspects of the game to explore that you 'll end up playing it several times . Ultimately , the goal of the game is to retire successfully ; marry an attractive daughter , amass a fortune in gold and land , be famous for defeating the other pirates , etc.So if you 're looking for a fun game , one that allows you alot of freedom of movement and one that you 'll play more than once , this is it .
 Though it would be family friendly , I 'm proof that it 's highly addictive to adults too!The different eras and levels of difficulty mean that the game can be played many times over . Various piratical activities offer the chance to use different skills - dancing needs some coordination , whereas for land battles you 'll need to strategise.It 's great fun seeing your pirate become more and more famous and rise through the dastardly ranks as you defeat other notorious characters.Highly recommended .
 As a diehard Civ fan , I picked up this game not sure what to expect -- and was blown away . It is fun , addictive , and much more lighthearted than some of the Civ-class games . One of my favorite things about this game is the way it combines multiple activities within the gameplay
 Pirates ! is an adventurous game for an age range of about 8 - ??? You play a man that has lost his family and is looking for them while privateering for the Powers
 Pros
 This game is so fun to play ! The only thing I did n't like about it was when I was forced to retire . The only real problem with it is like other reviewers have stated ; you start to play it and before you know it half the day has passed and you tell yourself you are going to do just one more thing . . ahh ! But if you want a game that 's fun and has really good replay value this is it !
 I was pleasantly surprised to hear how much my husband liked this game . He knows a lot about boats and excitedly told me that they got all the boats right on the game . So not only does he have a great time playing it with the kids , but they also get to learn about the different ships , sizes , weapons that were used and more !
 The game is different each time you play it and it 's fun . I have Pirate Hunter also which is similar but this game is easier to control than Pirate Hunter .
 This is truly a fun game . My husband and I have played for hours at a time . I 've had no trouble with crashes , bugs , etc. . Just lack of sleep ! If you want a game for pure enjoyment , strategy , and adventure , this is definitely it !
 I played the original and I always thought it was fun , but it was really old . I was really glad when this game came out because it touted itself as an updated Pirates ! And boy is it ! This game is so simple and that makes it so much fun . You basically go around on a ship and find treasure , attack cities , trade , woo women , sword fight , get into ship battles , and rescue your family ! All the while you have to deal with the weather , repairs , food , and mutiny . There are also plenty of missions to go on . The game is really endearing too . It 's just plain fun.The only downside I can possibly think of is how every town pretty much looks the same . They may have certain unique features like what they sell or something , but for the most part , they are all the same . I did n't really mind this since the focus of the game are n't the ports . It 's about going out on the open sea and being a pirate . In that respect , this game blows everyone else out of the water . Buy this if you can !
 My 11 yr old LOVES THIS GAME . We bought it as an alternative to Online Pirates of the carribean . He says while you ca n't walk all around the cities like the online game , this game is much better .
 The original Pirates game was so enjoyable I was thrilled to see this upgrade released . It is quite similar to the original , a light-hearted game that can be enjoyed without micromanagement . Not extremely technical in nature it is just a easy to play , relaxing and fun game . As an old-timer I never could quite get the hang of the dance though which pretty much did the game in for me . I 'm sure that its not all that hard for those more proficient in video games . If you want a detailed thinking simulation this game is not it . If you want a fun game for some relaxation , is easy to learn but still offers you numerous options this is a good choice . If only I could master that dance !
 Sid Meier 's Pirates is worth all the money spent and all the time while playing the game . It is a remake of an elder game but an excellent job it is.The game is somewhat difficult , but it should n't be easy . It gives you four or five levels if difficulty and allows , if you save the game often , some re-playability . Music is first class , however any voice 's are just mumbles , but you understand what 's going on . Four countries you can play for and even then you can pirate your county and move on.I highly recommend this game for someone who wants to play for hours of fun and that you can leave on your computer for weeks and pick it up an go whenever.Typically of Sid Meiers workmanship . Easy 5 stars.viperbob - New Jersey
 Bought as a birthday present to one of my many nephews . He 's a pirate-a-holic I guess you could say , and being a boy , addicted to video games as well . I know , I know , it almost seems like I 'm just adding fuel to the fire , but I checked out a few other reviews and said that this simulation game actually teaches a little about economy and supply-and-demand . Maybe it 's just wishful thinking ? Haha , oh well ... boys will be boys ! Yarrrgh !
 After moving , I could no longer find this game in my collection . Then I bought a DVD version from another group and it was n't the same . They substituted their own videos instead of using 2K 's and it crashed the software several times . Finally convinced I needed the original two disc set , my search started . Finally , after contacting several Amazon.com merchants , I was able to find exactly what I was looking for . Brand new , in the box , sealed from 2005 . I imported my saved games from several years ago and it was as if I never lost the game . This game is fun , no levels to complete before saving , just stop anytime you think you can .
 I have always loved Pirates , from the very first verion the current one , this game is simople to learn and great fun to play . I has fantastic graphics , and smooth transitions and the A.I. is prerrty good too . Your actions affect everything you do ... If you dig up the other pirates treasures , like blackbeard and Captian kidd 's , they come lookiing for you . It has some differences from the older versions , first you ' l notice is the Govener 's Daughters , they are full BUSTED AND SOME ARE FLOWEING OUT OF THEIR CORSETTE , TIGHTENED DRESSES . You do n't win there hearts by running errons for them , you have to learn their dances , and perform them correctly to win the Women 's hearts , but , it is worth it ! They give you gifts that would cost alot more in the taverns , and these gifts are important htroughout the game . They also tell you secrets to find villians , and what ports they are in . Another difference is , the trading menus , they have taken out trading tobacco and rum . I guess to become more polically correct . This game has historical value , it actually set to the correct timeline of when the major cities came into exhistance . I just think this game has a simplicity that works . It is never the same game , it is different every time you play , and the advenure time , makes reslaliy time fly !!! I hope that Sid Meier will keep updating mand modifying Pirates for the next generation of computer !!! I am sure anyone who buys this game will become a Pirates , addict !!!!!
 This game reminds me a lot of Oregon Trail , except it 's pirates . So if you liked Oregon Trail , you will really like this game . 5 Stars for fun .
 My husband bought this game , and completely enjoyed it ! He loved the action and the whole pirate theme . The only problem he had was that our anti-virus caused the game to crash at the start up . We had AVG free edition , and switched to the Avast -LRB- free edition -RRB- . That fixed the crashing . The Company that sold the game delivered the disk in a quick amount of time and in good condition . Very happy with the purchase . : -RRB-
 I was looking forward to this game , as I 'm sure a lot of other people were as well . And I was not let down . From the time I bought it -LRB- the day after its delayed release date , September 15 -RRB- I did n't put it down for almost 2 months ! I have the old GBA version of Harvest Moon as well . I was pleasantly surprised to discover that they were compatable ! I 've heard people complain about the controls , but they dont bother me too bad . I was happy to be able to move stuff around unlike in the GBA game -LRB- obviously -RRB- . Like the GBA version , I find it highly addictive . Your money would be well spent on this game .
 Who says a game has to be ultra-violent to be good . Harvest Moon DS proves that you do n't need flying splatters of blood , guts and heavy artillery to make a good game . Highly recommended for young children and adults alike .
 i almost did not buy this game because of all the reviews saying glitches well iam very happy i bought it anyways i have played it every day since i got it and i have not had even 1 glitch so dont hesitate just buy it like i said there are no glitches
 This DS game was purchased for my great-grandson age 7 and he was very happy when he recieved . He 's a great kid that loves any kind of game . He can play this game for hours at the time . It 's just like having a built in baby sitter for us .
 Harvest Moon DS is a great game for hours of fun ! Yet I 'm trying not to sound like a jerk here but it is n't really the best RPG game I own ... But it is still a VERY good game ! But my ONLY major complaint is one little glitch in the game that erases your file . So i 'll say this now
 Harvest Moon DS is ideal for true harvest moon fans . Tasks are challenging . It 's for someone who truly loves the Harvest Moon experience !
 Harvest Moon is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUN ! My dad ordered it right here from Amazon.com and after reading the reviews I was scared it would be WAY too glitchy . After I got it in the mail I did n't have any glitches exept after two weeks of playing it but I only had one tiny glitch , all you have to do is save every now-and-then and you wo n't have a problem.Hint : If you buy this game and you want to buy a cow DO N'T buy a fodder animal shelter , even though it is the cheapest !!! I bought one and it collapesed and killed my cow !
 I 've always liked Harvest Moon games and this one is a great addition . I like how they have incoporated the touch screen and like I 've already stated about this game is quite addicitve just like all of the others
 This game is so much fun . . and it has an INCREDIBLE amount of things to do in it . It seems like they took the best parts of FoMT and AWL to make this game . It gets four starts because of the large amount of glitches . . some of which are game-breaking . After all the delays , you 'd think they would have been fixed . Hopefully the ` for girls ' version will fix them .
 I love harvest moon . One of my favorite games . Truly i would recommend Harvest Moon
 I absolutely love this game . If you 're a Harvest Moon Fan , this is a must have . If you have never played the Harvest Moon series before , you could easily get this game and understand the concept of the game .
 Gameplay
 Having played Harvest Moon for many years I can tell you with near certainty that this may be the best harvest moon ever . There are a few glitches in the game that detract from gameplay but the game is otherwise flawless as a tribute to the older harvest moon games and as an introduction to Harvest Moon games to come . The game holds many secrets and challenges you in an effort to rescue the Harvest Goddess , the game has many humorous encounters and old hands will enjoy the many references to AWL and FoMT . I would definately recommend this game to people who 've played any of the Harvest Moon games .
 I love it !!! yeah it can take a while saving money to buy things and you have to have patience but thats the fun of the game ! Its what keeps you going , like i kept giving gifts to the bachalors because i wanted to get married and have a kid ... in the game only . I had to wait to get my first cow and it seemed like forever but when i got i felt like i accoplished somthing and was pride of myself . As corny as that sounds i love all the harvest moon games that i played with so far . I honestly think you should try them all but if its this one and island of happiness , pick THIS ONE !!! I just bought Grand Bazaar and hope its good , but i will let you know for sure . As far as glitches I had only one and i play the game alot . Its not a huge deal as long as you save and you have to say every time you go to bed , plus the days are not that long so if you have to redu a day you be okay , i mean its annoying but not a reason not to get it .
 I have loved this game ever since I found out about it 7 years ago and when I got it for my DS I was impressed . It tends to go a little slow sometimes and some things have changed from the old gameboy game , but re-learning it is half the fun . If you love rpg 's that are easy-going and fun , you 'll love this game .
 It 's not exactly like the Game Cube harvest moon games . In this game , you start off like it is a real farm . You have to buy a log shed , stone , barn , chicken house , everything but the house . But so far , I would say it 's worth getting the game , my sister would agree , because she ca n't put it down .
 I had n't found a fun DS game yet , until this one.It 's a lot of fun and very cute ! : -RSB-
 i 've played the previous harvest moon game 's on game boy and PS2 , this one is very similar . If it 's the first time you 've played it GET IT , if you have played the other versions , just skip it .
 Some people below are not taking into account that not everyone has played all the harvest moon games . I have n't played a Harvest Moon game in a long time . I felt like I should hold out for a while and let the improvements collect a bit before purchases another one.As far as the graphics go , I think it looks great . Not every game needs to be the latest and greatest 3d to look good . Everything is 2d , but it is beautiful 2d IMO . We did n't stop painting once we learned to sculpt.The game seems to take all my favorite aspects from the different Harvest Moon games and lump them in together . I like variety in these games and this installment has variety in spades . There are plenty of animals for the farm -LRB- now we have ducks as well -RRB- . There is a large selection of crops . In some of the previous game they cheaped out on the crop selection , which I think is a big mistake consider this is a farming sim . Cooking is around in this game , and there are a large variety of recipes to work out . I believe this is the most bachlorettes there has ever been in a game -LRB- if you link up with a mineral town game you get even more bachlorettes choices -RRB- . Marriage is included as well as children . They have included harvest sprites as hired labor , which is nice consider the large amount of fields you are given . They are tons of improvements for your farm both cosmetic and functional . Structures can be built out of a variety of material giving it varying amounts of durability . If you spend alot of time adding buildings and add-ons to your farm is can get very large , which makes the harvest sprites a great blessing . Festivals are included in this game and I believe seem to happen at a greater interval . There is a casino as well in this game , which allows you to gain some useful items . Mining is back agian and has a large variety of items to unearth . You get a dog and cat at the start of the game and a horse later on . As in real life , the cat is worthless . It just lays around the farm . They should make it chase off mice or something . The only thing it 's good for is impressing the girls . They all seem to love the cat . The dog if trained will chase away wild animals . The horse as usual is good for riding and has a pack to assist in harvesting . Almost every aspect of harvest moon has been magnified . Plus it 's on a portable system , which is where I believe Harvest Moon belongs . The touch pad is used for all the game 's menus.If you have n't bought a Harvest Moon in a long time , then this is the one to get .
 Harvest Moon DS * uses the top screen for most of the `` going ons '' and the bottom touch screen for the rucksack , TV , Items , ect . It brings the idea of an interactive game to a whole new Lv . You can now raise ducks , sheep and cows . Along with a horse , cat , and dog given to you at the beginning of the game . With a special tool you can use the stylus and the touch screen to brush and wash all the animals . This game also makes shopping easier . All you have to do is use your phone to place an order and bam , there it is . Overall , this game is similar to the HM for GBA but it had to many new features that it 's a great buy , * I imported Harvest Moon DS -LRB- for girl 's -RRB- so the version I played was in Japanese but other than not knowing `` main '' conversations I can play it with out a problem .
 Harvest Moon DS is a great overall game and I am very happy that I bought it . However , it does have some major problems , but unless your game has a serious problem , the pros outweigh the cons.PROS : - Lots of possible girls to marry -LRB- about 14 -RRB- , including a witch , the Harvest Goddess , and a mermaid - Many different crops and animals - You can pet , brush , milk , and shear animals with the touch screen - You can get the harvest sprites to do some of your farm work - Four different mines , some with over 1,000 levels - The game combines the graphics and gameplay of Harvest Moon
 It 's true that the graphics are n't fantastic , but what do you expect when the Japanese are trying to keep it traditional ? You are still farming in Harvest Moon DS , and many ways it is like the game cube version of Harvest Moon It 's a Wonderful Life . You are in the same world , but you can telephone to Mineral Town . If you do own More Friends of Mineral Town , or Mineral Town you can have the gang come and visit on their days off.Your marriage prospects are also a little bit different . You can still marry Muffy , Celia , and Nami , but now you can also marry Lumina , and Flora . Besides them there are a whole bunch of potential gals to court including a mermaid , a princess , a witch princess , the goddess , and the girls from mineral town . -LRB- Note
 For fans of Harvest Moon , nothing could be more rewarding than a game that finally includes both Mineral Town and Forget-Me-Not Valley . This game is more than ' A Wonderful Life ' for the DS platform . It offers a very rich and varied life for the player , from farming , ranching , mining and fishing to courtship and family life . The addition of Harvest Sprite Teams and the need to ` rescue ' each Sprite in order to be able to use his services adds another dimension to the game . Another new element is the Sprite Casino with three gambling games
 Harvest Moon , for those that do n't know , is a long-running franchise of farming sim games that somehow has proven to be fun and addictive over and over again.Harvest Moon DS is basically a handheld rendition of the first Gamecube version , a Wonderful Life . You start out with a rundown plot of land in Forget-Me-Not Valley . You have all the time in the world to turn it into a profitable and enjoyable farm by growing crops , raising livestock , fishing , mining , and my favorite part , starting a family . Oh , and along the way you have to rescue helpful little Harvest Sprites . It 's strangely addictive , with you basically being able to choose your own destiny . Also , parents may take note that it is a very clean , non-violent game that rewards hard work.If you played A Wonderful Life , there are a few changes
 This game follows in the same line as most other harvest moon games , but seems to take place after A wonderful life . Everyone already knows your father is dead , and your not really new . You have the same problems , getting married , growing crops , raising livestock , but now , you have to find harvest sprites . Its kind of like Magical Melody , but when you rescue certin harvest sprites , they will help you with things like watering crops , petting your livestock and more . One of the many new great things about this game is the basement . you can get up to three of them , and if you dig in the mine you will find diffrent suns -LRB- spring , summer winter , fall -RRB- . Using these , you are able to grow crops that grow in that sun anytime . That means during winter you can still have a good crop income . One bad thing is that your buildings can fall down if made out of something weak . If animal sheds , bird sheds , or any other building that holds things falls down , you lose what was in there . So you can lose all your animals in a bad storm.Another good thing is that you can have more animals homes . Now you can have a eight bird or animal sheds total . However , each one only holds 4 animals . One of the other diffrent things that has not been in most games is the phone aspect . Now , you rarely leave your house to buy things . You use the phone for the grocery store , building man , blacksmith , cow and sheep place , and the chicken place.This game is really a great game , and if your a fan for harvest moon games , you have to get this one .
 In this game , the main character has several goals to meet . The main goal being to rescue all the harvest sprites and the Harvest Goddess , who has been sent who knows where by the Witch Princess in a prank . Another is to befriend and woo one of Forget-Me-Not Valley 's many female residents and marry her.But there 's more to it than that.Those who have played other Harvest Moon games will have the general gist of this game . The player farms , tends livestock , gathers items that grows wild , mines , fishes , makes friends ... the list goes on . The basic formula is the same . However a few new twists have been added in this DS version that make it unique.The player can use the Nintendo DS stylus to perform various functions , such as petting or milking or washing the livestock . How well you do depends on your score in the milking , washing or petting mini-games . There is also more than one mine , many of them containing ` dark ' livestock who will attempt to attack the mining player and cause them a loss of stamina which makes mining challenging at the very least . Also new to this version are accessories that can influence the main character when worn , such as raise stamina or show the player just how friendly a given villager is . Much of the shopping can now be done by phone from the main character 's house , and trees can also be grown as well as crops , cows , chickens , ducks , a horse and sheep.This game stands on its own . Those interested in it can play it even if they 've never played another Harvest Moon game . They may wish to buy a guide for it or look at online guides to give them some pointers on how to play it better , however.Overall I give this game four stars , but only because of the time factor . In this game time passes very quickly and this makes it difficult to accomplish all the tasks the player may want to do . Also , this game has the occasional glitch , sometimes freezing up in the middle of play . Frequent saves will keep the player from being too frustrated with this problem , and some people might not experience this particular glitch at all . Online search shows other , rarer glitches in this game as well , for some people.All in all , it 's a good , solid game . There 's plenty to do , and enough variety to keep the game from becoming tedious . I find myself playing it still , after having purchased it three months ago . It 's one of my favorite versions of Harvest Moon out there .
 I love this game , I would write a longer review but I 'd rather go back to playing it . : -RRB-
 Granted it does look kinda homo , but it is a great game and will burn your time away . Its little hard in the begining but gets fun after a time , highly recomend .
 I have a DS , and I 've been looking for some cool interesting games for some time . Then I found Harvest Moon DS , and it sounds great !! You can even marry someone and have children ! Based on the reviews , I think this is a totally great game for those who have not played Harvest Moon yet . If you 're looking for another game that sounds good , try Animal Crossing
 I am a big fan of harvest moon games , -LRB- i have every game except this one -RRB- by all the helpful reveiws i thnik fans like me should really get this game . I played this game at my friends house and this game is the best ! It is similar to HM : Magical Melody , but this game is alot better , the more harvest sprites you unlock the lasier you could be . Just kiding !!! -LRB- even though it is true -RRB- So anyone who likes the siries , BUY THIS GAME !!! I WISH I COULD !!!
 I bought this game for my little cousin 's birthday . He 's 9 or 10 , I do n't remember ... eh does n't matter . What matters that his older sister -LRB- 12 -RRB- and he loves that game a lot . It seems there 's a lot of mundane chores in that game . I guess there 's something about us Asians enjoying grinding out levels in RPG 's . Those kids are probably more addicted to it than having fun :P .
 first off , i 'm a huge harvest moon fan . i have every single harvest moon for every system.okay , so i 've read the reviews and there is at least one valid point against this game , that being - there are a fair amount of glitches.other than this one drawback , the game is awesome.too many of the reviewers compared this HM to the console versions of HM which is pretty unfair to do being as the console and handheld versions are very different . of course you 're going to hate the handheld versions if you have a prefrence for consoles . but comparing this game to the other HMs for the gameboys and ds , well , it is an amazing game . it for sure ties or beats them.there is much to do , many options for marriage , they made the game a little harder than the other HMs , the graphics are great , the touch screen animal care is great , etc. . . nothing bad to say about it aside from the glitches . and you know what , if you save often enough and sometimes on file two , you should n't have too much of an issue with the freezes . so , sure the glitches suck , but dude , the game is worth a few glitches !
 this is a nice game . get it . you can do lots of things , and read the guide cuz you can find out A LOT from it . i 'm trying to marry the mermaid . darryl is weird , and dr. hardy is downright creepy . he always talks about it being `` inconvenient '' to live a long time . scary . the graphics are n't the best , but hey , it 's at least portable so you can play it wherever -LRB- except a swimming pool -RRB- . you actually can use the touch screen , but it 's easier to use the buttons . i wish they put more stuff in for the stylus . oh well . GET THIS AWESOME GAME !!!!! IT 'S ACTUALLY FUN !!!! YOU DO N'T KNOW 'TILL YOU TRY IT !!!!!! that is all .
 Whenever I put the cartridge into my DS , it does n't read the game ! The only way I can get it to work is by moistening the actual chip -LRB- the part showing at the bottom of the back -RRB- and pushing it in/out multiple times ! Even then , when I turn on the game , it freezes at the part where it 's supposed to say `` licensed by Nintendo ! '' When I finally get it to work , it freezes every now and then . Aside from all the glitches , it 's still a good game . The only thing I hate is that my animals sometimes become unhappy even when I feed them . Another bad thing is that I can never catch fish . You can only catch them at like 6:00 -8:50 . Luckily you can get money from the fish from the Harvest Sprites . Like I said , this game is good but the glitches and bugs really bring down it 's rating .
 I have to say this game is mighty addicting , I recently lost my copy s i 'm on Amazon buying a new one . If you are patient , this wo n't be a problem for you . Glitches DO appear . Now , on my game they are n't very serious , just screen freezing , my advice is to save every time you water a plant , or when you wake up , daily things , just save it and it 's fine . This game is sooooo much fun . I play it all the time . Hope this was helpful
 I 've edited my review . Here 's what I originally wrote : I got this game for Christmas , because I was sooooo looking forward to have a Harvest Moon Game for Nintendo DS ! I WAS N'T disappointed . So far , I have come across no bad glitches -LRB- no freezing up or any thing -RRB- and the game has been great fun.PROS-Fun-Continues Harvest Moon Series , with added touch screen features.-Cute ! Cute ! Cute!CONS - Said to have glitches -LRB- I have n't had any -RRB- - Gets tedious - Difficult -LRB- If you want an easier game I recommendHarvest Moon Another Wonderful Life.All in all a great game to play . Plus really cute !!! ;--RRB- ** Edit
 This is a great game ! I really enjoy this game . It is the best game I have ever played . It is sooooooo much fun ! If you liked the Gamecube version then do n't get this game ! Compared to the Gamecube version it sucks !
 This is a great game , graphics are good , the people are great , and it 's really easy to get a LOT of money ! I traded it in a while ago and I really regret it . I 'm getting a used on for cheap right now , its that amazing ! < 3 I highly recommend it.P.S . A great cheat is to hire the fishing team in the winter for seven days on the beach to fish and you will get a billion dollars , no joke I counted the zeros . It has to be winter , for seven days , the fishing team , and on the beach or it will not work . Good luck ! : -RRB-
 Having only played one HM game in the past -LRB- the GB color version -RRB- , I am blessed with the fact that I have nothing to compare this game version to . As a result I can say that I 've fully enjoyed this version with two exceptions . The game freezes & the game 's occasional spelling error . There 's nothing more frustrating than getting to the middle of a day , only to discover that the game has frozen on you . The misspellings are n't really annoying more than they are funny , but since the HM series is fairly popular I ca n't understand why the translations were n't better edited.The game play is fairly easy to get used to & is full of the typical fun that you should apparently expect from the HM series . -LRB- My sister is a big fan so she gave me some of her input when I started this game . -RRB- Even if you 've never played any of the games before it 's not hard to catch on to everything.Overall I 'd recommend this game to anyone but I would n't pay full price for it . Go get a used copy or borrow one off of your best friend.EDIT : After a few months of playing , I finally experienced the save file error & had to start over again . It was either that or only play in one save file . After experiencing that I have to admit that my fondness for the game wore off a bit . I ended up just going ahead & ordering HM Cute , but I 'll play this one until Cute arrives . I still had fun , but now I think I 'd lower the rating down to 3 stars if I could . I was willing to overlook the other glitches but a save game error really has no excuse - it 's just plain sloppiness & laziness on the part of the game manufacturers .
 Harvest Moon is a total buyer ! You can spend hours -- no , DAYS on harvest moon ! For me , it never gets boring . If you set goals in Harvest Moon , the game starts to get really fun ! The main goal of the game is to start a family , build your farm , and make money . There is no violence or anything like that so it is good for little kids . You can get married with one of the town girls and have a kid , or if you have Harvest Moon : Friends of Mineral town you can connect with the DS version to the GBA version . You can plant trees or an assortment of plants , and you can mine or you can pick up weeds , sticks and stones from empty fields and sell them . There is no real-time gaming so an hour is mabye 10 game days , depending on how late you stay up . I recommend this game for little kids , teens and adults alike ! Plus , there are lots of websites with tips for Harvest Moon DS .
 I absolutly love all the games in the Harvest Moon series and this one is no exception . Its one of my favorite games and is so addictive I play it all the time.People have been saying do n't buy this game because of all the glitches in the game . Yes some games may have a few glitches but its not as bad as everyone says it is . My game has frozen probably twice -LRB- three times max -RRB- but it was only when my character would go to bed and I always saved before he went to sleep . That was monthes and monthes ago and no problems have popped up since then . The freezing does n't make any progress loss since the last save point so just save every so often and it should n't be a problem.I really love the graphics and it makes a lot of the characters quite cute in my opinion . And its not really hard to save up for a lot of the expensive items or upgrades , it just requires mining and selling the items.The only problem really is that some people can not marry the Witch . The US version does not count how many animals have died -LRB- you must kill 50 to marry her -RRB- so the Witch is suppose to be the only girl you can not marry . The others are n't that hard to court -LRB- besides the other three special girls but they do n't have any problems like the Witch -RRB- . All in all , no matter what people say , this game was definitly worth the money . Its so fun , I would have payed even more for it ! The glitches are n't as bad as everyone makes them out to be and it never stops being fun . In fact , I 'm thinking of buying a second one so I can marry four different candidates .
 I 've been playing the Harvest Moon series for quite a while now . Everytime a new one comes out I just have to have it . It 's fun and addictive . Though this one is a bit glitchy at times , ie
 This game is AMAZING ! When I got mine , I played it that exact moment . There are many things in this game like there are 14 girls you can marry , there are seasons so you can plant crops and get money , you can dig in the mines to find jewls and other things , and you can befriend the villagers and meet a mermaid ! The graphics on this are very well handled , the music is really nice sounding , there are alot of characters . I reccomend buying this game ... it is GREAT !
 I was really looking forward to this game coming out , even though it got delayed twice as it was supposed to be out in July , then August . After reading a few of the first poor reviews i put off buying it until i read the better review of it . I just bought it today and I really like it . Its a lot like the playstation back to nature one , graphics wise and the way you farm and smash rocks with the hammer and all . So those who say it should have been on the gameboy advance just think that the PS1 system had decent 3D graphics and had releases like this one . It has the characters and town from the game cube wonderful life so its like a mix of a few releases . I think its great that harvest moon is on a portable and it makes use of the touch screen , most likely why it was n't made for the GBA . Even then it is the same price as GBA games so I do n't know why people are complaining . Plus seeing how you can see pictures of the graphics on the internet and the game 's case itself , it should n't have been a shock . I have grown bored of video games lately as they make a lot of ones with great graphics but poor stories and game play . I would rate this as one of the better DS games as they tend to make games which focus on must using the touch screen more than the game play itself which make for very few games for the system i have found enjoyable so far . In this case the touch screen in a benefit as its used to move and equip things quickly . I would have rated this game a 5 if it did have better graphics and movement ... you ca n't move diagonal which should n't have been that hard to add into the game .
 I really like Harvest moon ds ! I got it by accident 'cause my aunt did n't realize that I wanted MFoMT instead of this . But MAN ! It 's so much fun ! Yes I did have the freezing up glich but started over and found the legendary sword which I had n't found in the past game ! I also had all the makers , the stocking , triggered lots of events I had n't done before , and almost have all the harvest sprites ! I do miss my old gameplay and sometimes wish it was n't messed up . But my new gameplay is awsome ! I totally reccomned this game ! Happy harvesting !
 X-Mas gift for my wife . She plays the Harvest Moon series of games and has both Rune Factory games . Naturally she likes this game too .
 I have been a big fan of the Harvest Moon games for a long time ... I have bought every single one that they brought out for the PS2 Platform . . So needless to say when I heard that they were finally coming out with a Harvest Moon game for the DS I was exhilirated ! The only reason I dropped this game down on both ratings to 4 is because the game freezes up on me at least twice a week ... It will also sometimes have my farmland on the game scrambled and my character ca n't walk around and till , water or plant crops in the soil . Sometimes if I just go inside my house and come back out , the scrambled screen will go away , but 50 % of the time I have to turn the DS off and restart it . I have never had this happen with any of my other Harvest Moon games . Even with this , the rest of the game is quite engaging . It will not deter me from buying newer Harvest moon games on any of the platforms ... I plan on buying future DS Harvest moon games as well .
 Harvest Moon Ds will keep you playing for hours ! The naughty witch princess accidently made the harvest goddess and all the harvest sprites disappear . It 's up to you to find them all ! In this game you get not only a free dog but also a free black cat !! Aww , it 's so cute ! Getting married is really fun ! But it 's kinda weird since you play as a boy and marry a girl -LRB- I 'm a girl -RRB- But the babies are really cute ! The town is alot better than in the GBA ! It is much bigger and the graphics are enhanced ! Pick up this game and get ready for a farming adventure of your life ! Be sure not to litter , it makes people not like you ! You can not marry the goddess or the witch .
 I have n't had the opportunity to play every Harvest Moon game available , but having played a few of the most popular I can say that thee DS Harvest Moon is one of the best.I 've discovered a few glitches , but they seem to change from cartridge to cartridge . And none of them are very bothersome .
 Great game , but has fatal glitches that erase game save data . Otherwise , it 's a great game that I love .
 Its a great game but I would recomend the game cube version before this one . You ca n't choose your sex in this one . But over all it 's very fun and enjoyable . Fast delivery
 Havest moon ds is really fun !!! It was the first game I bought for my ds . There are soo many things to do !!! And there are no glitches . I dont know why people keep saying there are so many glitches . . and if there are , theyre minor glitches.But if you play for too long . . it kind of gets boring , but still , its a great game , and its one of the cheapest . xD
 If you 're a girl , you may want to purchase Harvest Moon DS Cute . It has a few more aspects that I think a girl would enjoy . I bought just HM DS because I did not know there was a DS Cute version . In this version you can only play a boy . It 's still a lot of fun and anybody who loves the Harvest Moon series would enjoy this game .
 A good game over all , but I had unusual trouble with getting Lara to swing on a rope . I ended up bypassing a section of one level because I could not get past the rope section , even after going to an earlier place and practicing . At least in this version you can get around problems . Not the case with xbox versions of later games .
 I 'll add what you can espect from this game.This game has these Puzzle Games you can choose from . with a description of it and how many puzzle are in them.The Booklet also tells you how to play them , so if you do n't know , you 'll be able to learn it .1 -RRB- Easy Crosswords - quick and easy crosswords -LRB- With 75 PUZZLES -RRB- 2 -RRB- Challenge - bigger crosswords with non-crptic clues -LRB- With 75 PUZZLES -RRB- 3 -RRB- Codebreakers - match letters to numbers and make words -LRB- With 105 PUZZLES -RRB- 4 -RRB- Cryptic - crosswords with all crptic clues -LRB- With 30 PUZZLES -RRB- 5 -RRB- Diamonds - small easy crosswords -LRB- With 64 PUZZLES -RRB- 6 -RRB- Word Search - find listed words hidden in grid -LRB- With 211 PUZZLES -RRB- 7 -RRB- Mini WordSearch - find listed words hidden in grid -LRB- With 52 PUZZLES -RRB- 8 -RRB- Micro Word Search - find listed words hidden in grid -LRB- With 36 PUZZLES -RRB- 9 -RRB- Kriss Kross - fit the listed words into the grid -LRB- With 90 PUZZLES -RRB- 10 -RRB- Mini Kriss Kross - fit the listed words into the grid -LRB- With 51 PUZZLES -RRB- 11 -RRB- Number Jig - fit the listed numbers into the grid -LRB- With 162 PUZZLES -RRB- 12 -RRB- Back Words - find the black squares -LRB- With 46 PUZZLES -RRB- You can change the background picture with pictures you unlocked after you beated some puzzles . I Do n't know how the unlocking comes about , but once in awhile you unclock pictures , music and trophies . You can also create profiles.I created a profile that i named Practice . once I learn how to play , i switch to my main profile so i only save what I want . Your game is rank on how long it took you to complete and how hard it was.Replay value is something I 'm not thinking about because theres so many puzzles . This thing might take me more then a year to complete . I think as long as you play the big puzzle boards in this game , you 'll forget where the numbers and letters are , that when you go back to an old puzzle , you would have already forgotten where the numbers or letters are . Music is relaxing.It may be hard for some people with eyesite problems to see some of the text , I recommend turning up the brightness because it helps .
 Plain and simple ... if you like crossword puzzles , word searches , brain teasers , anagrams , cryptic clues , codebreakers , etc. this is the game for you . The more you play , the more challenging it gets . For only $ 20 , it is worth it -LRB- if this is your type of game -RRB- . If you like , Exit , Mercury , Lumines , or PQ , you will surely like this game . It requires thought and a lot of it . This game should keep you entertained for hours upon hours . Replay value would only to beat your old scores . Hope this helps .
 I seen this game in my local EB 's and , considering as to how I like Word Find Puzzles , I decided to get it for my PS2 . Yet , seeing as to how it was made with the original PS2 Blue disc in mind for its ' format and my PS2 no longer plays them , I decided to get the game for my PSP . I 'm happy that I did because this is a game that 's great to play on the go and otherwise . It contains well over 1000 word and logic puzzle games , providing 200 + hours of gameplay to exercise your mind as well as entertain the puzzle lover in you . It also has game sharing technology in which you can play via wireless connection with one disc for the PSP system . For $ 19.99 , you just ca n't beat that . This is a game I heartily recommend for hours of fun .
 Fine collection of puzzle variations and numerous backdrops and music to unlock will make this a great alternative to hauling thick puzzle books around . And best of all , you wo n't get ink on your hands or stab yourself with a pencil .
 I was looking for a new game to play that was different than my other games -LRB- Katamari , Burnout , Loco Roco , Valkyrie Profile , etc -RRB- , and I saw this one got really high ratings . I have always loved doing word-searches -LRB- and to a lesser extent , crosswords -RRB- , and while I had no clue how it would work on a PSP , I decided to give it a try . It exceeded my expectations ! The controls are easy to work and to remember , the clues for the crosswords are clear , and it 's a lot of fun ! This is actually the first time I have been able to put the PSP down since I got the game this afternoon , and that is only because the battery conked out on me . Otherwise , I would still be playing . Incredibly addictive , easy for beginners but also challenging for more adept players , this is a great game . I suggest everyone with a PSP get it .
 I bought this game for my husband for Christmas and he 's totally enjoying this game ! He does n't have to carry a pen and booklet around and the variety and levels of the puzzles still suprise him after playing it daily since Christmas .
 Great game for plane rides . It 's a little addictive . . and I 'm not a puzzle type person .
 This game is excellent . It has a wide variety of different puzzles , and alot of different puzzles in each category . If you like word puzzles , you 'll like this game .
 I bought this game for my nephew 's 13th birthday . I have the DS system and not the PSP , so I had to do my research on finding the perfect game . I wanted to play it safe . I was n't sure if I should buy a teen rated game or over 10 game . Also , I did n't want to buy him a game that would be for young children . After researching , I came across this game on Amazon and read other reviews , which were all great . I thought the game would be educational and different from my nephews other games , so I took the chance . I 'm glad I did . I just saw him during Easter and asked him , how he liked the game . He told me he loved it and it was both his favorite and his brother 's fav too -LRB- brother steals the game from him all the time -RRB- . Great buy .
 Puzzle Challenge literally have hundreds of different types of puzzles . I purchased this game to assist me in passing time in a somewhat constructive manner while traveling . It passed the test with flying colors ! If you are into puzzles , you will enjoy this game .
 This game is for the puzzle lovers . The only problem I have with this game is the puzzle seem to repeat in each level . Meaning they used the same words over and over . Other than that is very fun game for the PS2 .
 If you like crossword puzzles , wordsearches and stuff like that , then this game is a godsend !!! Oodles of puzzles for hours of enjoyment , and it 's pretty easy to learn the controls , most awesome , and there 's extra goodies that are unlocked as you play the game !!! Fun for men and women alike !!! This game will require your thinking caps !!! Two thumbs up !!! Five stars !!! A +
 PS2 Puzzle Challenge
 This is a pretty good game if you like crosswords . I am not crazy about crosswords but got this game for the word search that me and my mom like to do . It 's pretty fun , you can sit there doing crosswords and wordsearch puzzles for hours . I like it . I had another game that was similar and it was n't as good as this one . This one offers different levels and settings and modes .
 I love doing word puzzels and this is a great game . I found it a little more difficult then I thought I would , but that 's a great thing . It makes the mind stronger .
 Still the best tomb raider game there is . Wonderful completely different scenic areas to view -LRB- still the most varied -RRB- area 51 , south pacific , London and Antarctica with a number of good long levels in each.That alone is worth the reason its the best but combined with secrets -LRB- and that chime -RRB- great puzzles mixed with the right amount of adventure and bad guys with better graphics than the first two makes it a pure joy to play . Still my favourite game of all time.If they wanted to remake another game for better graphics then this should be the top of the list .
 I am now going through and playing all the older versions of Tomb Raider . Even though the graphics are n't up to today 's standards , this is still a great game . I 'm playing it on Windows 7 , and it was not hard to get going at all , using the built-in compatability mode .
 The disk had many games that were lots of fum to play with . I recommend this game to people ranging from 8-88 .
 Original Fritz and Chester -LRB- F&C ;-RRB- , that was released less than two years ago , was a revolutionary program because it managed to combined introduction of chess rules and some very basic principles with exceptional graphics that kept children , including my 5 year old , glued to the screen and eager to play -LRB- and learn -RRB- . The program was really high quality and proved to be very attractive for kids as young as 3 . You can find my extensive review of the original F&C ; here on Amazon . Also , it is strongly recommended in my book `` Chess Exam and Training Guide
 My kids -LRB- 6 and 8 -RRB- are learning so much from Fritz and Chesster 2 !! In fact , my 6 year old daughter started winning a few games at their local chess club after graduating to this game -LRB- from Fritz and Chesster 1 -RRB- . Today I decided to play with them -LRB- since they do n't like to play against each other - they 're still working on that `` good sportsmanship '' thing -RRB- , and I let them team up against me . I was viewing this as an opportunity to help them think ahead , predict moves , and protect their pieces.However , I was the one who learned !! They surprised me again and again by reciting strategies -LRB- move your bishops and knights out , save your Queen for the real battle , do n't move your pawns willy nilly , break your oponnent 's wall , etc. . . -RRB- they had learned from this game.They also knew the relative value of the pieces , but could see advantages to making uneven swaps sometimes . For example , they shocked me by sacrificing a bishop for a pawn in order to open a hole in my wall , which they later exploited to checkmate my king . This was a strategy that even 1 month ago would have been unthinkable to them.Anyway , I defer to other more experienced chess players and computer users who have made specific comments about graphics , dialogue , and strategies . I am sure that at some point , my kids will move beyond this game and what it has to offer.But for now I could n't be happier with the Chesster and Fritz games ! My kids absolutely love playing the computer games and are really learning to play chess - and not just `` computer chess '' , but chess that lets them beat other kids at chess club - not to mention me.I think I 'm going to go demand a rematch : -RRB-
 Even BetterI bought the first title Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster about a year ago for my son and he liked it a lot . He likes it so much that I got curious and started playing it myself . This software really taught me how to play chess so easily and in such a fun way . I did not play chess when I bought it but I do now!When I saw on Amazon that there is a sequel available I ordered it right away and I have to say
 When you practice basketball , you practice one specific skill at a time . Repetition of fundamental movements leads to mastery . Chess , of course , is the same , but I have never really seen a book or program that uses this fundamental method of practice as an approach to learning the game.What is even more special is that the drills are FUN ! My son -LRB- a precocious seven years old -RRB- will practice one drill for up to an hour , trying to reach the next level in the Black Castle . My wife looks at the `` video game '' he is playing and asks , `` Where is the Chess ? '' But the Chess is definitely there . I play it myself to beef up my skills . Sure I know what a discovered check is , but I 've probably only used it a half dozen times in an actual game . This lets me identify the move in dozens of different tactical situations - outstanding practice . Same for forks , pins , double checks , and lots of other really good tactical plays.I have heard the first version is great at teaching the game . My son already knew the basics quite well , so I got the second version . I think that was the right move . But for a beginner I think the first version has got to be great too after seeing how well this one works .
 My 8 year old son , who plays competitive chess , loves this game . It teaches stategy and has good games for openings and middle games and end games . This was recommended by his chess coach and it is a way for him to learn on his own between sessions.I would recommend this for players who know the rules , but need to strengthen their game - all done in a fun and truely learning way !
 My four-year-old son loved the first Fritz and Chesster so much I just had to get the second . I would have gotten the third installment as well , but it appears to require a DVD-Rom and more up-to-date software than he has on his computer -LRB- I suggest you always review those details before buying -RRB- . Like the first , this second installment has the same quirky and artistic sensibility and lots of amusing details that keep me as interested in it as he is.The first one seemed a lot more `` British '' than this one . Just one example
 My kids loved the first Fritz and Chesster chess CD . They were just as pleased with the second . Although they 're recommended for ages 8 and up , there is minimal reading involved , making it appropriate for even our 5 year old . I know nothing about chess , but this works to make it accessible to my kids , despite my ignorance . Highly recommend !
 I have the first part , but it does not tell me anything in regard to Castling , but part two does have it , and explains it well , and what a difference it has made in my Chess game . With 200 games under my belt -LRB- i am still a novice -RRB- this has sure helped me stand against the Chess machine in this part 2 of Learn how to play Chess with Fritz and Chesster
 My children absolutely love this version . They wake at 5 a.m. to play before school . My son says `` it 's great -- I 've learned lots of tips , and now I 'm a much better chess player . `` Why a 4-star and not 5 ? The down-side -- the game does n't allow the player to `` save '' at a certain level -- totally frustrates the kids when they want to return , they have to start at the beginning again .
 This is a wonderul teaching aid for any age . And it 's lots of fun too ! You wo n't be sorry giving this one a try !
 Fritz and chesster teaches you about chess rules and good moves that are simple and short.I am in first grade and I studied fritz and chesster and I was the chess champion just by following the moves.Play against King black and more !
 My 5 year old son loves this program . The series seems quite effective at teaching chess . I know some people have complained that they did n't understand the navigation , but it uses standard kids gaming navigation methods . Those people are just not very computer or game literate . If my 5 yo can figure it out without any of my help , then ... ???
 This second part of Fritz and Chesster is as good as the first part of Fritz and Chesster , but with more focus on strategies to optimize the utility of each piece in their own right . There is no duplication from the first part and it is certainly worth the money to buy both softwares . The graphics are beautiful and the instructions are very clear . My eight-year old son , who is a beginner in chess , loved both parts of this software after playing with them for a couple of weeks . I highly recommend this software for any children -LRB- in particular -RRB- and adults who want to learn how to play chess .
 Learn to play chess with Fritz and Chester 1 and 2 are both great games to learn chess . It captures the kids attention with little games and teaches them how to use the pieces -LRB- in # 1 -RRB- and some strategy -LRB- in # 2 -RRB- . My 8 year old loves the games and even my 5 year old started playing some of the games in # 1 . The only problem - both of my games have audio glitches -LRB- they are made in Germany and it seems that something has gone wrong with the sound in our english versions -RRB- - however my kids do n't seems to mind .
 My kids are learning chess , and this program does a great job of teaching them basic principles in a way that is accessible and easy to understand . They love it .
 My kids love the Fritz and Chester II and it is difficult for me to get them off the computer . But one problem is that they are so addictive to it that they now do n't have enough time for their study and piano . The software teaches some good strategies which are good for beginners.My biggest complaint is that you can not back up the CD because it is encrypted and protected . This means that if you scratch the CD which happens very often , you have to buy new CD .
 This is an excellent product for kids . My kid loves to learn with this software . I had issues installing this product . Other than installation issues , it has been excellent . We are having fun now!I will recommend this title for kids starting on chess !
 Although this game maybe aimed for kids , it can still offer powerful training games in an entertaining way . Each assorted machines is like an arcade that trains each tactical aspects individually . Such as blind Chess , eye-training , memory training of chess positions are most notable that separates it from the other beginner chess training programs.The only thing I hate bout this game is the lack of options . You ca n't log off to a different username without having to shutdown the program first then relog nor can you delete usernames . No BGMs -LRB- backgroundmusic -RRB- during chess matches.Other than that , its an awesome tactical training tool . Kids really do love to play this game and is one of the best games out there that can get them into playing Chess . I think Chess can be a beneficial contribution to school learning and thinking process .
 I 'm not going to cover the technical drawbacks of this software except to briefly mention that you should look over other reviews before you buy . However , despite annoying design features , this is quite an amazing piece of software ! I would certainly rate it a 5 + if there were n't some design shortcomings and undocumented features ; -RRB- For starters , the educational intent of this software was well thought out . Young people will certainly learn a lot about chess through using this program and they will have tremendous fun doing it ! The game teaches fairly advanced concepts in very clever and engaging ways for children of all ages and even adults.The graphics and characters are great . The explanations of principles are sound and they are reinforced through fun chess exercises . The program encourages young chess players and at the same time challenges them to improve.The product description above covers the scope of the concepts covered in detail and I found this description to be accurate so I wo n't repeat it . I spent about 2 hours with a 9 year old playing the game and I had a lot of fun!I did n't find that this program was especially difficult to use and my young friend was able to figure it out intuitively . He also found it difficult to pull himself away and so did I . This definitely an activity you can enjoy along with your children.The overall concept for this teaching tool is interesting because it involves three layers of play . There is the overall game of rescuing the king who is trapped in the castle which is used as a tool to motivate the player to learn new chess skills that allow them to progress in this higher order game . Embedded within this larger framework are a number of clever chess teaching games where you can record high scores and learn various skills . These can be selected from within an animated room , which gives the player some freedom of choice . Additionally , there are other fun games that are not necessarily related to chess , but that allow the player to relax their chess concentration and refresh themselves for tackling more difficult chess skills challenges.I also think it 's good that kids could join -LSB- ... -RSB- for a year and play against others as part of the purchase price . This gives them an arena to apply their chess knowledge and is a good community that is always available . There are other online chess communities that are free , but I still think this is a nice added bonus.I do n't think any parent could go wrong purchasing this software for their child . It 's good for hundreds or even thousands of hours of entertainment and its powered by an excellent chess engine . However , you ca n't play a game of chess against the computer with it . It is ONLY a teaching tool . However , you can buy Fritz Grandmaster Software for about -LSB- ... -RSB- which does have this capability at a very low price point compared to other products of comparable playing ability . I 've heard criticisms of Fritz 9 and my understanding is the extra cost does not add a lot of value . In fact , at this point there seems to be some bugs with Fritz 9 . If you purchase this product , you wo n't be disappointed . I wish they had it when I was learning to play chess !
 Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster 2 , continues where the first CD left off . Like the first CD , this program may take some guessing regarding what exactly is one supposed to do , and clicking on the crown in the upper right corner helps to navigate through the game.This program is really good for grasping the basic tactics and strategies because your progress is measured and you have to develop certain skill proficiency before moving to higher level and learning more tactics and strategies.The CD covers some popular opening moves , middle game tactics like pins , forks , skewers and deflection , and mating strategies in end game . With practice on this CD , you can begin to win some games , and then move on to Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster 3 , which is out in German , and is supposed to be out soon in English .
 My son loved Fritz & Chesster 1 , so Santa brought him this second installment for Christmas . One afternoon I challenged him to a chess duel , and out of nowhere , he beat me . I was totally unprepared for his learning curve with this program . It seemed like the exercises were silly , but , as a teacher , I can appreciate how brilliantly crafted they are.One exercise , Spooky Chess , trains them to `` see '' the board in their minds . They can choose to play with `` ghost pieces , '' where all the pieces look like the same ghost and kids have to remember what piece they are . Once they master that , they can play with invisible pieces . There is a blank board and kids have to remember not only what the pieces are but where they are as well . They get points for each possible move they make and can get into a high score roster.The exercises also build on and complement each other . For example , in one exercise , kids have to remember moves in a Simon-like game . This not only trains them to think out multiple moves , but can help them with Spooky Chess and remembering where invisible pieces are.Throughout the game there are short rhymes that keep chess strategies in kids ' minds . My son loves playing this game and even though he has `` finished '' it , continues to play . Yesterday he asked me if there was a Fritz and Chesster 3 , and asked me to order it.Yes , for an adult the program is a bit clunky . The stories drag on and you can not jump ahead . But my 7-year-old loves it . And in praise of its clunkiness , it 's nice to see something geared toward kids that is n't warp speed .
 I taught my son the basics of chess at 5 and he totally took to it , but I 'm not a particularly good player , so I could n't help him improve his game . So we bought him this software and it did just what we wanted
 This is a great product for my 8 year old . He finds it entertaining and the game just comes naturally to him.Love every aspect of it and would highly recommennd to any parent who would like computer games that really do something for your chid 's brain .
 LOL jokes and cute graphics for parent 's and kids to enjoy together ! This game builds on the first one . It also has much of what the first one has - it really incorporates a wonderful storyline , humor and lots of little games to teach kids sophisticated chess techniques . Grade A + - Tons of replayability .
 we have number 1 and now this onevery recommendedmy kids plays hours with it
 The new BMX feature is what really made me buy this game . They have really finally put the best skaters in this game . It includes Bam Margera , Mike Vallely , Tony Hawk , Tony Alva , Daewon Song , and Stevie Williams . There are also some other pros . Bottem line , BUY THIS GAME !
 I have n't played this game in years . Even though my character leaves blood everywhere , I use this game as a stress killer . 3 am when you ca n't sleep because you have stuff on the brain . Play this game and the mishaps of the world seem smaller , at least for me .
 My Grandson loved it . This was exactly what he wanted . The used products have met all our expectations and more .
 I purchased this game as a Christmas present for my 8 yr old son , and it turns out that his 13 yr old brother , as well as a few of their friends enjoy playing it also . They all absolutely love playing it !
 This game was requested by my son . This one even has some bonuses which was a nice surprise .
 This was a pretty decent game , for you can get off your board , spraypaint , and all other cool stuff.but it 's also pretty sucky , too!they lied when they said no loading , you have to load story , free skate , goin to other places in car/bus , and plenty of others.oh , and the grapcis suck!you go impossibly high , and when the movies come and it shows you kickin or movin stuff , they fly all the way to the moonOverall , i would recommend THUG1 , thats the best !
 this is the best tony hawk game yet but i would wait longer to see some better graphics . this game looks like it was for the old atauri . all it is is blocks . the new moves are pretty cool but there are n't many . they definatly put the best skatters is and the best music but the storyline is realy fake . the bmx is n't all that great and gets even worse after the first 5 minnuts you mess with it . instead of loding screans they make you go through long portholes to other levels witch take longer than the loding screans would . this game is worth getting but do n't expect a 10 star game .
 This game is one of the best in the THPS/THUG series . I love the new BMX bike feature that molds mat hoffmans pro BMX with this game . The bike controls are totally innovative using both joysticks . This game is just one big level -LRB- as you probably already know , -RRB- and there are NO loading times so you wo n't be waiting . The story mode is really good to . They have actual characters besides pros !! You move to los angeles from the midwest to continue your skating dream yet when you get off the bus ... . your stuff gets jacked by some punk . You then meet Mindy who shows you around and teaches you new tricks -LRB- yes you learn tricks other than special -RRB- . Then you start snagging things for the skate ranch . Skate ranch is basically some guys dream park . You collect things from a roof of a house , to a dinosaur head , to even a limosine . New features are bert slides -LRB- the layback slide thingy that they do in lords of dogtown -RRB- , grind stalls -LRB- its exactly how it sounds -RRB- , and wall runs / wallflips etc. . You can even whack people with your board , throw your board at people , and just drop your board and run . This will please any fan of the tony hawk series so i suggest you buy it !!
 Well , I 've got to say , my friend brought this over to my house one day and I thought it was good . So I went out and bought it a few days ago . If I would 've known the storyline was n't the best , I would 've bought SOCOM 3 . Well , overall , the game is still very good , but lacking somethings . I 'll give you the pros and cons.Pros1 . Well , story mode -LRB- even though it aint the best -RRB- 2 . Some nice new moves3 . Create-A-Skater4 . Create-A-Park5 . Two-player mode6 . The soundtrack rules!Cons1 . Somewhat boring story mode2 . It becomes tiring to run around all over L.A. to get a tattoo or something3 . No loading screens ?! Traveling from place to place by bus ? LOADING SCREEN ! Waiting to Create-A-Graphic in story mode ? LOADING!Otherwise , the game 's good
 this game is fun ... its alot different then the other 6 games hes done ... it just seemed like it was the same thing coming out over and over again ... but this one is wayyy different and wayy more fun to play . . its grandget it
 OK so heres the thing Im actually a good looking 14 year old -LRB- ladies -RRB- mexican dude who wrote a kids review because I didnt feel like typing my email address.This is the best Tony Hawk game without counting THUG 1 . It has great new tricks like the bert slide and all the flips.Career mode is all right but if you do buy it and you are looking forward to your american wasteland park at the end of the story mode dont its simply horrible.Keep sk8boarding and bmxing .
 Tony Hawk and co. have delivered a new game every year for seven years straight now , and every year I get sucked into it . This year 's game is no exception , but I am beginning to wish that these guys would skip a year and spend the extra time making a better game.The big deal about this game was that the entire game is supposed to be contained in one massive level modelled after the city of Los Angeles . This is true to some extent , except you start with only a small area and then unlock other small areas . In order to get from one area to another , you have to skate across transition zones , all of which are so choppy that it does n't take a genius to realize that you 're basically skating through a glorified loading screen . So in the end , this one massive level really just turns out to be a bunch of small levels strung together , and some of the smallest levels in recent Tony Hawk history , I might add.For those who enjoyed classic mode , with the two minute timer and traditional challenges , it 's back . However , all but one of the levels in this mode are from previous games . Some of the levels are even making their third appearance in a Tony Hawk game.There are a few new moves in the game , but I have not found any of them to be incredibly useful . You are also able to ride a BMX bike in story mode , which is fun for a little while , but I started to lose interest fairly quickly.One of my biggest annoyances with story mode was that you are only able to perform tricks after you finish the `` mission '' that teaches you those tricks . This means that you can not manual , revert , spine transfer , or natas spin until someone teaches you how to do it , even though you 've been doing these moves for years now . Do we really need a tutorial design to the story mode after seven years ? Or was it so hard to come up with interesting challenges that they needed to incorporate training into the missions?My advice to the Tony Hawk crew is to take a break . I love having a new game every year , but I certainly would n't mind waiting an extra year if it means we can see larger and more creative levels and interesting challenges again . The formula is getting stale - adding a few new gimmicks here and there is just not doing the trick .
 First off ; I can tell you this game was rushed , but anyways I ca n't tell you whether I liked more aspects to this game or disliked more . i got the game yesterday , and beat the story mode on easy yesterday as well , and it was for the most part really easy -LRB- except two missions on Santa Monica -RRB- and it lasted quite awhile ; longer than other story modes on other Tony Hawk games . Anyways here we go with my Pros , Cons , and other notes from me to you on my opinion about THAW . Here we go.You start as a low class skater who needs to get his rep up -LRB- yeah yeah you 've heard it before . -RRB- And you make a friend , Mindy , who soon takes you to her friend 's skate ranch . -LRB- Iggy , Murphy , Boone . . etc. -RRB- After proving yourself , you get to skate in the park and you go all around california looking for pieces to get for the park ; that 's basically it.The game is actually fairly repetetive because you 'll feel yourself doing similar things over and over again ... doing combos on rails , doing tricks shouted out to you , and so forth . Almost every mission you do in this game after you get to the skate ranch is collect pieces that you destroy from buildings and so on.The level design is once again very well done . THAW has -LRB- 8 levels I believe ? -RRB- That are all in some way a little different , and you expand the level each time you play by destroying something to get for your ranch , or to get to the next city.The ` No-Load ' times thing was probably a big thing for a lot of people , and there are basically no load times . None between levels , but you can tell when the game actually does load betweem each city . When you are in a ` tunnel ' to the next city , you will notice a huge graphical change -LRB- bad bad graphics -RRB- the game will pause for a split second when you are in there , and you can hear your disc moving awkwardly like it normally does when a game loads . The little ` tunnels ' are really bland , but hey I 'd rather skate down it then sit through a load time.This game is generally easy -LRB- I 'm only on easy , though but I ca n't imagine it getting too much harder ; it did n't in past games . -RRB- And the story in story mode is pretty lame at times , but it has its moments as well.Another thing a lot of people may of heard of was the fact that there would be BMX bikes in THAW . There certainly is ; and although many people that have played THAW may have said the BMX addition was a waste of time . It was NOT . The BMX controls make you feel like you are actually riding a bike somewhat and you use both analog sticks . You may think there are only a few tricks you can do on the bike , but actually you can do quite a bit . The only downfall about the bikes it how you ca n't trick it out or anything.Pro 's and con 's : PROS
 I got this game for christmas and i completed it about a week later which is quite a while considering it usually takes me a day or two to complete a game . Anyway although i 've had it since christmas i 'm still deeply immensed in the game having recently unlocked Billie Joe Armstrong from Green Day!I love the soundtrack on this game . -LRB- only because it contains Green Day ! -RRB- The only bad thing would have to be that on freeskate you cant go around all of LA like in the main story , you have to change the ` area ' to go to a diffferent part of town . One other bad thing would be park editor , not much has been done to improve this . COME ON NEVERSOFT WE WANT A DECENT PARK EDITOR FOR A CHANGE!Over all this game is alot of fun and my favorite Tony Hawk game soooo far . A pleasant experience which should be enjoyed by all .
 After playing the Pro Skater and Underground games to death on my recent nostalgia kick , I decided to give American Wasteland a try , having never played it before . It 's not perfect , but it 's a lot of fun , and I 'd say it 's a step up from the previous game.I 'll start with the pros . First off , the story is once again focused on actual skating , as opposed to Underground 2 's premise of breaking stuff and pissing people off . It actually combines elements of both Underground games quite nicely ; you 've got your no-name skater trying to prove himself and build on his skills , with a fair bit of destruction mixed in ; mostly to get pieces for the Skate Ranch . The story itself is a bit cheesy , but pretty freakin ' hilarious in some spots , and interesting enough for me to want to keep playing to find out what happens next . The level design is very well done . People have complained about the tunnels connecting the areas of LA being glorified loading screens , which they pretty much are , but hey , I 'd much rather continue my combo while the next area loads than just sit there and wait . Once you 've unlocked everything , it 's a lot of fun to just cruise around LA. . It really does feel like you 're playing one massive level . Changing your character 's look is limited to walking into stores around town and buying clothes and haircuts and such with the cash you 've earned completing certain goals , but the options look great ; very lifelike . The addition of BMX bikes is a nice touch . The controls take some getting used to , but it almost feels like you 're riding a real bike . Last but certainly not least , the soundtrack is absolutely phenomenal . Having modern bands do old-school punk covers might sound off-putting , but the covers are actually quite good . Add such classics as Dead Kennedys and Oingo Boingo , some nice hip-hop tracks , and throw in Green Day 's `` Holiday '' , and you 've got yourself a super fun soundtrack . Another perk to not having to sit through loading screens is getting to finish the current song while the next area loads . Not only is the music great , but the skating sound effects are taken up a notch , and the voice acting is very well done . For you children of the 90s , you 'll recognize Will Friedle -LRB- Eric from Boy Meets World -RRB- as the skater , and Cree Summer -LRB- Susie from Rugrats -RRB- as Mindy.Now for the cons . My absolute biggest gripe is that not only can you not use your skater from Story Mode in Free Skate , but you also CAN NOT FREE SKATE THE ENTIRE CITY OF LA. . Each area is treated like a separate level . you 're stuck in Hollywood or Santa Monica until you switch levels through the pause menu . BORING ! You should be able to free skate and do a high score run through the entire city after you put all that work into unlocking everything in Story Mode . The Classic Mode is n't all that great , either . There are only six levels , and the level selection is n't really spectacular . Minneapolis and the mall are my absolute favorite levels from Pro Skater 1 , but the other levels are ... meh . Maybe because they 're all from that THUG 2 Remix I never played ... I also REALLY could 've done without all the fancy parkour moves . They look cool and all , but the controls are extremely annoying . I often found myself doing a bunch of front tucks in place while I was simply trying to jump up and grab a wall . After a while I sincerely missed the simple jump up -- grab wall -- shimmy over -- pull yourself up . Finally , this is just a little thing that does n't affect gameplay at all , but your skater in Story Mode really is n't all that likable , especially compared to the skater in Underground 1 . He 's actually pretty annoyingly cocky through most of the story . The Underground skater did n't just waltz into his first competition and refer to his opponents as `` a noob like you '' . But I digress.Overall , if you liked the previous Tony Hawk games , you 're gon na like this one . It has its flaws , but they do n't really take away from the fun of the game . And the finished product of the Skate Ranch looks awesome .
 My son * loves * this game . Bought it for PS2 , it was stolen , bought it for PSP , he loves it on that but missed the full PS2 version , so we bought this used copy from Amazon . You have to love a game a lot to buy the thing three times -LRB- the first time , the day it came out , we had to have it -RRB- . This game has awesome tricks , great character customization , and some really fun places to skate . Highly recommended by all the 10 year old boys I know !
 i love the tony hawk games and just recently added this to my hawk collection . it is a little different then the last one . in this game you can also ride a BMX bike , which is fun . the game style is different . you do have to `` learn '' the tricks from someone as you progress.i think that any tony hawk fan should buy this game .
 My kids love this game , if they could they would play all day . They dont have to wait for it to download , it is just a click and there you are playing . You see they have a time limit of 30 min . to play there playstation so every minute counts , thats why they love playing this game .
 this game is the best tony hawk game ever
 this game is the bomb ! you can do a real life experience by learning your tricks.BUY THIS GAME
 Even though you can tell the makers of this game rushed to get it out on time , without checking all the bugs . I have to say that i really enjoyed this game . I have only rented it , but it was sooo fun . I love these kind of games though , the kind that make you think real fast on what you should do next . If you 've liked the THUG series i know for a fact that you will enjoy this . I like the new NO LOADING SCREENS thing too , it 's alot more fun . THUG 2 blowed , but this game makes up for it !
 Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland is a cool game These are my favorite songs in the game : The Bravery : UnconditionalBreakestra : ChampDel : BurntFall Out Boy : Start TodayGreen Day : HolidayMoley Crue : Live WireMoleman , Slug/Mf Doom : Put Your Quarter UpMy Chemical Romace : Astro ZombiesScissor Sisters : Filty/GorgeousTommy Guerro : OrganismThese are my favorite levels in the game : LaMallDowntownSanta CruzKyotoThese are my favorite skaters in the game : All of them expect most of the unlockable ones.In the Next Tony Hawk Game these are the old school i want to see : -LRB- Plus i would like to see my hometown Swampscott Ma in the game as a main free roaming level -RRB- Airport -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Alcatraz -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Atlanta -LRB- From Thug2 Remix -RRB- Barcelona -LRB- From Thug2 -RRB- Boston -LRB- From Thug2 -RRB- Canada -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- College -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Downtown -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Downhill Jam -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Hawaii -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Kona Usa -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Kyoto -LRB- Thug2 Remix -RRB- Las Vegas -LRB- From Thug2 Remix -RRB- London -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- La -LRB- From Thps3/Thaw-Extended Verison -RRB- Mall -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Manhattan -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Marseille -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- New Jersey -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Philly -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- Rio -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- San Diego -LRB- From Thug -RRB- San Franciso -LRB- Thps4 Verison -RRB- Santa Cruz -LRB- From Thug2 Remix -RRB- School -LRB- From Thps -RRB- School 2 -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- Shipyard -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Skater Island -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Skatopia -LRB- From Thug2 -RRB- Slam City Jam/Vancover -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Suburbia -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Tampa -LRB- From Thps2x/Thug -RRB- Tokyo -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Venice Beach -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- Warehouse -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Zoo -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- These are the songs i want to hear in the next gameAll American Rejects-Dirty Little SecertAvril Lavigne-He Was n'tBlack Eyed Peas-Don ' t LieBlack Eyed Peas-Pump ItBlink-182-Felling ThisBlink-182-First DateThe Bravery-An Honeset MistakeCiara/Missy Eillot-1 ,2 StepCommon-GoEminem-Just Lose ItFall Out Boy-Dance , DanceGorillaz-DareGorillaz-Dirty HarryGreen Day-American IdiotGwen Stefani-Hollaback GirlGwen Stefani/Slim Thug-LuxuriousKanye West/Jamie Foxx-Gold DiggerLudacris-Get BackLudacris/Shawana-Stand UpMissy Eillot , Ciara , Fat Man Scoop/Tommy Lee-Lose Control -LRB- Music Video verison -RRB- Pharell/Gewn Stefani-Can I Have It Like ThatRihanna-Pon De ReplayScissor Sissters-Take Your MammaSnoop Dogg/Pharell-Drop It Like Its HotTommy Lee-Good TimesThat 's What I want to hear ! - Robert Brooks Swampscott Ma
 Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland is a cool game These are my favorite songs in the game : The Bravery : UnconditionalBreakestra : ChampDel : BurntFall Out Boy : Start TodayGreen Day : HolidayMoley Crue : Live WireMoleman , Slug/Mf Doom : Put Your Quarter UpMy Chemical Romace : Astro ZombiesScissor Sisters : Filty/GorgeousTommy Guerro : OrganismThese are my favorite levels in the game : LaMallDowntownSanta CruzKyotoThese are my favorite skaters in the game : All of them expect most of the unlockable ones.In the Next Tony Hawk Game these are the old school i want to see : -LRB- Plus i would like to see my hometown Swampscott Ma in the game as a main free roaming level -RRB- Airport -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Alcatraz -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Atlanta -LRB- From Thug2 Remix -RRB- Barcelona -LRB- From Thug2 -RRB- Boston -LRB- From Thug2 -RRB- Canada -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- College -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Downtown -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Downhill Jam -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Hawaii -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Kona Usa -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Kyoto -LRB- Thug2 Remix -RRB- Las Vegas -LRB- From Thug2 Remix -RRB- London -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- La -LRB- From Thps3/Thaw-Extended Verison -RRB- Mall -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Manhattan -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Marseille -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- New Jersey -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Philly -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- Rio -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- San Diego -LRB- From Thug -RRB- San Franciso -LRB- Thps4 Verison -RRB- Santa Cruz -LRB- From Thug2 Remix -RRB- School -LRB- From Thps -RRB- School 2 -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- Shipyard -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Skater Island -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Skatopia -LRB- From Thug2 -RRB- Slam City Jam/Vancover -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Suburbia -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Tampa -LRB- From Thps2x/Thug -RRB- Tokyo -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Venice Beach -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- Warehouse -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Zoo -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- These are the songs i want to hear in the next gameAll American Rejects-Dirty Little SecertAvril Lavigne-He Was n'tBlack Eyed Peas-Don ' t LieBlack Eyed Peas-Pump ItBlink-182-Felling ThisBlink-182-First DateThe Bravery-An Honeset MistakeCiara/Missy Eillot-1 ,2 StepCommon-GoEminem-Just Lose ItFall Out Boy-Dance , DanceGorillaz-DareGorillaz-Dirty HarryGreen Day-American IdiotGwen Stefani-Hollaback GirlGwen Stefani/Slim Thug-LuxuriousKanye West/Jamie Foxx-Gold DiggerLudacris-Get BackLudacris/Shawana-Stand UpMissy Eillot , Ciara , Fat Man Scoop/Tommy Lee-Lose Control -LRB- Music Video verison -RRB- My Chemical Romace-I Not OkayPharell/Gewn Stefani-Can I Have It Like ThatRihanna-Pon De ReplayScissor Sissters-Take Your MammaSnoop Dogg/Pharell-Drop It Like Its HotTommy Lee-Good TimesThat 's What I want to hear ! - Robert Brooks Swampscott Ma
 Wow I highly recomand this game its better than his underground games . This is a bust buy game everyones talkin about it , overall Tony Hawks new game 10 stars !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Ok the other reviews seem to say great thing about em but im differnt ... Goods1.Differnt Move and what not2 . able to use BMX3 . once again onlineBads1 . to easy of a game2 . same stuff but a few minor changesshort but owell all in all this game is a type you should rent twice maybe 3 times , and you should have it beating -LRB- If You Have The Time -RRB-
 This game is mad c0ol . The levels are insane , really realistic , and big . There are awesome tricks u can do . You can even tag stuff . Every skater has his own tag . You can ride both - a bike and a board . Get this game - best Tony Hawk game so farr .
 Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland is a cool game These are my favorite songs in the game : The Bravery : UnconditionalBreakestra : ChampDel : BurntFall Out Boy : Start TodayGreen Day : HolidayMoley Crue : Live WireMoleman , Slug/Mf Doom : Put Your Quarter UpMy Chemical Romace : Astro ZombiesScissor Sisters : Filty/GorgeousTommy Guerro : OrganismThese are my favorite levels in the game : LaMallDowntownSanta CruzKyotoThese are my favorite skaters in the game : All of them expect most of the unlockable ones.In the Next Tony Hawk Game these are the old school i want to see : -LRB- Plus i would like to see my hometown Swampscott Ma in the game as a main free roaming level -RRB- Airport -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Alcatraz -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Atlanta -LRB- From Thug2 Remix -RRB- Barcelona -LRB- From Thug2 -RRB- Boston -LRB- From Thug2 -RRB- Canada -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- College -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Downtown -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Downhill Jam -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Hawaii -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Kona Usa -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Kyoto -LRB- Thug2 Remix -RRB- Las Vegas -LRB- From Thug2 Remix -RRB- London -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- La -LRB- From Thps3/Thaw-Extended Verison -RRB- Mall -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Manhattan -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Marseille -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- New Jersey -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Philly -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- Rio -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- San Diego -LRB- From Thug -RRB- San Franciso -LRB- Thps4 Verison -RRB- Santa Cruz -LRB- From Thug2 Remix -RRB- School -LRB- From Thps -RRB- School 2 -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- Shipyard -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- Skater Island -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Skatopia -LRB- From Thug2 -RRB- Slam City Jam/Vancover -LRB- From Thug -RRB- Suburbia -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Tampa -LRB- From Thps2x/Thug -RRB- Tokyo -LRB- From Thps3 -RRB- Venice Beach -LRB- From Thps2 -RRB- Warehouse -LRB- From Thps -RRB- Zoo -LRB- From Thps4 -RRB- These are the songs i want to hear in the next gameAll American Rejects-Dirty Little SecertAvril Lavigne-He Was n'tBlack Eyed Peas-Don ' t LieBlack Eyed Peas-Pump ItBlink-182-Felling ThisBlink-182-First DateThe Bravery-An Honeset MistakeCiara/Missy Eillot-1 ,2 StepCommon-GoEminem-Just Lose ItFall Out Boy-Dance , DanceGorillaz-DareGorillaz-Dirty HarryGreen Day-American IdiotGwen Stefani-Hollaback GirlGwen Stefani/Slim Thug-LuxuriousKanye West/Jamie Foxx-Gold DiggerLudacris-Get BackLudacris/Shawana-Stand UpMissy Eillot , Ciara , Fat Man Scoop/Tommy Lee-Lose Control -LRB- Music Video verison -RRB- Rihanna-Pon De ReplayScissor Sissters-Take Your MammaTommy Lee-Good TimesThat 's What I want to hear ! - Robert Brooks Swampscott Ma
 I enjoyed watching Kasparov discuss the Queen 's Gambit with such brilliance , and I agree with other reviewers who say that he comes across as down-to-earh . There is no question about his passion for the game , and any chess player will enjoy the commentary of this legendary grandmaster . I give it four stars because a better production was actually possible . In fact , with a bit of focus and organization , this DVD could have been a valuable instructional tool . The problem is that Kasparov goes on many tangents , and while this is occasionally unavoidable when discussing variations , it can become tedious . It 's not a matter of his English , either -- he expresses himself well . Overall , I could n't help but get the impression that this was filmed haphazardly -- that is , he probably just sat down and began discussing the opening any which way . What was needed was the careful selection of themes within the framework of the lecture ; the DVD could have been divided into crucial minilessons that retained focus instead of random observations with loose-fitting titles . If the aim was to teach , then the approach needs modification . I 'm a decent player with club and some tournament experience . I followed him as best as I could , but I can see a beginner being easily overwhelmed and quickly losing interest . As a fan , it 's a pleasure to watch him discuss the game ; as a life-long student of chess , I expect more .
 Garrys DVD is quite inspiring . Even though he just retired you can feel the love of the game.You get several chapters on Theory and several longer chapters of games in a DVD format.These can be viewed on TV or with your Fritz/Shredder 8 package.Additionally the CD contains a database with the Queens Gambit Declined opening book and gamesI have a rating of 2170 and I did not buy this for study , but for entertainment , but I was surprised to see myself try a few of the recommendations Kasparov mentioned in the Lasker variation the very next day.Pros : - Garry loves chess and you can feel it - Garry has played the best players and he is able toportrait this in his comments . - The format is great in Chessbase - I love to have the opening tree available in Chessbaseoh it comes with the readerCons : - Garry 's english is not 100 % fluent , but it is totally adequate - THE DVD is a little choppy on my DVD , but then it might be my player.All in AllI love it just for the possibility to have Garry in my family room .
 It is :1 -RRB- A highly informative survey of many classical QGD lines and historic games .2 -RRB- A very short overview of non-QGD openings .3 -RRB- Garry talking casually and 80 mph about the above .4 -RRB- A big database .5 -RRB- Crystal clear on Fritz .6 -RRB- For those who are interested in chess history & getting `` the big picture '' on an important opening .7 -RRB- Nice to hear how to pronounce all those foreign names .8 -RRB- Loosely structured around main variations and famous games.It is n't :1 -RRB- For players looking for a repertoire .2 -RRB- For beginners -LRB- which it might appear to be by the advertising -RRB- 3 -RRB- `` Instructional '' in the common meaning of the term .4 -RRB- Clear enough for me on the DVD player.I really enjoyed the product because I did n't have any real expectations as to exactly what it would be like . I recommend getting Matthew Sadler 's book on the Queen 's Gambit Declined as well and then sitting down for some serious study ! Garry does n't really talk over your head , he simply covers a lot of ground in 3 hours and this can be overwhelming if you try to take in too much of it at one time .
 As one of Mr. Kasparov 's first such ventures , this was one heck of a product . It 's best used in a computer v.s a DVD player . I agree with a previous review that the language is a bit tough , but I could appreciate the natural conversation . The games are excellent , but I wished that he had gone into more detail about the decision for some moves . Overall , it 's a worth the purchase . I actually obtained this version from the manufacturer , before it was available on Amazon , so the Amazon price is much better . I just wish that Amazon would come thru with # 2 , that 's been on order since January !
 Garry Kasparov comes across so well in this video . He 's charismatic and down to earth -- and able to communicate and teach in a universal and accessible way . It 's like having him in your living room when you start the dvd . I bet even people who do n't know a thing about chess would find this fantastic just because it 's him . The other really cool thing in this DVD is that the chessboard illustrates what he says with highlighted squares and arrows . Any one who `` experiences '' his private tutoring will be able to impress others with their chess smarts & newfound vocabulary . I totally recommend this title for all chess players and young , school age chess players too . Advanced players will want to pop this into their computers so they can use the games database and analysis functions.And really , since he 's really the best chess player ever in history , this is really equivalent to God speaking about miracles .
 Had a few issues with installing on Windows Vista . Only one of the games seems to work but that game is very good . Can change types of tiles , format of game and background .
 This game runs fine on XP , in fact it will run the best on XP.This game will not function properly on intergrated or lower end video cards . this is stated in other words , under the system requirements . It needs a 3D dx 8.1 video card or higher . Lower end Intergrated video cards DO NOT HAVE 3D capabilities . thus giving errors when trying to run the game.-When purchasing this game please be aware of the system requirments and be sure to check your video card capabilities .
 If you like creepy 3rd person shooters -LRB- there 's also a 1st person option -RRB- , this is a GREAT game.You find yourself being walked into death row for murdering your family . Within moments of entering your cell , all hell breaks loose . Almost literally.You 're now on a mission to get yourself out of the prison while facing a multitude of uniquely gruesome monsters . Each kind is based on a form of execution -LRB- or other deaths , like being buried alive -RRB- , and they 're viscious.There 's lots of blood , and as you move through the prison there are massacred corpses of inmates and guards everywhere . They did n't have a fun time dying , trust me.Fighting is fairly simple and you have a nice range of weapons to gather along the way . Ammo , health , and other items are plentiful enough without being overabundant , and there 's a great `` beast mode '' where you can transform into a monster yourself to dispatch those pesky creatures.The backstory is interesting and the game is filled with occasional hallucinations and flashes of vague imagery regarding your dead family and the prison 's past.It 's great to look at , and it adds to the tension and scariness when you have to rely on your flashlight or flares to see in dark areas.Although I have n't finished it yet , I 'm smitten , and there are alternate endings depending on how you behave . Should you just kill that frightened guard or inmate that wants to tag along or let him live ? It might be a good idea to let these people live , as they sometimes lead the way for you . Example
 I 'm too much of a sissy to play this game -LRB- or most other shooter games -RRB- myself , but I loved watching my boyfriend play it . He 's been telling me about it for a while and finally I got to actually see . I love that there are so many options to the game . You do n't just play through a certain senario and finish the game . When you 're done you can restart and have a whole new story to go through depending on what you do.Choose to be good and help people survive , choose to be bad and beat the baddies to killing the prison guards and scared cons or just take the total insanity route and run around as a monster thing.I 'm buying the second one for my boyfriend for Christmas . Great present for us both .
 Wow , was I surprised by this game ! what Violence , What Gore ! and I must say that after several hours -LRB- of getting the willies and getting spooked -RRB- I began to notice that I wasnt feeling so hot after a while and i realized its all the mood , setting , and Intense Violence and gore of this game was actually starting to make me actually Feel like I was In Prison and demons were after me ! truly nausiating -LRB- and i was feeling a little ill by now -RRB- gore and violence -LRB- mind you my repetition about it is because I need others to understand this game is FOR ADULTS ONLY !!! -RRB- ok after a while of some really scary exploration you find that you arent alone , quite the opposite ! demons and freakish nightmares run amok everywhere and jump out at you In that Perfectly Spooky way that this game has captured . Far superior to ANY other Survival Horror game out there -LRB- including the resident evils though I admit it is similar -RRB- the gore may be too much even for some adults and the themes really make it that much more Sinister . the game does have a few graphical and one or 2 sound errors but nothing that will truly be noticable.Graphics
 Well , I have played this once or twice at a cousin 's house and we had SO much fun . It is the PERFECT combination of creepiness and fun.You are a man who is sent to prison to die for murdering his family which he ca n't remember about . In the game you have the power to transform into this monster thing . You encounter different monsters in the game . There are ones that burrow underground while others climb on the cieling . Oh , and lots of blood = DOverall , I think that it is an awsome game ... and very scary . -LRB- play it with all of the lights off and the door closed -RRB-
 This was quite possibly one of the best and scariest video games I have ever played . I mean the enemies are based off of execution methods used through out history as of ways to kill off all those nasty criminals . Not only is that scary as hell ; its very original . The game is deffinetly very dark and a must for fans of survival horror and action games . The story , as demented as it may be , is very well done and really gets you hooked .
 On the eastern shores of the United States lies the high security island prison known as Abbott State Penitentary . A man known as Torque is being led to his cell in death row for the charge of murdering his wife and kids , yet he doesnt remember any of it . Once Torque is in his locked down cell , and after a heated argument between fellow death-rowers , things start to go bad . An earthquake begins , the lights go out , and people start dying - reports of `` spider like creatures with blades '' are pouring in from around the prison . Eventually one these monsters cuts open your -LRB- Torque 's -RRB- cell , and its up to you to escape with your life ... and as Torque progresses through the game , he 'll uncover what exactly happened when he blacked out and found his family dead , andIf you did n't guess it you control Torque . You can switch between third-person view & first person view , each with it 's own up and downs . Anyway , you basically run around gathering a small array of devastating weapons like dual revolvers , a shotgun , a tommy gun , shivs , a flamethrower , grenades , TNT sticks , molotov cocktails , etc. . AYou run , jump , do rolls , and turn into a monster !? Thats right . You turn into a fierce monster that has these attacks that kill anything in it 's path . . as you move on Dr. Killjoy -LRB- yeah , hes this doctor from the glory days of Abbott but hes dead and is shown through projection films . . yeah -RRB- reveals to you that when you transform into the monster you do n't `` really '' change , but rather go completley bezerk and the adrenaline makes you think you look like a monster.To be honest , this game is real fast paced fileld with gore and action so some people will be dissapointed when they see a lack of puzzles . If you like really complex and hard puzzles you will not find them here because the riddles and whatever Torque has to solve are quite simple & only really require him to move a locker over a drain or cut a rope.One thing I would like to point out that Namco & Surreal managed to pull off something I have only seen done in the game Cold Winter , and that is giving each individual character unique personalities . Everyone you meet up with will be scared and will surley let you know it in a variety of ways -LRB- such as tossing grenades at you , firing at you , cursing at you , asking you to lock them in a jail cell . . you get it -RRB- . Others are slowly going mad , some do n't trust you -LRB- and for good reason . . your a death row inmate hah -RRB- and are skeptical to join you , while others shout in joy as they tear through enemies . With this done you really feel like your part of the game , not just a player , and that every character in the game is a living being . Truley amazing.To be honest , the graphics are okay to say the least . The AI controlled human models seem a bit blocky and outdated , but since most of the humans die fast it is n't too important . What is important is how Torque and the monsters look . Each monster looks very grotesque and just simply looks violent and scary , especially the final boss . On the other hand , Torque looks kinda weird - he looks more like an anerexic monkey with sideburns than he does a human killing machine . Eh . However the levels are really detailed and dark , like the forest or the jail each with THEIR own miserable backstories , that truley adding to the horrific atmosphere that is The Suffering.The music and sound effects are freaky . The music , when it does play , usually sounds like techno-metal music and -LRB- at certain times I should say -RRB- help intensify the situation you may be facing . Take the last fight , your battling a HUGE and more twisted version of your monster self at some docks , and as you fight there is this heavy metal guitars mixed with some electronica music . Other times though it does n't fit . The sound effects are perfect . Explosions sound great , the guns sound great - more specifically the shotgun gives an extremley satisfying BOOM ! when shot . The voice acting is pretty good , and the screams are really intense . . which also goes back to that unique personality thing and making you feel like each character is real.Sadly though , the PS2 version of one of Namco 's greatest games is plauged with glitches , slow frame rates and bugs near the end of the game . When the action really gets going , I mean your surrounded by like 50 enemies all closing in on you , the game gets real slow . . things dont load like trees and stuff . . and every once in awhile you 'll find yourself stuck in one spot and not being able to move . But if you can overlook that , you 're in for a great ride.The Suffering is n't really all that hard -LRB- on medium anyway -RRB- nor is it long . . but thanks to having three endings the replay value is pretty high . When you meet people , like this black inmate who needs your help to escape , you have a choice to help 'em out or blow their freaking head away , and depending on what you do it will affect your ending . There is the `` good ending '' -LRB- which I got -RRB- where you help everyone and you find out that when you transform into the monster you dont really transform ... then there is the `` neutral ending '' where you kill or save 50 % of the people . Then there is the evil one where you basically slaughtered everyone who came corssed your path . Either way the ending movie is pretty gruesome - you see how your family was truley killed with your wife being beaten with a bat , your own kid drowned in the tub , and your youngest tossed out a window . Its kinda nasty , but yeah . . Also , when you beat the game , you get to play a level that was cut out of the game . Go see itTo sum it , you have to play The Suffering if you have n't already . Its a real great game , fun for anyone who likes shooting , horror , violence . . whatever , you name it its in there . Also , its cheap too . So get out there and get this !!!
 Seven years ago , skateboarding became a game genre with Pro Skater . Every year after that , new additions and refined gameplay kept me playing all four Pro Skaters and both Undergrounds . In all of those years , nothing has impressed me more than Tony Hawk 's American Wasteland . Somehow Neversoft has done it ; they 've made the perfect skating game.I 'll skip telling the story , since it 's basically the same `` get respect '' crap that was in the Underground games , and also because the gameplay has been refined to the point of perfection . Neversoft saw it coming -- they 've outdone themselves and done everything to skateboarding that they could . So other than a few interesting additions to the skateboarding formula -LRB- like board stalls , bert slides , and parkour -RRB- , and the ability to ride and trick on BMX bikes , the coolest addition is the free-sprawling recreation of Los Angeles that serves as the world of THAW . The city is divided into sections , which takes away from some of the huge feel , but I still felt overwhelmed at first by the size of the world . This world is so much fun to skate in that I basically neglected the fact that the story mode goals are terribly easy and repetitive , but serve their purpose in unlocking huge portions of an even larger world.The controls are spot-on , the combos are still fun , and that 's what keeps me coming back to this series . As a note to Neversoft , I do n't care about epic storylines and I 'm happy with the removal of Bam Margera from the story in general . I 'm pleased , as a fan of this series , that I finally have a Hawk game that has the moves , the good controls , and the levels -LRB- well , the level -RRB- that can keep me playing for another year or two until another boarding game rolls up .
 Ok i just rented this game and beat it it a day and a ahlf . although its easy its incredibly fun to play . everything is great about this game its definitly the best of the series . O and do n't complain bout it being easy if u havent noticed you can beat all the tony hawk thug games in about 5 hours
 Very cool so much fun had a blast better than the rest of the tony hawks trilogy would keep playing it over and over
 I remember when i first got this game like 5 or 6 years ago , it was awesome then and stil is now ! lol
 I like Tony Hawks American Wasteland a lot . I like the goals that you have to complete . They are challenging and fun.You can switch from bike to board easily.I also like the places where they put the ramps.I play this game a lot . The only thing that I do not really like is the goals on level 4 , otherwise , the game is really awesome !!!
 Tony Hawk American Wasteland is another good addition to the Tony Hawk collection . Story Mode is way less cheesy as the THUG story mode and the plot is more interesting . I 've enjoyed all the Tony Hawk games except for THUG 2 . Live has revolutionized the Tony Hawk games now that all Tony Hawk fans can compete online . You can also just chill with other people while you skate as well.I would recommend getting this Tony Hawk game if you want to compete on Live .
 American Wasteland gives a new meaning to the phrase `` extreme sports . '' Firstly , the game is not about skateboarding , rather , the skateboarding is a mere part of it . The 3 main themes of American Wasteland are : * Street life * Violence * Destruction.If there were an avant-garde category for video games , American Wasteland could easily be defined as such . However , this game is not recommended for fans of Mario Bros , as the language , blood , and overall 16-year-old content may be too intense for those under or over the age of 13 . For old-time fans , back again are Bam Margera , Tony Hawk , and all your favorite Masters of Destruction .
 this is the best game i have ever played , and it is so much fun i could not set my controller down.if you like tony hawk rent or -LRB- what you should do -RRB- buyan awesome game beginning to end you will love it.and for those who have n't played tony hawk or do not like the previous ones . here is the chance to admit that superb puts the s in skate boarding.BUY THIS GAME NOW!P.S . if only all games were this good
 1 . Just like Tony Hawk Underground 2 ... 2 . With less character customisation ... 3 . Board graphcis customisation4 . And trick customisation .5 . BMX bikes rulez ... 6 . But where are all the other tricks ? Off-axis 360 flip ? Nothing superman ? No hander ? Suicide No hander ? Turndown ? 7 . Not-too-shabby voice acting8 . You spend abt 5-15hrs making a messy skatepark ? Huh ? Ca n't we have a blend of BMX and skateboard stuff and be done with it ? Why put some trash in the park ? 9 . Classic mode is quite good10 . But lack of old THPS , THUG levels .11 . I rather have load times than skate through tunnels .12 . More skate competitions and bike competitions !!!!! Note
 DO N'T listen to anything those other guys are saying ! everything they said is not true . this game is ten times better than any of the pro skater games . and blows both thug games out of the water . the graphics are awesome , the story was hard -LRB- not beatable in 5 hours like they say -RRB- and extremely fun . the classic mode is the bomb . all the new create-a modes are sweet !!! the bmx bike is pretty hard to get used to but when you learn the basics it gets pretty fun . I love that they got rid of the loading screens and made one humongous level . well anyways this game is worth well over 50 $ A + + + + + +
 Not the best but not the worst . Ok but pretty much the same as the undergrounds . Its still one of the best skateing games out there .
 I got tony hawk 's american wasteland the day it came out and it was awesome once I got home I played it for 6 hours striaght then I whent outside and started to skateboard I have a real board its baker skate co. uhmm whell anywhey its awesome !!!! seeya
 THIS IS THE BEST HAWK GAME IVE EVER PLAYED I LOVE THE CREATABILITY THIS GAME OFFERS YOU CAN CREATE A BOARD YOU CAN HAVE TATTOOS AND CHANGE YOUR LOOK . I LOVED IT ... IT WAS WELL WORTH THE MONEY AND I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY IT GOT BAD REVIEWS .
 I would have hated to be in the marketing department for this one . Usually the publishers of a game will sit down and brainstorm a bunch of snappy and grandiose comments to plaster all over the back of a game box . Pumping up new features , or announcing a slamming new soundtrack , or maybe some superstar endorsement , all in an attempt to wow you into buying the game . Let 's face it , we 've all been duped into buying a game at some point via the flashy ad-campaign on the back of the box.Well , I can honestly say that the most revealing and depressing quote from the back of the MLB 2003 box is , and I quote : `` THE ONLY MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL GAME FOR THE PLAYSTATION THIS YEAR , take the field with the 7-year seasoned veteran , MLB 2003 `` Talk about a game with low self-esteem ! Now this is just sad . In essence , they are saying `` Buy our game because that 's the only choice you have ! -LSB- ... -RSB- '' It 's funny that 989 is n't even bothering to spout off about new features that we all know will be horrible anyway . And I think we all know about 989 Sports ' fairly checkered past , so I do n't know if 7 years of mediocrity is enough to really make a consumer purchase the title.As for gameplay , it is nothing you have n't seen before . They 've been using the same basic game engine for years -LRB- and proud of it , apparently ! -RRB- so nothing new to report there . The graphics are fairly underwhelming , but the fielding control is accurate enough to forgive the aging visuals . The pitcher/batter match-up is done adequately . On the veteran -LRB- medium difficulty -RRB- level racking up Pedro-esque K-numbers is n't difficult , each pitcher has 4 pitches in his repertoire , just make sure to alter pitch types and locations frequently and you should be fine . As far as batting goes , hitting the ball is easy enough , but hitting well enough to score runs can be a tough task . The trajectory of the ball off of the bat is accurate though.Fielding is responsive , balls hit to the wall will usually end up as the extra-base hits they should be . There is that typical 989 Sports foible of being able to throw out a runner at first on the occasional hit to right-field -LRB- rarely , but still unforgivable . -RRB- And speaking of foibles , yes some glitches remain intact , even after the hallowed 7 years . During the first game I played , the CPU hit a little flare to foul territory on the 3rd-base side , I wandered over and gloved it , but apparently not well enough , as it was ruled a foul ball , and the batter continued his at-bat . Yes , you can still bounce off one another in the field , which is useless but fun to watch . Catchers will still run the risk of being bowled over at the plate.Baserunning is passable , but your runners STILL will take off on any contact made . So if you hit an obvious fly ball to center , no matter how many outs , the runner on 3rd takes off . This is not only unrealistic but aggravating when you have to march him back to 3rd , then hope he still has time to tag and make it back home.My biggest gripe remains , even after all these years , the CPU STILL relies on the longball to score the majority of their runs . I have never liked the over-abundance of homeruns in console baseball games , and MLB 2003 while not being the worst offender is still guilty of too many homeruns.The rosters are surprisingly accurate . The Mets have all of their acquisitions , even Scott Strickland -LRB- from the Expos -RRB- but Jeremy Giambi is still in Oakland . The create-a-player Spring Training mode returns , but you still have to kick someone off the team to make room for your guy.So , the bottom line is that this is yet another installment of the MLB series . If you enjoyed previous editions -LRB- or at least had some fun with them -RRB- then you will enjoy this one . If you prefer the sim-like strategies of PC games like Baseball Mogul and Out Of The Park , you likely stopped reading this review and are playing them now . Personally , even with all of the irritating faults of the series , I like MLB 2003 enough to buy it -LRB- the price is reasonable -RRB- and have some fun with it . Playing against a human opponent often neutralizes the annoying CPU habits .
 This game is filled with great graphics , handling and everything you could want in a baseball game . so go grab your hot dog and sit down to play this game just like sitting in a stadium !
 this game is cool i gave it 4 instead of 5 cuz it looks the same but it is fun especially when u play against a friend.the homerun view is tight except it is hard to rob a player of a homerun but in the previous games it is really easy even if an opponent hits 600 ft. just time it perfectly.but everything else is great . i think it is better thatn Triple Play 2002 for PS2 cuz in TP2002 Mo Vaughn & Mike Piazza are as skinny as Ichiro but in this game u can tell the difference between Vaughn and Ichiro . I havent played ASB 2003 or High Heat but this game is better than TP 2002 for PS2 . So if cant decide on TP 2002 or MLB 2003 u should get MLB 2003 for gameplay cuz this is a lot funner and u wont get bored but if u like graphics get TP 2002 .
 if ride and doing tricks on a stateboard is ' t good its all right cause they 've added a bike and you can create your own person all i have to say is SIMPLE AWESOME
 Yes the graphics are subpar for a next-gen system but , This game is extremly fun , not to mention that there are many more tricks plus bmx , so do n't listen to the bad try it for yourself .
 This game may be too unrealistic for some , but is still a great Tony Hawk game . The game is different from most Tony Hawk games in that it is unrealistic . You can find games online and have loads of fun . You can do triple back flips on skateboards !
 The plot is time consuming in story mode but if you 're into the story it 's totally worth -LRB- that may be a big IF for some -RRB- . You can also fall back on classic mode if the story gets boring .
 This is an incredible game . The graphics are beautiful , the sound is sharp , and the levels are well designed . Another high point is the extremely addictive gameplay -LRB- so prominent in every Tony Hawk title . -RRB- I 've played THPS 1 , 2 , and 4 , THUG 2 , and Project 8 , although this is my first Hawk gaming experience on the Xbox 360 . The graphics -LRB- despite this being the 7th out of 9 in the Tony Hawk series -RRB- are about the best I have seen so far ... Of course this is because I 've only played the previous games on PS2 , Gamecube and N64 . Despite this fact , this is wonderful.The game is comprised of a classic mode -LRB- in which you complete classic challenges like collect SKATE , find the hidden tape , and achieve a sick score -RRB- and a story mode -LRB- much like the quite hilarious Underground 2 . BOTTOM LINEIf you are a teen looking for an amazing gaming experience , grab THAW for the 360 and be blown away .
 The graphics might not be the best out there , but this game is fun ! This is just as entertaining as any other Tony Hawk game in the series . If you are planning on doing the absolute minimum requirents and playing 10 hours a day , then I guess you could say this game is really short . I play casually and actually try to accomplish all the extra goals and I did n't find this game short at all . Now that the price is down from $ 60 , I would definitely give this game a shot if you are a fan of the TH series .
 Well worth the money , overall an excellent game , utilizing what made the originals so good in the first place ...
 Intro : I think of RPGs on PC as an acquired taste . The genre , in my opinion , was never fully embraced by the mainstream gamers for the longest time . Classic CRPG such as ` Ultima ' and earlier ` The Elder Scrolls ' series were perhaps not easily accessible to the mainstream gamers as much as Japanese RPGs such as ` Final Fantasy ' and ` Dragon Quest ' series . Part of the reason is that such games do not grant the player instant gratification like most of action , adventure , FPS , and sports games . Even monstrously successful western-styled RPG ` The Elder Scrolls ' series were not fully accepted by the general gamers until ` Oblivion ' came out and sold over 3 million copies . Even ` Morrowind ' , while selling over 1 million , was never fully embraced by the casual gamers . But I 've always had a soft spot for computer RPGs . I just had to play ` Two Worlds ' . Is ` Two Worlds ' a good RPG?Gaming World : ` Two Worlds ' is a non-linear , open-ended RPG set in a massive gaming world similar in those from ` The Elder Scrolls ' and ` Gothic ' series . The gaming world in the game ` Antaloor ' is truly massive , even bigger than ` Cyrodiil ' of ` Oblivion ' , and the world is full of towns and settlements and monsters of all sizes and shapes . The world of ` Antaloor ' is very diverse world filled with different environments from mountain to forest to desert to volcano to glacier . Wait till you get to the much much darker and evil places like hell 's gate . The overall feel of the gaming world is probably much closer to that of ` Gothic 3 ' than ` Oblivion ' . As much as I love ` Oblivion ' , the lack of diversity in environment in the vanilla version of the game grows tiresome as the game progresses . It is very refreshing to jump into a world where everything looks distinctively different . Except a few places , you can go anywhere in the world , whenever you want to go . However , the enemies in many areas will overpower you in a blink of an eye in the beginning . They are outrageously powerful as you move down the southern part of the world . There is no loading zone except underground level.Game Mechanism : In the beginning , casual players will be disoriented , lost , and even upset about the lack of direction or inability to defeat even your very basic foes like wolf and bear.You have to meticulously build your character . It is a time-consuming chore that is required in all RPGs in general , but that 's where the fun lies . Once you build your character , you will be able to blast the packs of enemies in a single blow . Although the game has a main storyline , you can ignore the main story and just go anywhere and do any side quest.Combat / Magic : The whole combat / magic mechanics are much more similar with ` Diablo ' . You level up fast with each combat , you acquire tons of loots including your weapons and armors.The combat mechanism in this game is somewhat clunky in the beginning . It 's a real-time combat based on your stats , and it 's not menu-driven action like ` Neverwinter Nights ' . You have to make contact to inflict the damage . I would n't call it terrible but not quite well-implemented like ` Oblivion ' . Initially , instead of feeling kinetic and fierce , it feels like a button-smashing click-fest . There is no block function ; instead you have backward parry function that comes very useful to dodge the enemy attack . There are tons of varieties in weapons / armors / magic so you will eventually gain more control over your combat / magic movements . Different weapons give you different combat movement , and they give you different combat styles and maneuvers that are really magnificent . Once you gain some experience and increase character level , the initially clunky combat mechanism becomes very exciting and addictive . The 3rd-person perspective of this game is far better than that of ` Oblivion ' , although there 's no 1st-person perspective combat like ` Oblivion ' . Another thing that this game does right is magic . It is very easy to use and the magic effects are amazing.NPCs : NPCs in the game are quite dynamic . They move around , they go into their houses , they lock their houses , they go to sleep . They do share many dialogues from the same pool within the same region . Many of them offer you side quests and side quests are plentiful . They are your usual Fedex fetching quest consisted of item delivery , assassination , combat , and locating someone / something . When attacked , they will respond with deadly force . When they see enemy approach , they will fight and even assist you in combat . Their response will vary depending on your reputation . If you commit assault or stealing , you will be attacked or banished from the town you commit the crime at.Enemies : There are tons of enemy types in ` Antaloor ' , and many of them are no push-over . In fact , in the southern part of the town , they are outrageously strong . They are very well drawn and designed . In combat , many occasions they attack you in packs . Anywhere from 3 to as many as 20 I 've seen . They will follow you to certain distance then disperse , so running away from combat is a useful tactic early on . Retreat until you are strong enough . When in combat , use parry function often.Graphic : Again , the graphic in RPGs is never on the same level with FPS mainly because exterior game world is simply too huge for PC to process and optimize at the level of FPS while FPS only have to deal with one limited , linear level at a time -LRB- usually interior level -RRB- . To maintain a persistent outside world as whole , RPGs usually lose some quality in graphic department . The graphic in ` Two World ' is not quite polished like ` Oblivion ' but it is by no mean bad . In fact , Shade effects and colors are quite vibrant and lively . Where it falters is the design of the character model . It is bit jaggy and unpolished , and the facial design is just ugly . There are occasional collision problems and creatures stuck in the wall . On the other hand , enemies , weapons , and armors are drawn quite impressively . Environments and plants are simply beautiful . And there are dragons . You simply have to see them in games ... beautiful.PC Requirements : The official requirements are single-core CPU of 2 GHz or faster with RAM of 512 MB or more and graphic card with Shader 2.0 or higher.My once-glorious but now aging 4 year-old , custom-made PC equipped with 3 GHz P4 HT CPU with 2 GB of RAM and NVIDIA 7800 GS has no problem running this game beautifully with all the effects turned on and maxed out . The loading time is only 3-7 seconds.Verdict : ` Two Worlds ' is a computer RPG through and through . It has its flaws but it also does many things even better than ` Oblivion ' . ` Oblivion ' has so much raised the standard of RPGs , by which all other RPGs will be measured , it 's a tragedy that ` Two Worlds ' will be unfairly criticized and ignored . If you like ` The Elder Scrolls ' series before ` Oblivion ' and if you are in the minority of enjoying ` Gothic ' series , give this game a chance . It will grow on you . If non-linear , open-ended world sandbox is your thing and you love to traverse the world doing side quests , building your stats , and kill enemy on sight the way you want it , whenever you want it , and however you want it , you will like this game . If you are more into ` Final Fantasy ' series or FPS and action game , most likely you will not enjoy this game . Still curious ? Try free demo from the official website at http://www.2-worlds.com first and decide . This is not a game I can whole-heartedly recommend to a casual gamer . This is for die-hard RPG lovers only . ` Two Worlds ' falls a bit short of ` Oblivion ' , but it is a very impressive achievement . In the current RPG markets where RPGs choices are scarce and plenty of bad RPGs like ` Dungeon Lords ' and ` NeverEnd ' are on the shelves , ` Two Worlds ' is simply far superior to most computer RPGs available today .
 The voice acting is really the only place that this falls short . It starts off terrible in the northern continent with emphasis placed on words that it should not . as you get further south it seems to get a little better . Graphically its amazing , looking better than oblivion in my opinion and by far more optimized so it runs smoother . The diversity of the landscape is great from woodlands to glaciers , deserts , bamboo jungles , magical burning trees -LRB- that look awesome by the way -RRB- , swamps , and beaches it really does have alot more diversity than any other free roaming game i have played thus far . So for 15 $ from some sellers and even less for the normal edition I would have to say this is a great buy . Just dont pay much attention to the voice acting and if you really hate it you can turn the voice acting off and read the subtitles ... pretend its like Morrowind where you have to read everything ... its good for you .
 I was surprised just how great this game is . Morrowind is my all time , absolute favorite , and I was disappointed with Oblivion . However , this game is turning out to be just as good as Morrowind . I hope it as many hours of game play . The graphics are amazing . The plot is not spectacular , but pretty darn good compared to many games out right now . I like the magic system and the upgradable weapons . If you get two weapons or armor of the same type , you can combine them to increase their associated values . The variety or weapons , armor and magic items seems endless . I 've been playing for two days , and I keep running into different items . I like the teleport system . Teleporters are scattered throughout the world , and it eliminates much of the over land travel . I 've read complaints about the voice acting , and while its nothing special , its not bad enough to detract from my gaming enjoyment . I like that you can ride a horse ... i just have to figure out how to do it . I highly recommend this game . Activation was a pain . I did it online . Pretty annoying .
 If you enjoy playing Oblivion and Gothic , you will enjoy this game , too . It is not on a par with those games , but does have a number of elements from each plus other RPG games such as Sacred . It is outstanding in load time and game saving options . The graphics are not quite up to Oblivion standards , but better than Gothic . Early in the game , the hero dies a lot , but it is fun figuring a way to overcome opponents . Later , after acquiring stronger weapons , much armor and many spells , the opponents are either too easy , offering little challenge or too hard , killing the hero with a single blow . I have not completed the game yet , but will probably replay it later with a difficult setting .
 Two worlds is an excellent PC game to exceed Oblivion . It has excellent graphics , very good story . If I had to say something negative about it is that , I run a high end PC and occasionally the game jerks and after a few hours of intense gaming the games freezes up.Other than that , everything else scores high for me
 I 'm pretty much satisfied with this game to the max . The extensive realism and multiplayer/campaign is extremely fun . It 's takes awhile to get use to but after that it 's all fun . I recommend anyone that wants to play a realistic military simulation to play this game .
 The game is basically Operation Flashpoint with better physics , graphics , AI , weapons , etc. . The game is very demanding on one 's hardware . I am not sure even a top end machine could run this game with everything maxed out and still have frame rates over 30 in the towns . Still , even if your machine is a year old , and have to run the game on medium settings , the graphics are still pretty decent.It has been said before , but this game is more a combat simulator than it is a first person shooter . Realism is not sacrificed for game play , which can be very frustrating sometimes , but overall provides a rewarding experience when one succeeds at a mission .
 If you liked Operation Flashpoint , you ca n't go wrong with this one.Now that it 's patched to a respectable level , it 's the only thing i play.Note
 The Good
 Finally it gets released !!! This is the mother of all tactical first person shooter/military simulations . This is about as realistic as it gets , I know , I 'm in the USMC infantry . I especially love the supplementary missions that allow you to change the course of the main mission you 're trying to accomplish ! I also love that the editor is so powerful , you could almost create a whole other game from it !
 The thing I enjoy most is this game is harder to master than other first person shooters . It use 's some real world tatics and thinking to successfully complete the missions It 's not just a run and gun game .
 Phenomenal , that is you if like to play co-op in a tactical style of play in a game that achieves more realism than any other game I can think of.I did n't `` come from '' OFP . I came from the Tom Clancy line of `` tactical shooters '' and with nothing on the market that resembled a `` tactical shooter '' that had co-op , I was still playing Ghost Recon - the original . That sounds a bit sad ... not for me but for an industry that could n't match GR 's gameplay in what , 7-8 years?I actually tried the ArmA SP demo when it first came out and thought it was a joke - I probably was n't used to the extremely different gameplay . And overall , I think most will agree - it was very underwhelming . But a year later , after seeing the screenies and reviews , and since it was selling for less than the cost to ship it , I gave it a try . Unfortunately , I tried to get started with the single-player . SP is really not where ArmA shines . I tried the first two SP missions and again , thought they were an absolute joke . I was about to delete the game from my drive forever when I tried some sort of ad-hoc , quickie mission mode where I had to defend a small area from attackers . Well , FINALLY , I got a taste of the real gameplay of ArmA and realized that this game was tremedously better than any combat game I 've ever played.As I tell others , everything about this game requires an adjustment - unless , of course , you 're a OFP player . Movement , shooting , you-name-it , you 'll probably have to make big adjustments . At first , I was like ... `` this is ridiculous '' . I actually hated the `` mechanics of combat '' probably because it was SOOO different than games I 've played before . But I completely adjusted and realized that they were going for something totally different than most games ... simulating combat as it really happens : - you have to lead running targets and adjust for bullet drop depending on distance to target . - both you and the enemy will miss ... a lot . - the enemy will go prone when you engage them ... what !! how dare they ? They 'll be harder to hit ! - you can be killed by an enemy that is 200-300 meters away . Now wait a minute ... I 'm the gamer here - how dare they kill me at the same long distance that I can kill them ? What is going on here !?!? - battlefields are huge -LRB- you 're playing on a fully-realized world -RRB- and there are `` distances '' involved . - and many more things I had to re-learn so-to-speak . Regarding graphics , ArmA is by far the best-looking game I 've ever played . Admittedly , I have most of the video options cranked as I 'm using a very powerful video card but nonetheless , the models and the environment combined with HDR will make you stop in the middle of a mission and think that what you 're looking at just does n't belong in a video game . Many of the screenies you can find on the net appear photo-realistic . In regards to modding , there are mods galore for the game . You can install new vehicles , new guns , new ACUs -LRB- uniforms -RRB- but even more importantly , you can use a large number of mods that significantly change ArmA 's gameplay -LRB- ACE , XAM , etc. -RRB- But best of all , you can easily learn to script your own missions . I 've only spent a little bit of time reading a beginner tutorial mission at OFPEC.com but it was enough to get me to a point where I could : - change the mission 's AI squad size . - choose a soldier type and custom loadout for all AI players in the mission . - set up fully-loaded ammo boxes at the location of my choosing throughout the map . - put custom-loadouts in the ammo cargoes of the vehicles . - add whatever units and vehicles I wanted to the mission . - how to do a helicopter insertion and a `` water '' extraction for your team . - and actually enough where I could entirely create my own mission.It seems to me , after doing a lot of reading on the ArmA forums , you can pretty much do whatever you can imagination - if you learn the scripting languquage.Most of the reviews you see here are quite old . I do n't know what ArmA was like back when these reviews were done . All I can say is that now , this game is light years ahead of any combat game I 've ever played.Some things to note : - ArmA requires a hefty video card but more importantly , it needs a very powerful cpu to deal with the boatloads of AI soldiers in many missions . - ArmA , IMHO , is best played with some of your buddies in Co-Op . The more people the better . I do n't recommend it for the SP campaign . - Plain-vanilla ArmA can be greatly enhanced with mods . Let 's just say `` friends do n't let friends play ArmA without a custom sound pack ! '' I doubt that anyone plays ArmA as plain vanilla unless required in multi-player . I just tell my buds what mods we 're going to be playing with . - I would not recommend you try the demos . I know the original SP one was horrible . For the price you can get ArmA in Amazon 's Used/New section , I highly recommend you pick it up and enjoy some military engagements . - ArmA is currently played by the 6thSense gaming group -LRB- 6thsense . eu -RRB- . There 's probably no better testament to the fantastic gameplay of this game than that .
 This game is very underrated . Very realistic , even better with a few mods . Good graphics if you can run it with everything turned up , but it still looks decent even with low settings . And with a built in editor , and Online play the possibilities are endless . Just go on youtube and look it up . Lots of videos that show what its all about . Or just download the demo and try it .
 yeah it ` s got a few bugs but the gameplay is a helluva lot better than HALO . I never put this game down its on all my hard drives about 10 ... . I introduced it to a few US military ppl and they dont put it down either ... . Its not realistic in the graphics but realistic in the tactics and gameplay
 Arma is a military sim with that said its not like COD4 run and gun style gameplay , you actually have to take some time to figure out how you wish to go about accomplishing missions and yes its hard , you 'll probably die a lot.Someone has said this game has no mods , thats completely untrue this game has thousands of mods that are just great , especially mods by ACE and 5th sense . Not only that but many mods for Operation flashpoint are also portable to Arma . Do n't like the sounds ? theres like 50 realistic sound mods to add . Do n't like the weapon skins ? theres a mod for that , do n't think 40 weapons is enough ? Oh god theres 100s of weapons to add . Tired with the same missions ? Go download whole missions and campaign missions.Also someone complained about some of the bugs in the game , I hate to say this but what PC game comes out perfect ? Crysis had a patch right after release , so did Bioshock , Crysis , Half Life2 , and many more . The problem is do you think a developer can test a game for every single problem trying thousands of of variables ? Well if you do be willing to shell out the extra money for the work . Besides atleast Arma still has updates even after ArmaII unlike other games like Crysis.I myself do had some problems too though , one was AI accuracy being to high even at 200-300 meters but that was fixed once I downloaded the patch 1.14 , if you get the new patch nearly all your problems would be fixed and with some mods turns the game into something completely amazing.mods and official patches could be found at armaholics btwLastly someone said the game looks bad , I do n't know about your system but I have an AMDx2 3400 , Geforce 7300GT , 1024 Ram , and I can play the game on high with patch 1.14 with 25-30fps so unless your system total sucks it might be very bad and would suggest to update your system .
 I have found that this game has become a `` fun '' addiction due to the challenges and realistic situations encountered during the missions . It is fun , especially when played online with friends . I would recommend this game to anyArmA
 ArmA is an amazing military similator . For me what sets it apart is the scenario creator and user created Mods .
 I purchased this game because I enjoyed Operation Flashpoint thouroughly . This game did not disappoint . From the training missions to the campaigns , This game maintained my interest . It is not just a shoot-em-up . Rather , Arma requires strategy and patience as well as a steady aim . This , I feel , is the game 's true appeal . While it is not flashy like a Halo3 , it is more engaging and dynamic . True , there were some tedious parts of the game , but the missions , weapons , vehicles , and characters were all beautifully rendered and realistic.Arma did require some tweaking on my part in order to minimize buggy graphics -- Yes , it is a resource hog . I use Windows XP . The reported bugs have not diminished my enjoyment of Arma . I have not played Arma online , though , because I played it while on deployment , but I look forward to doing so soon.I will get tons of play with Arma , thanks to the mission editor . I would purchase this game again and again . Four stars for the dazzling , yet heavy Arma .
 Others have tried , but there 's only one game series that delivers the level of realism , freedom and vast terrain needed for combined military operations . The OFP/ArmA series has only disappointed the weak and immature . It has elevated the standards all other military simulations should follow . Bohemia Interactive has once again blown my helmet off . Take it from me , save your money and stop buying games that leave you feeling cheated . This is the ONLY combat game you 'll need for a LONG time.7-year OFP Pilot/Tactician
 As an old player from the original Operation Flashpoint game that was ArmA 's precessor -LRB- also made by BIS -RRB- , I was very skeptical of this new game that was sold as OFP2 . They could not call it Operation Flashpoint 2 because Codemasters holds the right to that title and not the makers of Operation Flashpoint . However being a HUGE fan of OFP and a dedicated mod team member -LRB- Lost Brothers Mod -RRB- , I actually bought a new computer for the sole purpose of playing this game . The downside of this game is that it requires a VERY powerful computer system to run it well . For those of you still teetering along with 1.7 ghz PC 's and trying to stuff more RAM and video cards into it , you may not be able to run this game . I had to buy a AMD64 Atholon X2 -LRB- Dual Core -RRB- PC and soup it up a bit with extra memory -LRB- an other 512megs for a total of 1 gig of RAM -RRB- and a Nvidia Gforce 7300 GT video card -LRB- not too expensive -RRB- to play the demo with decent frame rates . I HIGHLY recommend that you download the demo first of ArmA before you buy it . It will give you some understanding of how the full game is like . However the full game in its latest update has many new things . From BIS 's past history with OFP , they will release new updates things for it every few months . Plus , once the Mod Tools are released for ArmA , you will have literally THOUSANDS of mods made for ArmA ranging from WWII mods to modern or sci-fi mods and everything in between.OFP still has a few strong points that ArmA does not have , -LRB- easier flight system for helicopters and planes , and a more versatile mission editor -RRB- . However , ArmA is n't too bad and has vastly superior graphics . It also has in-game joining capability in Multi-Player mode and fairly good net support . So all in all , if you want something slightly less arcade-like then BF2 and with much larger maps , then ArmA is your baby . The maps are HUGE and highly realistic . Google ArmA screenshots and you will think you are looking at photographs of real places on some of them . It really does look that good . In fact even on low resolution it still looks very nice . So all in all I highly recommend it if you have a fairly good gaming computer . If not , check out its predecessor , Operation Flashpoint -LRB- Game of the Year Edition -RRB- and enjoy years worth of thousands of mods made for it .
 I was a big fan OFP and this is basically the same thing with updated graphics and maps . The editor is cool to create your own battle packs also there are a ton of mods out already.This is the only realistic fighting sim there is so do n't look elsware .
 What made me write this review was the fact that most of the updates I red here are largely out of date . Since it 's shaky release and several patches the game is much smoother and many problems have been fixed . The modding community is now very active and there are literally hundreds of addons to try , with many more on the way . If you were a fan of the orginial operation flashpoint , or the orginial Ghost Recon you will love this game.The only disappointment is the single player campign . But this game really shines when you play cooperative multiplayer with close like-minded freinds who enjoy the kind of realism ArmA offers .
 Game is more like real combat than any other game lately . Making it drawn out on occasions and very had to get through certain levels.That being said , that is what also makes the game good at times too .
 OK . This is the best mil sim game out there right now . When you have the Australian DF and USMC backing it up as adopters of the military version , namely VBS1/VBS2 , it should raise any gamer 's eyebrow . The civillian version is this North American release 1.06 . There 's three areas to be reviewed ; the game engine , the missions , and the modding community 's contribution.ArmA
 I liked this game a lot , but couldnt play it on my newer computer because it causes Vista to crash and need to be reinstalled .
 Rainbow Six Lockdown : This is the first Rainbow Six version I ever played so I can not compare it to any previous version.Single player haves 16 missions total , and about 4 or 5 subdivision in each mission.In Single player you are a Squad leader consisting of 4 men.You can command your squad to perform various maneuvers in campaign missions.I am not going to say that the AI are good or bad.It really depends on the squad leader 's commands which make the difference.Each mission have certain objectives to complete , kill terrorists , disarm enemy security systems so you can enter without being noticed , steal and download information from enemy computers , rescue hostages and plenty more objectives.You have an option to equipt your squad and yourself with any weapon and gear.You will be able to choose which character you want to be.Both male and female characters are available.Missions take place all over the world.You are never in the same place.When commanding your squad you use keyboard keys.Each key is assigned to a command.Or you can use a microphone and headset to vocally command your squad . In single player you also have a choice to start the campaign without your AI.It is called -LRB- Lone Wolf mode -RRB- . The graphics are great . Sound is also good.If your computer system can not handle the graphics and not able to load the game correctly with the automatic setting set , just drop to minimal graphic settings , and it still looks great.Even though single player is extremely fun , Multiplayer is much more entertaining.You can play different Rainbow SIX lockdown online modes connected with ubisoft website . One type of multiplayer mode called -LRB- CO-OP MODE -RRB- - which groups you with 3 other real people not computer generated AI Squad . In this mode there is no leader just a 4 man squad fighting a mass number of computer generated Mercenaries which are extremely skilled , you and your squad have to complete certain objectives during campaign missions.You work in a group as `` An Elite Team '' . Since your squad are real people no need to have a leader to give constant commands . Or you can play or create other multiplayer modes.There is -LRB- TEAM ADVERSARIAL MODE -RRB-
 It seems from other reviews that they do not like this game because it does not work like the other Rainbow Six Games . Personally , I 'm glad it does n't . I 'm not big on mapping out moves , on and etc. , because it gets to be a lot of work . I do n't want to work , just enjoy myself.Rainbow Six is a lot like Ghost Recon . If you liked Ghost , you 'll like Lockdown . You make your commands on the fly . Graphics are great . But you have to have a pretty strong computer . It does n't take a military scientist to play it , but it is a lot of fun . It was a breath of fresh air to me after playing the tactic intense Six 's . If you liked Ghost Recon , or even Splinter cell . You 'll like this .
 My introduction to the Tom Clancey world was through the game ` The Sum of All Fears ' . I followed that up with Rainbow Six 3
 I admit i am not a true rainbow six game fan . but i loved the book and finally there is a game suited to my playing style . Run , Shoot and ask questions later . Unlike the earlier and later Rainbow six games this is a true shooter and not a tactical shooter . the boring planning and waiting is over . run in guns-a-blazing and destroy any resistance .
 If I had played this one before playing Rainbox 6 , Vegas 2 , then I probably would have ranked it 5 stars . Pretty good gameplay . The thing about playing newer games and then going back to an older one is that you notice the things that are missing and the graphics are harder to see than you would like . But well worth the small price that I paid for it . I recommend this for Clancy fans .
 Its all good to me . Its a bit different than the earlier R6 games but , I find it great fun regardless . Multiplayer was a great hit on this but sadly has no online support .
 This is the first game in the Rainbow Six series , which had been introduced as a first person shooter type game . All previous games were strategy games where a lot of planning was needed to be done beforehand . The player was required to decide how many teams he/she was taking , how many operatives he/she was taking , where to send each team and at what point , what specific orders were required at specific points in an area , and so on . All of these are not the responsibility of the player in Lockdown . As mentioned earlier , this game is the first ever first person shooter type game in the Rainbow Six series . An therein lies the reason why so many other reviewers have given this game a bad rating . I suppose they can not be blamed , because Ubisoft adopted a new plan on how to take the Rainbow Six franchise forward . Some liked the new plan -LRB- fans of first person shooter games -RRB- , while others detested it -LRB- fans of strategy games -RRB- . However , strictly from an overall perspective , the game is fun to play . The graphics have improved tremendously from the previous games . But , the change in visuals and designs is also greatly attributable to the fact that this game is not a strategy game . The team members now have real character-types . For instance , Yacoby is , in fact , quite the annoying , arrogant , uptight , and prude woman that she was portrayed to be in her bio in the previous Rainbow Six games , although her American accent considering her Israeli background puzzles me . Loiselle 's French accent fits his French background . Price 's English accent fits his English background . McAllen is portrayed to be funny . The accents of the other characters are reflected perfectly ... except of course for Yacoby.Great job as far as the character design -LRB- although Lofquist and Yacoby look like mirror images of each other -RRB- , voices and accents go . Why then did I remove one star away from fun ? The answer to that is simple
 The Aliens series has been one of the most influencial scary movies of all-time . The Alien 3 movie is based on a prison planet where the protagonist Mrs.Weaver is trapped , she must recruit the help of all sorts of convicts to help her kill the Dog Alien spawned from a Rotweiler . Aliens take to the physical characteristics of their hosts , as the Dog Alien had magnificent stamina and expetional speed prefering to chase and kill it 's victims rather than it 's human counterparts who are based on stealth . Regardless it was a very scary , malicious and gory creature and it 's plushy is the exact opposite
 This is an okay choice for simple home planning . The color selection is good as long as you accept that it wo n't be a Sherwin-Williams perfect match . The fabrics tend to stretch and look strange , but there are a fair amount to get by with , the wallpapers are okay , the curtains colors are really limited . It seems best for single to three room layouts , without mirrors , clocks or pictures which tend to float or attach to corners . Stairs are a pain as there seems no way to rotate them for your space . Save save save as you go , there are sudden glitches that freeze things up . I like it overall for fooling with or exploring what a space would look like from a blueprint . Have n't figures out the import feature yet either ! For the price it is decent and does let you get a feel for the space .
 I recieved this as a gift for Xmas ... this is how I ended up with it , otherwise I might have been scared adfter reading the reviews here . But this is very effective software if you are familiar with cad or at least some sort of design software . I have a background in design and am familiar with other 3d software . I also use 20/20 kitchen software . My laptop is loaded with Gig and RAM so that makes alot of difference . It took a long time to load the software ... I havent had one crash and quickly designed a 3500 sq ft house . I admit there is a few things I dont like about this software , it could be much better , but viewing the house in 3d is pretty good for the price . It has enough options to choose from . The graphics are not bad , but dont expect it to look as great as the box images . Im not done exploring it yet . If you have a pc with the power and goodies and you perhaps a slight background using this type of software , it should be aequate for doing alot of useful tasks , otherwise yeah , dont be disapointed because your pc cant handle it .
 This product is fun to play with . I like all the options . It does take up a lot of space on the computer though . It has a lot of options and designs , which I like though .
 I do n't know what the person selling 1893
 Up until Tony Hawk Underground -LRB- THUG -RRB- the series enjoyed a steady upward evolution . Although THUG saw some improvements , the graphics and skate venues suddenly went from clean and sharp in Tony Hawk 4 to dingy and forgettable . The goal may have been to create a gritty world but for me it just looked dirty and rushed . Perhaps it 's the stress of trying to put out a new game every year but after Tony Hawk 4 the series seemed much less polished . The addition of non-skateboard modes of travel seemed shallow and tacked on and would n't have been so bad if they were n't required to complete the game . The driving portions seemed like they were created in about 10 minutes . THUG 2 introduced a new aspect to the series , a disturbing mean spiritedness . The nastiness continues in THAW and even increases giving players the ability to actually smack their skateboard upside a persons head.Tony Hawk American Wasteland is an improvement on the two THUG games but still leaves a bit to be desired . The game still seems rushed with bugs and occasional stutters in the frame rate . Some of the tricks have gotten so esoteric to have reached the level of bizarre . The biggest problem is that some of the tricks are absolutely essential in completing the game and some are REALLY hard and this is from a person who has completed 6 versions of Tony Hawk . I am currently COMPLETELY stuck trying to do a manual for what looks like about a half a mile of curvy path.On the upside THAW has six great levels of Classic Tony Hawk that make me long for the old days . There is a significant amount of BMX biking which although inferior to skateboarding is better than the dismal attempts in THUG to incorporate alternate vehicles . The storyline is improved over the previous two games although still focused on destroying property and injuring people.I think that Activision needs to stop trying to crank out a Tony Hawk game every year because the series is looking extremely strained . I thought the wonderful Aggressive Inline , which came out a few years back , might light a fire under Neversoft to create a tighter game experience but instead Inline faded into obscurity while Tony Hawk has continued its relentless year by year release .
 My 11 year old played this game at a friend 's house and saved up his money to purchase this game . He was protective of his little sisters and brother by picking this over some of the others . First , this one has girls in it , where other Tony Hawk games do not and he wanted his sister 's to have an opportunity to make girl skaters when they are old enough to play . Also , you can turn off the blood that spurts out when people fall off their boards . It also does not contain the graffiti with profanity in the way that others do . We limit the play of this game though b/c we do have younger kids in the house . It seems to be the `` cleanest '' of the Tony Hawk games and my son loves to be able to make his own skate parks and test them .
 most of these people are crazy . sure , this is n't the best tony hawk game , but it is really fun and there are some cool new stuff in it .
 This Game Is Really Cool !! It has a great story line , exelent graphics , lots of characters to choose from -LRB- also hidden characters that you can unlock -RRB- . Over all this game is GREAT !!!!!!
 I recent dusted off my old gamecube and played some of my old favorites . Sadly , most of them did n't hold up well tot he test of test , but I was glad that this one did ... . mostly.The graphics and story mechanisms are bad , really bad . But the controls are fun . Playing this again reminded me why I liked this skate board games to begin with . Simple is better .
 I bought this game for my teenage son . My son loved the game . The only problem he had with it was that it was easy to beat . He beat the game in a little over a few days . He did enjoy the game quite a bit . I would recommend it but beware there may not be much play time if you spend a lot of time playing it .
 I liked this game the best untill I got '' UNDERGROUND 2 '' .
 Be careful , I am almost positive I ordered the PS2 version and I received the Game Cube Version .
 This is a great game . But there are lots of lies in this game like no loading it loads more than any tony hawk game . But when you ride the bike it does lots of Stupid manuals .
 This Game is the BEST . My 11 year old son absolutely loves it . On the Weekends he wakes up extra early does , his chores , and any homework , he may have and plays his game . It ' a great Bargin tool .
 This is the best game ever and should be played by any person who loves skateboarding or Tony Hawk should buy this . the best handheld skating experience ever .
 I got this game for my nephew and he has not put it down yet . The graphics are good and the movements are realistic . It was a great buy and I would purchase it all over again .
 If you like Tony Hawk games get this one . If you have n't played a game like this before , it 's fairly simple and easy , but it can be hard to perform long combos , even those long combos are n't necessary to advance throughout the game .
 Out of all the Nintendo DS games that I have owned , Tony Hawk American Sk8land was one of the best . Its cell-shaded graphics make it fun and refreshing compared to past Tony Hawk games . It 's one of those games that you can just pick up and keep you entertained for hours on end when you 're bored . Plus , with its WIFI option -LRB- allowing you to play against other players around the world -RRB- , just make the game more fun !
 I bought two of these for my grandsons , one is 17 and the other is 11 and in different states . they both loved them . I won grandma points for these .
 I thought this game was really fun and it worked great . I played it for hours and hours and never got tired of it . The graphics are great its the best graphics ive ever seen on a hand-held game system . So overall 5 stars no proplems . This game was PERFECT !!!
 I cant be to trusted , because i just got this today and have never previously played a tony hawk game , but from what i have -LSB- layed today i can say this much , the gameplay is absolutely wonderful , the graphics are AMAZING for a DS game -LRB- the screenshots DONT do it justice , you have to see it in motion . -RRB- the soundtrack isnt just blips and bloops but real songs by real bands . . wow . . its an amazing peice of technologie with huge areas to scate through . . i would buy this is you have ot havent played the other tony hawk games .
 skateing with your friends wat the hell is better then thats or mario kart i do admit that is a little better then this graphic wise but still highly recoment if u own underground 2 or all the other just amagine it like thatsty
 I called a bunch of times they said it comes out nov15 but still nothi anyway this game looks really cool and im gettin it u should to because u can play with anyone in the world using the wifi feature .
 I own every game system out there and this is the best Tony Hawk game out of all of them . Its graphics are uncomparable with its cel-shading and the framerate is unbelievable ! There are no loading times and you can go from level to level with out having to go though one menu ! It is awesome , you just go to the part of L.A. with a big floating green arrow and you just skate to the next level or area . Although I practically beat this game the day I got it there is this cool feature where you can download more goals from `` Nintendo Wifi Connection '' , this game just keeps going . The point of the game is to rebiuld this skatepark that has been abandoned and bring it back to its glory days when the pros skated there . The cool thing is that you acually buy what parts you want to biuld the skatepark your way . The game is even packed with a thirty minute sound track with real bands that are quite popular . Even all the pedestrians can talk to you with their recorded voices . And if you are a beginer there is an optional kid mode that makes landing tricks , combos , and grinds a whole lot easier . Aside from story mode there is a Classic mode that gives you a two minute timeer and a set of goals like the old GBA versions . This game is awesome and i recommend it to anyone who own a DS or plans on getting one some time soon . This is a no brainer , look no further for the best Tony Hawk game made . Just do n't wait any longer the games production has been canceled and they are not making it any more . WAIT NO LONGER !! ONLY ONLINE STORES THAT STILL HAVE IT IN STOCK ARE SELLING IT !!
 Many of the first few Tony Hawk games that appeared on the GBA were exceptionally good -LRB- not counting the GBA version of American Sk8land , which is pretty stale -RRB- , and the debut of the long running series on the DS is no different . Tony Hawk 's American Sk8land takes all the classic elements of the long running franchise and hits the ground running ; featuring smooth cell-shaded graphics that give the game an animated/comic book feel to it , and they look quite good . As with other games in the series , skating areas and such can be unlocked by completing goals in various modes of play . Story mode is n't anything real special , just like in the American Wasteland console games , but the real fun is to be had with Classic Mode and Free Skate , plus with Wi-Fi capability , most of the time the game is a blast to play . There 's also the option of switching the game 's point of view from behind the skater to the isometric view of the GBA series , which does n't add much to the gameplay but is a nice little feature . Vicarious Visions managed to inject some of the music tracks into the small DS cartridge , including classics from punk pioneers Black Flag and the Dead Kennedys , as well as Green Day , who can be considered pioneers in their own way -LRB- which is n't a good thing -RRB- help make the package all the sweeter . All in all , the DS version of Tony Hawk 's American Sk8land is the best portable Tony Hawk in a long time , and for DS owners looking for some great skating action , look no further .
 First off , the `` plot '' of the story mode is utter drivel . However , do n't let that get in the way of some solid gameplay . The true fun of htis game , after beating it in single mode will be had online -LRB- of course -RRB- . Its the best portable version of a tony hawk game yet.Also worth noting
 I was impressed with this game , it feels like a Tony Hawk game that was built specifically for the DS . I have been a fan of the long running Tony Hawk series since the beginning way back on playstation one . So much of a fan in fact that I can tell you without feeling silly that I have a game informer cover on my wall with Tony Hakw 's pro-skater -LRB- the tagline reads
 Tony Hawk 's American Sk8land for the DS is really just an OK game for me.The story was too simple for my taste probably because I 've been playing Tony Hawk games for years.I loved Tony Hawk 's Underground 2 , and all the THPS games , but unfortunately , I do not adore Tony Hawk 's American Sk8land the same way I did with the past Tony Hawk games.In rookie and pro mode storymode was quite easy to complete , even without `` kid '' mode on.The goals were very easy to beat and even if you decide what pieces to put into your skatepark , you do not have full control over the look of the park overall.Though the warehouse -LRB- what your skatepark is called -RRB- is undeniably large and a great place to skate in , it turns out gray and dull , something that I was not pleased with.And as far as thorough customization , meaning clothes , decks , and graffiti , the game did n't do a good job either.Unlike THUG2 , in this game , you have extremely minimal control over your characters looks.Yes , you do choose your skaters hairstyle and clothes , but you choose from only a few styles and colors.You ca n't even choose the shoes.Although this aspect is not the game itself , its nice to have to choice of things , you know what I mean?This missing component was a major dissappointment for me.But this game does n't dissappoint me entirely.I enjoyed skating in all seven levels , levels that were pretty large and detailed.In the console version of this game , the levels are maintained in the DS , so the look of the game is n't that different.Anyways , with kid mode on , you can easily pulls off tricks , including the 900 , a trick that was considered a special in pat console games.Having the freedom to skate and perform tricks to your liking was an aspect of the game that I really enjoyed.The control are pretty simple too.Doing tricks that would be hard to perform on the console version -LRB- for some , including myself -RRB- , such as handstands , other manuals -LRB- pogos , etc. -RRB- and backflips are much easier to control.This game also allows you to perform specials from the touch screen.You simply press an icon and a special is immediately performed.There 's a total of nine specials that can be performed from the touch screen that require no controls at all.As far as the graphics , the cel-shaded animated of the game is very unique and refreshing.A creative though not superb alternative to 3D animation,cel-shading took a bit of time for my eyes to get used to.But after a while though , I became accustomed to it , and I stopped caring about the graphics so much.Cel-shading is a very cool type of graphic for this game overall.The soundtrack is also very good though a bit short.The playlist features some great songs and even one that I 've heard from another skateboarding game I 've played , Grind Session to be exact.The sound quality is pretty clear for the DS as well , it was impressive might I say !!! So all in all , I found Tony Hawk 's American Sk8land to be an enjoyable though not thorough game.The missing aspects of the game were dissapointing , but there are enough pros to outnumber the cons.This game is compatible with Nintendo wi-fi as well , though only two players , something I dislike greatly.But overall , this is a fun , easy , and casual game.It 's a fun game that has a fair story mode but fierce classic mode.Something for every kind of Tony Hawk fan , new and old.I guess I could say I would recommend this game if you 're a Tony Hawk fan as well as a newbie to skateboarding games.The DS offers a unique take on the console version game that does fail to include certain features , but those missing aspects do n't ruin the game entirely , if at all to others .
 Tony Hawk 's American Sk8land -LRB- THAS -RRB- is one of the best -LRB- if not the best -RRB- Tony Hawk games in the series . THAS has a different style graphics than any other Tony Hawk game ; cell-shading . Cell-shading is a unique kind of graphic that looks like a cartoon . You either like this style or hate it , and I love it . Here is my review.Graphics
 This is a great DS game top to bottom . Its got 30 minutes of real music , great cel shaded graphics and a extremely robust online gaming features . Gameplay is fun classic TH , and not a single trick has been missed , this game is PACKED with so many to master its crazy . Its length is really what you make of it , because if you want to you can make this game really long -LRB- by unlocking stuff in cheats menu -RRB- and trying to earn a spot on the online rankings.Very pleased with the game , one of the more solid DS game releases that is honestly console quality . A must buy folks .
 Unlike the `` Tony '' himself , I am getting too old too quick and can no longer enjoy the exilerating skater life . Doing so for more than 20 minutes usually requires a few months of chiropractic services and a strict vitamin regimen . That being said , this game is as good as it gets on the DS . The graphics , sound editing , controls , and overall gameplay is amazing . Fun , fun , fun . Enjoy this one kiddos ! 9.5 out of 10 -LRB- That is a DS only rating -RRB-
 My daughter loves Wheel of Fortune and this gives her an opportunity to learn and play at the same time !
 The item came quickly and in great condition . I 'm extremely satisfied with my purchase and would highly recommend buying from this seller .
 Shared with all my girls at the office and we all enjoy a game or two during breaks . When you 're not in the mood to read a book this is an excellent alternative .
 this game i was a little scepticle looking for something with alot of puzzles and this is by far the best 1 out so far that i have seen
 grand kids really like playing this game.have a number of games for all to play . next one will be Jeorpdy
 I read a lot of reviews before choosing this one . It is fast , and my computer DOES NOT lock up . I love the games , It was easy for me to install.You wo n't be waisting your money buiying this game .
 Excellent product nd game , should there be any updates or improvements on the game , please inform me of these changes . Thank you
 ME AND MY HUSBAND USED TO FIGHT OVER THE COMPUTER TO PLAY THIS GAME . IT 'S GREAT . NOW I HAVE IT LOADED ON MY LAPTOP AND DESKTOP AND WE HAVE A GREAT TIME ON THE COMPUTERS PLAYING IT
 I play this every day , I play these games in the evening just before I go to bed to unwhine
 Most things I Review I say yep or nope . So I &#8217; m short about 19 0r so words for your review .
 the game is in excellent condition disc and all the packaging was great fast prompt courteous and speedy delivery . im very pleased with this item you should buy it its a fun family game .
 Hello , I was very happy with this order . It arrived sooner than I expected . It also came neatly packaged and is working well . Overall , I am very pleased and would do business with them again .
 It is really fun to play a game that you have seen over and over on TV . It works well , is quick to load , moves along and has cute characters to choose from too . Other than Scrabble , I think I play this one more than any others . The best part is that there is no killing in this game !
 This game was purchased for my mother as a gift . She absolutely loves it ! It was shipped promptly and arrived in time for the event the gift was intended for . Great purchase experience .
 We have had this for over a month now and play it frequently.You can customize your avatar with different skin tones , gender , hair color and style , clothes and even whether or not to wear glasses.You can play solo or against others.There is a Road Trip where you play against two other random players in your choice of 3,5 or 7 cities.There is also a puzzle of the day.This is a good game for any age group.There is no Pat Sajak or Vanna White on here which is fine with me.The package states there are 2,000 different puzzles.Lots of different catagories such as food and drink , before and after , movies , TV shows , phrases , etc.This dowloaded on our Windows 7 with no problems.Bought this from Amazon for less than $ 8.00 , but I see the price has gone up .
 I like the game . No problems at all with my computer . You can play alone or with the computer . A bargain !
 Hey it works on XP and win7 . Game is fun and great for my wife who can do this game so fast . Thanks !
 I bought this game for my developmentally delayed daughter but find that I enjoy it as well as she does . It was at a very good price too !
 This new 2007 Deluxe version of Wheel of Fortune is identical to the downloadable versions now available on MSN and Yahoo Games . That is n't a bad thing , mind you ... its just the same . There 's no annoying video clips of Vanna White to slow you down , and it is extensive in the stat keeping department as well . Moves along fast , and the Puzzle a Day is a really nice bonus that is exclusive to this year 's version .
 I love this game because I can play it on my windows vista pc thay have n't made a lot of games you can play on windows vista so when I find one I buy it this is like the classic but better a lot better so if you have windows vista you can play this on it
 This is a great game . I love that you can win trophies and play in different cities . This game is well worth what I paid for it . I think if you like Wheel of Fortune , you will love this game .
 This is a must for anyone who enjoys playing along at home when watching Wheel Of Fortune on television . The graphics are great and there are many different playing options .
 this game is good overall , but it takes a ridiculously long time to play because the wheel spins for what seems like an exaggeratedly long time ... you do get to create your character and play 3 , 5 , or 7 city tours . also , you can play a puzzle of the day and earn trophies for your accomplishments ... really fun if you love wheel of fortune and have the patience to wait for the wheel : -RRB-
 Pretty much just like the tv show , so you know what you 're getting.You can play 1-3 human players , with computer players to round out the three spots as needed -LRB- so 1 person can play `` solo '' or against two computer oponents -RRB- The only flaw is that the computer is pretty dumb even on `` medium '' setting .
 I 'm probably one of the few people who love this game , but do n't watch it on TV . Fun features are the animated players and customizable appearance , road trip , and puzzle of the day . The animation is good , but I would like to see more options for the appearance . You can play alone or against the computer with group play . There 's an extensive achievements section that keeps tracks of high scores in all of the different game modes and your personal trophies . You can win up to 36 different trophies , starting with your very first finished game . This is a great game for anyone who enjoys solving word puzzles , whether you 're a game show fan , or not .
 MY DAUGHTER LOVES THIS GAME SHE SPENDS HOURS AND HOURS PLAYING IT EVERY DAY SHE IS A BIG WHEEL OF FORTUNE FAN SHE WATCHES IT EVERY NIGHT
 What fun ! My daughter-in-law loves the game . I purchased this as a gift for Christmas . I will order again in the future . Quick service and the order process was extremely easy . Thanks !
 This game is fun . No problem for me to install on windows xp.You can play solo , or in any combo of up to 3 humans and/or computer persons . If playing with 3 humans , the keyboard can get a little crowded tho , as both control keys and the spacebar are the `` buzzers '' . If you have played the earlier versions , this game is not slowed down by all the Vanna scenes . If you are a Vanna fan , note that she nor a host is present in this version . I 'm fine with it as the game moves faster.I 've been playing for a couple days and have never seen a duplicate puzzle .
 Does n't have Pat or Vanna or the theme song -LRB- I think ? -RRB- but still not a bad game , especially since you can have a few people play it at the same time .
 We love playing this as a family . I like that it makes you think . My son loves the characters that you choose for yourself . We have great fun with this!Mind you , the graphics are n't great -- the people kind of jerk around a little . But we are in it for the game .
 We do like this game very much . It 's been a great aid in helping my grandson with the alphabet . He gets into the game !!
 if you love wheel of fortune on tv , then you will LOVE this game . it is exactly as the real game show is , but more fun because YOU are playing every round LOL , even if you choose to play alone or with computer opponents . i highly recommend this game - lotsa fun !!!
 My daughter just loves this game and sits there for hours just playing game after game after game . Thanks for sending so quickly too !
 I have downloaded every game from this now . They are all good , of course some members of my family enjoy different ones the best , but they are all winners . The price is wonderful - less than $ 1.00 for each game . I highly recommend this for all families . Enjoy !
 I bougth a new computer and they were offering to let us pay to play this game . I decided to check the price on Amazon . I ordered the Price is Right and Will of Fortune through iNetvideo beacause thy offered one of the cheapest prices . I was really worried that it was going to takes two weeks after I read their shipment policy . I was really amazed when I received the games in 4 Days and they came from Canada . We have really enjoyed playing the games as a family .
 I LOVE THIS EDITION . . ITS GREAT IN MY BOOK . . JUST WISH IT HAD A LITTLE MORE SELECIONS IN THE CONTESTANTS . . BUT I LOVE THIS GAME VERSION FOR MY PC
 This is set up much like the TV version . It 's fun to play and the animation is great . It arrived quickly . I 'm glad I got it .
 This is an excellent game . Vanna and Pat are missing , but the game is stillvalid . I recommend it .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 79 YEAR OLD MOTHER AND SHE LOVES IT . I ALSO GOT HER THE SCRABBLE GAME TOO AND SHE LOVES THAT EVEN MORE !!
 This game is great - teaches spelling and good sportsmanship . A lot of fun -LRB- and fun to watch the `` player 's '' reactions when they get something right or wrong ! Great family game : -RRB-
 Not a high-tech game , a simple computer game alternative to solitaire and mahjong . Love the simple yet colorful graphics , sometimes the little ones will just sit quietly and watch . And my avatar is so accurate my grandson -LRB- almost 4 -RRB- recognized me the first time we played together . The puzzle of the day is cool too !
 I bought this product as a gift for someone . They said they really enjoyed it , and that it worked well with Vista on their PC .
 Yes this is the well known TV show game and the game is a lot of fun with different ways to play ! You will not be dissapointed !
 We have the WII game also , however the computer version is much harder . My children enjoy playing even if the money is not real .
 Bought this game to help my elderly mother-in-law become more comfortable with using a computer .
 I bought this game for our son and all of us enjoy it ! Great value !
 Love this game , but I would like know who the game creators surveyed . Some answers can be very broad and vague , while others are very specific . You wo n't know which type the question will accept until you get that dreaded X , but I still love this game .
 The game was everything we expected it to be . Great game ! Has already provideded hours of fun ! Great money value !
 I Love The Game The Models Are Great Excellent Puzzles And The Wheel Is Fun To Play For The Whole Family
 I liked the game right awy . There was nothing to figure out , just play . The rest of my family loes it too !
 This game has very good graphics and it runs great using Vista . It has alot of puzzles to solve . Good family fun .
 there is not alot to say really . if you watch the tv show and shout out the answers , this game is for you . one feature i really enjoy is the `` puzzle of the day '' . every day one new puzzle opens up for you to play alone . overall just a great game .
 Great graphics ! ton 's of fun with 2000 different puzzles . also a great value . Will bring hours of fun for all ages !
 They should have left all the other features . I love that you can create you own look for each person but I miss the backgrounds you were able to choose on the old version . This game is fun do n't get me wrong but it 's missing something and I think it needs more options , but Vanna being gone is a blessing she was so freakin irritating and slow . The old version was much slower this one is about right .
 My grandparents have a computer in their basement and they are getting close to the age of 90 . For the longest time the computer just went unused for any purpose other than when my mom would come over and help with my grandparents accounting business . Honestly their idea of using the computer was switching it on for my mom . I decided that they needed to actually try using this computer instead of the old green screen computer with actual giant floppy discs that they had been using since the 80s . I started the process by teaching them how to play solitaire on the computer . Old people love cards and that kind of helps them get used to how to use a mouse . After that my grandfather went out and purchased a bridge card game for the computer that they got pretty good at . After about a year of playing those two games my grandma asked me about wheel of fortune . I found some free game online but it was pretty poor quality . This christmas I decided that the game she was playing online was getting a little stale for her since it was just a one round wheel of fortune thing . I did a little research and read multiple reviews claiming that this one was the best version of the wheel of fortune for the PC . When I received it I installed it on their computer and taught them just how to open the program and I set up profiles for both my grandmother and grandfather . They say that they both play the game and love it . They say the play is a little slower pace than the online one that they were using before but that this was perfect for them . They even said that because it was three player they have been able to play it when friends come over and everybody has a good time with it . Beyond that I really believe programs like help my grandparents keep sharp in their old age . Moving the mouse on the screen helps with hand eye coordination and the fresh puzzles on the wheel of fortune help memory recall .
 I find the Encore version of the game very satisfying . Easy to install on Vista and my new laptop with Windows 7 . So many choices to create your avatar , and modes of playing the game . The program keeps scores of your achievements and trophies.I love to play alone or against the other avatars the game comes with . BTW in choosing your competitors you may specify how easy or difficult they are as challengers.This game is worth every penny and soo entertaining if you have a competitive personality.I enjoy the game even though I find the TV version w/Vanna White -LRB- ? -RRB- puerile and boring . I have never seen a complete episode!I recommend this game for most people , although the type of challenge is less about general knowledge and more about having a simple mindset . Categories are quite infantile : Before and after , Food , Phrase , Profession , Lyrics , Movie Titles , etc.You do n't have to be a genius to enjoy this game , just astute enough to recognize patterns.However , given the questions IMO it will only be fun for American English speakers because there is so much slang involved .
 This is a great version of the real game . It 's kept me busy for hours ! It 's also working well with Windows Vista .
 I remember when I was a kid and was all into pokemon . This game showed me how to play the original trading card game -LRB- better than those manuals you got from the complete decks from wal-mart ! -RRB- . I played up till the 4th generation of pokemon video games but stoped playing the card game at the start of the 3rd generation . Im not really getting back into pokemon but the thousands of cards I have sitting in boxes still have value ! If your an old fan of pokemon trading cards and is just sitting around with nothing to do then consider this game a token of memorabilia . Its like playing the chess and black jack games your computer came with . Not thrilling but gives you somthing to do with somthing you once enjoyed ! -LRB- Problem is , I played this game over ten years ago . If I buy another copy I 'll have to play it on my ten year old laptop with XP ! -RRB-
 Ga Ga Goo Goo , this game 's for you ! Perhaps the game 's most significant feature is the method in which you are allowed to move around in the world . You can jump/double jump , roll forwards , sideways , and backwards , perform multiple combination attacks , and utilize both ranged weapons -LRB- bow -RRB- and magical attacks to dispense your enemies ! Oddly enough , the manual never mentions the rolling techniques -LRB- neither does the tutorial -RRB- , but they really add a valuable dimension to evading enemies ' attacks . Just hold the right shoulder button and move in a direction and off you go ! You can also make a quick dash by moving first and then clicking the right shoulder button , but the rolls are much more effective . The graphics are good , but not great , and there are some slight clipping issues , but nothing that significantly detracts from the player 's experience -LRB- Final Fantasy III is the new graphical standard for DS games , in my opinion -RRB- . If you loved the books -LRB- like I did -RRB- , you 'll be glad to know that at least for the first 20-25 % of the game -LRB- I 'm about 3-4 hours in -RRB- the game does a pretty good job of following the book.My only complaint is that the RPG aspects are very light . It would have been so easy to add better swords/weapons , armor , rings , etc. , enhancing the player 's stats or giving other powers , but alas the developers decided against that path . My guess is that they did so in the interest of following the storyline , but the lack of RPG elements is definitely a low point of the game . All in all , it 's a great addition to any kid 's DS collection.Happy gaming !
 These reviews does n't really give you the feeling of this game , Eragon . While there are turn-based 3D RPG , there are also action-combat 2D RPGs such as Children of Mana . Eragon combined those two styles to create a real time action filled combat , 3D RPG that I 've been longing for . Amaze went for this , and created a game on the DS that could be called a DS Oblivion.This game 's not that structured , so you can move around huge fields that takes minutes to cross . Most of the DS RPGs have little tiny maps , but Eragon is totally different . It will give you the feeling of Conquer Online , or so . The graphics are good , I should say , but not great ... The background seems to be the graphics of Runescape . The game does look like it follows the best-selling book Eragon , at least the first few hours . The only thing is that Eragon is hunting and doing things solo , or himself.As many of you know , Eragon starts off by finding a dragon egg . He travels across land , simply starting with these little sword attacks . But as more enemies you kill off , you can learn these more complicated combo attacks . You can even use long range attacks , such as a bow or magic . I do n't think many DS RPGs have bows as weapons . Since it 's not turn based combat , you can dodge attacks , get behind the enemy and attack , and other moves that will kill the enemy without damaging yourself that much . In turn-based combat , you ca n't do that , can you ? The only thing about the monsters that I did n't like was they do a LOT of damage to Eragon , but since when were Urgals and Kulls weak ? They can be seen before they can reach Eragon , so you can use bows to weaken them.Each map has an objective goal . There are even mini games to make your magic stronger . The music and the sound effects are great . The combat is rare , and it is fantastic . The graphics are so-so . The storyline could be called great according to the book . I 'll give it a 4 stars!The Good : The new action filled combat on a DS ; Big wide maps ; Great sound effects and music ; 3D graphics , so-so ; A lot of moves and attacks ; Game time is lengthy.The Bad : Bad graphics sometimes ; Monsters are too strong and too many sometimes ; The mini-map keeps disappearing after dialogues or spell cast , have to press map again and again , very annoying ; Bow shooting difficult .
 This was a very entertaining title . I completely beat the game within about a week after purchasing it . It is lots of fun however I do wish it was a bit longer , in parts it seemed almost rushed . The graphics are very impressive and the controls are easy to learn . This game is definately worth playing .
 This game is really fun but there are some downsides to it too ! The magic is really annoying so be prepared . The fighting is kind of wierd but you get used to it . If you ever played The two towers for gameboy or return of the king its kind of like that . I reccomend that you should get this but be ready to get frustrated !
 So far this game has been really fun and challenging , I ca n't wait to get all the way though it . I bought it for my 10 year old and I love it too.Great Game !
 This is a fun game . The graphics are really good for nintendo ds . It is a little bit hard but it is still a fun game .
 This game is great for younger children and early teens . My daughter loves to play it and she recommends to other children .
 my son loved this game for Nintendo DS . It 's an older game but it arrived in good condition . Thank you .
 I think Eragon is a really cool game and I recomend it . I also think Christoper Paolini put a lot of thought into it.So BUY ERAGON !!
 According to my 10-year old son
 I bought this for my grand child , 8 after she saw the PS2 game that her uncle has . She really likes it and I have n't heard the usual complaint of `` this is too hard ! '' I really liked the price . I do n't understand why these games usually cost sooo much .
 This game was a gift to a young person in a different part of the country . I do n't know how to answer your questions about the game . s
 This game was purchased for my son for x-mas and has played with it everyday since receiving it . the theme of the game is cool and allows interaction with characters in park .
 The girls and I love this game ! It 's tasks are n't to difficult to achieve but still brings a challenge . I have played this on the wii -LRB- which I usually prefer over xbox -RRB- and this game is not as much fun on the wii . The xbox version is much more user friendly and the music for the game is age appropriate .
 This game is so much fun ! you can choose , and custamize your charector , dress them up , run the park , talk to people , play mini games , put in new coasters , rides , and food stalls ! Thres also missions you can do to get to the next park ! It 's the best . It also has very fun music !
 My 8 year old loves this Christmas present . I would suggest it for your well balanced fun love adventure seaking child .
 Our entire family has enjoyed this game . You get to make rides , create games , matchmake , talk to your park patrons , challege others to games , and move from park to park .
 it was a quick delivery , and my grandson has spent many hours playing it , thank you for the wonderful service
 I originally bought this title for myself having played a lot of Roller Coaster Tycoon myself and wanting to make some more crazy coasters and parks in a highly detailed 3d environment . Problem
 Thrillville . In this game you take over management of a series of Theme Parks . Find out what 's going wrong leading less people to spend their hard earned money at the Park . Hire & Train personel to Clean the Park , Fix the rides that break down , & Entertain the Guests . That means you train them up by cleaning the vomit & cans on the walkways . You Build electrical circuits to fix rides . You wear your little thumbs out by moving the pad in a certain direction & hitting the correct button on the beat , -LRB- Like those Dancing Arcade Games -RRB- to Cheerlead & entertain the Guests.Even though this title was made by the same company , do n't Expect this to be a Console version of RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 . It is n't . The area that you work in is much smaller than RCT3.Thrillvile has 20 mini-games from clones of some great arcade classics . -LRB- 1941 , Gauntlet , R-Type to name a few . -RRB- Make friends with the guests in the park , give them intersting trivia to build that friendship up . Maybe into a Romantic friendship.Play the Matchmaker in hooking up a few guests with each other .
 It 's COOL because you get to choose where you want to put your rides , go on rides , race others , talk to customers , it is sort of like real life .
 my son loves Thrillville . The only complaint is he was n't able to play it on the xbox 360 .
 ThrillVille is a very fun game . You can build rides play games and play your friends . You can play mini-games and play games against your friends in the mini-games . The graphics are great and the mini-games , rides , and the people are great . It is cool to be the manger of the place . You do n't have to wait in line for the mini-games .
 I ordered this as a gift . It was exactly as ordered at a great price . My order arrived on time and in good condition . Would recommend this seller to anyone .
 This game is fun for all ages . Build your own amusement park , complete with rollercoasters , and other rides , then let your own character ride the rides you made yourself . Race your friends in go-carts , or just cruise your park and watch others ride your own ride you made yourself . Some people get sick coming off your roller coaster!This game has other games to play besides making a park . You can be a cheerleader , play carnival games , and ride the bumper cars . My kids enjoy playing this over and over . Your amusement park can be saved for another day when you want to play again . Can be played by four people at a time . Jump on the trampoline with your buddies and see who can do the most tricks . Very entertaining , would recommend this for kids of all ages .
 this game is great . it has an surprizeing story line . over 100 characters to be . 5 main characters for story . cool characters . change what your main character looks like such as hair , clothing , tattoos , and plastic surgery . so many options to chose what to do to your enemy . such as interrorgate , kill , recrut and more . create your own battles . sweat cutscenes . cool wepons such as katinas , shotguns ,9 mm , glass , steel beam , and tons more . your story could go good or bad . the differant ranks you have the different your story could go such as meating old friends and betraying old and new friends . and yes i know i ca n't spell . in the end just get this game and see for your self .
 Legend of Kay is a really sweet game . As a cat -LRB- and cats are awesome -RRB- you play as a sort of ninja . There also rabbits , frogs and pandas , and a fox which are all `` good guys . '' As enemies you face Rats -LRB- with and without armour , some throwing bombs -RRB- , Gorillas -LRB- with and without armour , they have swords , hammer-like weapons , and a double sword -RRB- , Crocodiles -LRB- with/without armour , they use blades which can also be thrown as a boomerang -RRB- , Turtles -LRB- they use sais -RRB- , Bears -LRB- with/without armour -RRB- , bugs , hornets , bats , spiders , man-eating plants , fish , stone guards , crabs , seagulls.There are 13 places in the game where you have to fight a boss.Boarax , a boar -LRB- you fight him twice -RRB- Armoured Bear -LRB- more of a mini boss -RRB- Tor Chi , the Dragon -LRB- you fight him three times , he is more of a mini boss -RRB- Jia-Gu the Giant TurtleQian Bei the Ancestor -LRB- a stone tiger -RRB- The Dreaded Chei Ni -LRB- a lochness type sea creature -RRB- Tak , the King of RatsShun , the Empereror of the GorillasMutant ShunMutant GorillaYou have three weapons ; a samurai sword , claws -LRB- that remind me of wolverine 's from X-men -RRB- , and a huge hammer . The claws are fastest , but weakest . The hammer is the strongest , but slowest . The sword is somewhere in the middle , and is my favorite weapon . The claws are also cool because you can use them while swimming . The sword can be used for a really strong magic attack , and the hammer can be used to break holes in the floor to access secret passages.At the biggining in the game -LRB- the first level -RRB- Kay 's master , a fox , teachers most of Kay 's moves which once learned , can be used with all three weapons . There are one or two moves that Kay can do that the master does not teach . There is also a move where you can roll around unsuspecting enemies , but there is never an oportunity in the gmae to actually sneak up on enemie , so that move is not really used.Kay can hold a maximum of 5 items . These can be
 Legend of Kay is a nice martial arts adventures . It reminds me of the Zelda games from Nintendo . On the Playstation 2 you wont find any better games of this genre.The graphics are not the best of the PS2 but they look so sweet . Everything is designed very carefully.The soundtrack is orchestral and sounds asian . The atmosphere is great and only the voice acting is bad.The animations are really cool and the gameplay is awesome.This game is also good for kids .
 He 's a cool little fighting game for the PS2 from the folks at Capcom !!! This one involves a cat named Kay with awesome fighting skills , he must battle the other animals that get his way !!! The violence is on the tame side so younger folks can enjoy it too !!! -LRB- it 's rated E 10 + , Everyone 10 and older -RRB- The gameplay and graphics are top notch !!! Capcom has always made some neat games , and this one is no exception !!! So if you 're a fan of fighting games , or just great games in general than Legend Of Kay might just be up your `` alley '' -LRB- get the joke , Kay is a cat -RRB- !!! Me and my nephews enjoy playing this awesome game !!! Two thumbs up !!! Five stars !!! A +
 Okay , the overall concept of the game had me wanting to add it to my PS2 collection long ago , and I just got it recently . This game is very cute , and it came out before Kung Fu Panda , so basically its the same concept , but the main character is a cat instead of a panda of course.Speaking of the cat , Kay has an attitude that doesnt quit . I think they should have had someone older do the voice for him though , the voice does n't fit his appearance ... in other words , his voice should be a little more ... well , manly . Of course , I have n't played the game all the way through yet , so I dont know if his voice changes or not ... oh well.This game is still very fun , despite the Wild Boar riding sequences , they get a bit annoying . I recommend this game to anyone that loves adventure games , like me . : -RRB-
 My child really enjoys the graphics and interaction available with this game . It is both challenging and entertaining and appropriate for school aged children and above .
 if you like fighting games you will love this game and if you hate fighting games you will like it anyway.you are a cat -LRB- I love cats -RRB- named kay and you fight rats and other animals its a great game here are the pros and consPROS1 you can have cool armer2 your a cat3 the wepons are cool4 the music is great5 the graphics are sweet6 the voices are great7 the controls are so coolCONS1 the enemys that fly get annoying2 enemys have armer and get annoying.I see reviews that say kays voice gets annoying and after a couple of days playing the game it does .
 I love it , you can be a ninja in the game and have a sword .
 Bought this cable link a long time ago for my Kids , very funny and they loved it , played a lot of times , it was definitely worth it .
 Thrillville is fun game , filled with fun mini games and easy to build modes make this game a fun experence , this game is one of the most entertaining PSP games for the '06 holidays . overall with good graphics , fun mini games , and exciting rides complete with strategic aspects of a park manager make this one fun game .
 If you like building rollercoaster 's or like simulator games than this game is for you . Thrillville is a game were you build your own theme park and can buy games and rides for your park , or even design your own ! You can interact with your customers and see what they think about your park . And if you really like rollercoaster 's you can even ride them ! The graphics are pretty good and the music is n't actually annoying . To tell you the truth the music is actually played as it would be on an actual radio station which changes as you change parks . This game is really great and i would recommend it for anyone .
 Looking for a great game that you can just pick up and go , then Thrillville is the game for you.In Thrillville you are taking over park operations for your uncle while he is recouperating . Whats great about Thrillville is that when you first turn it on you are thrown right into the action . Thrillville is based on missions rather than reform park building -LRB- you have to place certain rides and concessions in predetermined areas . -RRB- Other than that it is great . You can build your own rides and then ride them , there are mini games that you have to play to earn money and earn respect from your park patrons . Another great aspect is the interaction with guest , all the way down to flirting with them , then becomeing them and then flirting with others.Overall if you are looking for a great rollercoaster sim game on a handheld -LRB- the only one -RRB- then this is definitely for you . Some of the aspects of RCT3 and many orginal ones are all packed into this great PSP game .
 I brought Thrillville Off The Rails for the ds . I thought it was alright . So i decided to buy this one for psp . I like it so much better than the one for the ds . Even though its not touchscreen , i feel like there 's so much more that can be done .
 This game has so much to do , it 's unreal . Yet everything is so real , you manage the park in every way including advertising , marketing , and research . It teaches people how to handle money better I think .
 I was always a big fan of theme park games . I loved the idea of being able to do so . When I bought my PSP , I was lookin for games that I would have fun playing , and that would kill some time as well . I came across this game , and I 'll admit , I was a bit skeptical at first . But this game did n't disappoint me . Not only can I create my own park , but I can play games , ride the rides , and interact with the customers ! This game is hours of fun , and I enjoy it everytime I turn it on . Definitely a great game to have , if you like havin fun while killin some time !
 i did like this game a whole lot , because out of all the other rollercoaster and themepark designing games this one gave you freedom , and creativity . although the graphics were shaky , the overall fun was good .
 This is a pretty good game . If you are in the mood to smack around people . This game was fun i liked it hey , i 'd buy it for 2 bucks .
 This is like millions of other fighting games -LRB- Def Jam Fight for NY , etc -RRB- on the market , with a few slight variations in the story line.Pick from 1 of 5 characters.Long story short
 This guy is Unique.It works BOTH as a pad and as a stick.Leave them plugged together and you have stick with trigger , 6 buttons , D-pad and smooooth slider throttle . Oh , and the 2 joypad triggers on the side too . Nicely sculptured comfort to the stick . Left-hand controls for the 6 buttons and D-pad . These you can reconfigure with Saitek 's downloadable programming software.Pull out the pad and you have a regular 2-trigger , 6-button + D-pad pad . A bit angular in its Starwars shape , it sits well in bigger hands.What happened in the guts when you pulled out the pad ? It told the PC that the stick signed out and the pad signed in , and a second later you 're ready to go . From then on the stick is an orphan
 After years of using keyboard and mouse for games I picked this joystick/pad combination . It 's easy to install in Windows XP - plug it into your USB port and it autodetects and installs , then seperate the two halves and it will install a second time as just the pad . Response is fairly good , and you 've got two buttons ont he stick , six on the base , along with a throttle sliders , and you can use the pad 's directional controller as a 8 way hat switch . The only thing is really lacks is ` twist ' controller on the joystick . All in all I 'm happy with it , and it 's a great deal for the low price .
 The Ghouls N ' Gobblins series is designed to use the major video game movements to work with your brain . It is one of the best examples ever of how the patterns from Video Games subconsciously allow you to move your brain from the frontal lobes where it is more repetititive and unable to focus to parts of the brain where you can focus , take action and achieve better results . It is consistantly shown that video games most notably the old Japanese ones like GNG change the brain in this way better than almost anything else . You 'd probably have to use a very expensive virtual reality simulator that is almost not available to the public to get better results because something like reading will not achieve this level of effect and I understand it lasts for over 2 years after stop playing the games . So this is not only a lot of fun if you do n't complain about how it is so hard and rated the hardest video game of all time on the internet but at maybe 1/2 an hour to an hour a day one of the great series for using video games to get the mind that will allow you to focus and gain results in what it takes to have a better life . And it shows that fun cartoony graphics that are n't in your face impressive can come attached to a great game and side-scroller that for me has huge replay value once I start to get into it . Just limit how long you play video games or for that matter Twit or whatever else or you will turn into a pillar of salt ! Have fun improving the mind as you will find you will if you research this on the internet .
 These are the games you probably remember playing either in the arcades or at home , especially 1942-43 , SFII , and the G&G series ... each title is very well done , and more-or-less true to the arcade originals . Being a sucker for these compilations , I could n't resist anyway , but you get a LOT of playability for the surprisingly low price you pay ... it could keep you busy for weeks on end ! : - -RRB-
 First off , I Think this collection should have been named `` Capcom 's best Shooter '' and then drop like 9 games . This collection leans on Space Shooters very heavy . Enjoyable Collection tho . I bought this collection because of the Ghost n Goblins collection on it , but there are other gems on here.One Such gem to me was the game `` Exed Exes '' Which is a Space Shooter based on bees and insects . Wild backgrounds too . If you love odd shooters then this one is for you!Another Killer game is `` Final Fight '' . Classic Action Game all the way.The only problem which other reviews already talk of is the loading screens on the Street Fighter 2 screens . It would seem they ported these from the Snes/sega systems.Other issues I had was the lack of bonus stuff . I exspected more than that from capcom . The lack of Mega Man also very Odd.However What you get here is still a very good collection . Shoot Them up !
 Arcade perfect ports of Mercs , Final Fight , Forgotten World , Ghouls & Ghosts , Bionic Commando , Street fighter 2 & many more . I would 've paid over $ 20 just for an arcade perfect port of Final Fight or Mercs . We finally have it & it will cost us less then $ 1 . Many great games on this collection . 22 games from Capcom , just wow!This is the second best collection in the market today , only bested by Taito Legends . Do n't waste your money on the Midway or Namco collections . If you want to get a real great collection , then get this Capcom Classics collection or my favorite the Taito Legends collection . You will get over 50 games between these 2 collection & most of these games are great , not like some of the other collections I can name .
 Forgotten Wolrds , Mercs , Final Fight and the Street Fighter games ARE THE INSANEST , TWISTED , CRAZIEST , COOOLEST , HIGH BUDGET ACTION-PACKED and NON-STOP FUN games of the collection !! This is OLD SCHOOL AT HIS BEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Capcom is REALLY INSANE !!!!!!!!!!! Games like Ghost n ' Goblins trilogy , 1943 KAI and Bionic Commando are pure action and non-stop fun but not CRAZY and HIGH BUDGET as the games I said before.Games like 1942 , 1943 , Commando , Gun.Smoke , Legendary Wings and Section Z are low budget games and not SOOO fun but is ACTION at his best!The rest are cheesy games ! ... Sorry.Midway Collection 2 is also a NON-STOP FUN collection , so you can also add it to your collection of CRAZY GAMES , do n't forget video games like Total Carnage , Rampage 2 , Narc and Primal Rage . If you like crazy games then HURRY UP AND BUY THESE COLLECTIONS !!!! P.S
 This game is truly a very good and classical games . It 's all about remembering the past . Like Final Fight , Street Fighter II series and Ghost 'n Goblins series . I like Street Fighter II series . This is of course , billiant game in the past . For the Ghost 'n Goblins series , I only like the Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts , because this game remembers the most . However , other games are good and it is still a good recommendation .
 Great game . i absolutely love it . . all the games from when i was a kid . . and not a bad deal for $ 20 either ... get it ...
 This is an awesome collection of games . All together this ` game ' or collection is perhaps the best game for current generation consoles IMO . Go ahead and laugh ! This is because most modern games are not fun and lack gameplay . The only awesome game I 've played from current generation consoles is Ninja Gaiden.These are REAL games from the GOLDEN ERA of ARCADE . IMO some of these old games should be made modern ! Imagine Forgotten Worlds in full intense 3-D spectular mayhem fashion on Xbox 360 and PS3 . However 3-D can really kill games , this is evident in many remakes such as Castlevania LOI . IMO current generation consoles are not all that and playing 3-D games on a single TV screen just is n't all that . Im waiting for hologram consoles.Looking at the preview screen shots gave me the impression that some games are console version from NES , SNES , etc. . . However Im glad to report that the games are arcade versions . Each game looks wonderful and comes with history info , unlockable art , tips , cast , and music . You can adjust the screen , difficulty , etc. ... These games really test your reflexes.Here are the arcade machines :1942 , 1943 , and 1943 Kai . A vertical shooter . You shoot up Japanese WW2 planes , ships , etc. . . Great game -LRB- s -RRB- . Bionic Commando
 Many collections of `` classic '' games seem to include only a couple of genuine classics and a whole load of `` filler '' -LRB- the first Midway Arcade Treasures collection being a notable exception -RRB- . But this is a genuine classics collection , with many great games , quite a few of which still hold up today , and at a bargain price . As far as i can tell , all are exact recreations of the arcade originals . The early Street Fighter games which touched off the fighting game craze -LRB- and one of the ones that still holds up well today -RRB- are here , along with the influential Final Fight brawler -LRB- which was cloned by Sega as Streets of Rage , albeit without the signature giant character sprites -RRB- . The arcade Ghosts and Goblins is here , along with its sequel and the excellent SNES blend of the two . I was particularly happy to see Forgotten Worlds . This 2-player shooter was stunning in its time , and the original version featured a joystick to move and a knob to aim , allowing independent control of movement and targeting . While various home versions have appeared over the years , the dual joystick control of this version comes the closest to capturing the feel of the arcade controls.What I 'd forgotten was how insanely difficult some of these games were . I ca n't believe that I was once good enough that I felt like a quarter a play was a good deal . Modern games are designed to pamper the gamer ; these monsters were designed to separate him from his money as rapidly as he would tolerate . If you never could afford to see the last levels of some of your favorite games , this is your chance.I suspect that the low-resolution graphics and stilted animation will look hopelessly dated to younger gamers . Still , the imagination and creativity of the artists shines through , and many of them remain hard to put down.There are still some notable omissions , making me hope that Capcom has a sequel or two in mind , perhaps including such games as SideArms , Black Tiger , Strider and its sequels , Final Fight Revenge , GigaWing , Magic Sword , Saturday Night Slam Masters , and Street Fighter 1 .
 First off the main reason I was excited about this release is for $ 20 you get three of the greatest games from the past ever well ok one game 2 upgrades of course I am talking about Street Fighter 2 , Champion and Hyper edditions I spent so many quarters and money on these games growing up at the local 7-11 or party store . I was going to by the Street Fighter Aniversary but kept putting it off because it mixed all three together here you get all three separate from one another in all their glory . Also Ghosts N Goblins , Ghouls N Ghosts great Final Fight and many more well worth the money I must also thank Capcom for this disc I love it .
 A retro-loving gamer 's dream come true , Capcom Classic Collection features 22 favorites from the legendary game company , and what a Capcom compilation be without a few Street Fighter games ? This collection 's biggest flaw is that the SF games here -LRB- Street Fighter 2 , SF 2
 When I first saw this copilation of these games was at this arcade near my house , and I was there almost everyday playin games such as Street Fighter II and 1942 . When this game came out on PS2 , I bought it right then and there . I remember playing some of these games as a kid , and one thing I 've noticed is that they did n't change anything -LRB- thats a good thing -RRB- . They have all 3 released arcade versions of Street Fighter II , which took me a while to get the hang of , but I still know all the combos . Ghouls & Ghosts , Ghosts & Ghoblins and Super Ghouls and Ghosts are others that I play also -LRB- will take some time though -RRB- . Son Son is a game that you have to get the hang of if it 's your first time playing . I 'd say the only game I did n't like Bionic Commando , probably because it was my first time seeing that game like many others on this . Recommended for those who used to be in the arcades playing games that fun and exciting back in the late 80 's early 90 's . Stand out games
 What a fun collection . Great arcade versions of some neat games . Forgot how much fun these are . Good presentation too with facts about the games . Liked this one so much Ive ordered the second volume even though its more obscure . PS2 rules .
 I have a 7 year old and two 4 year olds . This collection of games keeps them occupied for a while and even my four yr old understands how to play . winner
 Very fun very addictive . Old skool gaming at its finest . I expecially love all the `` 1942 '' games and all the `` ghouls n ghosts '' games - Not to mention the 3 `` street fighter '' games . Many many more great games in this package . I highly recommend this product !
 I was extremely excited to hear that this compilation was coming out for the PS2 , as I remember when most of these games were new and was financially unable to purchase their home versions at the time . The two standout games for me on this disc are Forgotten Worlds and 1943 , the latter of which remains one of the greatest top-down shooters of all time . Final Fight , while good , wears thin after a while , but the two-player option is great and the only way it should be played , in my opinion . Games like the Ghosts 'n Goblins series are just as curse-inducing and challenging as ever , and the Street Fighter games hold up well also , if you do n't mind a bit of load time and controls that are slightly inferior to their incarnations on the SNES.This disc is great fun and well-worth the twenty dollars you will spend . I 'm hoping that Capcom will release the second volume soon , and that classics such as Strider , UN Squadron , -LRB- crossed fingers -RRB- Aliens vs. Predator , and the D&D ; games will be included . The disc takes me back to the simpler days of my youth , and for that , I am grateful to Capcom for this compilation . Please make more like this soon !
 One Word CLASSIC !!! This definitely took me on a trip down Memory Lane . I enjoyed most of these games as a kid , and I must say , most of them are still enjoyable just as I remember . Street fighter 2 hyper fighting and Final Fight were 2 of my favorite games growing up . I highly recommend this , especially for the street fighter fans . This is definitely a treat you dont want to miss .
 Capcom Classics Collection is Capcom 's first collection of games from its history for the Playstation 2 . This collection includes the following games
 I just bought both volumes of capcom classics and one of them has the original street fighter game that I have been searching for and trying to get my hands on for years ... alot of these games bring back memories ... final fight was a game that I used to spend at least 25 $ and more to beat at the local arcade and mom and pops stores ... these two volumes are a must have for the most hard of hardcore video game fanatics ... and for those who want to experience the classic arcade capcom nostalgia ...
 I will put this as basic and to the point as possible ... if you are looking for fun in the simplest way , this is the game to go for !!! It has all the fun arcade games that we in our 30 's grew up on , and ... wasted our entire allowance for the week by pumping quarter after quarter into these machines . Now ... you do n't have to do that anymore !!! I wish they would add `` Kicker '' or , `` Shaolin Road '' to one of the compilation disks . The game is great , but ... there tends to be some load time , but ... it is worth it . Highly recommend it for any die hard gamer that remembers the glory days !!! I also purchased the Midway Treasures series ... look those up as well .
 For those who were old enough in the 1980s and early 1990s to go to the arcades and play these , Capcom has put together an excellent collection . It 's nice that they threw a lot of their actual classics together , as opposed to some sets you will see on Amazon ... legendary wings , street fighter in its variations , commando , gunsmoke , the ghosts n goblins series , the 1942/1943 series , etc. all combined in this set . Some games I never heard of -LRB- I was never a hard-core kid -RRB- but are actually fun and stack up well . The mid-80s title Son Son is strangely addictive . The extras are allright , history and artwork and so on , but the games are probably what you are going to enjoy . You can change the difficulty -LRB- some -RRB- , and also get remixed music or the original . This is one to get !
 In the second volume there are a lot of games that are alike but in this one there are all different sorts and variety . My favorites in this game are Mercs , Street Fighter 2 Hyper Fighting , 1942 , all of the ghosts n ghouls , and there is a couple others but I ca n't think of them off the back of my head . But some cheap games on here like , Pirate ship Higemaru , Commando , Bionic Commando and 1943 kai I have never even heard about in the arcades . this does have o.k. graphics , but they are n't as good as the second one . I would pay $ 15 for this game . If you are looking for other games like this look for my reviews on , Taito Legends 1 , Capcom vol . 2 , Midway arcade treasures 1-3 , Intellivision Lives , and Atari Anthology . Coming soon to my review list , Taito Legends 2 , Namco museum , and sega genesis and/or sega classics collection .
 What a great game for the Sony Playstaion 2 !!! 22 absolute classic Capcom arcade hits from yesteryear !!! Includes such time tested classics as 1942/3 , Ghosts and Goblins series , Son Son , Trojan , Exed Exes , Gun.Smoke , and many more !!! A great deal for the $ $ $ !!! Oodles of fun , there 's something for everyone in this great compilation of classic Capcom arcade titles !!! Roll on the memories !!! No quarters reqired !!! Two thumbs up !!! Way up !!! Five stars !!! A +
 If you played a lot of Ghosts & Goblins in the mid to late '80s , this is the game for you . Also has Street Fighter and lots of others . Very fun , exactly like the originals , just no more quarters to pump into the slots.Brings me back ...
 Ever since I sold my Super Nintendo I have been looking for a re-release of the Street Fighter games I used to own . This collection has them all plus Final Fight and 19 other arcade games . HOURS OF ENTERTAINMENT FOR ONLY $ 20 !
 + Pros : + 22 games for less than 50 cents apiece + Saveable options including difficulty settings , button configurations & rapid fire option + Bonus items for each game including tips , game history , artwork , etc. + Works on Playstation 2 and Playstation 3 game systems - Cons : - No high-resolution or widescreen options available - No savable in-game progress like theSonic Collection - Most of the games look like caveman drawings to gamers born after 1992 . I love old school coin-op video games . I remember playing almost all of these games in my local video arcade for 25 cents a pop . They were addicting , they were challenging , but most of all , they were FUN.Special moves in fighting games were n't very common back then , and the internet was n't going to arrive for about a decade . Anyone who figured out the `` SHORYU-KEN ! '' move in Street Fighter II and could perform it repeatedly was held in the highest regard.Whenever I need to take a break from 7th generation 1080p console gaming and regress back to the age of using my lawn-mowing allowance money to play video games , this is a great collection to do it with.Here 's a complete games list and the playing options available :1942 - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- 1943 - option for 2 players -LRB- cooperative -RRB- ** 1943 KAI - option for 2 players -LRB- cooperative -RRB- Bionic Commando - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- Commando - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- Exed Exes - option for 2 players -LRB- cooperative -RRB- Final Fight - option for 2 players -LRB- cooperative -RRB- Forgotten Worlds - option for 2 players -LRB- cooperative -RRB- Ghosts & Goblins - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- Ghouls & Ghosts - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- Gun.smoke - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- Legendary Wings - option for 2 players -LRB- cooperative -RRB- Mercs - option for 3 players -LRB- cooperative -RRB- ** Pirate Ship Higemaru - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- Section Z - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- Son Son - option for 2 players -LRB- cooperative -RRB- Street Fighter II - option for 2 players -LRB- VS -RRB- Street Fighter II Champion Edition - option for 2 players -LRB- VS -RRB- Street Fighter II Hyper Fighting - option for 2 players -LRB- VS -RRB- Super Ghouls & Ghosts - 1 playerTrojan - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- Vulgus - option for 2 players -LRB- alternating -RRB- ** The first time these games have been released in North America.As you can see , there are 8 games on this disc that allow cooperative play , and the one that steals the limelight is MERCS - it allows three players at once using a multi-tap for the Playstation 2 , or three standard controllers on a Playstation 3 . GRAPHICS
 After I placed the order , it was shipped out to me in 2 business days.It was in mint condition.You could not tell it was used.If you are looking for a game that takes you back to the days of pumping quarters into arcade games then , I would highly recommend ordering this game for the Ps2.When I popped this disc in , I felt like I was back in my youth.All the games on the disc was ones I always played in Arcades -LRB- which I think there are no more around -RRB- . One good thing , I do not have to worry about spending any quarters now and I can play it day in and day out.It is very well worth the money : -RRB-
 Love these retro collections . Liked the Genesis games , but they always crashed . Now I can play them again on my PS2 !
 It 's good enough for me to order volume 2 after having this for a few months . It 's the arcade versions of some good oldies . So if u want some good old games to kick around with your friends in 2 player mode and having endless continues to win every time , you are in the right place . To be fair , about half of the games i do n't play at all , and were boring the one time i did play them . However , the other half ... worth the money easily .
 got this game for my husband and we received it today and he loves it he missed these games and he just loves it it arrived super fast and i would get this game if you love these games
 This is a cool little collection of old school video games . Before I bought this game I was just looking to buy one of the Street fighter II games . When I saw this one available it had more than one version of Street fighter II and came with numerous other old school games ! Really brought me back to my childhood and I have enjoyed it immensely .
 ok Capcom Classics Collection comes with 22 arcade classic games which include :194219431943 kaibionic commandocommandoexed exesfinal fightforgotten worldsghosts n goblinsghouls n ghostsgun smokelegendary wingsmercspirate ship higemarusection zson sonstreet fighter 2street fighter 2 champion editionstreet fighter 2 hyper fightingsuper ghouls n ghoststrojanvulgusi originally got this game because it had co op features and street fighter most of these games i never even heard this was a very fun colection of games , you can customize how easy , how many lives , and even unlock bonus features like art music tips and info on the characters this collection of classics was much better than namcos museum 50th anniversary which i also own .
 Super ghouls and ghosts is one of the best games ever , very addictive but also very difficult .
 Forget all those silly Hi Tech games . Nothing beats going back in time and reliving your childhood than playing all the old videos . The best part is that you do n't have to press all those buttons and learn a slew of combinations . Also , the game comes to you and you do n't have to go on a looonngg journey and find every little thing hidden behind every little thing . I Love it ...
 Capcom Classics Collection had some old favorites & some games I have never played but took a liking to . Some on here I really did n't care for . The main selling point was Street Fighter II Street Fighter II Champion Edition & SF Hyper fighting ca n't say anything about them that have already been said so it 's a solid fighting game . Final Fight again not much to say just a good beat em up . Then there 's Mercs never played it but it 's a solid shooter . It 's your basic overhead shooter it is very short shorter than Strider 2 . Forgotten Worlds it is n't as good as the Genesis version . All games are pretty much Arcade perfect . There is a Capcom Classics Collection volume 2 I might check that 1 out as well there needs to to be a 3rd volume cause Capcom has a ton & I mean a ton of great Arcade games . Your insane if you do n't buy this I mean Street Fighter II Forgotten Worlds Final Fight Mercs . Go get you a arcade stick & this game in & play this you will love it .
 First off , if you 're reading this , go download the PC demo and form your own opinion . With that said here is what I thought of the game.Upon hearing about this game I was obviously intrigued so I downloaded the afformentioned demo . I was expecting a really cut and paste RPG with a silly puzzle element to it , but lo and behold I was blown away by the additional depth they put in to this game . It 's still no Morrowind or anything but it was n't just wander around , fight , wander around , fight ... You can build up your fortress kind of like you can in Heros of Might and Magic which enable certain features like being able to capture and train mounts , research spells , and other features which I will leave to surprise for you . There 's plenty of equipment to find and utilize which I did n't really understand how it was going to play in to a puzzle battle but trust me it does and it works well . Upon leveling up you choose where your stats go which will affect the potency of the puzzle items like increase the damage they do or give you bonus experience and such.My only gripe with this game is the lack of presentation . You move from dot to dot on a map and menu surf through the whole game which kind of sucks . It 's really only a small fault though given how fun the game is . If there 's a sequel I think it would serve them well to create actual environments that you can navigate and explore but that 's just my opinion.If nothing else this game serves as a HUGE breath of fresh air in two genres that have been nearly beat to death . If you 're bored of other RPGs or Puzzle Games than I highly recommend you pick this game up .
 I was initially skeptical regarding how fun this game might be . Fate would have it that I had a little time and money and wanted to a game for my DSL . This game caught my eye when searching GameSpot and I was intrigued on the possibility that this merging of genres might actually be fun ... and boy am I glad that I picked up this little gem!You can find plenty of reviews on the details of the gameplay and such elsewhere . I will just tell you that this game `` WORKS '' and is plenty of addictive fun for anyone ; assuming that you at least like a game , such as bejeweled , at some basic level.I will also mention that the DS version ONLY uses the stylus for gameplay . None of the buttons or D-pad work in this game . I had to get used to that at first , but I want to mention that this , too , works beautifully . In fact , there are higher level situations in this game that require you to solve puzzles against a timer ; I do n't see how this would be anything but frustrating if I had to use the D-pad to search through the grid vs. being able to just tap away with the stylus.Beautiful game that is likely not to be readilly recognized by the gaming masses , purely a 10/10 in my opinion .
 Simply said . . I have to get another copy of this game because my boyfriend has stolen my copy . > _ < This game is extremely addictive and starts off fairly quickly . This game is a combination of a puzzle -LRB- Match 3 icons in a row -RRB- type game with a simple RPG game . Although it lacks story depth , the game is deep in other ways.Basically , you go around a fantasy RPG generic world completing quests which may or may not be involved with the storyline . Along the way , you will , of course , encounter monsters . When you encounter a monster , the screen changes into a puzzle game and you `` fight '' by matching mana gems , along with gold coins and experience gems . You also gain spells which you can use with the mana you gain by matching the appropriate mana gems . For example , there is a spell called Forest Fire which causes a decent amount of damage to your foe . In order to `` cast '' that spell , you need 6 yellows and 6 reds . Usually you match gems by linking 3 or more in a row vertically or horizontally . So if you want to use Forest Fire , you would look for yellow and red gems to match so you can obtain enough mana to cast the spell against the monster . Once the monster 's life goes down to 0 , you win the battle and move on.The integration of the RPG world , items , and spells are not the only things that makes this game incredible . You also can capture monsters and animals . Some animals you can make as your mount to go around the world faster . In addition , you can build your own Citadel with your gold coins . At the Citadel , you can upgrade your mount , capture enemies , forge new weapons , etc. . You can also siege other citadels so they become yours . This game is really truly amazing because it has SO many features!Also I love that most of the battles do not have a time limit , so if I have to close my DS and go do something else , I can easily pause it and resume it later . You can also exit a battle at any time by pressing the Start button and then exit the game completely by doing the same . It saves the game right away so you do n't have to be in any particular `` save spots '' . There are just so many wonderful things about this game that I could go on and on about it but , alas , my fingers are tired . :P I highly recommend this game if you have free time on your hands ... However , be warned that you may become addicted , lose your social life -LRB- if any -RRB- , and gain some weight due to lack of activity !
 This game is extremely addictive , and I 've devoted more hours to it in the past week than I 'd care to admit , but it is n't without its flaws.The graphics are fine , especially the portrait style art accompanying the characters during quest assignments . The majority of your time will be spent on the battle screen where the colorful objects are big enough to be able to easily manipulate ; my one complaint aesthetically is that the green and yellow gems , under certain lighting conditions , look VERY similar . Fortunately there are little symbols on each , but it would be nicer if the green and yellow were more distinct.There are a ton of side quests in this game ; I have not yet finished the game and I 'm definitely over 20 hours into it . Unfortunately , every quest is ultimately the exact same
 This did n't seem like a game I 'd like , but the reviews were good , and it turns out I liked the game quite a bit . I played Bejeweled a few times but never really liked it that much . Puzzle Pirates is Bejeweled with variants . This review assumes you know Bejeweled ; here are the differences that make it so much more fun than Bejeweled :1
 Really great game . An addicting must have for any DS owner . One bug I have noticed though , is that when doing something in your citadel that requires you to fight , if you also level up then the level up screen and the citadel screen overlap , which can be annoying , but not a deal breaker .
 I probably would n't have heard about this game , except one night I decided to ask on a message board if Bejeweled had ever been released for the Nintendo DS . I thought if ever there was a game that was perfect for the touch screen it was Bejeweled . Somebody replied telling me about Puzzle Quest . I was a little unsure if I 'd like a game that was similar but not exactly the same , but I decided to try it out . I guess I 'm pretty lucky I found it in a store because I 've since heard horror stories about it being hard to find . -LRB- though I could have bought it here -RRB- Anyway , I found I enjoyed this game even more than Bejeweled . I have n't played a single game of Bejeweled since I picked up Puzzle Quest . A fantastic game . Supposedly the PSP version has prettier graphics , but a game like this is made for a touch screen or a computer mouse . I would n't want to be limited to a directional pad when playing this game , no matter how good the graphics are . If you like Bejeweled , get this game . If you like RPG 's , get this game . If you like puzzle games , get this game . See ? There 's something for just about everyone . Ok , maybe not sports fans . Of course , I 'd still like to see Bejeweled put out for the DS .
 In the video game world , the puzzle genre and the RPG genre are like apples and oranges . Both are delicious fruits to be sure , yet they 're two completely different genres . Certainly genres that no one thought could ever actually come together . Yet here stands Puzzle Quest Challenge of the Warlords . A hybrid of the puzzle and RPG genre , and the hybrid works ! Puzzle fans and RPG fans alike will absolutely love this game.You 'll start the game by choosing a profession . A warrior , druid , knight or something like that . And as you go through the game , you 'll discover there are tons of RPG elements in play here . You 'll traverse worlds , visit towns , collect items and equipment , and most important of all
 It sounds crazy but it works . Who 'd have thought such an odd combination of genres would have turned into such an addictive game ? You 've got ta try this .
 In a genre that has been rehashed and redone ever since Final Fantasy appeared on the NES , along comes a game like Puzzle Quest
 This is a fabulous game . Despite being merely the second game -LRB- of the 15 I have now owned -RRB- I purchased , it reigns as my favorite . The RPG element makes it engaging and super-addictive . I played it through 2 week-long road trips and never got sick of it . It has creative depth and is well art-directed and is fun to play . I highly recommend , and challenge anyone to find a better puzzle game .
 This game is now out of print as a sequel has come out - but it is a fun , intriguing and somewhat addictive game that is easy to `` pick up & play '' and/or follow the story line .
 This is an addictive RPG that will keep people who likethis type of game busy for hours . Very relayable too .
 This game is so much fun - you have so many options and different ways to play that even when/if you defet 1 level you can change charaters and play again and start all over ! I defeated one and started working on the next and even got my husband in on the action ! It is so much fun and additicting !
 Good lord this game is addictive!Anyone who has played bejeweled or any of it 's clones knows how to play this game . This is a puzzle adventure game and is definitely kid friendly.On top of that they added a kind of battle style game play and adventure story to the already addictive play.On top of that the victories you gain will give you abilities and special power ups/attacks/weapons / etc.ON TOP OF THAT , you can puzzle battle to create secret items that will give you even more power ups and bonuses.It 's like the creators thought to them selves `` How can we make crack cocaine into a video game ? `` Yes it 's that addicitive , especially when you have a friend to battle against.So one bad thing about the game?Most DS games have a multiplay feature where more than one person can play with only one card . This unfortunately is not one of those games so if you want to play with someone else , they will need to purchase the game as well . It was kind of a let down when we wanted to try the vs. feature but in the end it was worth it and we get some good fun out of the game .
 This game is also on you Xbox 360 for about $ 5 less . Maybe $ 10 now . And it allows you achievement points . Great game not one complaint about it .
 Puzzle Quest is both challenging and yet simple , very fun to play as it works your mind . The gameplay holds elements of both RPG and Puzzle Games ; You have equipment , allies , spells , etc. like RPGs , but whenever you attempt to do something , be it forge your own weapon or fight someone , you must first solve a puzzle . An almost flawless blend of the two game genres , I highly recommend this game .
 i bought this game off of amazon just because i was looking for something different . i love puzzle games and have never tried an rpg before . i read several comments about it and decided from the mixed reviews that i would give it a try anyway . i am totally glad that i did . i am addicted to it ! i usually stay up after my husband and kids go to bed and spend a couple hours playing it , then get back up in the morning and sneak in a couple-few more hours during the day . i absolutely love it . the only downside that i dont like about it is sometimes it seems like the computer plays cheap -LRB- knows when and where all the good moves are and going to be . that sucks when your close to dying lol -RRB- . but ive had it for more than a month and i still play it every day .
 This game is seriously one of the best games ever made ! I brought this home from GameStop and my boyfriend went out the next day to buy it for the Wii . You can have two save slots on the DS version , but I never want to give it up to let him play !! My favorite type of games are puzzles . RPG 's are n't really my style , but after I read all the awesome reviews on this game , I knew I had to try it . I am SO glad I did ! This game is very addictive and even though the puzzles never change , you are battling different creatures who each have their own set of spells . This game never gets boring and I have to force myself to put it down . The storyline is very engaging . It makes you want to see what happens next . And for those of you who love a long game , this is for you !
 I got this game after I saw hearing how great it was on one of the podcasts I watch . The hosts seemed completely enamored with it , so I had high hopes . Even with high hopes , I really enjoy this game . I can see why it was given so much praise.The game itself is a mix between Bejewled and an RPG , which works much better than it sounds . The story dialogue can be a bit dry and hammy at times , but you always have the option to skip right to the action.Bottom line , this is the perfect game for the DS and it 's one that you 'll definitely hold onto for years .
 This game is great . It does n't try to do too much , it 's simply a clever treatment of a bejewled-like puzzle game -LRB- though PQ involves much more strategy than bejewled thanks to the vs. format -RRB- . The game is well worth the cost just for the puzzle aspect and multiplayer mode.That said , the quest mode is fun to play through once , though the final boss is underwhelming and the story is extremely simple , linear , and not dependant on character-class . The result is that if you want to build up a 2nd character -LRB- different classes offer different abilities in multi-player as well -RRB- you have to sit through the same railroad trip all over again .
 The DS has some very interesting , unique , original games being written for it , and Puzzle Quest is definitely one of them . It 's part RPG , part puzzler . The story is not really all that interesting , and there 's really only one type of puzzle , but there 's something very different and fun about defeating monsters by playing them in a puzzle game . I only give it 4 stars because of the bland storyline and repetitive nature . . but as you progress , and level up , you do get some interesting powers that make the puzzle playing more interesting . I definitely recommend it . Did I type the word `` puzzle '' enough in my review ? Sorry about that .
 I really enjoyed the RPG aspect that was incorporated into what could have been a rather typical puzzle game . The battles are interesting and fun , because you are n't just trying to win . You 're also trying to collect money and experience based on what you do within the puzzle itself . I will say that the battles can get tedious after you 've been playing the game for a while , but that 's broken up with the different types of puzzles offered for crafting runes , capturing enemies and researching spells . All in all , a very addictive game that 's also great fun .
 What can I say ? PuzzleQuest is very addictive . It hits home nicely for someone like me who has been a long time lover of RPGs and -LRB- as I 've gotten older -RRB- becoming more of a lover of casual gaming . There 's definitely hours of entertainment in this one . A few graphical glitches here and there -LRB- maybe once every several hours of gameplay you might notice a refresh problem , where some graphics stay on the screen -RRB- . The only thing that keeps this game becoming a 5 star game is that if you 've played enough puzzles you begin to notice they all seem to start with the same configuration - I imagine there 's a finite set of starting grids that depend on who you 're battling against . It 's most noticeable when you 're trying to do things like level up your mount and fight the same opponent a couple times in a row .
 This game is addictive as anything . It 's also a very long quest , much longer than I expected from a puzzle game . If you like puzzle games , forging items , and RPGs , this game is basically that in one .
 It 's also very hard to get a hold of =-RRB- This is the kind of game you hope for with the DS - something fun and out of the ordinary . The bejweled aspect can get annoying at times , but it just means you need to pay attention . The good part is that if you need to , you can put this down at any moment and pick up again without `` dying '' . Oh , and to that effect , losing a battle still gets you something . What a concept!Additionally , there are choices you have to make in the game that affect the ending and playstyle to give you some flavor . It 's very addicting , challenging , and worth the bargain basement price.One note , in case Amazon copies this over to the PSP version - there is a bug currently known that you get no credit for your companions . It 's only a small help , but still could be a distractor for some . On the company 's site they have n't mention if they will have a fix in newer version of the game or not .
 You will love Puzzle Quest . And for that , you will hate it . It is very much like an annoying song that gets itself stuck in your head - you want to get it out , but every time you muster the will to banish it from your mind , your subconscious manages to sneak it back in behind your back.There 's something about it , undeniably - something that causes your brain to become utterly obsessed , forcing you to return for more , night after night . But what exactly it is that is so beguiling about Puzzle Quest never really becomes clear ... the core play mechanics are generally well designed , for sure , but that 's not it . The dialogue is fun in a charming , geeky kind of way , but that 's not it either . And there 's really not much else to it.So when it comes down to it , you will just have to accept the fact that , despite its cheapness and its repetitiveness , despite its many annoyances , Puzzle Quest somehow manages to be the single most addicting experience you are likely to have this year . And damn them all to hell , they 're making a sequel . Do n't they know I need to sleep ??
 I got this game because I wanted a puzzle/bejeweled type game . The RPG part caught me by surprise and it was an awesome plus . The story is a bit corny , but the idea of an RPG + Bejeweled is just priceless . I love how you can go against so many different opponents and there are a few side quests which is great if you just want to kill time . This game is perfect to have if you like a simple puzzle game to play around with every now and then .
 I was TOLD to buy this game by a friend . I figured if I did n't like it I could always resell it later . I went in with an open mind , and as I started to play , I was n't very impressed . Bejeweled was never a favorite of mine . I think I found it dull because there is no drive to keep playing . Yet after playing this game for a half hour I became hooked . It is so much fun to play against the computer . You really have think because the computer is can be very challenging . Not enough to make you want to rip your hair out , but definitely fun.I 've never been into hardcore RPG 's before , but this one the story line is n't too crazy , it just adds to the game . -LRB- I 'm glad they give you a reason for playing this game over and over and over and over again . -RRB- I 've been playing for DAYS and it has n't gotten old . I 'd say I 've already gotten my money 's worth . I highly recommend buying this game . AND START PLAYING IT WITH AN OPEN MIND . As I have read some of the negatives reviews , some people obviously wanted something different . Those people can go play others -LRB- as will I -RRB- but I am keeping my Puzzlequest . = -RSB-
 I love the game - it is amusing and everything I wanted . I would n't order it from Amazon though ; 3-5 day shipping turned into two weeks of waiting .
 Great game for both puzzle and rpg fans . If you have even the slightest inclination towards purchasing the game , I highly suggest you do and give it a shot ... you wo n't regret it : - -RRB-
 I bought this game a month ago thinking it was just a Bedazzled-type of game . As I started to play , it turned out to be a RPG with a Bedazzled-type of battle . I fell in love with it from that moment . And I am still playing it.I would highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone . It 's worth every penny I bought it for . : -RRB-
 I STILL play this game constantly . It 's so addictive . It 's a lot of fun , and has a great story line !
 This is a game that I was skeptical of at first . Like you probably already know , this is an RPG-style game with battles taking place upon a square grid filled with gems and other objects , and battle takes place Bejeweled-style , with players taking turns collecting different colored mana for spells , inflicting damage , and earning gold and experience.This sounds a little strange , but by the end of your first battle you should be stacking up huge combos and strategizing several turns ahead . However , the difficulty is staggering . Your opponents almost always outmatch you , and when pieces drop from above , they almost always give your opponent a lucky combination . This might turn some gamers off , but depending on what kind of gamer you are , you 'll either replay certain recently completed quests for experience griding , or throw your DS in frustration.You create your own custom character at the start of the game . You have a common choice of character classes -LRB- Knight , Warrior , Wizard , Druid -RRB- , which play very differently , but the story is the same no matter which you choose . You choose your character 's portrait -LRB- Two male and two female choices for each class -RRB- , give him/her a name -LRB- Or let the game give your character a random name -RRB- , and let the adventuring begin . The story of the game is underwhelming , and you 'll find yourself skipping conversations early on . Quests are simple `` go here and battle this person '' affairs as well.But you 'll gladly keep playing for the sake of customizing your Citadel -LRB- A palace that you build where you can forge items , keep captive enemies and learn spells from them , and do various other things -RRB- , collecting gear for your character , or simply enjoying the addictive puzzle combat.Here are my overall reviews -LRB- 1 to 5 -RRB- : Gameplay
 This is a lot like bejeweled however it 's got a story line and it 's combat ... that 's it ... it 's combat bejeweled . I have been playing this game for a week and am very happy with it . I can see how this game could get boring for those needing stimulation , however if you need something to zone out on this is the game for you .
 This is the most addictive game I have ever played . I have played it through twice and am still not done . The game is essentially a Bejeweled game with an rpg sort of plot to lend interest . The plot is occasionally cheesy , but it inserts humor all over the place . One companion you pick up has unusual eating habits and is the source of several giggles . Battles with enemies are fought on the grid where you match different colored circles that represent mana , or magic energy to power spells . You also can collect gold and experience . Match skulls to take hit points off your enemies . Cast spells to kill them quicker . Some opponents can be captured and turned into a mount . Others you capture can teach you spells . Shop for better armor , weapons and magical artifacts in different cities . Conquer these cities to get more gold in tribute . Pursue the main story line in different quests , but do n't forget the side quests which can gain you gold and get you companions who help you at the start of battles . The AI on this game will drive you crazy . Sometimes it loves you and sometimes it hates you . All in all , you ca n't put it down . A local reviewer named this game runner-up for the best DS game of 2007 , an opinion to which I add my enthusiastic agreement . I LOVE this game .
 I was sort of skeptical about this game . I love a good RPG and I enjoy Bejewelled , but how the heck can you tie them together in a way that makes sense and does n't get boring ? Well , it happened and the result is this game . At first , it seems just like bejewelled but as you progress you realize that your color gems that you match corolate to the manna you need to cast spells , heal , and inflict mad damage upon your opponent . Some battles are harder than others , and you can protect yourself by donning armor and having other items in your inventory to reflect , dissipate , or otherwise shield you . A really unusual game , but it never gets boring !
 ITS A PUZZLE AND BATTLE GAME WERE YOU NEVER GET BORED HAVING NEW CHALLENGES EVERY DAY
 If you 've done any research on Puzzle Quest , you know it 's a fantasy RPG where combat is done in a `` match 3 '' Bejeweled style puzzle game . That 's a good summary , but it does n't do the game justice - the fusion of two different games is complete and total , making an RPG whose gameplay , though familiar , is done in a completely different manner than we 've come to expect.At the core of the game you create a character from one of four classes . Moving around on a stylus-guided map , you travel to various areas , get quests , and battle assorted monsters . The combat is done on a grid of icons you line up - skulls -LRB- which you line up for a physical attack -RRB- , coins -LRB- to get bonus gold -RRB- , stars -LRB- to get bonus experience -RRB- , and mana gems -LRB- to get one of four kinds of mana -RRB- , and wildcards . Special abilities let you go beyond simple line-up-the icons to do damage , alter the puzzle board 's contents , affect your opponent , and more . You can figure out cascading combos that are just as satisfying as any fighting game.Alone , this would be a reasonably fun game . However , the game is both a complete puzzle game and a decently-detailed RPG . You level up your character and gain new abilities and add to existing skills - which can affect gameplay radically . Equipment also affects gameplay and varies considerably - a whip does damage when you collect yellow -LRB- air -RRB- mana , a suit of armor helps reduce damage , a ring may heal you as long as you keep your blue -LRB- water -RRB- mana above a certain level . You 'll find yourself mixing and matching abilities -LRB- you can only have six ready at a time -RRB- , equipment , and more to find new and better strategies.However , the game then takes this one step further with adding even more - you can capture enemies and use them as mounts -LRB- and train them -RRB- or learn their special abilities , craft items with runes you can uncover , and build up citadels and bring other towns under control of your Queen . Throw on a lot of optional quests , random monsters , and more and you 've got a satisfying RPG experience with plenty of ways to play.Finally , the icing on the cake is how the plot is handled . It 's a sadly standard plot , but it 's told with some interesting characters -LRB- such as a motormouth dwarf or a scheming princess whose father knows her all too well -RRB- and some little details in the game that flesh out the world.If there are any flaws , its that the presentation graphics are a bit mixed , from an OK overhead map , to barebones status screens , to some very nice character artwork -LRB- each class has 4 possible character portraits , 2 of each gender -RRB- . It 's good enough , but I felt the status screens and maps could have been done a bit better.The only caveat I will add - this is not exactly a casual game . Each combat is very intense and can take a few minutes to play , and you definitely have to think as the AI certainly will . It 's not something I can reccomend to truly casual gamers as it takes some investment of time and brainpower.Overall ? A fantastic experience deserving of the hype , and a step forward in gaming .
 This game is so MUCH fun ! I sort of felt blah about the idea of another Bejeweled style game , and though the combat takes on a Bejeweled like interface and general idea , it has so much more to it ! Each type of thing you connect means something different for your character -LRB- connect 3 skulls and it does damage to your opponents life , connect 3 piles of money and you get gold , connect stars for experience or orbs for different types of mana ! -RRB- . It 's Bejeweled at the very core but it plays like an RPG . You have a character that levels , has spells , equipment and gets quests . It 's incredibly fun and more addictive than you could possibly imagine.I also want to mention that the art , interface and music are fantastic . This game is top notch in my book , just plain fun !
 I am not a gamer . I 'm in fact a mom who is often known to be nagging at my kids to turn off their game devices . I fell hard for this game , though . I now own my own DS -LRB- pink so my son wo n't steal it -RRB- and have repeatedly played Puzzle Quest . I bought it last spring and played it daily until I just yesterday completed battling Lord Bane in the final Quest . I love strategy thinking without the time pressure - so the bejewel like game is interesting enough , but the added layer of increasing levels of opponents and spells kept me coming back to see how the game play changed . Too much fun .
 At this point in the DS life cycle , there are n't many good RPG titles available to play . PQ fills in some of the void with a solid RPG title that partners gameplay using an interesting puzzle twist . The RPG elements of the game are surprisingly deep and will keep fans of the genre interested for awhile with it 's addictive leveling-up attributes . Also , this game does a good job at being `` available time diverse '' . If you only have a few minutes to beat one puzzle and put one microstep forward in the single player campaign , you can do that and have your progress saved . If you want to stay glued to it for hours -LRB- like I did yesterday on a long plane ride -RRB- , then it will keep your long-term interest . The game is definitely fun , but has some drawbacks as others mentioned below . Here are the pros and cons : Pros * Deep RPG elements * Addictive game play * Long , deep , and interesting story/campaign * Decent graphics for its intended purpose * Excellent utilization of the touch screenCons * No variety in the musical score . You literally have to play on mute after an hour of gameplay . * The requirement of multiple game cards for multiplayer is greedy . I have three DSs for my kids and me to play other games . I am not going to purchase three licenses for this game . * No WiFi play - this is dissapointing as it would have been a fun experience to play with folks on line .
 With all the various puzzle games available for the DS , there is n't really all that much anymore that can make one stick out more than another . Puzzle Quest manages to stand on it 's own thanks to it being an incredibly addictive mash of puzzle and RPG elements that set it apart from the rest of the pack . Starting out as a typical RPG , you perform combat by partaking in puzzles that are reminiscent of Bejeweled . You take turns moving pieces around and the game even requires some strategy to it as well . The fact that the puzzle and RPG elements are combined here , and that they actually work as well , is reason enough to pick up Puzzle Quest alone . The game 's overall presentation is fresh and the main quest is incredibly long and also features some incredibly addictive puzzle gameplay that will keep you playing Puzzle Quest for quite some time . The only downsides to Puzzle Quest are that the puzzle field is cramped on the bottom screen of the DS , and it 's easy to miss something in the heat of gameplay . Not to mention that many of the enemies throughout the game can be very frustrating , but the good definitely outweighs the bad here thanks to the addictive gameplay . All in all , Puzzle Quest may sound like an odd hybrid of two genres that have seen well worn entires on handhelds , but make no mistake that this one of the most fun experiences you 'll have either way on the DS right now .
 The biggest problem I had with this game was sitting down to play it for 5 minutes and realizing it 's hours later and I should probably go eat something.In theory the game is `` just another '' columns like puzzle game , with some RPG elements thrown in to keep it more entertaining . However the sum is much more than the total of it 's parts , as you 'll discover after playing it for hours to try and gain `` just one more item '' or `` to make my pet one level higher '' .
 If I had to be left alone on a roof top after a hurricane , stranded with my NDS loaded with only ONE Game ... THIS would be the 1 game I would want to have with me.If you 've ever wished there were just `` a little more meat on the bones '' of a Match 3 Game ... But you lack the patience & dedication to play full blown , in depth , broad scoped , long drawn , intricately detailed computerized RPG games ... This game represents The Perfect Hybrid & The Best of Both Worlds . It is AWESOME.I suspect I may be the target audience for this game : * I am a `` casual gamer '' - shamelessly entranced by Match 3 games ... * In college - I was hooked on AD&D ; RPGs in a very big way , for several years . And I miss them ! * My cat has a longer attention span than I do.And - this game fully addresses ALL of these needs ...
 I 'll be the first to admit I bought this game because it 's been impossible to find a Bejeweled-type game for DS . -LRB- I tried the Disney Meteos game and did n't like it because it was so incredibly limited , and you could n't save your place -RRB- . I can not put this game down . My family is going to disown me . At first I found the fact that I was playing 2-person Bejeweled annoying -LRB- `` He took the row I wanted ! '' -RRB- and then realized it really adds a great new dimension to the game.I do find the RPG portion of the game a little tedious , especially now that I 'm at level 35 and there are SO many different places I 'm supposed to visit.I highly recommend this game , it 's totally worth the price .
 I bought this game for my 14 year old daughter before we went on a long trip , hoping to keep her occuppied for a while . She would n't put that game down . Unusual for her because she usually gets bored quickly . So , it must be quiet entertaining .
 I 'm not an avid game player . I do n't usually have the time to play . With this game , my life was on hold until it ended . It 's like bejeweled meets and RPG . It 's a whole lot of fun . If you remotely like games , get this.My 6-year-old son was able to play too and really liked it .
 As a fan of match-3 games and a fan of narrative-driven games , this is a great hybrid . Only problem is that I lent it out and never got it back , so I ca n't re-play it.One flaw , though , is that for those of us who play tactical spell games , there are some very easy and deadly combos that can make short work of any enemy .
 Old title , still a great game to play for DS . Adults and kids alike love this game . It is truly a quest that builds as you collect weapons , other warriors in your party , experience , gold , skills , spells , etc. . If you want to use your brain a little , try this for a change .
 If you like puzzle games but think they could use a little more depth , this is the game for you . At the core it is a puzzle game , but it adds various elements of an RPG so that playing this game requires strategy as well . The graphics , music and plot are far from perfect , but the game elements combine to make this a superb game .
 Puzzle Quest
 This game is great . It blends puzzle and RPG elements seamlessly . I was never realy a puzzle game fan but this changed me . It is very fun and I would play for hours . But because of the puzzle style you can just play for a few minutes . There is a massive game world , tons of weapons , and lots of characters and enemies to meet . You can also upgrade you mounts , weapons , and castles via puzzle challenges which are fun as well . If you like puzzle games and RPG 's you must buy this game !
 This game is so much fun . I bought it for myself and my kids think I 'm corny but once they started playing it , they play it more than me !!
 This is a puzzle game around the idea of bejewelled with the added twist of a role playing game . You fight in puzzles against monsters and have the ability to use items and spells , gain levels and do quests . It also has cool mini-games and puzzles to alter your hero in various ways . I 've been playing it for a couple weeks now and have found it very addictive and very fun . If you like puzzles and adventure , this is a great game to try .
 This is a great game . A very different game , so be prepared . It is essentially Bejeweled turned RPG . You get spells depending on level . You can learn spells from captured enemies . You can train and ride on different mounts ... It 's a great game . I 've put about 30 hours into it so far and tried all the classes . The multiplayer option is great . There are so many great games out there but so many of them have no multiplayer option.Player against another person is totally different and I highly recommend you find a friend to get another copy . The computer is pretty smart in terms of matching , but they do n't always anticipate the spells you can use . This is where multiplayer shines.My girlfriend also got a copy . She told me she was up until 5 AM this morning playing puzzlequest . After she said that I figured it was time to quite a quick review of this excellent game .
 I 'm an adult and have been playing this game for about a month now . I love `` bejeweled '' and wanted to get something similar for my DS . This game is a lot of fun ! It is different from the online versions that I 've played in that I 'm playing against a computerized opponent and need to look ahead to make sure I do n't set him up to whallop me.Minor irritants
 This is a really great puzzle game with a Role-Playing quest that adds tons of depth and legs to this Bejeweled clone .
 I never thought I would give five stars to a game that involves probably 100 + hours of matching jewels on a grid , but this is very well thought out , and quite complex and large . The designers have somehow created a system by which the player is constantly challenged in a series of puzzle-solving battles involving a fair amount of skill , but also a fair amount of luck . As you advance , you open up new areas on the map , acquire new skills , collect tribute money from cities , build features onto your castle which enable you to collect new spells and skills , etc. .
 Unfortunately only 2 at a time can play this game ... my son had to WAIT until me and my daughter -LRB- 21 -RRB- were done with the game - and this took us weeks . We got terribly addicted ! It 's really fun to play and solve the puzzles .
 I normally like RPGs and have not played many puzzle games , but this is a fun combination of both . I do n't think my skill at the puzzle game is good enough to play against real people , but it 's great fun defeating the monsters -LRB- even if it takes me an extra try sometimes -RRB- . I wish there were `` slots '' to equip more items -LRB- wear boots and you ca n't wear armor , etc. -RRB- but I do n't really worry about it.I can easily kill a couple of hours playing this . Highly recommended !
 The puzzle part of this game is great - but the story well it is a little INVOLVED for me , but I still love the game and play it all the time . Just wish it was easier to warm up to the storyline . If you love puzzle games go for it !
 Puzzle Quest is the perfect game for a portable console because of the way it is played . You can either play it for a couple of minutes or just get into it for hours . At first glance , the concept of a title that combines a puzzle game and an RPG might seem kind of questionable but once you begin to play it , you find out that it is actually very fluid and natural . In my opinion puzzle games of this type does not come any better than puzzle quest . Just a warning , it is highly addictive .
 I 'm really surprised . I 'm not really into puzzle games , and I have never played Bejeweled . But this game is really fun and addictive , as well as being very challenging in its own way . Normally I enjoy platformers and RPGs , but I was impressed at how much I enjoyed this game.Some of the reviewers here say that the computer cheats a bit too much , and I agree . But even so , it is just challenging enough to get you engaged and there is nothing that is absolutely game-breaking in terms of difficulty . It just requires a bit more thinking than most games . You get used to it after a while , and after that you can consistently beat the opponent . Plus you can get power-ups and level up your skills for your character , which evens the playing ground.I would highly recommend this game for people who like puzzle games , as well as people who want to try something new but are not sure if they will like the puzzle aspect or not . This was a pretty unique experience for me .
 I played the PC demo of this game before I decided to buy it for the DS . I 'm amazed how deep this game could be considering that it is basically Bejeweled with RPG elements . The gameplay is fun and competing against a friend makes it even more fun . The only complaints I have is that there is n't a lot of variety in the music , so it could old fast . It is also a shame that both players need a game cart to compete against each other . I guess this would be understandable , but it 's also unfortunate that you ca n't battle opponents over Nintendo WiFi . Other then those complaints , this game is definitely worth the price .
 Too cool !!! I would highly recommend this game to any ` Bejeweled ' fan as well as to any adventure/puzzle-solver . It 's hand-held , of course , because it is a Nintendo DS and , therefore , portable . Any time I have to wait with nothing to do , Puzzle Quest is open and playing!It is set up so that you do n't HAVE to accomplish the quest in order to play the ` Bejeweled ' part of the game , although the ` Quest ' part is fun and complex enough to keep me playing.The colors are rich and pretty well defined for a game as small as the Nintendo DS . The story line has enough different levels to keep me interested . It 's nice to have the option of selecting what ` personality-type ' I want my character to be -LRB- I chose Druid ! -RRB- . The ` Quests ' are not impossible for me to solve or win -LRB- which is good because I have always been challenged that way and I can easily give up on a game that I just ca n't win ! -RRB- . There are multiple levels that you can get involved in -LRB- I 'm still discovering new tactics against each particular foe I 'm ` fighting ' at the time -RRB- . The ` help ' feature is very good in explaining the game and strategies -LRB- this is the first game I 've played that I did n't have to buy the strategy guide to play ! -RRB- . The ` Bejeweled-type ' battles -LRB- as well as the ` practice ' sessions against enemies -RRB- come equipped with a time delayed ` pointer ' that shows you what move would be the best logical move for you to make -LRB- reference the ` challenge ' issue above ! -RRB- each time it 's your turn to play . The SUGGESTED move might not , however , be the BEST move , which is very exciting ! Plus , I do n't have any lag time opening and closing the game -LRB- I just leave the game on and , when I flip the Nintendo DS open , it 's ready to play ! When I need to quit I just close it and it goes into sleep mode ... no need to shut the game down and wait or lose the particular battle I was playing!There is also an option for a ` timed response ' if you want more of a challenge but I just love figuring out the best move to get the most items ! There is no ` do-over ' feature -LRB- go back and replay the move if it was n't a good one for you -RRB- but I truly do n't miss that since there is no `` dying '' or `` you lose -- start from the VERY beginning again '' . You might lose a ` battle ' but you just keep playing and gaining experience and ` gold ' and advancing up levels that allow you better chances of winning.I highly recommend this game especially to an ` older ' player who will appreciate it 's many levels of play .
 While Puzzle Quest has some flaws in gameplay -- for one , the story is not as compelling as the creators probably thought it was -- the game is still extremely addictive and fun . The puzzles are really fun and the leveling means that you gain puzzle abilities as you reach higher levels . I really enjoy the game , and I play it a LOT , so I feel that it was also a really good value for the price .
 This game is ridiculously addictive . Do not buy this game if you have a spouse , job , or any other responsibilities . My only complaint is that the DS version does not have some of the flashy special effects that the PC demo had . On the other hand , the DS version is portable . This is a great game for anyone that likes puzzle games and RPG 's .
 This game is a fusion of `` Bejeweled '' plus a fantasy RPG . Mostly Bejeweled . The weird part is , I do n't really like Bejeweled , it 's too boring and one-dimensional -LRB- figuratively speaking -RRB- , but I love Puzzle Quest . Yes , the plot is stereotypical , the quests all similar , the puzzles highly repetitive -- and yet somehow it works brilliantly . I particularly enjoy the spell-casting aspects of the gameplay , as well as the `` side games '' -LRB- more Bejeweled variants -RRB- to upgrade your mount or learn new spells . A game that has a meatier RPG aspect and multiple puzzle types for combat would be a better game , but Puzzle Quest does what it tries to do very well -LRB- make Bejeweled interesting & fresh -RRB- , so I definitely recommend it to gamers who enjoy puzzle games and RPGs .
 I love RPGs and like puzzle games -LRB- but do n't love them -RRB- . Puzzle Quest 's unique combat system uses a head-to-head connect four-ish style game -LRB- the `` puzzle '' component of this game -RRB- which I found fresh and perfect for a handheld game . I purchased this to play on a long international flight ... and I 'm still hooked . If you 're looking for a fun RPG for your DS , look no further .
 It 's two addictive games in one ! Puzzle Quest blends the puzzle gameplay of ` bejeweled ' into an RPG setting with quests , an epic story , etc. . I find that the use of the puzzle game for combat -LRB- or any other task such as crafting , researching or capturing -RRB- is very satisfying . There 's also a lot you can do . Siege cities to add them to your empire and reap the benefits financially , capture creatures to learn their special abilities , tame mounts and train them to higher levels , buy and even craft your own items , choose from four character classes , befriend companions to help you in battle and train up 7 different skills . There 's undoubtedly a lot more I have n't discovered yet . I have also heard the multiplayer is well done , but have not had the opportunity to try it yet . This game is just a must buy .
 A cross between a puzzle game and an RPG , this game is difficult to put down .
 I recently purchased this game and find it very entertaining . I am still however trying to remember all of the details necessary in winning the battles . I like the adventure with the `` Bejeweled battles '' rather than playing the `` Bejeweled '' by itself which to me gets a bit boring . I 'm glad they had a help button so you can remind yourself of what all the spells and different colors mean . I 'm glad I bought this one !
 This is more of a puzzle game than an RPG but it 's really good if you like either genre . The storyline is ok , but it lasts a while and there are a lot of sidequests to keep you busy . You can also make items , capture monsters , memorize new spells from captured creatures , and train mounts so there is a lot of things to keep you busy.The game has pretty good graphics , but it 's just a puzzle game so thats not really important . Controls are good , the stylus works excellent for this game . The music in my option , was awful . It was tasteful and appropriate to the game , maybe even pretty , but it got old quickly and it distorts badly if you turn it up at all . Luckily , you can just turn it off . Battling other players is really fun , sadly the game does not support wifi .
 A great game with a great story , numerous play modes , a lot of characters , a ton of weapons and items , BUT you must LOVE Bejeweled -LRB- the gem-matching game -RRB- or you 're going to hate Puzzle Quest ! I whole-heartedly recommend this game , but you 've got to try Bejeweled first to see what you 're getting yourself into . . a truly unique and fun game !
 First off , it stands to be said that you could play the meat of this game for free online if you wanted . Another thing I should get out of the way is that I absolutely hated Bejeweled -LRB- and its clones -RRB- because it always seemed to me like the poor man 's Tetris Attack -LRB- which is the best puzzle game ever -RRB- . With those out of the way , I can safely echo Tycho 's recommendation for this game , if you 're a fan of the puzzle genre . But let 's back up a bit.The gameplay is easy to understand and pick up , but like any puzzle game worth its salt , it takes some playing to really understand the nuances and to get the hang of playing it well . Essentially , there is an 8 x 8 grid filled with different gems , and the object is to match up at least three of the same type in a row , after which they disappear and make way for more gems to fall from the heavens into the 64 square board . The catch , -LRB- and the main reason the mechanics in these games are still inferior to Tetris Attack -RRB- , is that you can only move gems to adjacent squares , and only if the move creates a three-in-a-row situation.What makes the gameplay in Puzzle Quest inherently different from Bejeweled is that it is always played as a battle between two people -LRB- or a person and the AI -RRB- rather than as a glorified game of solitaire . This injects a level of strategy into the game that really refreshes it and makes it worthwhile to play . Another element that 1st Playable put into the game that adds more strategy is the use of spells and skills rather than just matching gems . While there are gems for gold , experience , and attacking , there are also four different colored gems to build up mana . You can then use your mana in various combinations to cast offensive spells on your enemy or defensive/healing/support spells for yourself.The spells and experience are all part of the RPG half of the game . While it was obviously done to add a reason to keep playing , and in that respect it 's successful , the story in the Quest mode is laden with so many RPG clich&eacute;s that it 's painful sometimes . You 'll battle trolls and you 'll go on fetch quests and you 'll have your homeland invaded by orcs and undead . This probably should have been expected from a game that has what may be the most generic title in the history of gaming -LRB- full name
 Ever since the Penny Arcade guys have been ranting about this game , it 's been almost impossible to find . Due to low initial sales the game got pulled back from shelves , but word of mouth has made it sell out wherever it 's to be found.The game can pretty much be summed down as turn-based bejeweled . It 's got some RPG elements to it , and the way you actually play the puzzles that make up the core gameplay is by encountering enemies . By matching up pieces you 'll either get mana , xp , gold , or cause direct damage to your enemy . Mana can be used to cast spells that have various effects on gameplay , such as changing pieces , making your opponent miss a turn , or causing damage to your enemy . The battle ends when either you or your enemy have reached 0 hit points.The story is standard fare for an RPG , but the battles and gameplay are the main reasons to get this game . A warning , though - the AI is HARD . Even on normal you 'll have difficulty with the game until you reach a high enough level where you get some strong abilities . Fortunately , you can change the difficulty whenever you want . All in all , highly recommended for anyone that wants a good puzzle game .
 This is obviously a fresh idea , combining a role-playing game experience -LRB- which usually involves fairly uninteresting combat mechanics -RRB- and a casual-style puzzle game -LRB- very similar to Bejeweled -RRB- . You create your character by picking one of four classes -LRB- druid , wizard , warrior , knight -RRB- , each of which has different specializations . You then set off on a series of adventures , traveling around an increasingly expansive landscape , visiting new points of interest , and receiving new quests -LRB- up to four active quests at one time -RRB- . When combat takes place -LRB- which is pretty frequent , and largely the point of the game -RRB- the view switches from the map to the puzzle board , which is a grid of tiles of various types . Most of the tiles are colored dots , although there are also gold coins , purple stars and skulls . The object is to take turns with your opponent , trying to swap two adjacent tiles to line up 3 , 4 or 5 matching tiles -LRB- even better if you can set up a combination or cascade of matches -RRB- . Matching same-colored dots gives you mana of that color , which can be accumulated and used for spells or special attacks . Lining up gold coins puts money in your character 's coin purse , purple stars give experience points used to level up , and skulls do damage to your opponent . The bigger the line , the bigger the effect -LRB- more mana , more damage , etc. -RRB- . As you gain experience , you level your character up by spending your earned skill points in different skills that have a variety of effects on future combats . You can spend your gold buying new equipment , or improving your home citadel with buildings like a Dungeon , which allow you to eventually capture creatures and learn their spells and abilities , or a Stable which allows you to train captured creatures to be mounts that you can ride.The interface is very simple , just like any DS game . Everything is done with the stylus , and you can hold one of the shoulder buttons to swap screens at any time . The graphics on the map screen are necessarily small and not very detailed , but the other graphics in the game are very nice , and the music is typical of the Japanese RPG genre like Final Fantasy.The only real downside to this game is that it can be extremely frustrating at times because the computer is naturally far superior to the human ability to process the entire board and always seems to put together massive combos that I could never have found without spending 10 minutes every turn trying to plan out my move and maximize my gains . The computer also seems to get incredibly `` lucky '' with the new tiles that drop down when it makes its play ... they always seem to get an extra match or a nice cascade that you would never expect because you ca n't see what tiles will drop to fill in the board ... but I bet the computer knows . It also seems like the hint that comes up if you wait long enough without taking a move suggests the move that sets up the computer 's next turn , rather than what would most help you . I tend to take the hinted move as an option of last resort . The computer basically NEVER makes a mistake , and sometimes it seems like it makes the first move of the game and already has you at a huge disadvantage , down 20 % of your hitpoints and the only move you can make is something that will set the computer up for another devastating attack . This tends to rob the game of some fun , knowing that the computer is always going to make a play that gives the maximum possible effect , even if it 's not remotely obvious to you how the combo comes together.The best thing is , this is a game my wife can enjoy as much as me , even if it 's for different reasons ... I like the RPG aspect , and she likes puzzle games like Bejeweled , so this is like buying two games in one that we can both enjoy .
 I remembered the arcade game from the late 80 's and early 90 's , so i tried this later version ... pretty cool and pretty similar .
 As a user , I like the size and style , and the fact that you can use it with your left or right hand . It is very quiet , has an interesting light that shows the amount of force it is delivering at the top of the stick.I am not sure how strong the constant forces are compared to other sticks , I will be looking into that but if future reviews could include a comparison it will probably help users.As a developer , my only concern have been with their web site -LRB- registration link from the CD came up 404 and their webmaster has n't written me back or fixed the dead link in over a month -RRB- , the XP installation process was challenging since the instructions are incorrect . The capabilities of the utilities they included are somewhat lacking , but Microsoft 's DirectX SDK has a few tools that make up for it . -- Additional information added 11/04/2002 -- I have continued to have difficulty raising anyone responsible for their web site.My company released a document comparing the Logitech and Microsoft products to this unit . The long and short of it is , this Saitek unit is the best bang for the buck . ... Saitek Cyborg 3D Force - By far the best value we found . It gets very hot after a short period of use . It has a symmetrical and high-tech look . Fire trigger is a little oversized . It has an intensity light on the top of the stick and a large `` Saitek '' illuminated electric-blue power light.Logitech Wingman Force 3D - A close runner up on value ! The lightest weight unit , stays cool , and works as a normal joystick when the power supply is not connected . It has the roughest movement , however , and makes audiable squeeling noises when full forces are used.Microsoft Sidewinder 2 - A little pricey and the base is large and oddly shaped , but heavy to keep it firmly planted on a desktop . It can detect when your hand is present so it does n't flop around . And the feel is by far the smoothest and strongest of the devices we tested .
 I 've tried all of the force feedback sticks , Microsoft and Logitech included . This stick blows them out of the water ! The set-up is easy -LRB- as long as you follow the instructions and DO N'T PLUG IT IN UNTIL YOU INSTALL THE SOFTWARE -RRB- and the look is incredible.A warning for you
 Bought the Saitek Cyborg 3d Force because of its rather sturdy and solid touch and feel , compared to its measly competitors.It 's not solid metal , but very tough!The feedback is strong and makes all the difference when flying my good old MS Flight Simulator 98 .
 Other reviewers here complain about this joystick . But that is simply because they do not know what they are doing ! This joystick easily competes with the more expensive competition . The feedback effects are strong and there is plently of resistence . The reviewers complaining about getting no feedback and no resistence are using Windows XP with old drivers . The newest drivers are available at the company web site . After a quick update , the joystick will work perfectly with just about everything being programmable , even the amount of resistence the stick gives . It a sturdy piece of hardware with a decent size footprint which prevents the base from moving while playing . The only minor gripe since it 's an ambidextrous design , two of the buttons on the opposite side of whichever side you use play with are too inconveniently located to be used . Another minor issue is once the tiny bulbs that glow as the joystick moves/rumbles goes out , there is no mechanism to replace them -LRB- the manual states this -RRB- . However , this does not affect gameplay at all . Overall , a great stick at a great value .
 I had the rumble version of this stick for a few weeks , liked it and decided to upgrade to this force feedback stick . It works well , but seems to have a difficult time autocentering . This makes it difficult for use with flight sims and such.If you follow the directions , you should have no problems installing the drivers . But , as others have said , do n't expect to call an 800 number and get help .
 I absolutely loved the arcade game Final Fight . My cousin introduced me to it while we were in the arcade at this resort our families were staying at . I played the hell out of it and was excited when one of my friends picked up the SNES port . It was a good port but unfortunately it went through a few changes that drew some ire from gamers during the early days of the SNES . Final Fight for the SNES is based on the arcade beat em up game . The graphics were crisp and clean . The sound effects and music sound great . You had your choice of 2 characters
 This still has the classic feel that was established when it was first released . In today 's world of gaming a game that is all about just walking and punching waves and waves of enemies would receive a low score . Final Fight still manages to be a lot of fun despite its age . It 's still fun to punch lots of enemies , stab enemies with knives , kick enemies , pick up floor poultry for health , fight challenging bosses , and the environments are still cool . The only problem is the game gets a bit generic when fighting these waves of enemies .
 It is a used game , has many signs of use but it works perfectly . It is a pity that it does not birng the case and original paperwork
 My older bro use to own this game with the many others that got sold and for its time to todays date , i enjoy it , its simple and its pretty repettitive and it becomes difficult into the other levels but good pricing , fast shipping , no prblems during game play and i enjoy it , thank you .
 When I was like eleven years old , I got an SNES and this game for Christmas , and I used to play the game a lot . It became a favorite of mine . I loved to play as Haggar , because he had such powerful and cool moves ! It 's a good , fun version , but it differs in several ways from the arcade version . In addition to other , mostly minor -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- differences , it 's missing one of the playable characters -LRB- Guy -RRB- , is one-player only , and is missing a stage . -LRB- I never played the game in any arcade . -RRB- I do n't think I ever finished the game , but I could get pretty far in it . Eventually , I pretty much moved on to other game systems and stopped playing the game . Now I have the arcade version on the Capcom Classics Collection for PS2 , and I think it 's a lot better . Not just because the things in the game that were changed for this version were restored , but also because you can keep pumping in `` virtual coins '' and coming back when you lose all of your lives -LRB- and switch characters if you want -RRB- ! Thus , I do n't see myself playing this watered-down version anymore , at least not often . But I did have a lot of fun with it back in the day , so I 'm giving it positive ratings .
 Okay , so it IS flawed . There 's no multiplayer -LRB- A must for beat 'em ups -RRB- , and a whole level + character 's been taken out , too . But you still got ta play this . Since this game is by Capcom , you 're sure to find that this is an awesome Super NES gem.Final Fight is the one that started a whole craze of games that played similarly to it . The button-mashing knuckle-crunching coolness shines throughout the game from start to finish . It 's extremely addicting , and in case you think it would get repetitive , chances are you will find an item that can help you beat up all the goons in the level.The graphics are downright amazing . The sprites are all very large-scale , making it easy to appeal to the eye . The music and sound effects are also realistic and catchy , just like how Capcom would always make them.In a nutshell
 Awww , I miss beat em ups games in the arcade . Pop in a quarter , choose a cool character , then start beating the crap out of anything that shows up on the screen . Those were the days . You probably are n't gon na find too many arcade machines with Final Fight around anymore , but you can find a port of the same game to the SNES , my favorite old school gaming system.Although the graphics are n't as good as the arcade version in my opinion , everything else remains the same . You choose between Haggar , Guy , or Cody , and you fight the Metro City gang to save the girl ... EPIC.My only complaint with the SNES version is sometimes it gets a bit too hard for me , with the arcade version if you die you can just pop in another quarter and keep going , but with the SNES you just have to be that good to have enough lives to make it to the end , and sadly , I ca n't , I 've tried . I 'm just not the gaming guru I thought I was . I mean their can be up to 10 guys on the screen coming at you from every direction armed with weapons . It 's pretty tough.But all in all , this is a great game , I 've spent so many hours playing it , it 's a great stress reliever and has a major nostalgic value to it . My suggestion to make it even better , buy the fighting stick arcade controller for the SNES and then pop this baby in . You 'll feel like you 're in the 80 's once more .
 superb early entry in the beatemup realm ... I recommend the arcade version ... . get it today !!!
 I remember being a kid and playing this in the arcade . The super nintendo version is a slight different . you ca n't choose guy , however it is still fun and really cool action beat em up is great in my book . Final fight has really cool sound quality for it 's time to I think .
 Was slightly weary of purchasing after having a logitech wingman force mouse but this is a comfortable mouse and the sensations are decent plus you can do your own ifeel forces
 I initially got this mouse and the Logitech iFeel mouse for FPS games , like UT2003 and MOHAA . But not too many games seemed to support this mouse 's force feedback feature , until Immersion Corp released `` instant '' force feedback software -LRB- TouchWare Gaming software -RRB- that let 's you `` feel '' nearly every game with this mouse . You can feel weapons , explosions and any other sound in any game , including strategy games live CIV3 . If you already have this mouse or any FF device , do yourself a favor and look into the TouchWare Software too . I 've been enjoying the `` feel '' of Max Payne 2 , Call of Duty and XIII recently . It 's way cool .
 This is an awesome collection of games . All together this ` game ' or collection is perhaps the best game for current generation consoles IMO . Go ahead and laugh ! This is because most modern games are not fun and lack gameplay . The only awesome game I 've played from current generation consoles is Ninja Gaiden.These are REAL games from the GOLDEN ERA of ARCADE . IMO some of these old games should be made modern ! Imagine Forgotten Worlds in full intense 3-D spectular mayhem fashion on Xbox 360 and PS3 . However 3-D can really kill games , this is evident in many remakes such as Castlevania LOI . IMO current generation consoles are not all that and playing 3-D games on a single TV screen just is n't all that . Im waiting for hologram consoles . Hey Billy Gates I know you can do it.Looking at the preview screen shots gave me the impression that some games are console version from NES , SNES , etc. . . However Im glad to report that the games are arcade versions . Each game looks wonderful and comes with history info , unlockable art , tips , cast , and music . You can adjust the screen , difficulty , etc. ... These games really test your reflexes.Here are the arcade machines :1942 , 1943 , and 1943 Kai . A vertical shooter . You shoot up Japanese WW2 planes , ships , etc. . . Great game -LRB- s -RRB- . Bionic Commando
 Here is another great compilation of more old arcade coin-op games playable on the Xbox . For a mere $ 19.99 you can enjoy these 22 classic games at home , in their original arcade-perfect versions ! The games presented here range from 1984 to 1992 . For me , `` Final Fight '' was worth the price of admission all by itself , as I had not played this version since it left the arcades around 1992 or so . Ever since then I was stuck with the heavily censored SNES version , until now . The Super Nintendo version was missing an entire level called `` Industrial Area '' and also did n't even have Guy as a playable character ! The sound effects were altered too , as well as some of the food items -LRB- beer and whiskey -RRB- and enemies -LRB- no women seemed to be allowed -RRB- . But it 's all here now in this version , so that finally makes up for it . The other games presented here include several variations of the `` Street Fighter II '' and `` Ghouls and Ghosts '' titles , as well as some other most likely forgotten games that Capcom must have REALLY had to dig deep in the archives to find . They are all worth playing , though.As a previous reviewer pointed out , these games are most likely NOT for the teenagers of today . Most of them are too young to remember or were n't even BORN yet when most of these games were gracing the arcades . The kids today would undoubtedly regard these games as `` dumb '' or something . I just have to shake my head in mild wonder when I see kids look at `` Namco Museum 50th Anniversary '' and yawn with boredom over `` Pac-Man '' and `` Ms. Pac-Man '' presented there . Not having suffered through the days of the Atari 2600 like myself , they just ca n't appreciate having these classics in original arcade versions at home like I can . But for those of us who remember them and enjoyed playing them back in the day , this CD will undoubtedly provide you with some very fun nostalgic entertainment.One tiny complaint that I feel like mentioning is the absence of a little-known gem -LRB- for me , anyway -RRB- from 1987 called `` Tiger Road . '' I was hoping it was buried in here somewhere , but it is nowhere to be found . But , since Capcom calls this `` Volume 1 '' I will cling to the hope that more compilations will follow and it might be included there . A future CD will most likely include the also omitted `` Super Street Fighter II . '' Until then , I hope you all enjoy this first edition as much as I certainly will !
 Exactly what the title says ... a collection of classics . And who does n't love a good classic every once in a while?This collection of games made for a modern XBOX is a dream come true , allowing you to access all of the games you used to love back in the day but without the difficulty of finding them or trying to get them to play .
 To be honest I bought this game mainly for Final Fight . I was unfamiliar with alot of the other games aside from Gun smoke , Final Fight and The Street Fighter games that are included . But there really is n't a bad game in the bunch . I 'm becoming a fan of these compellation titles as there is a great more variety -LRB- obviously . -RRB- then there is on single game disk .
 You really ca n't go wrong with this . Serious arcade classics that play flawlessly on the Xbox . Buy it and enjoy it .
 This is a compilation of Capcom arcade games . I was pretty disappointed when I discovered it 's not the home games like I grew up with this . These are just the arcade games and having Nintendo ports of Commando and Bionic Commando would have been great . This compilation might contain $ 5,000 worth of quarter eating fun -LRB- like the box says -RRB- , but not even the online leader boards will keep you coming back for more than nostalgia . A lot of the games feel very stale and clunky by today 's standards .1942 - A top down arcade shooter , blow up planes , its a classic , but feels clunky now .1943
 I like old arcade games , though i 'm too young to fully appreciate them , and i feel this puts the best -LRB- aside from a few unneeded ones -RRB- of the arcade expierence without having to go back to the crowded area and wait hours on end to play one game . That 's one thing i 'm glad i did n't have go through . Okay , anyway , this game has 22 arcade -LRB- and most of you should appreciate them -RRB- games , some of which are very similar to one another . This is why some might not be needed , in the case of exed exes : this game was well , how dyou put ? oh that 's right ! Lacking anything at all to put it ahead at the time . AKA : waste of time . and when i tried to lay this game the music -LRB- oh how i hate the music-the same , other , and over , and over-excluding boss levels but in the main game . -RRB- Now moving on to the next notneeded game on here : pirate ship higemaru . I do n't say something is a tad bad until many plays . And aftermany plays -LRB- well actually i could tell after just one play -RRB- . The game is no fun and you quickly -LRB- well i did anyway -RRB- quit and play one of the other FUN games.The rest of the games are either a GOOD or GREAT game but it 's obvious that this collection to come out in a while . Capcom has , will , and if the arcade ever come s back to it 's original form -LRB- which i highly doubt considering all the home consoles and next gen consoles = arcades are dead -RRB- continue to be the expert in the arcade .
 I wanted to get another 5-star rating out there , because this game is awesome . The small , small negatives of this game -LRB- repetitive , a possible bug on the PSP game , and PSP load times -RRB- are n't enough to detract from this game . There are plenty of lengthy reviews out there to read , but let it be known this game is well worth the $ 19.99 asking price .
 This is one of the best PSP puzzlers even with the bug mentioned in the other reviews . I could not put this game down . RPG and Puzzler what a combo .
 I just wanted to start this review off by saying `` WOW '' !!! This game is the bomb !!! I have not been able to put this game down since I purchased it for my PSP . Well except to maybe sleep and take a shower !! This game encapsulates so many different genre 's that everyone should love this game . It is a puzzle/rpg/fun game !!! I highly recommend this game . It is also available for Nintendo DS .
 I 'd been regretting the purchase of my PSP ... . until I bought this game on a co-worker 's recommendation . To the uninitiated , and I 'm including my first gut-reaction here , it looks idiotic . I thought for sure I was throwing my money away when I bought this ... . but you know what ? It took all of 10 minutes playing it and I was hooked . Two week-long vacations later , my only fault with the game is that it 's not longer/more difficult . Since beating the game , I now look at my PSP as a hunk of junk again.Hopefully there will be a sequel .
 Be prepared to give up a huge chunk of your free time if you buy this game ! I 've been playing this game for almost a month now and still have n't tired of it . It 's a very simple game that just about anyone can pick up and play . The game play is repetitious as you are matching the same blocks over and over again . However , this does n't seem to get old as you battle different enemies as your strategy will change with each one . Add on some role playing elements and you 're sure to be hooked !
 This game is fun if you do n't mind playing the same puzzle over and over again . The storyline helps to keep you interested and working toward a goal , but its basically just playing bejewled repeatedly . All in all this game is pretty fun , and perfect for a airplane flight or trip , as it can be played for hours on end .
 This is definitely one of my favorite games for the PSP ! My only quibble is the incredible luck your enemies have when you make jewels disappear . But if you learn to use your resources and mana wisely , you should have no problems beating your enemies eventually . I ca n't wait for the sequel .
 now I am not one that ` loves ' puzzle games . In fact I find them pretty boring . But throw in some RPG elements into the mix and you get something very addictive . Time seems to fly by while I 'm playing this bad boy . Very cool concept ! I ca n't wait for D3s ' next puzzle hybrid -LRB- called Galactrix for those not in the know . This one is to combine RPG/SCI-FI with puzzle elements -RRB- Let 's hope they can turn this one into another great success ! ok , I highly recommend this game to well anyone who enjoys videogames really . See ya !
 I bought this game on sale from Amazon . Fun puzzle game with RPG elements .
 In the video game world , the puzzle genre and the RPG genre are like apples and oranges . Both are delicious fruits to be sure , yet they 're two completely different genres . Certainly genres that no one thought could ever actually come together . Yet here stands Puzzle Quest Challenge of the Warlords . A hybrid of the puzzle and RPG genre , and the hybrid works ! Puzzle fans and RPG fans alike will absolutely love this game.You 'll start the game by choosing a profession . A warrior , druid , knight or something like that . And as you go through the game , you 'll discover there are tons of RPG elements in play here . You 'll traverse worlds , visit towns , collect items and equipment , and most important of all
 PuzzleQuest is an intriguing combination of role playing game and tile-matching puzzle game . There are definitely other role playing games out there - and I own several tile matching games which are this exact same style of gameplay . Somehow the combination of these two games makes the overall gameplay much more fun , because you switch back and forth between the two.To start with , you can be a fighter , paladin , druid or wizard . You can be male or female , and choose your name and image . These little touches really do help to personalize your experience . Soon you 're off exploring your kingdom , realizing that evil exists in the world and doing your part to combat it.When you come across an enemy - say a wolf or an orc - instead of hitting X to slash at it , you launch into a puzzle game . You might wonder how this wolf is smart enough -LRB- or has opposible thumbs -RRB- to play a puzzle game like this , but you have to suspend your disbelief a bit here . It 's the standard three-in-a-row style game , with a twist . You 're not just trying to clear the screen . The colors you remove have meaning.First , there are red , blue , green and yellow tiles - these fill up your four types of mana . You have a variety of spells you can cast , and each spell requires different combinations and values of these mana types . If you 're fond of a spell that requires yellow and green mana , those would be the tiles you focus on removing.Not only that , but if your enemy seems to be fond of a spell requiring blue and red mana , you would do your utmost to clear those tiles before he can get to them , to minimize his ability to attack.There are skulls that cause instant damage when you match them up , and other tiles that give you extra experience and cash . These come in handy because ... Yes , it 's an RPG too . When you 're roaming the world , you can stop into a shop to buy weapons and armor . These give you bonusses during your puzzle stage . You can beef up your main home base , adding on new buildings . The buildings then let you have additional abilities - learn new spells , capture mounts to ride , take over enemy towns , and much more.There are of course quests to go on - from delivering messages to taking out specific bad guys . There are interesting people you run in to talk to , with personalities and backgrounds to explore . Sure , this is n't a 800-hour multi-class leveller RPG like Dungeon Siege - but it 's still a ton of fun.I love the graphics in the game , and I really love the music . One or two of the songs are n't my favorites , but the rest are songs I really enjoy . These guys did an awesome job with every aspect of the game . If I 'm going to find a flaw , it 's that the annoying messages that `` float up '' over the screen when you 're trying to play the puzzle game obscure the tiles , so then you have to sit there and wait to see what remains to know what to do next . That and the messages are generic , so you ca n't tell if something affects you or your enemy . You might think it would be obvious - but sometimes if you do a chain sequence , and then he moves immediately after you , it 's hard to tell what parts of the chain are coming on you and what messages are from his immediately following move.Highly recommended !
 When Bejeweled came out years ago many people got hooked on the game . NOw , with this game , many people will be hooked all over again , yet never be able to go back to Bejeweled . The combat for this `` RPG '' plays out on a Bejeweled like board . Match up three symbols and you get mana for a spell , additional money , cause direct damage , or get expereince points . You must defeat your opponent to move on . If you lose , you still get to keep the money and experience points you earned , and it gives you the option to fight again right away , with no penalty except for the time you spent . It can take 15 minutes for some of the battles to take place , so it can be exciting when you are both down to a few hit points each.The RPG portion is more story , and very light on the role playing . You get to level up your character , but you have few choices . But , in my opinion , it is as deep as it should be . This game could take a 100 hours if you do all the quests . It is so addictive . I am a huge RPG player , but am ignoring them now to play this game and do one more fight , go for one more item that will allow me to get more extra turns.I hope for a sequel , but do n't know what to add . Great job , developer . Your game is amazing !!!
 If you 're a fan of Bejeweled , this is quite a treat for the PSP . However , the one major difference in the gameplay is that you are competing with AI which alternately takes turns on the game board . Whereas you always want to set yourself up in Bejeweled , you do n't want to leave a nice board for the AI in Puzzle Quest.Though the RPG element is fairly limited and simply a framework for the puzzle gameplay , it provides an interesting and engaging twist to the experience.Quite a treat !
 First off , anyone familiar with the Bejeweled types of games online will immediately grasp the game . All battles , puzzles , and challenges are handled by playing this puzzle type of game . Of course , with an RPG twist , gameplay can be changed/affected with spells that you amass as you gain levels and/or capture enemies.The only knocks against this game are :1 . The combat mechanic can get old if you 're not interested in that type of game .2 . Once you reach the level max of 50 , most enemies pose little to no threat .3 . The forging mechanic leaves a bit to be desired since it wo n't explain what you 're making until you commit to do so . Also , some of the items are comparable to ones you can buy or pick up early in the game , so even creating a Godlike weapon can be anti-climactic . I intentionally got those out of the way so I could begin to sing the praises of Puzzle Quest . Like I said , it 's an RPG wrapped around a puzzle game . However , I 'm truly amazed at how they took a game that is known and reinvented it into a game that easily sucked 25 + hours of gameplay out of me.First off , you get to choose between four different classes . Yes , they matter . There are seven `` stats '' available to each character . The four magics -LRB- Earth - green , Fire - red , Air - yellow , and Water - blue -RRB- , Battle , Cunning , and Morale . Each class has preferred stats which cost less to upgrade . You 're given only four points to spend in stats when you level up and the preferred stats cost 1 pt each while some cost up to 3 pts each.Once you 've decided on a class , you begin quests . There are a bunch of them . Delivery quests , kill quests , storyline progression , etc. . Sidequests give you access to new members who might join , new items , new titles -LRB- with stat bonus benefits -RRB- , etc.Eventually , you 'll earn enough money to build a citadel of your own . This allows you to capture enemies and use them as mounts or learn spells from them . It also allows you to forge items -LRB- once you begin finding runes -RRB- , train mounts to higher levels , and buy stat bonuses . Yes , spend your gold on the stats you 'd like to raise but are too costly to raise with your level bonuses.I apologize if I 'm not explaining everything , but it 's an intentional choice . There 's so much to do in this game ! For those of you that really want to learn every spell , make every Godlike weapon , train your mounts to 20 + , complete every quest , conquer every city -LRB- with siege warfare -RRB- , and collect all the titles , it 's going to take a while.For me , the game was a great length . I chose to complete all the quests -LRB- including the side quests -RRB- , dabble in the other areas of mount training , spell learning , and item creation , and finally finish off the main storyline once I maxed my character out at Level 50 . It 's a great game that you can pick up , fight a battle or two and put back down . Or , as was more my case , look up to realize that it 's 3am and that the game has eaten those hours easily . Of course , just one more quest wo n't hurt ...
 They 've really come up with something unique here . In it 's day , bejeweled won tons of fans , but now the 3-in-a-row game has become somewhat archaic and definitely overused.However , Puzzle Quest has brought in a much needed element to give the 3-in-a-row mechanic something it desperately needed - strategy ! It 's no longer just a matter of matching up items . Now it 's important WHICH items get matched up . All of them have benefits and usefulness , but it comes down to strategy as to which you need.So far , I 've got about 10 hours of gameplay under my belt , so I know I have n't seen everything yet . But I do believe I 've seen all of the game 's features . ~ I find the story to be enjoyable . Nothing overly intricate , but it helps give purpose to the game . ~ The whole ` bejeweled as combat ' format really works well . I find myself constantly wanting to play `` just one more fight '' . ~ The classic RPG elements are present - skill sets , spells , items , and the like . There 's enough variety to keep things very interesting for quite some time . ~ I think the city building aspect was a nice addition as well . I like how it opens up new features of gameplay - ie - capturing characters , learning new spells , creating your own magic items . There 's a lot to be done . ~ Even with a pleasantly suprising amount of depth , the game is very approachable and easy to pick up . You do n't even really have to worry about the story , or all the extra things to do . But , then again , that 's all the stuff that makes the game so much fun and drives the replayability .
 I am a not much of a puzzle fan but I love RPGs . I just got a PsP for X-Mas and this was one of the titles that i picked up . I am pretty far into the game and have to say that it does get a little tough and that you may find yourself facing the same enemy several times before you are `` victorious '' . Although it is not your typical rpg and whether or not you are into those match three like `` whatevers '' I highly recommend this game . .
 I have both handhelds , the PSP and the DS Lite . Since this game has been released for both systems I could have chosen either one . At first I thought the use of the stylus on the DS with this kind of puzzle gameplay would warrant my purchase of that version , but after downloading a demo on my PC and seeing what a beautiful and colorful game it was , I decided to get Puzzle Quest for the PSP . Since both versions are the same price , the choice for me was easier . Which version you decide to get depends on your personal preference . Keep in mind that the DS version uses solely the stylus for gameplay . If you like RPGs with engrossing stories and also like puzzle games you ca n't go wrong with this game , it uniquely combines both genres very effectively and delivers a fun and entertaining title , ... regardless of what version you purchase .
 This is a very fun game but its way too short . -LRB- around 25 hours on main quest -RRB- about the bugs the partner bug isnt that big of a deal cause you never notice it , but there are a few other nasty bugs . One of the bigger bugs is if you learn certain spells from monsters the game will freeze and mess up your saved data -LRB- meaning you will have to start over -RRB- The way to get around this bug is not to master spells from monsters.this is the best PSP game for 2007 so far get it and you will love the game . Its just too bad the game is over way too fast
 i 've only been playing this game a few minutes and i really love it . althoughit 's super collapse like style it does n't get old or monotinous .
 THIS IS ONE GREAT GAME IT IS SO FUN , ITS SOMETHING LIKE BEJEWELED , BUT ITS MORE CHALLENGING . . AND FUN . . YOU MUST CONNECT THREE OR MORE COLORED STONES AND WHEN YOU WANT TO TAKE A HIT AT THE ENEMY YOU MUST CONNECT 3 OR MORE SKELTON HEADS THE GAME IS VERY EASY AND FUN.ITS WORTH THE 29.99 AND PS.IN ORDER TO PLAY THE GAME YOU NEED TO BUY A MEMORY CARD . . IF NOT YOU WONT BE ABLE TO PLAY IT . . ITS A GREAT GAME . . VERY FUN AND ADDICTIVE ... BUY IT ...
 This is an excellent game for both lovers of deep and rich RPGs and simple games like Bejewelled . In fact you could call this Bejewelled RPG . It has an incredibly deep RPG system that will keep you occupied for hours together and a simple gameplay that is easy for anyone to pick up . Dont get put off by the occasionally difficult opponents because the longer you play , the better you get and learn to advance . Picking the right skills , mounts , spells and companions makes a big difference.All in all , this game along with Lumines and WipeOut makes my PSP get much of the gaming action at home .
 This game is a great way to pass the time on trips . It 's a more in-depth Bejeweled type game where you have a hero you level up while playing . If you enjoy games like Lumines or puzzle games in general you may like this game.The only thing I do n't like about this game are a few bugs I have run into . They are minor performance problems were the game may slow down after defeating an opponent , but these can be overlooked and are nothing major .
 I happen to have the PS2 version of this game , and when i purchased my PSP , this game was at the top of the list . It 's just plain addictive , even with the slowdown and load times.It 's easy enough to pick up and play , and even though you will cringe at how the enemy `` seems '' to know what 's coming down , -LRB- hence the difficulty -RRB- even though you ca n't see it , when you hit you first epic combo , you 'll be caught.Pros : CharmEase of playAddictive gameplayDifficult but excellent AICons : Load timeSlowdown during certain spellsEven with the cons , this is still a 5 star game , period .
 Everything people said highly touting this game is true . Deep fun puzzle game that appeals to people who love Bejeweled and even Magic
 I know what you 're thinking , `` It 's just a puzzle game with a tacked on cheesy story . '' Well , the truth is the story and RPG elements make this feel like much more than a puzzle game.Basically battles are played out in a turn-based , bejeweled-like puzzle . You cast magic during the battle . You level up your character . The neat thing is that you play different variations of the puzzle to accomplish different events . There 's strategy and choices to be made , and it gets very engrossing . It 's long too . You 'll be playing for quite some time ... then you might come back to play again with a different character.Make no mistake about it . This is not an action game . It 's a puzzle , RPG-ish , strategy-ish game . It may move too slowly if you just want a hack and slash fix . If you like puzzle games and RPGs , then this game will take over your PSP for a good long while.Highs : StoryRPG elementsMagic to use in battlesFeels like you really EARN your winsCapturing enemies and learning their magicTaking over other citiesLengthLooks nice on the PSPThemed musicIt 's available on every game system and PCs too.Lows : It sucks your timeYou secretly sneak your PSP around to play every chance you getFeels like CPU is too good sometimesYou 'll lose battles frequently -LRB- but you feel compelled to come back for more abuse -RRB- Battle same type of enemies more often than you 'd like3D map might have been cooler
 When I first decided to buy this game , it was only because I had seen it on every other console and as an Amazon Black Friday deal of only $ 10 w/free shipping , I figured why not . Even when I first fired the game up , I was still a little hesitant . Now that I am well over 60 + hours into the game , I am still hooked . The game is like Bejeweled with a purpose and RPG flair . It is unbelievable as to how quickly you get hooked on leveling up and capturing creatures and laying siege on the neighboring cities . The only reason why I gave the game an overall 4 instead of 5 stars is due to the AI sometimes cheating a little in how your opponent sometimes seems to get many more skulls than you do in battle . It does make the game more challenging though and at least you are n't left with no experience when you lose a battle . An excellent game overall and well worth picking up if you enjoy puzzle and or rpg styled games .
 I 've now spent hundreds of hours with this title , turned on a number of friends to it . If you have n't played this on your PSP -LRB- or any other platform it 's on -RRB- you should.Easy to pick up and play , single battles can last from 10 minutes to a half hour , which is a nice format for portable platforms.Don ' t let the `` casual '' facade fool you . This is a gamer 's game worthy of anyone 's collection .
 very good game . They married the fantasy/adventure with puzzle game well . And gave it a purpose to . Sweet game .
 The game is not really a cross between Bejeweled and an RPG ; rather it 's a highly-enhanced Bejeweled wrapped in a story that advances as a reward for playing and winning the Bejeweled contests . That 's not a bad thing - in this case it 's nearly perfect , as the highly-enhanced Bejeweled was to my mind one of the most addictive `` casual '' games that I 've ever played , and the story is an amusing light parody of a RPG story that provides needed intermissions in the action . My other favorite `` casual '' game is Lumines , but the problem with it is that it can take an hour or more to play through one round , while the rounds in Puzzle Quest are much shorter -LRB- and so more clearly `` casual '' -RRB- . The other attraction to Puzzle Quest is the shifting rules depending upon your `` spells '' , your opponent 's , and the various bonuses earned via playing . This gives the game much more longevity than Bejeweled , although it does make it less `` casual '' as you need to develop an understanding of the interplay and power of the `` spells '' . I found the combination of pattern recognition and tactical rule optimization to be extremely addictive - like when I first played Lumines or Tetris , this game dominated my spare moments for weeks . The upside of this game is that it progresses from start to finish -LRB- final boss -RRB- , so it provides a sense of mastery that is missing from an open-ended game with continuously ratcheting difficulty ; the downside is that there is a finish . But a lot of those `` spare '' moments were n't quite so , so just as well ... I do n't understand the heated comments about the bug in the game and difficulty problems . I noticed a couple of idiosyncrasies and experienced at least one crash , but these had very little impact on my overall enjoyment of the game . The game can be difficult at times , but why would you play if there 's no challenge ? I suspect some/most of the complaints are from people who find pattern recognition games generally difficult.Buy this game .
 Did n't get 5 stars due to the fact that the monsters are VERY lucky every now and then . But other than those few times this game is great .
 The game itself is fantastic . I now own a copy for both the PSP and DS . The PSP version 's only flaw lies in the fact that your companions do not activate their abilities before appropriate battles . Other than that , the game is phenomenal
 The concept and game play is good but the major flaw of the game is the bug ONLY exist in the US PSP version . This bug does not allow your companions in your Quest to add bonuses . No wonder I have been fighting really challenging enemies by myself all the time!I talked to D3 Publisher they told me that they are still discussing with SONY rather to replace the UMD instead of using patching it via memory stick . Will update you guys when they resolve this problem . Anywaythis game is perfect in Japanese and European version , also XBOX LIVE and Nintendo DS .
 The Good
 I first learned about this game a few weeks ago at a friend 's house . I saw him playing it and said something like `` What is that ? You playing bejeweled or something ? You wuss ! '' He started defending it and so i started reading the reviews and decided to make the purchase . The basic idea , a bejeweled type game overlaying a RPG fantasy setting seems a little odd on paper , but when you fire up Puzzle Quest on your PSP it wo n't take long for you to understand what all the hype is about . Puzzle Quest in a portable format just seems perfect . If you 've played bejeweled before , you already have a good grasp of this game . You match up different symbols in groups of 3 or more to gain a bonus , for instance , skulls do direct damage , purple stars give you experience , gold gives you ... surprise ! Gold ! There are 4 different forms of mana corresponding with different colors that fuel your different abilities and spells as you level your character up . The storyline is probably not going to `` move '' you or anything but it does n't need to . Puzzle Quest is extremely addicting , its really hard to stop once you start and when the computer defeats you , believe me it will , you will stop at nothing to exact revenge ! There are many different items to find and purchase to customize your avatar and it also allows you to upgrade your citadel with different facilities . Companions can join you and give you a boost at the beginning of battle but i 've heard there is some kind of bug that keeps them from working correctly . In summary , everyone needs to try this game out , it is creativity at its best .
 Good game - easy to learn and yet hard to master . High replay value even though I have n't finish it yet . I choose PSP version over NDS because it looks amazing on PSP .
 This game might seem a bit clunky at first but it is addictive . It is one of those games that you pick up intending to play for 10 minutes or so but then realize that you 've been playing for two hours by the time your done . My wife actually got even more addicted to it than me !
 The penguins were by far my favourite characters in the movie , so I was ecstatic when I found this game dedicated specifically to them . It came in handy when I got laryngitis and had to stay home from work . The penguins are as quirky and adorable as ever ! While I was able to complete the entire game in half a day , it was fun to play , and I was certainly not disappointed . The graphics are very nice , and I did not encounter any design flaws . I also had a lot of experience playing Mario games during childhood , so it would probably take young children longer.The structure of the game is great for kids because the skills are taught and built up sequentially . There is no frustration learning a lot of new actions all at the beginning because they are clearly introduced one at a time on the earlier levels . The movie storyline is also well incorporated . For those who find completing the stages too simple , there is the added complexity of thoroughly searching each environment to collect all the medals.Overall , this is a well put together game for anyone who just wants some low key entertainment . It is not overly challenging , so I would not recommend this for a hard core gamer . I was also disappointed that collecting all 1000 medals did not unlock any bonus stages , but it was still fun to have a little journey as a Madagascar penguin .
 The game , Madagascar Operation Penguin GBA is alot of fun ! As an adult , I thought it was fun , a little challenging at times and I was able to complete the game.My kids , aged 6 & 8 , have played with it and they liked it too , they also completed it as well . We hate games where you get stuck and never complete it because it 's too hard but not this game , it 's a fun game that you are able to complete . It has a save mode where you can go back where you left off . There is no chance of getting stuck and giving up ! You know how it feels good after playing & going through the challenges and then you reach the end of the game . Gives people -LRB- especially kids -RRB- a sense of accomplishment . It 's worth buying .
 This game is GGGGGGRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTT . It 's the best GBA game in the universe . My favorite gadgetit is Parachute . Iv ' e had it one day and I 'm 67 percent done . You can be , privite , Melman , Marty , and Alex. the instructions are easy , and you can save it without dumb passwords to memorize . You can save three games . I LOVE this game . You should buy this game TODAY !!
 First my disclaimer is that I 'm usually pretty bad at video games - even retarded . But I am a big fan of cute side scrolling games where there is a visible start and finish . If there are talking mushrooms , bizarre cute creatures with names only the japanese can pronounce - i 'm all over it . So needless to say I love this game . It 's fairly easy , does n't require too much coordination - the only bad thing is that it is short . I just started the game yesterday and I 'm almost done . But very cute and well worth the $ 20 . If you like this game , a great game is Klonoa 2 - sooooo cute and quite a long game .
 i love penguins . i especially love the penguins of the movie madagascar because they remind me of my four kids . i had surgery recently and one of my daughters thought that her gameboy would help to cheer me up during my hospital stay . this game was so much fun . it kept making me smile . easy enough for kids yet still challenging for the older ones too , entertaining . great game
 My favorite characters from the movie have their own game !!! it pretty much follows the movie , but from the point of view of the penguins . it 's relatively easy so it 's probably good for kids . i 've played this game more times than i can count -LRB- i can complete it , 100 % in 2 hours -RRB- and it 's still fun every time .
 I got Madagascar Operation Penguins as a Christmas gift from my grandmother . The gameplay was excellent , the length was so good , and the grapics was so good . I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME for kids of all ages .
 I got Madagascar Operation Penguins as a Christmas gift from my grandmother . The gameplay was excellent , the length was so good , and the grapics was so good . I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME for kids of all ages .
 The game is cute , except for the fact that characters get whacked with fish . A little violent if you think about it . My 9 yr old does n't seem to mind , she is just concentrating on completing the levels .
 This game is GGGGGGRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTT . It 's the best GBA game in the universe . My favorite gadgetit is Parachute . Iv ' e had it one day and I 'm 67 percent done . You can be , privite , Melman , Marty , and Alex. the instructions are easy , and you can save it without dumb passwords to memorize . You can save three games . I LOVE this game . You should buy this game TODAY !!
 This is one of the most peculiar chess CD 's I have ever come across . Although the graphics are n't the best in the world , bear in mind I paid $ 2.50 for it at Half Price Books . It supposedly has chess levels from 1 to 25 , but one will find that there is almost no discernible difference between the levels . Even worse , the programmer has some of the most off-the-wall strategies that defy most conventional standards of play . The only way to win is through attrition , i.e. trading off and coming up on top at the end game . Otherwise , Champ Chess -LRB- or what I renamed Hyena Chess -RRB- will tear away at your defense until your king is stripped bare.The redeeming competitive value of this game is putting it up against Chessmaster when you reach your level of incompetence . For me , it was at the 2000 mark , and by reading negative reviews on CM 11 -LRB- my version -RRB- I found that it was programmed to up its game to grandmaster levels in overcoming deficits when you get the upper hand over higher-ranked opponents . In siccing the hyenas on them -LRB- who let the dogs out ! -RRB- I found that Champ Chess was able to tear the seats out of the pants of opponents all the way up to the Top 20 ! The only way to harvest its knowledge is by studying the tactics of the Hyenas as they rip up the CM defenses . They are highly unusual -LRB- almost like watching the ghost of Tal , -RRB- with unorthodox , sacrificial approaches that tear big holes in the enemy ranks and leaving their defenders surrounded by snarling ... hyenas.Toss out your chess books , take your phone off the hook , and be prepared to have your chess instructor tearing his hair out by the roots when he watches you undo everything he ever taught you . If you can figure out the twisted genius of the Phantom who programmed Champ Chess , you may be the Monster at your club who no one wants to really play.For $ 2.50 , you 'd be a fool to pass it up .
 True Crime
 So many of the game reviews are picky . One of the biggest complaints about this game has been that it is the same old thing . Just like Grand Theft Auto . WHen was being like one of what is considered one of the best games ever been a bad thing ? That said , if you do n't like violence or profanity , avoid this game at all costs . It has both in spades . The game is very similar to the whole GTA vibe . Lots of free roaming action , lots of violence to innocent people , lots of what people loved from GTA . YOu can get more details from other reviews . The truth is if you are a churchgoer , avoid this game , it will do nothing to improve your spirituality . If you love GTA you love this game .
 This game is better than GTA : SA by a little bit!Unlike the 1st True crime , you can swim and you can go into stores like gun shopes , banks , offices , clubs , the police department and more ! Also you can search trunks . You can even eat !!! You can buy cars from dealerships and buy guns from gunshops . And better street crimes are available . You can take subways and taxis around the city too . And you can ride motorcycles too !!!!!!!!!!!! You can also change and buy clothes ! Overall this game is way better then TC
 its fun to just turn this game on and fool around in the environment . the city looks \ feels JUST like being in New York -LRB- especially Harlem -RRB- and it is HUGE . frisk people for illegal contriband , drive around listening to music or stop in the MANY restaurants and get something to eat to restore health . i myself love the shooting scheme where when you push down the right joystick , things slow down so you can target better . excellent shooting effects as well . best game to come out yet ... THE ONLY TRUE PROBLEM THAT I HAVE WITH THIS GAME IS THAT CARS APPEAR INFRONT OF YOU WHEN YOU LOOK TO THE SIDE !! i like to drive around and just gaze at the perfect automobile i am in from every angle ... only to switch back to the normal angle to find myself crashing into a car that WAS NOT THERE before . i did a test to see if the cars did infact APPEAR out of nowhere ... i switched the view to the side for a split second and switched it back ... and low and behold . . a car that was not there had appeared out of nowhere in front of me while i was driving . when your trying to keep your car looking nice ... and cars appear out of nowhere and make you crash and ruin it ... it sucks alil bit : | if you can get past this small problem , youll enjoy this game alot . i played it more than i did GTA : SA ... iLL .
 My boyfriend 's brother loved this game but his was broken . So we went to get his fixed , but it still did n't work . Thus , I came here to get one . It arrived timely and it looks good ! the box is a little messed up , but the disc was perfect ! So I let that slide . The game does have a tendency to freeze up , but it works ok after restarting.Overall , I 'm happy with the buy . His little brother is enjoying himself and he 's happy , I 'm happy .
 This game looks and plays like new ! It even came with the booklet . I have not had any problems with it .
 This game is pretty cool . It 's almost like grand theft auto just that your a cop and the world is smaller .
 This is a very fun game . Not suggested for kids under the age of 16 because of the language and violence that happens . Plus the wrong ideas that teens get about police officers . This product came fast in the mail which is a super plus , i was very satisfied !
 I enjoyed the game and thus give it a perfect score because it kept me going for months even though i beat the game 6 times . I enjoyed the game a lot despite all the bugs and glitches . It 's created with the real look and feel of new york city . Despite all the praise though the game really did frustrate me with all the bugs and things . Like on the Shadow Tong case it took me forever to knock Tommy off the crate thing . But overall loved it ! I hope the come ou with a third TC .
 Many people knock this game series because it is like GTA . I , on the other hand , like it for this exact reason . It has been some time since the last GTA was released and this is a nice alternative .
 True Crime
 True Crime
 this is one of the most fun free roaming games gta style with huge selection of wepons has a debug moad and awsome cars its soo cool for ps2 as you go you get cooler stuff .
 The ps2 version of the game seems to have less problems then the GC and XB version in terms of freezing . But the glitches are still there and the graphics on the ps2 version is a lot worse , everything looks dark and muddy but it kind of suits the gritty new york theme . Its a shame that activision rushed this game behind all its glitches and stuff its still an enjoyable game . An if you like streets of L.A you 'll like the new options available but your going to have to deal with the sloppy controls and the random glitches that can get annoying . Its not unplayable bad but lets just say its not as bad as the xbox version where theres a glitch that impede your story progress /
 True Crime
 THIS GAME HAS IT ALL FREE ROAM TONS OF GUN PLAY AND GREAT VECHICLES . THE STORY LINE WAS EXCELLENT . I GOT TA SAY I REALLY ENJOYED PLAYING THIS GAME . IT ALSO HAS GREAT REPLAY VALUE . I 'M NOT GON NA LEAVE AHUGE REVIEW CAUSE PEOPLE HAVE ALREADY SAID IT PRETTY WELL GREAT GAME !
 this is a great game , i definately enjoyed this one , i spent hours getting lost in NY city , fighting crime , doin whatever , going on my missions whenever i chose too , its sooo cool , i highly recommend this game
 This is a game for full frontal melee and weapons players.It may take a while but it is very rewarding with cars , money , and new martial arts and weapon techniques . The time slow technique is used in many games but this definitely pulls it off with changing crosshair colors just to be sure that you can make the shot and do n't worry about wasting bullets because every gun is single shot , even machine guns . The sights change very fast from tall skyscrapers to back alleys and shacks . This game has 2 sides , the bad cop or the good cop . The bad cop is the extortion and `` accidental '' running over citizens . The good cop takes out criminals big in story missions and small in random crimes . He also only chooses to beat the living snot out of criminals and not the `` innocent '' townsfolk . Do n't harass the citizens too much , there 's consequences ! I highly recommend this game for the vigilante in all of us .
 Cmon ' stop comparing this game to GTA ! IT 's fun and there 's a ton of cool stuff you can do and see.Does GTA have the accurate city -LRB- NEW YORK CITY !! -RRB- , the cool graphics -LRB- Reflections on the ground , shadows and weather effets , better looking cars and people -RRB- , the amount of objects you can shoot and destroy is awesome , there 's just tons of stuff that make this game better . The shooting missions are lots more fun and way better . I have n't had any problems with my PS2 version either .
 This game is awesome . I am having a blast playing it . I only have like 3 missions left in the main story and so far I have n't noticed any major bugs in my copy . I really have n't had any problem with it at all . I do n't know why so many people are having so much trouble with theirs . I did try to play it with a wireless controller which kept freezing it up . I hooked up my wired controller again and had no more trouble at all . But anywho , my only major complaint with this game is the horrible language . They need to include a language toggle in the game . . all games infact . Other than the horrible profanity , this game is awesome to play . If you like the GTA series , try this one out . I recommend this title for only those of a mature audience . It earns it 's `` M '' rating . Not for kids .
 Other people have been complaining about this game , but I think it 's actually a lot of fun . Most people do n't like this game because of the first few minutes . I have to admit that the first 5 mins are pretty bad , but once you get to the streets , the game is a blast !!! I found myself driving around the streets of NY chasing random criminals and street racing for hours to the point where I forgot to follow the main storyline missions . Trying out the different ways you have to kill or arrest people is awesome !!! The city itself is jawdropping . The rain , the thunder , the ambient VO , the potholes on the road , and all the buildings that change appearance as you clean up the city make you feel that you 're in the matrix or something.Get the game , ignore the first few minutes , and you 'll see how much fun this game is !!!
 True Crime
 The great story line , along with almost endless side missions and run-around fun , made this game one of my favorites . It has been scrutinized for being to similar to the Grand Theft Auto franchise , but rest assured that True Crime
 Another true crime game this time in another big city New York . I love going to Harlem and Chinatown to fight the bad buys on the streets . They killed your mentor and now it 's time for revenge . This game is not for kids .
 I do n't normally post reviews , but i felt that it was needed due to all the unjust negativity.I own both GTA and this game - as a comparison , GTA has some fantastic features , inculding a larger map ... however , True Crime has updated graphics , better choice of weapons , there are sports cars that drive better than others , it is more modern , better controls - I HATE GTA SHOOTER CONTROLS - they make no sense . Great Slow Motion mode when shooting is awesome.If you are looking for the most up to date free roam game available , Get this game and ignore internet garbage .
 I received the game in a timely manner for my 19-year-old son , who really enjoys it . The ratings are bases on his opinion . He 's extremely happy and we will purchase from your company again .
 First off , the game that I got delivered on time . It was in perfect condition and it was easily opening but the graphic and the gameplay were like a 3 out of a 5 because I had difficulties controling the main character . But overall , I enjoyed the game . Sorry about my review .
 The gaming magazines have been really trashing this game -LRB- at least the 1s i read -RRB- but its so much better than Streets of LA in so many ways . First off the soundtrack is the best ive heard since American Waistland . the soundtrack is huge . Its got Rap , Rock And punk . Now The Game is huge . the map is so big and really nice looking . if you need to get someplace just take a cab . plus almost every building you can walk into . But is daos get boring after you have done everything . But wait theres also Driver
 Players wield the ultimate power as one of NYC 's finest in True Crime
 True Crime
 The game story is really good and the graphics are good . The music is okay and the weapons and cars are nice . The problems with the cars were that the turning is hard . Plus the character that your are playing with runs slow . The missions are fun but sometimes a bit diffcult which makes the game better . This game is better since there is motorcycles . It is a good game to buy but not worth 50 bucks .
 i got this game with my christmas money and i think its well worth the money . it has everything you can even rob shops take hostages -LRB- even thoughtyour a police man -RRB- you can go in every shop in the hole city . crime gets lower if you consentrate on one city but if you just go around killing people then it goes high again . dont believe what every body else says just buy it hopefully youll like it like me .
 I read a review on HonestGamer.com . about this game.It gave it a 9/10 rating and said it is one of the year 's best games . I agree !
 This game starts you out at Christmas 2000 and you are a gangster named Marcus Reed . This part is not very hard . Then 5 years later you become a street cop . After that you half to go through Fighting training , Gun training , and Driving training . Led by the person who takes care of Marcus , Terry . It is kind of boring . Then you half to drive to a certain place where Terry tells you the different kinds of crimanils and you half to search for drugs . You half to check 3 people for drugs . The last person you check has drugs . Then you half to check the car ahed for drugs . Of course , it has some . Then Terry tells you about the different kinds of criminals . After he tells you about all of them , you half to arrest all of them . After you arrest 4 out of 5 people , the last person escapes . You go into the car thet you see 1st -LRB- not Terry 's -RRB- then you drive to the closest street . Then you chase the guy down and arrest him . Then you half to drive to another place because Terry has to do something the biulding explodes and Terry dies . Then back at the police station , Deena Dixon tells you that you are on yo'urown . You are . My opinion of the game play is 5 stars but the music is -100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 stars . Rap and Punk are horrible ! But the rock is ok .
 Ok , you could assume without much information that GTASA is a better game than this , though since this is sort of an imitation of it , it makes it less worth while . That 's just a foreword
 I bought this game with my christmas money and went home to play it only to realize the best NYC graphics and the most real New Yorkers ! First of all , you really ca n't just ignore the crime alerts for too long because eventually , the businesses in that area will shut down , causing you to waste time finding another store just the same that IS open . If you cruise through the areas that have the highest crime rate , you will notice the buildings have boards over the windows and there is ALOT of graffiti hanging around this area and if you frisk people that are in this area , they will most likely be holding drugs or a box of stolen jewelry !!! Bt , if you ride through the areas you have cleaned up , the buildings will be fresh looking and there will be less thugs in the area , and less crime alerts . But , all in all , the graphics are simply amazing ! It is just so real in the life of a street cop , good or bad.Hop my review helped !!!
 So many of the game reviews are picky . One of the biggest complaints about this game has been that it is the same old thing . Just like Grand Theft Auto . WHen was being like one of what is considered one of the best games ever been a bad thing ? That said , if you do n't like violence or profanity , avoid this game at all costs . It has both in spades . The game is very similar to the whole GTA vibe . Lots of free roaming action , lots of violence to innocent people , lots of what people loved from GTA . YOu can get more details from other reviews . The truth is if you are a churchgoer , avoid this game , it will do nothing to improve your spirituality . If you love GTA you love this game .
 I liked the first True Crime ok , but when i saw the screenshots for this new True Crime game I was amazed . I could n't believe how good the graphics are . And now after playing it for the past week I can say it 's lots of fun too ! The story is good and the cinematics are awesome . And i always love Christopher Walken . I do n't know why people say GTA is so great , their graphics are horrible and it gets boring driving around the city real quick . In True Crime you play as a cop and you can do cool stuff like frisk , interrogate , and give people tickets .
 So far I am very impressed with this game . Overall it is the best recreation of the castle yet . There are no load times as seen in the previous games . So when you go from say the courtyard to the common room you can go straight there with no loading screens . There is a slight slow down when going between some areas but nothing really noticeable . For the most part you just walk up to a door and continue through it.The Spell casting on the Wii is pretty fun . Instead of having to switch between them like they were items it is just a flick of the wand -LRB- or Wii Remote -RRB- to activate a spell . The spell used depends on the flick.The graphics are beautiful and the attention to detail is amazing . In this one almost all of the paintings are animated in some way or another and you can talk to some of them.I just ca n't get over how huge the castle is . The map is very essential to finding your way about . You can even select locations and the foot steps will appear in front of you to guide you to that location or person . The voice acting is well done though there is some repetition . But since they recorded the same lines several different times the character can say the same thing and say it a little differently each time.There are also many mini games . So far I have found a game of Wizard chess , a version of shooting marbles -LRB- gobstones I think -RRB- and some sort of matching game.If you are a fan of Harry Potter then this is a must buy . Its not for everyone -LRB- there are a lot of anti-potter 's out there -RRB- The game is like the others where there are a lot of fetch and grab missions , not much on the fighting aspect of it though there are some times where you get into a duel with some of the other students and some bad guys later in the game . -LRB- -RRB- Game play
 I am a definite Harry Potter fan , having seen all the movies , played all the games , and read all the books to date . I have played and completed this game , but am still trying to get all the goodies . This Harry Potter game is definitely the best , and I think the Wii gives it the edge . It was a major improvement from the last one , Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire , which was TERRIBLE . Here is a rundown on how I think this game was . -- Graphics/Hogwarts
 This game is hard for me to review because some elements I love and others I think are sloppy and things I 'd rather avoid at all costs . Still , I ca n't stop playing this game and having fun and I think most any Harry Potter fan will too.For the first time we can walk all around Hogwarts and explore it 's every nook and cranny . That 's a huge plus for me as walking around the castle and discovering new things and talking to students really makes the place come alive . I feel like I 'm actually there . Thankfully , the castle is jam packed with secrets to uncover to encourage further wandering.Waving the Wii Remote to perform spells is simple and something I think gamers of all ages can master rather quickly . For example to cast Reparo -LRB- to repair broken items -RRB- you simply wave your controller in a circular motion . The control scheme further draws gamers into the world and brings it to life . I even found myself saying the spells aloud as I cast them which was quite amusing . Wingardium Leviosa gave me the most headaches as it took time to maneuver items I had levitated.My problems with the game are mainly mechanical . Ron and Hermonie follow you everywhere and constantly got in my way . To add insult to injury , they constantly remind you to head off to your next task in the story line but with the focus on exploring their constant reminders get very annoying in short order . The story scenes are ok , but they only make the sketchiest effort at representing the story . The game would have been much better without story at all . Also there are a few very difficult mini-games that you have to beat three times in order to get a 100 % score in the game . I think mini games should be optional , not required.The tasks you are given to perform are mostly collecting items but they remain mostly satisfying . I would have liked to see more varied tasks . Some interesting puzzles would have been great . All considered though , this Harry Potter game is the best of the bunch . It could have been much better with just a bit more thought and effort but there 's no doubt it will bring many hours of enjoyment to Harry Potter fans .
 Overall this game super but there is just one small flaw when you talk to someone they say hi then it goes back to the gamplay so guickly , but sort of funny . Anyway there 's many things to do in the game and the castle is so much bigger than all the other games . The one thing that 's really fun to do is cast a spell on the Slyterin people and get in a fight , by the way there are 12 spells . I deffinatly hope you by this game because it is very fun to flick the Wii Remote
 I really love the Harry Potter books , and I like the movies -LRB- although I do wish they 'd stick to the books closer -RRB- . This game is based on the movie of OOTP , not the book . However , the game is really fun . I thought that this game would be very structured , as in you must do this task and then this assignment in that order . However , it was much more like a RPG , in the fact that it let you pick from quite a few tasks at once and do them in any order . Also , you can free roam around the castle at any time -LRB- except for the movie sequences -RRB- . There are many things to `` discover '' at Hogwarts . From fixing broken furniture to playing wizard games like Gobstones , chess , and Exploding snap to sweeping leaves , it all gives you `` discovery points '' which then lead to rewards -LRB- as well as a 100 % finished score -RRB- . At the end , you go into an Endless day where you can find all the stuff you missed while doing task . You can get the last new portrait passwords , finish up the last chess game , or just light the lamps , it 's nice to just walk all around Hogwarts to see it for yourself.The only reason that I gave it 4 stars out of 5 is that the Wii remote is a bit hard to use at times . It is fine for walking , but there are 12 different spells -LRB- 6 combat , 6 non-combat -RRB- , and they work by doing a specific motion with the Wii remote . However , I found that sometimes the game would think I was doing a different spell then the one I was trying to do . That did get a bit frustrating.Upside of the Wii version is that it is cheaper than 360 or playstation version .
 It is a lot of fun playing Harry Potter with the Wiimote . The graphics are great ! Sometimes you get stuck in a task that you ca n't figure out , but just take a break and come back to it ; it 's easy then ! Have fun !
 I absolutely loved this game , and most of the good stuff has already been said in these reviews . And incredible value for the money , with 40 + hours of game play and high replayability with all the quests and mini-games . Gorgeous , glorious , engaging , etc. etc.So what 's my gripe ? It 's mentioned in other reviews , and it 's the Wii functionality . Spell-casting with the nunchuk and remote is imprecise and often frustrating . Targeting people and objects in any kind of timed activity drove me wild . The potions task for an OWL in Snape 's dungeon classroom was made really annoying because I could n't get Harry to change targets easily , and he would pick up the wrong potion . Also , the view is overhead and incredibly dark , so sometimes you ca n't even see Harry -LRB- or Snape , who you bump into -RRB- when trying to target from the head of the table.Another frustrating task was the Herbology OWL with Prof Sprout , for the same reasons . Imprecise targeting meant plants were difficult to zone in on , especially those on the ends or in the very middle of a row . And Flitwick 's OWL had the same problem.Dueling with spells was also frustrating to target and control with any precision.The odd thing is that you have clear B button selection of objects and targets most of the time , it 's even taught to you that way in the beginning of the game . So to lose it when you need it most ... well , I just know on other platforms this would be a non-issue . But otherwise , it was incredible . And hopefully Wii will get better at porting or creating this type of functionality in the future .
 this game is awesome for my child and at sometimes the game would n't respond to the remote but then it would . i say get it if your a fan . and the free movie ticket is awesome too . my daughter saw the movie on her birthday with the ticket so get it .
 My boys LOVE this game . The wand action is a lot of fun for them , and the booklet is clear in the spell explanations.My complaint - only ONE kid can play . It would be A LOT more fun if two or three kids could play Harry and his friends ... just like the movie .
 This game is so much fun on the Wii . Other consoles require weird key combinations to cast spells , but with the Wii Remote and Nunchuck , you actually feel like you 're holding a wand , casting spells as you complete the adventure at Hogwarts ! The only drawback is the fact that all the deuling scenes are fairly pre-programmed -LRB- it 's not really possible to lose ... they sort of play out and then they 're over -RRB- . But the complete freedom to explore and the amazing graphics more than make up for it .
 The old DS was pretty good , the last reviewer got most of it down , but do not buy this from here . First of all , the list price is NOT $ 349.99 , it 's only $ 129.99 . -LRB- This price is like the PSP -RRB- Also , it does n't say that this is either an import or a pre-order . This color is not out in the US yet .
 I got a DS Lite at the store -LRB- 130.00 , DO NOT BUY FROM HERE -RRB- and then sold my origanl DS on ebay and made 70 buck ! . That just about cut the price of the lite in half.So all i wanted to say is that if you simply sell your old DS , upgrading to the lite isn ; t as bad as it may seem financially . And the upgrades are definatly worth it as explained in the previous review .
 the game gun was a very fun game especially if you like games like red dead redemption its like that game but you have more direction for mission etc. . Overall this was a great game and worth the purchase .
 This is a fun western style game , It 's not the bloody gore you may see in other M rated games but it 's something . You get to ride around on your horse when you want , you can shoot people off of other horses , do missions , search for people on wanted posters , play poker , and much more without spoiling anything . You get a nice variety of guns as the game progresses and experience new things .
 I love this game i always use to watch my brothers play it and then they let me !!! At first i like it for the horses but i like it more then ever and i 'm a girl ... its fun !!!! love it ...
 I bought this for my husband , he couldnt put it down . When he finished it he would go back and do it all over again to see if he missed anything . Now we have a PS3 and I am looking for a game like it .
 Depending on who u r , I was able to beat this game on hard 100 % n a 24 hour time period . Awesome game though , very playable again .
 Good game , but can be a little difficult when you get to the higher levels -LRB- as can be expected -RRB-
 I have had Gun for the Ps2 for a couple of years now . I think it is a great game except for a few flaws . The first and biggest flaw is it 's too short . The story line is really interesting and vivid but it feels rushed and is over quite quickly . In between the story missons , you can do side missons to give you money and stats . The side missons give it more substance , but it 's still not enough.I would recommend buying this game . I do like it . It 's just I feel the developers did n't unleash its full potential . It could have been an even bigger hit if they added more to it . The graphics look great and the feel of the controls is nice as well . There are a bunch of weapons that you can use too . Such as pistols , rifles , shotguns , snipers , bows , knives , and let 's not forget dynamite.Sometimes you 're fighting outlaws , sometimes you 're fighting Indians and sometimes you 're fighting wild beasts . There is a lot of shooting and horse riding in it too . You 'll like the game if you like either of those . The Second flaw is that the world of Gun is too small . While it feels big at first , the more you explore it the less you find . After I played it a couple of times , I new it like the back of my hand.One of the fun things in it is hunting for gold . There is 44 gold chunks scattered around . To this day have still not found all of them . I have found 43 of 44 !! You get $ 10 when you find them . Then you can spend the money in the 3 stores to get upgrades . The third flaw is that they have n't made a second one yet ! They better kick in gear and start making it because the story needs to be continued . I hope this time they leave everything the same except for the short short story and the small small world . make them both bigger and we 'll all be happy !!
 I am a recreational gamer . In other words , I take the PS2 on business trips with me and I play when my wife goes for a girls night out -LRB- or more often a PTO meeting -RRB- . I am a fan of Westerns and this game was great . The storyline , the graphics , the different weapons , and the difficulty were perfect for me . Because I do n't play a lot , I get very frustrated with games that are too long or too hard to beat . Some have complained that the game is too short . It is short , but that was great for me . I was able to finish the game on one business trip.You do have to do all of the side missions in order to gather enough skill , strength , and weaponry to beat the game . The one drawback I found was that once you have started a mission , there is no way to leave it and go back to town to do side missions . The first time I tried to play , I got stuck trying to kill Reed . I ended up having to start over and I made sure to complete more side missions the second time through . But , I should have known better ! My only other complaint is that the language is a bit rough at times , enough that it is a bit distracting.All in all , one of my favorite games !
 Neversoft , the developers who brought the world Tony Hawk Pro Skater -LRB- and related -RRB- have FINALLY decided to bring the world a new Western genre game . I 'm a fan of the Western Genre , but it 's seriously lacking on all current systems . With the only other western game being Red Dead Revolver , Gun has no oppistion . Neversoft took a gamble on a completly different genre than the one they 're used to , and , while they did n't lose , they really only broke even.The game is solid . The gameplay , the story line , the voice acting and the charectors are all well designed . The only thing that suffers is the graphics , which , while not being bad , they are n't great . But the game suffers little from glitches , so what it lacks in beauty , it makes up for in seam-less play.The game follows Colton , a leather faced , ornery looking man , who oozes cool like a fat guy with the runs . Colton gets in deep trouble , loses his father and has to hunt down a one eyed villian by the name of Magruder . The story is VERY good and you wo n't know where the storyline is taking you until the end . You actually WANT to know what is going to happen , a rare thing these days.The game itself takes place in the old west . Now , the map is n't huge . Infact , it 's a little smaller than GTA3 's Liberty City , but the terrain and things to see and do make up for it . The side missions are fun , but there are n't many of them , and once you max out your stats , there 's nothing to do , except start again.But you can do things like hunt down wanted felons , taking them Dead or Alive of course . You can run for the Pony Express , be a deputy and clear out the lawless out of town , or , my favorites look for gold or hunt the great beasts . Looking for gold is fun , not to mention it makes you rich , and hunting is challenging and takes practice.But these things end quickly , and when you finish the game , you 'll wish there was more to do and more to buy.The game is still solid and extremly fun . Using QuickDraw to kill your opponents is not only fun , it 's essential and it 's the only way you can kill a whole army of enemys in 5 seconds . Every feature in the game is fun and usefull , which is ALSO very rare these days , as most developers like to cram as many useless features into games as possible.This game may be short , but if it takes off , it may inspire other developers to drop their Plasma Cannon 's in favor of a revolver .
 Gun is one of those games that you just have to play to believe . Despite some lofty promises that it does n't fully deliver , Gun is the best western video game to come out in years -LRB- and certainly better than Red Dead Revolver -RRB- and features some of the grittiest and grisliest action you 'll encounter in a video game that does n't come from Rockstar . You play as Colton White ; a tough hombre who 's looking to avenge the death of his father . Throughout the game 's story , you 'll meet a deranged preacher , a kindly prostitute , an insane Civil War veteran , and the railroad mogul behind the devious plot . In between all that , you 'll be able to go on side missions , ranging from playing Texas Hold 'Em poker to earn some cash to picking up bounties and acting as a law man to max out your stats . You 'll fight Apaches , thugs , and killers along the way as well , but the main problem with Gun is that it 's too short . Side missions and all , it wo n't take you long to beat the game , which is a big disappointment . Not to mention that the gameplay elements can appear really linear at times , throwing out the notion that Gun could be GTA with a horse . The storyline is entertaining enough , but the violence and language can be a little too over the top at times . Despite all that , Gun is still a great game thanks to the atmosphere , excellent music , solid graphics -LRB- mostly -RRB- , and the great team of voice actors which include Tom Jane as Colton , along with Lance Henriksen , Brad Dourif , Ron `` Hellboy '' Perlman , Tom Skeritt , and Kris Kristofferson as well .
 Gun is not a huge game , it 's not a very unique game , and it 's not really that noteworthy . It is , however , very fun . Like most people , I had no idea what this game was , because the only thing commercials showed were the cut scenes . I wondered why were they hiding the game play ? I do n't care about some Hollywood reject making his pixelated story , I want to play.So , I gave it a chance by renting it , and it was pretty darn good . You 're in western area , reminiscent of HBO 's Deadwood . You travel town by town , participating in gun and horse fights with Native Americans and Cowboys alike . You also have side missions , like the Pony express , hunting a wanted criminal , playing poker , or stopping crime . The game play is neither frustrating , unintuitive , nor gimmicky . It 's basically a third person shooter where you can also ride on a horse.Despite my hatred of cut-scenes , the videos in this game provide the perfect compliment . Neither too long or too `` artsy '' , they give proper reason and explanation as to what mission you are on.The main complaint I hear from people is that it 's not very long . Technically , that 's not quite right . There is not much repetition . So , while the game only takes 10 hours for the story missions to be completed , about 8 hours is original gameplay . Most 15 hour games only really have 7-8 hours of original gameplay . Gun is actually nice enough to not let you repeat the same stuff over and over again.If you want a fun game to play , then this is really the best choice out there.Pros : Fun gameplayFMV and gameplay mixed in wellCons : Not very originalNot much to exploreDifficulty
 Not a bad game . The world itself is beautiful , often times finding myself in awe as I rode on horseback -LRB- which is extremely realistic -RRB- and gazed into the western sunsets ... The fighting is very good and fastpaced . Enemies are intelligent.I did not like the mission-style gameplay . I prefer open-ended RPG 's ... However , the missions were immersive and had different objectives.Easy learning curve , but not for children.Again , biggest plus about Gun was the voice-acting , story , and world . However , it 's extremely short for a game , and needed more of an open-ended feel . You literally need to stop and at the top of the screen it says , `` Continue `` here '' and talk to `` bob '' '' , completely ignore the message and continue to explore if you want to see anything other than where the missions take you.Just wish there was more advancement , but all in all , good game . Just not fantastic , would recommend to anyone as there are some very fun and exciting missions !
 I friends love Western themed games.I must say this got me glued to the PS2.It is not fair to say it is better than Red Dead Revolver.RDR had a lot of features that GUN did not . Eg
 Overall gameplay for this game is good . Aiming/shooting reticles are clear and precise . Physics are pretty good . -LRB- being thrown against the wall , or up into the air when you get hit with a sticck of dynamite is really cool , even though you are dead -RRB- the realism for the guns is pretty good , except for the final gun which you get for beating the game ... a shotgun that shoots 500 yards ? I dont think so . Horse physics are great and make the only source of transportation in the game much much better . Being able to shoot defensless animals -LRB- including , but not limited to
 This was one of the first games that I had played on the PS2 . I have had alot of fun with it ! There are a lot of possibilites , and you can really have alot of fun with it . The horses are cool , and with realistic moments . The guns are neat-o . And you are not restricted to ONE area of game play very often . You can go and wonder around ... Thats fun!Note to players , be sure to do ALL SIDE MISSIONS possible ! -LRB- Wanted posters , etc. . . -RRB- Very important!The only thing that I do n't really like is the swearing . There is n't a whole lot of swearing , but enough to make one roll their eyes . But that is the era that it is based in.Overall , this is a fun game worth the money !
 This is perhaps the best western themed game I 've ever played . The horseback riding is extremely well done ; I was expecting the horseback riding to have a tacked-on feel but it really was executed in a very playable manner . The list of things I liked is pretty long ; how the controls were done for the gun fights , how the missions were set up , how the action flowed , the scenary , etc. . Like others have said , this game is short compared to the big epic games like Final Fantasy X or GTA -LRB- it took me about 15-20 hours to finish all the missions -RRB- but I did n't feel cheated . The game delivered enough fun that I felt I got my moneys worth . The one complaint I have with this game , which is minor in light of all the other stuff that was done so well , is that the big story arc mission was out of place . I do n't want to spoil the big story arc so I ca n't go into details , but it felt like it should be in a different game . Everything else was western action in the theme of `` Deadwood '' or `` Unforgiven '' , but the big story arc felt more like `` Raiders of the Lost Arc '' - it was n't bad , it just did n't fit .
 Absolutely terrific game ! Includes great graphics and music , and , most important , an absorbing story that grabs you from the start . Gun was the kick-in-the-pants I needed after getting through the tedious first Splinter Cell . It 's as engrossing as the first Max Payne , and I hope -- though I doubt it 'll happen -- it eventually spawns a sequel .
 `` Gun '' is a very solid western game with `` grand theft auto '' style freedom to choose your missions and what you want to do . It has a great storyline , outstanding voice acting , smooth gameplay and very good graphics . Unfortunately , the game also feels a little too short and it never quite maximizes the western landscape . Some of the side missions will take you out into the country but a lot of the territory does n't have much to do with anything . Overall , this is a very good game and well worth your time . The fact that it leaves you wanting more probably says something about how good the gameplay is .
 This game is amazing . The cast is all-star , and the direction is completely out of any video game 's league.Violence and brutality are depicted as the bedmate of any Westerner , as one would expect with an M rated shooter named `` Gun . `` My only complaint , and I stress `` only , '' is the lack of replay value .
 Hey , if your in to westerns and like shoot 'em ups and a challenge then this is the game for you . This game rocks with many differant objectives and the graphics are great for the PS2 . In this game you will be on your toes trying to complete each task . The only thing I do n't like about the game is the theme music but over all this game is edictive and fun .
 I bought this for my brother and from I hear , he really enjoys it . I played it for a few minutes and it is fun . Has a GTA feel to it but a little harder to control -LRB- probably until you get used to the game -RRB- . For the price , I think it is probably worth picking up .
 I bought the game a day or two ago and i have beat it already . Yes it is a short game but it is so much fun . I have already started a new game on it . If you are one of the people who like to beat a game and then sell it this muight not be for you just go out and rent it but for me i keep all my games . Oh ya and i am not 13 or under 13 i am 15 im just to lazy to make an acount .
 I liked this game especially with Kris Kristofferson doing Ned 's voice ... -LRB- Should have had more of him in it -RRB- Gameplay is short , I beat it in less than a day . I liked it but like one other person said , you better have something else to play after this .
 this game is short and the side missions lack fun but the storyline like you have heard is great this a game that you really have to know the story or you wont sleep good at night vso just play it on easy and rent it so thats basiccicly it
 `` Gun '' is a Western-themed game that features a young cowboy , Colton White , on the search to discover the secrets of his past . The most impressive aspect is that the game is surprisingly detailed in its historical depiction of the `` Wild West '' . For example , the game shows the effects of railroad expansion on the American Indians , while also including the Chinese coolies that worked on these railroads . On the other hand , the geography is way off , as Colton can ride on horseback from Dodge City , Kansas to Empire , New Mexico in a matter of minutes.Of course , what really matters in a video game is how much fun it is to play and in this `` Gun '' receives fairly high marks . The game is primarily mission based . Colton must complete a variety of tasks both to advance the story line and to build up his stats through a series of side missions , such as riding the pony express and catching outlaws . I also enjoyed searching for gold mines . However , I wish the game allowed more free exploration . For example , the towns are full of buildings . But it 's really not possible to explore them except for the casino and a few others . The game is also a little on the short side . But still it 's a fun gaming experience that 's worth buying .
 Gun is a typical western , with guns , native americans , trains , horses , but what sets it apart from other westerns is the story . It brings a new life to the intense gameplay , diversive missions , and incredibly fun horseback combat and side missions . The voice acting is a piece of amazing work , as are the graphics -LRB- eccspecially cutscenes -RRB- . Buy this game if you 're old enough !
 For a PS2 game , this is game is very well done . It has a very short , but engaging story line and the graphics are superb -LRB- for a PS2 game -RRB- . You play as a lone , Western hunter who is on a journey to find the man who murdered his father . On the way , you help liberate towns , ride some horses , dig for gold , play some poker , escape -LRB- or shoot -RRB- gun-wielding bandits and corrupted law-men , and overall engage in activities that were common in the old west . If you love westerns and/or a good shooting game , this should be satisfactable .
 Fantastic game . Came sooner than expected as well , very happy with this order . One of the best ps2 games ever besides NFL street and Ratchet & Clank .
 I bought this game for my son and he really loves it . He would recommend it to his friends .
 Great game . good plot . easy even on hard mode . the only problem is that its way to short . 5 stars though for a fun game
 This game has a very well written story and great voice acting . I have actually played the game at easy difficulty just to watch the story unfold , like rewatching a good movie . The side missions take you away from the main quest line , but they give the feeling of a shootist living day to day in the old west . The side quests are also the way you improve your abilities . The main character has depth and his mysterious past is woven very nicely into the main story.I have heard friends complain that too much of the game is spent riding your horse from one place to another . I think they have no appreciation of exploration . Being from the west , I enjoy the western scenery depicted in the game . The only thing that could improve the game is a higher resolution .
 A must have game !!! Although its too short , money is worth it . The game is western-themed action adventure . You can complete the game in no time or you can take your time by playing pokers , chasing bandits , and so on .
 I was given Gun as a Christmas present several years ago . I have to say it is one of the best games I have every played . It is bloody , sexy , and gritty , exactly the way a western should be .
 This was one of the most fun games that I have ever played . Red Dead Revolver is good but the graphics and care taken in creating every movement of this game is so much better . It is rather short and that is my only derogative . Make sure that you play all of the side missions before going on to the next story section because if you do n't you will have a lot of just running around at the end which is not bad because there are so many places that you can go to search for gold and so forth . Number one favorite thing is the realistic movements . Have fun .
 Epic storyline . But be aware that I got stuck on easy . In other words , the game was the best western style game i 've played so far
 If u are looking for an authentic feeling western game then this is it . More of a modern-revisionist western than old spaghetti westerns but it is very fun . the story is a tale of revenge that takes you on an adventure thru the old west . the cut-scenes and graphics are really good . As for the game play , its very open ended . There are structured missions you will go on , but there 's also a number of other activities you can do ; mining gold , hunting , buying upgrades for weapons , horseback riding . There are side-missions too -LRB- like gta -RRB- to get your stats up.The game is really violent . That may be a pro or con depending on what u want . The character starts with three main weapons
 I 'VE PLAYED THIS GAME OVER AND OVER AGAIN . THIS IS ACTUALLY THE ONLY GAME I FINISHED . YOU CAN SAVE YOUR PROGRESS ANYTIME . VERY FEW GAMES , I FIND CAN BE PLAYED OVER AGAIN WITHOUT GETTING BORED . NOT THIS ONE . YOU CAN RIDE A HORSE , WHICH BY THE WAY ACTUALLY RIDES LIKE A REAL HORSE . SHOOT OUT THE BAD GUYS ON HORSEBACK . SHOWDOWNS , EVERYTHING YOU CAN ASK FOR IN A GAME . IT HAS A GOOD STORY TO IT . I WISH THERE WOULD BE A GUN 2 . GRAPHICS ARE VERY GOOD FOR A VIDEO GAME . YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE DUST WHEN YOU ARE RIDING A HORSE . YOU CAN CHANGE FROM 3RD PERSON TO IST PERSON SHOOTER . BETTER GAME THAN RED DEAD REVOLVER AND DEAD MAN 'S HAND FROM X-BOX . GREAT GAME , BUT FOR ADULTS . BLOOD , SEXUAL OVERTONES , MURDER . OR SUPERVISED BY AN ADULT . THANK YOU .
 You will not be dissapointed by buying this game ! If you like RPGs , Action , and/or Adventure games , you 'll love this one . There is soooooo much to do ! Even after you 've beat the game . With the huge maps , tons of free roaming space , and exciting side missions , you can play for hours without even starting the main mission . The sound and graphics are just about the best I 've ever seen ! The mian story is also awesome . It 's easy to follow and tons of fun to play ! Buy this !!!!!
 I am scratching my head as to why everyone thinks that Gun is such a terrible game . I bought it a few weeks ago at a reduced price , and I really enjoy the game . The graphics are quite nice , the voice acting is really good , and the gameplay itself is entertaining . I really enjoy the open Western environment in the game.Basically , Gun is structured like a Grand Theft Auto game in that once you pass the first few missions , you find yourself in an open environment that you are free to explore , take up side missions , or start the actual missions of the game . Some of the side missions include ranching , participating in the pony express , working as a bounty hunter and arresting or killing fugitives , playing Texas Hold 'Em at the saloon , and hunting wild game . Completing these missions will improve your characters ' abilities , such they do tie in to the overall picture.Gun features a Quickdraw mode of fire , which is essentially the same feature used in Max Payne which slows down gameplay and allows you to make precise targeted shots.Another feature I like about Gun is the fact that your character is able to buy weapons and items , such as weapon upgrades , to improve his overall strength . You earn money through completing missions and side missions , mining for gold , and winning at gambling.Many people complain that Gun is too short and that the overall story is not very in-depth . While there is some truth to this , you should not pass up your chance to play Gun now that it is reduced to $ 20 . In fact , this game is actually a steal at $ 20 . It is a much better game than people give it credit for .
 The game play is one of the best I have played . Everyone is correct , the game is to short and can be beat in a day . However , the characters and story line are the best part of the game . You have freedom to move around the `` world '' and engage in different tasks ranging from hunting to ranching . The weapons match that of the time so do n't expect anything fancy . Hoping that when the PS3 with blueray comes out that we will find a part 2 .
 Gun is n't a game that I would suggest you buy , the reason is that it 's pretty short . You can probably finish it in a week . The graphics are good and the sound is awesome on surround sound .20 weapons30 upgradesgood graphicshunting side missionlawmen side missionpony express side missionranch hand side missionbounties side mission44 gold to findenemies tear apartblood and gorepoker tournamentsnot a lot of story levelsinteresting storyinteresting charactersslow motion shooting with pistols
 This game was fun but just way to short but it is fun just to go around in the game they need a second game .
 I got this game today really cheap at Target for $ 24 bucks . I played it for about a hour and the graphics are pretty good . The gameplay is great for ex . when you press the L2 button everything freezes and you can kill people and things like crazy . Characters are good but not enough . You dont spend munch time with different characters . The weopons are okay but could have better selection . I give graphics a A - . Gameplay B + . Characters B - . Weopons B + . If you can find this game really cheap like I did I wouldnt hesitate to buy it . An okay game all around .
 yeah this game is a great buy , its a fun game and if you can seriously beat this game on easy , normal , hard and insane in seven hours and that includes dinner and bathroom breaks then i salute you .
 GUN is a hyped TPS it is devoped by the same team who brought us tony hawk . the game takes place in the 1890 's . in and during the old west near kansas in the begging the protraginst cole white a man who should be in the age range of , 24 , betwenn 29 is on a hunting game with his father . which is the basic tourtoul the abord a ship that is attacked by indins . the ship blows apart but cole survies after 3 days he wakes up at the edge of the lake or river or what not . that is i will not spoil the rest . but gun takes a lot if populrey elements and puts it in one game . examples include.slow mo shooting from max payne you can get this by nailing head shots or cool ways of killing . it works with only pistols . but with any other gun it would be to easy . it also goes to A FPS in the 10-15 seconds you use this.many mature aspects.while always a conteversy it is also populry . In GUN youll see a lot of it to . blowing a guys head apart and watching brain and tissue fly while the corpse . just sparys froming a puddle . scalping is what has gotten this game contercovsly . a sclap is when a person whos . dieing on the floor get 's a knife taken to to there neck . it 's excatrated to say the least . also if you kill a person with a cannon there limbs fly . so expect to see an arm or a leg after you blow up dynimyte of fire a cannon . there is also the abilty to set a person on fire or stab them with a knife while the are 100 % still alive and there idea of a epic cutscene is . haveing a mans fingers being blown off slitting thorats . shooting a man with a shotgun out a 3rd story window and sticking a rifle in a mans mouth and then ... . pulling the trigger . the language is not what is in GTA , the wariors , or the godfather . but it does keep a consistent flow of S and B words . the S word is used over a Dozen times . if you play through the game the B word will be used almost 50 times . the enemys death cry . is commanly you B ! #ch or Son of a B ! $ * hFREE ROAMGUN features 100 % free roam side missons included . the map is not that big with only 2 citys . but it is the old west . with no cars . or faster transportion then . a horse and buggy . but the horse is what you will be riding most of the time.epic storyline.the games story foucus on revange but interduces . implyed sexul acts . backstabbing twists . hearing amazing things . flashbacks . ETC saying that the voice acting is also gold thomas Janes voice as colton and pretty much everbodys voice . is done in true fashionthe things to complain about in GUN is the lack of online and being short the main game takes about 8 to 10 hours to finish .
 This is the best hunting game i have ever played . The weather , calls , tracking , animals , and weapons are the most realistic I have seen in a game to date.You hunt 3 deer , turkey , bear , moose , caribou , sheep , and elk . This is the game you need . Be careful though when i started playing for the first time i played for 10 hours staight it was so fun . If you buy 1 hunting game this year this is it and with the expansion pack it makes it all that much better .
 This game is great . I looked at several hunting games before i got this one . This one is by far the best . The variety of animals , weapons and regions is wonderful . I love how you can choose between a quick or complete hunt . The graphics are also some of the best out there . I also love the equipment you can choose from . It makes it much more realistic . If your into hunting games this is the one for you .
 Great game . I bought the first True Crime , and to tell you the truth it was dissapointing . This one totally made up for it . Think Tommy Vercetti of GTA mixed in with Alonzo Harris . This is less like the previous True Crimes , and more like the GTA series . You are Marcus Reed , gangster turned cop . After your mentor is killed you go on GTA like missions to avenge him . You , of course , can solve street crimes and clean up the 20 precincts of the city , doing so earns you points . You may extort , kill , maim , fight , and do anything you see fit to avenge your mentor . Their are litarelly hundreds of buildings and interiors that you can enter . You can buy different weapons , cars , fighting styles , clothes , haircuts , and even music . Plus if you find 10 pairs of Puma shoes , you get a full Puma track suit . You can choose to do missions for informants , but beware , this will lower your good cop rating . The ONLY bad part of the game is it has glitches galore , which anger me sometimes . This game also freezes from time to time so save often . In the end , if you like GTA , do n't hestitate to buy this gem of a game . It does away with the flaws of it 's predecessor and introduces many new things that make this game a great one . This is one of those games that will be on the best games of all time lists . The best game of 2005 .
 There is nothing quite as satisfying at the end of a long , difficult day , than to come home , turn on the TV , fire up whichever gaming console you prefer -LRB- in this case , Nintendo Gamecube -RRB- and beat-on/shoot-up any pedestrian you come across . `` True Crime
 If you own a GameCube , you must get True Crime New York City . It 's the next best thing to Grand Theft Auto Vice City and San Andreas . If you do n't have a Playstation 2 then this is your only alternative . But it 's not too shabby with a vast city to prowl around in and lots of action . You can play as good cop or a bad cop . This game , in my opinion , is highly underrated . It improves upon an already great game in True Crimes Streets of L.A. . You ca n't miss with this one !
 True Crime
 So many of the game reviews are picky . One of the biggest complaints about this game has been that it is the same old thing . Just like Grand Theft Auto . WHen was being like one of what is considered one of the best games ever been a bad thing ? That said , if you do n't like violence or profanity , avoid this game at all costs . It has both in spades . The game is very similar to the whole GTA vibe . Lots of free roaming action , lots of violence to innocent people , lots of what people loved from GTA . YOu can get more details from other reviews . The truth is if you are a churchgoer , avoid this game , it will do nothing to improve your spirituality . If you love GTA you love this game .
 Both games work great they got to me on time games started up fine never had a problem love playing bith true crimes games
 I ordered this game for my son and he enjoys playing it ... He likes the graphics ... the only thing downside is there is foul language in the game .
 This game is really fun . A great and far better sequel to ` Streets of L.A. ' Much more detail , player can do so much more and extremely better visuals . It does freeze from time-to-time . Just be sure to save often . But I 'm a Nintendo user . SNES to N64 to Gamecube to Wii . And this game is unlike any other available on Nintendo . I bought it used , around $ 13/shipped . Great investment . And to imagine this game is years old too !
 This game is awesome , the only thing that would make it better is improved graphics which I hear they have done in Formula 1 00 .
 Gun for the XBox lets you become Colton White , the 20-something gunslinger who is out to avenge his father while tracking down a mysterious object.In essence this is an action-RPG with you moving from mission to mission , learning more as you go , gaining skills and new weapons . Most missions involve shooting down waves of bad guys with your rifle or revolvers . There are numerous side missions , from pony-express relays to poker playing and tracking down wanted men.The game is pretty typical of its genre . Pony express missions involve `` go here ! No , go there ! Wait , go to a third spot ! '' within a time limit . Hunt-and-find missions abound . The plot is also pretty standard . You start with Colton and his `` dad '' out tracking some game . `` Dad wo n't last more than one mission , '' says I. Sure enough , in the very next area he 's slain . Life was cheap in the Old West.The graphics are sort of a mixed bag . On one hand they do n't look `` stunning '' in some parts , at least as high-quality as you 've come to expect from recent XBox releases . On the other hand , sometimes when you 're riding your horse across the desert and the sun is setting behind rock formations , it is simply * gorgeous * . I also have to comment that the horse movements are really nicely done . The way the horse 's muscles move and the various gaits are right on.The sound is reasonable . The voice acting is n't bad , and beyond that you just get the shot noises from the various guns . It 's not in your face , but really it does n't need to be . Being in the west was about being in a vast landscape with silence around you.There were a few glitches with the game . If bad guys were up on the second floor of a building , you could often see their shadows * through the floor * to know where they were . Also , the red dots on the mini-map to point out enemies was nice , but it also gave you a sort of xray vision to pinpoint their locations even if you could n't visually see them.I know this is a mature title , but I found the excess of blood spurting and obscene language to be a bit much . This was the Old West , and yes , there was blood . It does n't need to rain across the entire screen . Yes , they were cussers . But the language they used back then would have been different than some of what they say in the game . I 'd much rather have had authentic badmouthing than to have them use some of the nasty phrases the game features.That all being said , I did have a lot of fun playing this , even if at times it felt a bit like I was Link riding all over Hyrule doing my various quests . We 'll have to see what Gun for the XBox 360 is like next !
 Gun is a third person shooter for the XBOX . You play a gunslinger out to avenge the death of your father , who was murdered by outlaws . You go From town to town and accomplish missions which propell the story or take a side-quest to earn more money and develope your skills . The best way to describe this game , is Grand Theft Auto meets the old west . You have huge free-roaming levels . First let me get the negatives out of the way . When you travel through towns you will find NPCs -LRB- non player characters -RRB- walking about , chatting , there is even random crimes taking place . All these are nice touches and add the atmosphere of the gameplay , but the towns feel a bit empty . You will see rivers and lakes in the levels , but you can not go swimming . Walking to certain areas of the map will be blocked by an invisible barrier ; which subtracts from the fantasy . Although the game is free-form , there are a few linear missions , you have to finish through . Negatives aside , GUN this is still excellent and should not discourage you from making a purchase . There has so many fun things to do ; you can ride any horse that is not being used , you get an assortment of weapons like , pistols , rifles , shotguns , dynamite and bow with arrows . You can make stealthy kills with a knife and cut people 's throats , become a deputy keep the peace in town , be a bounty hunter and bring down outlaws , hunt bears or wolves , do side missions for other characters or just follow the storyline . There are a lot of elements which will remind you of GTA ; except of course you 're a cowboy instead of a gangster . Shootouts can be bloody at times as you can make headshots and blow people 's brains out . Kids should not be playing this ; for adults only . Hurting innocent people causes the law to come after you , but killing criminals is loads of fun -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . GUN can be exciting , or it can also be laid back if you choose to play that way . So if you like old west actions or western movies and wished a good game existed ; this is the one for you!Pros : + best cowboy game available + free roaming levels + excellent story + excellent voice actors + excellent level design + excellent action + excellent controls + excellent sound effects + excellent music + excellent A.I. + fun side quests + weapons can be upgraded + blood and goreCons ; - some towns feel a bit too emptyand needs more people-some levels are linear-a few areas have invisible barriersto prevent you from roaming too much-you can not swim .
 The overall gaming experience was great . The audio and graphics were excellent . The story line was superb but could have been longer . Some of the shortfalls of the game were as follows
 Fun . That is the only way to describe Gun . It 's opened ended , free-roaming western experience is truly one of a kind . The game perfectly portrays what life was probably like back in the old west . From bloody shootouts in the streets of Dodge City , to stealthily hunting wolves and bears in the plains and mountains , to riding horseback through Indian territory ; Gun offers a one of a kind experience that you have to play to believe.The gameplay is amazing . Gun puts you in the boots of gunslinger Colton White , a tough guy that is seeking revenge on the men who killed his father . Gun has an epic story running throughout the game . Playing as Colton White , you will get to see what life was like in the bloody west . The game offers both thrilling mission objectives as well as easy , but exciting side missions to earn some extra cash . You will easily know where to go to continue on with the main missions as well as be pointed in the direction of side missions . The main missions offer various objectives , with a wide variety ranging anywhere from basic escort missions to prison breaks . The side missions have a huge variety
 Gun beats out Red Dead Revolver as best western game . Gun 's graphics are very nice , the quick draw feature is intriguing and involves much skill , and the slow motion fighting option -LRB- ca n't remember its name -RRB- is also cool . The storyline is entertaining enough , but as other reviews have noted the world overall is small . The ablity to perform side missions is a nice way to increase stats but you will have to sacrifice entertainment to do so , as the side missions get old very quickly . The game itself is very well put together and very much worth the money .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST WESTERN GAMES EVER !!! Very goood story line , great graphics , very very good game play , cheat at pocker , ride arround do different missions , and different jobs for a honest day work , postal office , rope up horses , herd up cattle , play pocker . Great story line good ending , great play not too hard not too easy , does n't get easier in the end , great choice of weapons , sneak and use throwing knife to kill or even a bow arrow use your sniper rifle to shoot down a man about to be hang . Plus weapon upgrades . I still love this game and can play it over and over . A year since I last played it and it is still just as good .
 this game has subtle hints of `` the good the bad and the ugly '' in it . Your character is similar to clint eastwood 's `` blondie '' character in his italian western movies . its a lot of fun to play . like grand theft auto , you do n't have to do only missions and there is a free roam . you can buy guns , knives , whiskey ... its alot of fun to play . alot of missions ot choose from . the gore is hilarious . BUY IT
 Set in the untamed West of the late 1800 ' 2 , Gun is a free-roaming action-adventure game that takes you to a world without laws - where greed , lust and murder are rampant . As colton white , a vengeful gunslinger , you must straddle the line between good and evil in a showdown against corrupt lawmen , a murderous preacher , renegade army psychopaths , merciless outlaws and relentless warring tribes . Along the way you 'll wage war on horsback , collect bounties and protect whores . Travel though an action-packed landscape of high mountain wilderness , deserts and bustling territorial towns in an epic story of betrayal , greed and revenge.Gun is such a good game and it is very addicting . What makes the game so great is the liberation . The game lets you really be free and you feel like you really re a part of the game . The landscapes of the game are like no other . It really is unbelievable when you play in the landscapes . They are built so well to match the time of the 1800 's . The landscapes are huge but the game doesnt have that bad problem where you must travel a lot , all the missions are in a certain area until you move to the next area . The landscapes hold mountain ranges , forest and woods , deserts , farms , towns and more . Now you can do whatever you want to do the story missions then do them , if you want to do side missions and other things do them , like i said you 're totally free i nthis game . I 'll get to the story-line in a minute , the side missions and other stuff you can do in the game are great and it keeps the game worth playing after you did the story-missions . SIDE MISSIONS : Pony Express - In these side missions you use your horse to deliver items from place to place in an alloted time.Ranching - Earn some money and hone your horse riding skills by helping local farmers corral up their livestock.Bounty Huntng - Catch outlaws dead or alive and bring them to the bounty store and get some money.Mining - Go hunting for gold , gets you good money.Poker - Play a game of poker with a bunch of local gamblers at the saloon.Keep the Peace - Help out the local deputies by stopping trouble before it starts and flushing out the bad guys in each town.Hunting - Go out into the wilderness and hunt some animals.Rescue - Rescue hostages from outlaws and take out bandits to keep people safe.Now if you want to do the story-line missions , they are great . The story line is excellent and keeps oyu wanting to play the game . You are a gunslinger , Colton White , and you go hunting with your father one day . Both of you come across a ship and you board it . Just then the ship gets attacked by an indian tribe and you start fighting them off with your father . Your father tells you to get off the boat . You tell him no and he tells you he really is n't your father and he pushes you off . The ship blows up and your so called father dies . Before he pushed you off he told you to go to dodge city and ask for Jenny . Now you are on your own in an adventure for revenge and searching for answers on who you really are . The story line is great as you go on through the game but the only problem is that its way too short . You can easily beat the game in one night without the side missions , especially since it is addicting . Throughout the story there are a lot of fun duels with gunslingers and what not . You can get plenty of guns like pistols , rifles , shotguns , melee , grenades , bows , and sharpshooters . You can also use quickdraw where you slow down time letting oyu be able to shoot many enemies.This game is so good and i highly recommend you buy it , if not rent it . If you think you are going to be doing the side missions then buy the game , but if you didnt like what i told oyu about the side missions and you just want it for the amazing story then just rent it because it is incredible short . Gun is rated M for Mature
 This was a great game but it was too short . You start off as Colton White , hunting wild game with your father Ned as part of a tutorial -LRB- throughout the rest of the game there is a tutorial to guide you along -RRB- . You board a steam ship to take care of some business when its ambushed and your dad pushes you overboard saving your life but not before telling you `` I ai n't your father '' . He also tells you to go to the Alhambra in Dodge city . From then on the main storyline is to avenge your father , find out what those guys on the steamboat were after , and ultimately who you really are . But there are also side missions like pony express , hunting wild game , bounty hunting , deputy missions , ranch hand etcThroughout the game the side missions help to boost your stats like your horse riding skills or quick draw as well as to earn cash so you can buy weapons and abilities upgrades . Quickdraw is very useful it allows you to slow down time and pick off enemies one by one until the meter runs out . You can extend the meter by getting upgrades.I found my horse to be a useful weapon also . Trample your enemies or break down doors with your horse . They are more than just transportation ! But be warned as your enemies will try to shoot your horse to bring you down , making you an easier target . It 's also useful to do the same to your enemy , especially in bounty hunting missions where you want to take them down but bring them in alive for more cash . The graphics were nice and theres lots of wide open spaces to ride your horse . But while roaming the wild west you might randomly be attacked by some bandits.The voice acting was good also , there was Kris Kristofferson and literally the voice of Chucky -LRB- Reverend Reed -RRB- . The characters also speak in old west slang -LRB- how often have you been asked in real life if you have true grit ? -RRB- but not so much so that you do n't understand what they mean.I did find some of the missions to be too easy or short so I recommend playing the game on the hard level . Also , There was lots of open space to ride my horse and not enough towns , camps , ruins , etc to explore . I was also disappointed with the AI interaction . I expected townsfolk to speak etc when my character rode or walked past but the most I got was they rolled out of the way of my oncoming horse . The townsfolk do interact with eachother however . You may wander across a shoot out but if you join in you end up testing the town 's patience . And when the town 's patience runs out a posse gathers and we all know what happenes when the posse comes to town ... The one major flaw I had with the game was its length . It was over too soon . There were lots of side missions and not enough missions for the main story line . It is important to not ignore the side missions , because although some are just for fun -LRB- like playing poker -RRB- they are actually the main filler of the game as well as good for improving your stats and earning money for upgrades . After you finish the main story line you get a few new weapons and you 're free to roam from town to town and do whatever you want . So if you did n't finish all side missions like mining gold , then go ahead .
 One of the best strategy real time games next to The Lord of the Rings
 Wow this game is so fun really short though . one of my favorite parts is if u shot an enemy but do n't kill them and they are lying on the ground u can buy a scalple to cut the top of there head off at the end of the game u can get a 7 bareld shot gun nice/sorry about the typos , just got off a chat room
 This is a prety good game.I havnt liked 2 many western shooters including dead mans hand and red dead revolver wasnt bad but it wasnt the greatest.This game is done very well and has excelent new features and horse bak riding is done very well.The story is a little bit plaine alot like red dead but its stil done prety well . The shooting couldnt be done any beter and is realistic with locations that you shoot the enemy.The graphics could be beter but ther not bad and there is good character details and many stars that lent ther voices to GUN.This is overal a good game with not many flaws its not good enough 2 buy for 50 $ but is well worth a rental , it is by far the best western shooter to date .
 The game is so shebanging completely far out brothers a must buy for all seeking to find a place in life wurd up
 Gun is a great game . In fact , it 's one of my favorite 3rd person shooter/action games ever . The story is great and the characters are believable . The gameplay is exciting and the controls are surprisingly easy to get the hang of . The environment , one expansive lever with different areas -LRB- much like GTA -RRB- , is teriffic.Pretty much the only drawback to this game is it 's brevity . After about 5 hours , you 're done with the story and you 've beaten the game . This is n't how it 's supposed to be , however . Neversoft has packed the game full of side missions that are fun and expand on the character and his skills . Unfortunately , this is n't really emphasized during the story and therefore the average gamer will skip over these in favor of continuing the story , especially since the story is so great . So once the story is completed , you are left to roam the environment freely and complete these missions . It 's not as bad as it sounds , really . The missions include , hunting missions , ranchhand missions , pony express missions , poker tournaments , and even more . And let 's not forget the ability to just run around starting gunfights in the cities . That too is a great way to waste time.I 'd say this game is a rental . It does n't seem to me as if the gameplay could be exciting past a week of continual play and definitely no more than a month . Still , it is a great game and without a doubt , worth playing .
 I 'm blown away by this game . THe graphics , the story , the voice-acting , the controls . There really is n't anything bad about this game.If I HAD to find something to gripe about -- it would be that the `` open-environment '' could be larger , and the story could be less-linear . Other than that , this is a perfect game.THE GAME OF THE YEAR , folks . You wo n't be disappointed . It 's essentially `` Grand Theft Auto
 Well I will tell you exactly what I think . First off I would like to say this is the best western game out there considering its one of the few out there . You have a pretty good ammount of weapons to use like rifles , shotguns , and even bows . The graphics are great and the controls are also good . You can always find a horse near you to ride around the pretty big map anytime.The problem with this game is it gets boring too fast . The storyline is really short and when you do complete it you have nothing to do . Well maybe not nothing because you can do various jobs around the town for some cash but that gets boring really fast . It would be cool to see other people riding horses around not just the bad guys . Anyway as a conclusion I recommend renting this game only . Trust me buying it will be a big mistake it will collect dust after you beat it .
 Fun game , difficulty level is up to you . Nice change of pace to the prominent War Movie genre that has taken over the industry in past 3 years ... It 's also a change from HALO/AdventRising , which makes it refreshing ... A great RENT ... not a purchase -LRB- too short and no replay value if you do it right the first time since there is no time limit to storyline -RRB-
 This is a great game . I bought this game for my boyfriend and he ca n't put it down . It 's very realistic and the graphics are good . Not recommended for children under 17 yrs .
 My brother recommended me to buy this game for my husband so I did . It 's a lot of fun . I 'd definitely recommend it !
 This game arrived in excellent condition along with the box and instruction guide . This is an awesome `` old western '' style game the likes of which I wish the industry would produce more of . Character controls are fluid and easy to learn and master . My only qualm with this game is that it is so short . Overall it is a great game .
 This is the only western game that I own and I have to say that it is well worth the time playing . There is nothing like riding horses out west , collecting bounties on somebodys head and doing the pony express missions . The story lines to the main missions are really well done . I can play this game from start to finish over and over again . I forgot to mention that there is plenty of blood in this game , something that you would n't see in a western movie . Once you are complete with every mission there really is nothing left to do , unless you want to shoot up a town to start a showdown which wo n't last very long . You are even left over with alot of money and once you buy every available item there is nothing left to buy not even a farm or a house .
 I do n't like western movies . Mostly because they 're boring and not very interesting to watch . The only western movie I actually liked was 3:10 To Yuma , it was an enjoyable movie that every moviegoer should see . Gun is one of the only western games ever made , and there are reasons for that -LRB- a.k.a. the porno game Custer 's Revenge for Atari 2600 -RRB- . Gun seems to want to be GTA , except in the Old West , and it could have been a spectacular one if developer Neversoft had worked out some kinks in the design choices . Regardless , Gun is an enjoyable romp of a third-person shooter . It 's no Resident Evil 4 , Max Payne or Advent Rising , but it 's fun.WHAT THE GAME IS
 This is a fantastic game . A little short , but outstanding . I 've played it all the way through at least 3 times already .
 No complaints here , enjoyed it mostly the whole western seen somewhat short but maybe thats because i was enjoying playing . . a good get ...
 My only complaint is it 's alittle short . everything else is great .
 I got this game for my brother as a late birtday present , i did hear good things about it but i never expected it to be as great-yes i used the word great - and it is truly one of the better third person shooters of 2005 . The story is great and keeps the game in tact . You have 20 weapons to master - from the pistol class , rifle class , shotgun class , melee class , thrown class , bow class , and the sharp-shooter class . With all these weapons , you always find a new to kill or annilhate your enemy . Though the game is short , and i mean short-you 'll get it done in about 5 hours , there are side missions and that 's half the fun . Poker , pony express and wanted posters are jsut some of the side missions . They are n't endless though and after you finish evrything you ` lll have NOTHING to do . this is a great and undoubtly the best western game EVER but it still had a way to go in the replay department . It 's 29.95 and 8hours -LRB- with the sidemissions included -RRB- of gameplay , you feel you over paid just a little bit . It 's a great step and everyone seems to know Neversoft -LRB- okay maybe you do n't but you should -RRB- - they are the creators of the Tony Hawk games . So , with this game being compd to GTa and other game this is what i ahve to say
 I 'm only a 3rd of the way into the game and I can tell you that it 's worth getting especially with the price dropping off.The graphics are nice ... the motion while riding the horses are real and get faster with experience . The area for roaming -LRB- searching for GOLD -RRB- is decent . You 're not playing `` OBLIVAN '' now are you and you 're most likely traveling via HORSEBACK so it ; s plenty big.The side missions are farely easy but they are interesting . For ex ; the Pony Express and Texas hold 'em card games and Bounty Huntin . Of course you can always choose one of the 4 levels ofgameplay from easy to Killer ... I did n't think that it would be this much fun . I 'm Looking forward to Gun 2 !!! This game is being overlooked just like Psychonauts . And , it 's a western , ` bout time !
 We originally rented this game from a video store and our 2 boys LOVED playing it soooo much that we wanted to buy it for them . They have almost completed the whole game ALREADY ! Thank you !
 I had Trouble At The Begining But Flew Thro The Rest Of The Game Very Fun And Additing I Rate This Game With All 5 Stars
 I have played this game before and the game is fun but I bought this game and I still ca n't get it to work and I bought brand new !!!
 After starting this game I just could n't stop . It 's a fairly addicting game and the graphics squeeze every ounce of quality out of the Xbox engine . Most of the game looks amazing especially the opening sequence and a few other cut scenes . I believe that if the game had made every cut scene look as good as these few cuts then it would have just added to the overall good quality of the look of the game . The short cut scenes where you talk to people before missions look terrible and there are some short moments of silence while the characters are still moving and looking like they are talking and every character has the same movements . A minor and maybe personal annoyance but I believe people expect more this late in the Xbox gaming world.The missions and game play are pretty fun and challenging while not being frustrating . One minor complaint , on the map on the HUD I wish it would n't constantly show you where to go for the main story missions , if it 's a free roaming game it should n't tell you where to go all the time , or have an option where you could turn that off.The button layout is well done and easy to learn and remember.I think all of the voice acting is pretty good except Kris Kristofferson 's Ned . His voice acting seems flat and emotionless in some parts kind of like in several movies he is in . He has a great voice do n't get me wrong but he seems uninspired in his role . Some of the character animation seems rushed or not fully developed and well as some of the design of the game which may be due to Neversoft having a deadline for an Xbox 360 launch.Overall , Gun is a great looking game with some flaws with fun game play . I would get the Xbox or PS2 versions and get save 10 bucks and not get the 360 version . I doubt it would look all that much better . A better renter or Xbox 360 .
 This is truly the best western game I have ever played.Great graphics , great characters w / great backgrounds , greatcontrols , great engine , good story !! This game will grab you from the get-go . Right off the bat , this game will amaze you with it 's cinematic presence , greatvoice acting , great character depth , and catchy story . Andthe Gameplay is perfect ! Flawlessly setup for pure entertainment . Bust out your rifle and take head shots fromlong range . Come across a group of enemies and light em all upusing `` Quick draw mode '' . One of the most ingenius modes ever induced into a western video gamethat captivates true quick draw ranger action . With this mode , time slows down to a slow heart-beat tempo where you optimally plug enemieswith your pistol simply by aiming in slow time or using the right thumb-stick to target lock on an enemy and thenlight em up with your iron . Keeptapping the thumb-stick left of right until you plugged all enemies in sight before they can get their weapon out of their holster . It 's a lot of fun . Use the Rifle or Snipe for long range . Throw some cock-tails or sticks of dynamite to clear out an area . Come in with `` quick draw '' or use your hatchet to slice them open at close range . Finish them off with a scalping , Native American style . It 's all here and it 's very well-balanced action . The formula and engine are a lot fun . Sneak around a corner , plug an enemy or two creeping behind crates or on top of a roof or behing the bar or on his horse and you haveyourself a bon a fied western.Graphics
 i think the n-gage is a great phone because it is so easy to use and it looks well nice and the only bad thing is that it is quite hard and un cufortable to talk to your friends on
 The N-Gage is great for listening to RealPlayer or mp3 files . I also use it for taking notes and having access to my Outlook info.I have only 1 game and it 's fun to play but I almost never do since I keep the MMC card installed instead .
 Im very impressed with it . I Have nothing to say about it but Wow . Amazing YOU HAVE TO BUY one . Anyone who says there too expensive are probably poor and If they say Ill lose the games there probably 2 years old . THE N-GAGE ROCKS !!!!
 First , wow ! This is one excellent piece of equipment . Here are the things it can do.a.Play video ! This works well , and you can format any kind of clip to play on the N-Gage with free software Nokia provides.b.Play Music ! It plays mp3s , and works well beyond expectation.c.Play Games ! The games are INCREDIBLE ! I recently acquired several , and they are much better than the Gameboy games , more functional , and they suit anyone . Another wonderful games feature it Java . Any java games works like a charm with the N-Gage ! Simply download a file manager , and play them . You can find unlimited unique java games for endless FREE fun.d.Make Calls ! The N-Gage comes standard unlocked unless signed with a contract , and so you can buy a sim card and talk away . The reception is nice , no problems there.e.Expands ! The N-Gage can accept standard MMC cards , so you can have near unlimited space when you buy them.f.Charges ! This wonderful device charges , well , almost too well . After running out of batteries , you simply plug it in , give it about and hour or so , and its full up again.g.It can read e-Books also , for those of you who like to do this , and they also play well.Overall I give it an A + + + + + + , and you can not go wrong with it , even if you drop it .
 Let me start by saying how underestimated this phone is , people keep saying it sucks ... Why hate it , i mean , not every other phone can : - Play full video-play mp3 's -LRB- act as a complete MP3 Player -RRB- - play Tony Hawks ProSkater in full 3D ! - plug in USB and start transfering!Plus it has practically everything you can imagine in a phone nowadays apart from 65K color and a camera . It even has bluetooth and FULL USB connectivity -LRB- plug your phone into the computer and tranfer anything ! -RRB- . It supports MMC -LRB- memory cards -RRB- too . And let me tell you how much I hate it when people whine about the fact that you have to pop open the lid to replace a game cartidge , because only hardcore gamers will need to switch several games every no and then cuz most people only have one game or something .
 The N-Gage is a great everything . the games are displayed is good grapical detail . The internet browser is excetionally good and clear to see on the ngage 's screen . the phone also has a bulit in MP3 player and a FM radio . you can also record songs from off the radio onto a memory card.The only fault i have with it is that it has no camera but i knew that before i bought it and i glad i bought it . so in conclusion if you want a cell that can entertain you and you realy do not mind about it -LRB- ngage -RRB- not being able to take pictures this is the right phone to puschase .
 I 've had a couple different cellphones and this is by far the best one i 've ever had . This thing is compareable to my PC at home . I play all sorts of games , listen to the radio , watch TV shows and movies , store and play tons of MP3 's , and O'Ya , I talk on the phone with it . If your willing to do a little research on N-gage forums this phone/computer can be your best friend . I would have paid 3 times of what I did if I would have known i could have got it to do all this stuff . Its really an amazing piece of equiptment .
 the n-gage is the best phone for kids that are 12,13,14,15 years old.the grapics are good.it is not that big what people say . my advice is if you want to by a GBA or a phone by the n-gage or n-gage is you do n't like music .
 I love it I play with it probably 8 hours a day in the car everywhere . You cant go wrong with the buy .
 A great collection of bilard games in 3D to help you refine your eye and geometery skils .
 The game is fun like on tv but I think for what they can do with graphics they could have done better Howie 's hands are a a little too big .
 My son and I love the television show so I knew we would love the game . I could n't find it anywhere in town so I ordered it from Amazon . It 's a really fun game and my only complaint is that the graphics are a little dissapointing . I felt that there could have been more spent on the graphics . Howie looks a little weird how he 's drawn . Other than that I would recommend this game for purchase .
 very addictive game you have to be a huge fan of the show i bought the game for my wife and she enjoys playing it this game is the bomb you got ta buy this game for mom for mothers day also the price is right is also fun to play both games are at a resonable price this game is for anyone who enjoys playing video games
 Just as the TV versions for day and night time , this game keeps you on edge until you decide ` deal or no deal ! '
 Love this game and play it several times a day . One fault is Howie repeats himself to many times . Good game .
 I like this game quite a bit it is set up exactly like the tv version plus you get a few extra games that are n't bad either . I would have to agree that the graphics are n't all that impressive but besides that it is exactly what I wanted !
 I just love this game . You never know what you are going to do at any moment . My 3 yr . old and 5 yr . old grandsons love to play this game also It 's just alot of fun
 I bought this as a gift for my husband 's 12 year old sister . She seemed excited to get it and enjoys playing it . No first hand experience , though .
 The game was just as described . The game arrived in just a few days just as I was told . Thank you .
 This game actually does the tv show justice . It 's amazing how much of Howie Mandel 's voice there are able to squeeze onto the cartridge . If your a fan of the show this is the best version for on the go players !!
 I wish the animation was a little better . Other than that this is a fun game .
 I BOUGHT THIS THINKING THIS WOULD BE A FUN QUICK GAME TO PLAY BUT HAVE FOUND OUT THAT IT TAKES SOME TIME TO GET THREW THE GAME . HOWEE LOVES TO COMMENT ON EVERYTHING AND THERE IS A LOT OF PAUSES THAT ARE THERE TO MAKE IT FEEL MORE DRAMATIC . THE GRAPHICS GRANTED I DID NOT EXPECT TO BE GREAT CONSIDERING THE SYSTEM WERE JUST HORIABLE AND BLURRY ESPICALLY WHEN THEY CHARACTERS WERE MOVING . ALL AND ALL NOT A BAD GAME .
 I received Deal or No Deal for the DS and everything was a promised . This is a Christmas Present and has not been played yet .
 Hi - Your Deal or No Deal was a big hit on our vacation . It helped us pass the time in the car and in some of our cabins which had limited tv selections . The adults enjoyed it as much as the kids . thank yousharon w
 Bought this for my 12 yr old niece and not only does she love it , so do all the adults . A great game . Hours of fun !
 I found this game to be a lot of fun . However , the graphics could be improved on .
 there was no problem with my game . . i 'm sure the $ million changes on every game ... i tried the numbers that people were experiencing ... and it was never the same . i guess the glitch has been fixed . . its not bad ! a nice game to ease the time away ... i enjoy playing it . . it does get a bit slow . . then i press the `` a '' button & it passes by so i 'm happy so far
 This is a Brand new Game . It was reasonably price . I would highly recommend to a friend ! Thanks for the great game !
 Very happy with this game . I recieved this product when they said I would . I would recommend to other buyers .
 My son plays this game when he wants a change from his other games . He would recommend it to others . .
 This game is very good for children 6 - 12 years , they liked since they played on most arcades but this is for Nintendo DS
 This game is identical to the tv game , however I found it to be a bit on the slow side , allowing howie too much talk time
 Anyone old enough to remember when the Wild Arms series first debuted on these shores know what to expect from the series by now . A quirkiness-laden story and characters , a western-esque setting , and some tried and true , classic turn based RPG gameplay . Wild Arms 5 begins as a mystery unfolds , and as every other RPG features in it 's story , there 's team-up 's , power up 's , level-up 's , amnesia , random encounters , and just some overall wackiness that you 've got to see for yourself . The game features some great looking character models -LRB- particularly during battles -RRB- , but the backgrounds are incredibly bland . Not to mention that it is worth noting that Wild Arms 5 also suffers from `` annoying sound byte syndrome '' , which this has in spades . The game is also not very lengthy -LRB- clocking in at 25 to 30 hours of total gameplay -RRB- and has some very forgiving difficulty , yet there is something about this game which seperates it from the pack -LRB- well , mostly -RRB- . The goofy , charming , and overly enjoyable story , dialogue , and characters make Wild Arms 5 more than worth checking out , and depending on your level of RPG playing , you should get at least some sort of enjoyment out of it at the very least . All in all , Wild Arms 5 may not offer anything necessarily new to an incredibly well worn genre , but it 's still worth a look for RPG buffs .
 As a fan of the Wild Arms series , and , having been somewhat disappointed in `` 4 '' I was quite surprised to find that 5 , while sticking with the `` grid '' system went back and carved back to its ' roots from the first 3 , its ' as if they finally dug in and got what made these `` Japanese Westerns '' so special in the first place.Without giving away spoilers I can say this is one of the first ps2 games I actually enjoyed `` replay '' on as even by simple story-wise it makes sense , though , it would have made it even better if by some `` replay '' you can change a little of your ending , as some games may do , nothing excessively drastic , but , it is what it is.I enjoyed it , which , though I finished 4 , is a long stretch because of the `` grid '' system having been so darn slow-paced in 4 , in this one it is sped up considerably making it feel a lot more like a western than a bad tactics ' game.For those who like the first 2 -LRB- even the 3rd -RRB- Wild Arms , story-wise this one finally picks up what was missing in 4 and gets it quite well done by the pacing and character followings ' . Unfortunately , like all the recent Wild Arms ' , the ending will not leave you `` Happily Ever After '' as the first 2 , think more along the lines ' of the pace that 3 set , not depressing entirely but not entirely satisfying , which is both good and bad.Would recommend for RPG and Wild Arms ' fans ' alike .
 Taking a cue from SQUARE / ENIX , XSEED 's philosophy has been to re-invent the series anew with each installment . Game , publishers can get away with this only when they are some of the best of the best . And thankfully , XSEED has proven itself to be in this category yet again . Quite simply , Wild Arms 5 is to Wild Arms 4 what Gundam Seed is to Gundam Wing ...
 You 've got to hand it to the Wild Arms series . They definitely do things differently than several RPGs . If you 're looking for an RPG that 's just all around different then Wild Arms 5 is actually a treat . It does n't reach as high as it could , though , but at least it does reach higher than most RPGs would dare to reach , and does a lot of things quite differently and out of tradition for RPGs.Wild Arms 5 has a fairly simple story . Dean is a guy who loves exploring ruins . He 's a Golem-Hunter , but he 's tired of being cooped up in his town . When adventuring with his friend Rebecca , an arm suddenly falls from the sky . Clasped inside the arm is a girl named Avril . She only mentions something from the past but Dean has no clue what it means . Despite that he decides to investigate anyway . And in true RPG fashion , no one stops him . It 's a simple story , but it has its own charm.There 's not a lot of character development going on in the storyline , though . For the most part , you like the characters , but you really wish you could learn more about them . This has usually been the case with all the Wild Arms games . It 's no different here . Most of the dialog is good at least . However , despite the games well written dialog , its attempt at humor do n't always succeed , and in some spots it hurts the dialog . In spite of all that , the game is fun.Part of what makes Wild Arms 5 interesting is that it really does do a whole lot of things different from your traditional RPG . You 've got your traditional things like battling , dungeons to explore and a myriad of sidequests to go about . But a lot of this stuff is n't presented to you in a traditional way . You 'll go exploring through dungeons , but Wild Arms 5 throws tons and tons of puzzles your way , and a lot of them are actually complex and well done . Some are so mind numbing that you 'll actually need a strategy guide for them . Another thing WIld Arms 5 manages to throw in is that the game will always inform you of what room your in as well as always letting you know when you 've been through a door in a dungeon and whatnot . Throughout the dungeons you 'll also get hints as to what to do next . In terms of dungeon crawling , Wild Arms 5 is all around different . The only games similar to it are other Wild Arms games.There 's also a platforming element going on . To get through some dungeons you 'll have to jump and crouch . Not only that , but in each dungeon there are Sol Nigers . When you destroy these things , you 're given the chance to completely turn off the random battles within the dungeon . A nice feature that can go a long way.It 's neat to have all these things within Wild Arms 5 , but a lot of it makes dungeon crawling a cakewalk . Getting hints , always knowing where to go without having to explore for yourself . At times , it can feel like your hand is being held.The HEX Battle system from Wild Arms 4 returns here . Much like Wild Arms 4 there 's a deep strategic feel going on here . You 'll move characters around to let them attack the enemy , and your enemy also moves around a lot . There are seven hexes in each battle , arranged randomly . The beauty of this battle system is how you can manipulate it and change things up . For example , you can cast a status effect on a HEX and any time someone -LRB- friend or foe -RRB- moves to that HEX they are affected with the status effect in question . Likewise , if they move off that HEX they 're no longer afflicted . You can use this to your advantage , but so can your enemy . More than one person can stand on a HEX as well , and how far or close you are to an enemy does matter.There are also Ley points . These are the elemental factors at work , that help to alter the weaknesses and strengths of those who stand in these hexes . For example if someone stands in a blue ley point they will take less damage from water based attacks , deal more damage with water based attacks , but at the same time they 'll take more damage from fire based attacks , which is the weakness . It 's a great battle system to mess around with . The only real problem with Wild Arms 5 is that it 's disturbingly easy to take advantage of the system . The game is all around easy . Your enemies often do n't take advantage of the hexes the way you will . Also , you 're healed after battle . There 's almost no challenge present . Some battles are also just slow going.As with any RPG , character customization is key and Wild Arms 5 has mediums at work . Mediums allow your characters to perform more actions in combat or give them bonuses . Mediums will give you magic and skills . Like the ability to steal from your enemies or to cast spells . Some even give you the ability to change Ley points on the Hex . There 's a lot to it , yet it 's pretty simple to learn on the whole.In terms of visuals , Wild Arms 5 is n't a bad looking game , but it 's really not good looking either . It 's colorful and there is some neat attention given to certain points , but for the most part , it 's bland looking . The artwork is something to appreciate , though . The game runs pretty smoothly as well . The game also has some great music to help move things along.Wild Arms 5 is definitely different . There are plenty of elements done here to make the game stand out . This is not your typical RPG by any means . These elements actually make Wild Arms 5 a treat . The story is n't anything special , but it 's not bad either . If anything , the biggest hit against Wild Arms 5 is that it is n't difficult at all and it holds your hand a lot.Pros : + A well crafted battle system + Dungeon designs are well done , full of fun puzzles to solve + The ability to turn off random encounters -LRB- upon meeting certain conditions -RRB- is cool + Tons of sidequests and optional bosses + Great soundtrackCons : - Despite the likeable characters , there 's not much development-The game is way too easy-A few pitiful attempts at humor-It can feel like the game is holding your hand at times
 Wild ARMs 5 is a good game and a whole lot of fun . It 's not particularly original , but it takes some of the best elements from each game in its series and blends them together into a quality offering that should appeal to those who 've long been a fan . For those who have n't , the fifth game is almost certainly their best bet for an introduction into the world of Filgaia . There 's still a lot of room for improvement with this series , but after a few disappointing entries , it 's refreshing to have one that gets things so much more right overall .
 The story within Wild ARMs 5 borderlines on the last good story from the Wild ARMs series back when Wild ARMs 2 was released . This story involves a lot of things , comedy , drama and tragic events . The combat system is taken from Wild ARMs 4 , which I did n't really care for since I mainly play JRPGs . The graphics are pretty good -- similar to Wild ARMs 4 though yet faster -- and the world map makes its comeback in this game.If you want to get into Wild ARMs series , this one is a good start -LRB- if you play it all the way through . -RRB-
 I am an avid RPG player . I had just gotten done playing the FF XII game , when I moved on to WildArms 5 . At first I was like . . WTH is this ? It seemed too simple and Lame . I got trhough an hour of it and started to get into the game play and battle system . Than I really got into the story . It is much more involved in story and actions than the FF game was . You feel much more part of the game . AS game play progressed , I had trouble walking away to do the other things I needed to do . . Like eat ? I have n't had so much fun playing an RPG in a long time . The last game I played that I lost myself in play was FF X. Though if anyone has n't played Bard 's Tale . . Its good for a laugh .
 We own and have played hundreds of rpg games . The older Wild Arms games are better than the newer versions in the series . It is a decent game , however the new `` hexagon '' feature is off putting.During battles your people will each take a position in the hexagon and take their turns . Its a little strange , and doesnt feel like the same game series.Overall if you are a fan of the series you may still enjoy it , but it strays from the normal path a bit .
 5 star rating great game series and very interesting story , great battle gameplay . this game is perfect for rpg players all around the world .
 This game is fun , cute , hours of play , and it has unique thing only available to it.That said I do not love the battles but I deal .
 I 'm a fan a Wild Arms Series -LRB- 1,2 for PS . 3,4,5 for PS2 -RRB- and this Wild Arms 5 is amazing !!! It 's a must have for Wild Arms fan . Hope they will release the Wild Arms 6 on the PS3
 Gamecube is the best deal to go with right now especially now it comes with 4 great games but my only complaint is my favorite zelda game is n't on here . Oh well I have it on GBA and can play it through a GB Adapter . Only thing that beats Gamecube is XBOX but it doesnt come with very good games and is still quite expensive . PS2 is ok but it would be my last choice now that most of the good PS2 games are either on XBOX or Gamecube anyways .
 Ok , where can I start ? Oh ... yes ... THIS SYSTEM ROCKS . Sure , Sony lures you in with the extra crappy parts such as a DVD player that barely works , but this system is BUILT TO PLAY GAMES AND PLAY GAMES ONLY . Also , the graphics are great , and the controller fits like a glove . There are so many cool exclusives too , like : The Legend of Zelda
 you should buy this system if you like ZELDA , MARIO , PIKMIN , BOND , WARIO , LUIGI and much more this is the best system ever I havemine for three years and not one problem yet .
 A gamecube is hard to describe ... cheap ... mario ... Shigeru Miyamoto -LRB- I know that 's hard to say -RRB- . The only two gamecube disadvantages are
 The Gamecube is another excellent system from Nintendo . Unfortunately , third party support for the system is somewhat lukewarm . Luckily , as usual , Nintendo 's first party games are instant classics and must play games for people of all ages.Pros : Awesome first party games -LRB- Metroid Prime , Zelda
 The Gamecube is another excellent system from Nintendo . Unfortunately , third party support for the system is somewhat lukewarm . Luckily , as usual , Nintendo 's first party games are instant classics and must play games for people of all ages.Pros : Awesome first party games -LRB- Metroid Prime , Zelda
 Gamecube is the best system out there and the best of all time.Its only 99 $ with a zelda disk . It is small and has a handle . You can pick of three colors . IT has fast loading and doesnt make a horrible noise like the ps2.Also it doesnt has a sliding disk thingy . That can break . A wireless controller and the following exclusive tirles . Mario kart , mario party 4 and 5 , mario golf , mario sunshine , animal crossing , starfox , zelda , wario world , luigis mansion , metroid , sonic , monkeyball , kirdy , rogue leader . and more.also you can buy a hookup so you can play gameboy advance games on the big screen . and finally a huge space memory card . buy a cube
 Do you like X-BOX ? DO you like PS2 ? Do you like Gamecube ? Consider Gamecube the ultimate system . IS cost a problem , GameCube is the most cost-efficient of the three systems . The systems features stunning graphics and ultra fast loading . The controller is incredible . It is amazingly comfortable . I would n't mind play a day with it , and does n't cramp your hands or your arms . The system in lightweight and simply to carry . If you do n't like gamecube it 's up to you , but gamecube offers fast loading time for those gamers who do n't have time to wait . THis is the ultimate system with the best connectivity of any system . I highly recommend this for gamers of all ages . You 'll find children games are just as fun as Mature rated games . IF you 're planning to get a system , GET GAMECUBE .
 I 've had the Nintendo gamecube since a month after it came out . The titles for the system are amazing , along with the graphics being above par -LRB- especially metroid prime -RRB- , make it the best out of PS2 , Xbox , and the Gamecube . all of the games I own surpass most of the Xbox games , and many of the PS2 games I have played . these games include
 Over the years i have at one point owned every nextgen system available . My first was Xbox . It was the worst system i had ever played . The controller was huge , the games sucked , and after 91 days , just as the warranty was up , it obtained a disc read error . To fix it would cost 100 dollars . Why would i spend that much to fix a piece of crap ? Then i traded a buncha random things to a friend for a PS2 . It was okay , but i ended up getting sick of it and traded it to a gamestore for this Zelda bundle and some starter games . It ws the best decision i ever made . I was always a gamecube hater , but now i love my gamecube . The tecnical specs are better than Xbox , it loads faster and offers twice as many pixels , so gamecube actually is the powerhouse Xbox is made out to be . The controller is so perfect once you get used to the small d pad and odd angle of some of the buttons . And now there has been no better time to buy a gamecube . You get the Zelda Collectors Editon Free ! You get four awesome Zelda games , including the original NES game and the Orcarina of Time , considered by many to be the best game ever made . You also get Zelda 2 and Majoras Mask.Buy this bundle , you will never regret it . I have owned every nintendo system , and they all still work , so you wo n't ever wake up to find your gmaecube with a disc read error or something like that . Buy or Die !
 game cube is the best console ever ! I have tried them all before I bought a console , and then I decided that I liked gamecube the best ! why ? the graphics are great ! and I mean great ! this console is for all ages and there are less fighting games but they do have a few of those games ! gamecube makes a great gift ! they have a big variety of games and they are cheaper games than the other consoles !
 It 's a great game . It was always one of my favorite old gameboy games , later my favorite Nintendo game , then on to Super NES and then finally Nintendo 64 . Zelda is a classic ... and althought it 's been brought to modern , it still is .
 Let me get this straight . Not only do I get the second greatest console out there , behind the PS2 , but I also get four classic Zelda games for less than $ 100 ? Wow.This is a great bundle . The only thing needed is a memory card , and you 're good to go . I love video games , so it 's safe to say I own the PS2 . I also work in the computer industry and consider myself socially and economically responsible and care about the future of video gaming . so it 's safe to say I do not and will never own an Xbox . Given this , this is the only other console , and though limited in games , it is just a superb deal . It 's hard not to pass this up.The console is excellent when it comes to specs . It looks pretty damn snazzy too . The controller , in my opinion , is the best one out there . It 's comfortable for the wrist , fits neatly in your hand , and is ergonomically placed buttons never fail.Then there are the games itself . The bonus disc contains the two NES Zelda games , and the two N64 Zelda games -LRB- it does not include the SNES Zelda game though -RRB- . This provides hours of entertainment , and the games are regarded as some of the best games ever . For free , this is not bad at all . There is also a Zelda playable demo , and some extra Zelda features on the disc as well.Once you have the system , there are numerous , highly touted games available . Renting games for the Gamecube is much nicer because it 's owned by less people , so your video store will mostly have the games you want when you want them . Also , the Gamecube has the best kids games out there , along with more mature , exclusive games . Metroid Prime , the Sonic games , and Mario Double Dash are all exclusive to this system . The only thing missing is online play , but for this price , who cares?I advise getting a simple starter kit -LRB- memory card , extra controller , extension cord -RRB- for a nominal price , and you 've got the best value in video game .
 Nintendo has done it again , they have bundled a Zelda Collector 's disk with the Gamecube including the first Legend of Zelda , Zelda 2
 Last Christmas , i got the Gamecube Indigo and my brother got a PS2 . While i was playing , i went to see my brother play Final Fantasy X and DBZ
 This is an awesome game system . It has an amazing picture quality and it comes with a fantastic game . It is all around the best gamecube bundle . I like my Playstation 2 more , but this was a great second machine . Definitely buy this awesome deal .
 Now it should be noted that if you are wondering what game system to buy that the GameCube will not be `` supported '' -LRB- i.e. new games -RRB- a whole lot longer - maybe a year or more . Which probably explains the insane price on this.I have a PS2 and am quite happy with it , but when even knowing the above I saw the deal -LRB- $ 99 and Zelda -RRB- first reported as a rumor in the mag , EGM , and then saw the ad on TV a little later ... I made my choice and I have to say , despite the initial big bite on another hardware purchase I have had more fun with this baby than the PS2 . First , get the Zelda pack - 1 -RRB- it is only for a limited time , and 2 -RRB- it is not only 4 free games but 4 free great games and 1 free 20min demo of Zelda
 this bundle i would reccomended . its not a lot , includes games , comes with controller.i give it 5 stars .
 THE LEGEND OF ZELDA , THE ADVENTURES OF LINK , OCERINA OF TIME , MAJORA 'S MASK . ALL THOSE GAMES COME WITH THE BONUS DISK , IF YOU MISS THOSE GAMES YOU PLAYED WHEN YOU WERE A KID , OR NEVER PLAYED THEM THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU ! WOO-HOO ! THIS MAY GET YOU ADDICTED . THERE 'S PROBABLY NO OTHER WAY OTHER THAN GETTING A RARE N.E.S TO PLAY THESE CLASSIC GAMES OF THE 80 'S ARE YOUR TICKET TO ADVENTURE TO THE PAST WOO-HOO !
 GameCube is a must-have console.The best graphics of all the 128bit consoles!The best games of all the other Nintendo consoles!The controller is very confortable , much more than X-Box and PS2 -LRB- I can tell that becouse I 've played on the 3 systems -RRB- . But BEWARE!If you already have one , and are buying this just for the Zelda games , do n't waste your money.Go to the official Nintendo site , register your GameCube and 2 games and you 'll got it in 2 weeks !!! For those who does ' t have a GameCube , I recommend to buy it now !
 The Legend of Zelda is the most amazing series ever . Now that you can get The Legend of Zelda , The Legend of Zelda II the Adventures of link , OOT , and Majora 's mask are games getabl ; e frolasjkn
 This bundle is a bargain especially if you have the guide from Nintendo Power.Nintendo Power 's guide is the best guide you could ask for.Before I got it I always got confused on what to do with where I was but this guide is perfect because it tells you EXACTLT what to do and where you do it.It made it a lot more fun to play Ocarina Of Time and Majora 's Mask than I could imagine.This is a must own .
 I myself , prefer my Playstation 2 . Sure , it has a crap load of lousy games , but for every 10 lousy games , there are 2 great ones . Do the XBOX and GameCube systems have better graphics ? Yes . Graphics ar n't everything people . My preferences in games are gameplay , enjoyment , and replayability . In that order . I 'm also a hard core role playing gamer . You can see why I prefer the PS2 now right ? It 's the king of the RPG world.Now that that is out of the way , let me tell you that I am not putting the GameCube down . No , just the opposite . It 's a great gaming system . It has a few great games -LRB- Zelda for example . -RRB- It 's graphics are up to par with the XBOX in my opinion , even better maybe . I 've played about 20 XBOX games , 2 of which I enjoyed -LRB- Halo , Munchs ' Oddysee . -RRB- I 've played about 14 GameCube games , 10 of which I enjoyed . What does that tell you?What I 'm getting at here is that the GameCube is great as a second console . But if you 're an RPGer like me , you 're better off with a PS2.The Zelda bundle , man . I already owned a GameCube , and I went to trade it in along with a few DVDs for the GameCube with the Zelda bundle . The clerk thought I was a nut job . Let me tell you , it was worth it . A lot of great memories . Possibly the best video game ever made -LRB- not counting rpgs -RRB- , hell , definately the best N64 game ever made , The Ocorina of Time is included with this 4 game bundle ! It 's just as great as I remember it to be . Trust me , it 's worth the hundred bucks . -LRB- goes off to play Final Fantasy X-2 for the Playstation 2 -RRB-
 PS2 IS OLD , OUTADED AND BORING.GAMECUBE IS COOLER BECAUSE IT HAS MARIOKART DOUBBLE DASH !! AND OTHER GREAT GAMES.PS2 CONTROLERS ARE HARD TO HOLD AND THE BUTTTONS ARE CONFUSING.DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON A PS2.GET THE ZELDA PACKAGE WHEN YOU STILL CAN 99 $
 PS2 IS OLD , OUTADED AND BORING.GAMECUBE IS COOLER BECAUSE IT HAS MARIOKART DOUBBLE DASH !! AND OTHER GREAT GAMES.PS2 CONTROLERS ARE HARD TO HOLD AND THE BUTTTONS ARE CONFUSING.DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON A PS2.GET THE ZELDA PACKAGE WHEN YOU STILL CAN 99 $
 The Nintendo Game Cube is what I want for X-mas this year the graphics are alot better than any other system . . They have a great variaty of games too ! But my question is the Nintedo Zelda Bundle Those games they mention like ... . Zelda
 Oh no please , say to me that this is true !!! GameCube with four games of Zelda in it ??? UAU I will buy it now !!!! 100 dollars for a GC and four games its a great deal good price , good games , great fun !!!!
 I ordered this item around December 1st and was told `` usually ships in 1-2 days . '' Heard from Amazon today and said `` we ca n't get any . '' I 'd already bought some games , and was greatly looking forward to this . How disappointing .
 Four of the best video games . Ever . On Earth . -LRB- Note , however , most sellers do not include the Gamecube system with purchase . Usually it is the game disc only . Read the item descriptions . -RRB-
 If you dont already have a gamecube , this is a great deal . If you already have one and want the Zelda disc , you can get it my ordering a Nintendo Power subscription or register your gamecube and two of a small list of games . Go to nintendo.com.Anyway this is a great deal . I ordered mine through a nintendo power subsription , and it is on its way .
 If you do n't yet have a Gamecube , this bundle is the perfect introduction to a superb gaming console . The Gamecube does n't play DVDs or CDs , it just does what it does very very well , showcasing some of the best games you 'll play on any system anywhere . Graphically , Gamecube games look great , play fast , and -LRB- in most cases -RRB- without the load times or lags that can so detract from the gaming experience . And the system is incredibly easy to work with and to hook up -- it literally takes a few minutes , tops.This special Zelda package makes the perfect introduction to the Gamecube platform because it includes one of the finest games I 've ever played -LRB- Zelda
 I have almost all the systems ! From NES , SNES , N64 , Sega Genesis , Saturn , PS , PS2 , Xbox and now a GameCube ... . Anyways , I am a BIG fan of the xbox ! The xbox is great ; however , the nintendo gamecube does have more games than the xbox . The GameCube is also -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- better than the xbox . Graphics , Sound and all that compares to the xbox BUT the games you can get for the GameCube are WAY , WAY better than the games you can get for the xbox . I am not putting down the xbox down !! Believe me I love games like Halo and Fable BUT those games seem to be easier and quicker -LRB- maybe not so much of Fable -RRB- than games like Metroid Prime , Metroid Prime 2
 GameCube steps up to the plate , and ready to make a power shot in the continuing Console Wars . The system delivers everything the PS2 and X-box have , except the price and DVD features . If your into gaming , then the $ 99 deal should n't be passed up . And for Zelda enthusiasts , this is the ultimate collection . If , by chance , you already own a GameCube and would like to get the Zelda 4-pack , you have the option to either register your GameCube along with 2 new games -LRB- see list of games on Nintendo.com -RRB- , or do what I did and pay $ 19.95 for a subscription to Nintendo Power magazine and get a free copy of the Zelda 4-pack . For more info check out www.Nintendo.com/zeldaclassic
 All of us Gamecube lovers can well admit that it may not have all the beef of a chunky american system like the microsoft XBOX but lets face it , why do I need to spend extra money on a system simply because it plays DVD 's and stores music , Do n't we all have a DVD player and a computer for that which do it much more efficiently and at higher quality . When shopping for a console you should look for what is important like maybe ... games . And the gamcube carries the biggest hitters like Zelda the windwaker , Metroid prime , Custom Robo , Smash Bros. -LRB- by the way Gary Schulze in your review you stated that Metroid prime and Zelda were release games ... they were n't they came out about 2 years after the release . If your going to bash something do a little research . -RRB- . Do n't misunderstand I love the ps2 and the Xbox has it 's perks but the best game Microsoft has to offer is Halo but now you can get Halo on the Computer and it looks a heck of a lot better and FPS 's are a lot better to play W / a mouse . Trust me if you buy a gamecube you 'll see that the overall quality and inovation Nintendo puts into all it 's products . The graphics are smooth and Frame rates are high and since developers are finally learning to develop acording to the systems highest potential the graphics are looking even beter -LRB- Check out the E3 shots of Zelda and Resident Evil 4 -RRB- . The controller is comfortable and the compact size of the system makes it easy to transport . If your in the Console Market and what something purely for the gameplay get yourself a cube and while your at it get yourself a ps2 also , they will give you exactly what you want good games and less extra crap .
 I was quite pleased when I got my Game Cube with the Zelda bundle . I ripped into the box immediately and wanted to play . Because I had not played on a Game Cube before , I thought I would flip through the Zelda instruction booklet to get a quick view of the controls.It was then that I noticed that my hopes were dashed , and that I could not start playing right away
 What can I say . I have been a NINTENDO faithfull since the 8 bit , all the way to NINTENDO 64 , but then PS2 came aroud . Instead of staying with NINTENDO I shy 'd away to the PS2 . I lasted about 2 years , up until this bundle came out . I got it on sale at the Wal-Mart -LRB- day after Thanksgiving sale -RRB- This was the best thing I have ever done . I now have 5 games , two controllers and three memory cards . Not to mention a ticked off Fiance !! I can not stop playing Zelda Majora 's Mask . Its just awesome . It seems better ont he Cube . I have tons of game play time invested in this system and the ease of starting it up and playing it , not to mention minimal load times , makes the game play experience even better . I still have my PS2 but I have n't played it in atleast a month . The graphics on this GameCube sytem are just out of this world . I would recommend this bundle to anyone for the sheer enjoyment of ZELDA lovers , but more than that , you get the black system w / remote which looks very cool.I am a 22 year old kid , but I do n't care.This is a perfect Christmas present !!
 Last night , my girlfriend and I picked up this bundle . We 'd been holding off on getting a GameCube , as we 've already got a Playstation2 in the house . That it went down to $ 99 and came with the first four Zelda games was what pushed us over the edge.My first impression
 arrived on time exactly as described . game was in perfect condition , cube was in great condition , cables were a little exposed but otherwise fine
 It 's a gamecube . It 's awesome . I know you can play cube games on the wii , but why bother ? The cube 's controller is much better and it just feels better playing on the original console . Plus this deal was amazing !! The game alone is worth more then i paid for the whole bundle !! Great library like metroid prime , tales of symphonia , mario cart double dash and many more . I love the cube and so should you .
 A must have for any Zelda lover . All games load nicely and play perfectly . Great nostalgic feeling to play the old NES Zelda games .
 this the best bundle you can find for gamecube that is actually affordable . The best part of this is the games . If you dont play your n64 and you like the games this really comes in handy . this beats the xbox bundle too . real cheap too at walmart.com they had them on sale for $ 79.99 .
 This game is the epitome of free games along with a console , its Zeldas version of SuperMaRio All stars . Comes with the best game ever - Ocarina of time , and has the very hard to fina nowadays , LEGEND OF ZELDA , also comes with majoras mask and zelda 2 , it gives newer gamers like myself a chance to play the first 2 zelda games . As for the gamecube itself - i have never been more happy with any other system , the controller is perfect , after the adjustments , the `` A '' button is giant , but its right in the middle wich is nice cus its the most frequenly used of all of em . The graphics are up there with x-box -LRB- wich i have never been a fan of -RRB- and th loading times are exellent now is a great time to buys gamecube because they got all the good games coming out like final fantasy and mario kart and metroid prime 2 and the sequel to zelda wind waker , now is the best time to get a cube , and now with the free disk there is no reason not to .
 I love Zelda games so much . I begged my parents to buy me this and they said yes . But I ca n't say I had played the disk cause it is a gift for christmas . But from real images from the game , there are some good points about this cool bundle . 1 . Gamecube + free zelda games = happy . I am tired of consles that just give you a consle and a demo disk . This bundle gives you 4 games -LRB- 5 with wind waker demo -RRB- . 2 . The 2 games from N64 -LRB- OoT and MM -RRB- have had alot of work done on them . The grapics are 3 times as better that the old N64.The only flaw I could see is that the last game -LRB- MM -RRB- has a few sound issues . It even says that on the disk before you play the game . But I hear it is n't that bad when you have the great graphics . Any way , I 'm just counting the day on my calendar before I can play it.Oh for people who are looking for a new mem . card , here is some info that will come in handy : DLoZ takes up 3 memory blocksAoL takes up 3 memory blocksOoT takes up 9 memory blocksMM takes up 21 memory blocksO yeah , I would n't buy this from amazon , but if there is a Buyrite near you , go there . You save 3 bucks and you get that memory card you so richly desiver .
 The Gamecube is definatly the best console out there . Xbox and PS2 fans , when you bought your Junk box and Playstation 2 thingy , did you get something as good as a free disk containing sneak peaks , movies , a demo and 4 classic games . I do n't think so . That 's because Sony and Microsoft just want your money ! Sure , Xboxes came with a 2 lame games but who cares ! This is the Legend Of Zelda series we 're talking about ! Nintendo even jammed in a playable demo of the Wind Waker , how good is that . Enough about the games , now lets talk about the system itself . First of all the Gamecube is the way better than PS2 and Xbox . It 's built stronger even though it may be smaller . One of my controllers has been dropped from about 2 feet and it still works fine . Infact I heard that someones Gamecube fell out of their car and it still works . The games are great . Not only does Nintendo have the best games but it can also play Gameboy Advance games using a gameboy player . That means when you buy the Gamecube and a gameboy player -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- you can buy and play Gameboy Advance games without the Gameboy Advance itself . Gamecube also has a good variety of games like Metroid Prime , Star Fox , Resident Evil just to name a few . So if you want a great game system with great games and the ability to play Gameboy Advance for the low price of $ 49.99 then get this today ! Plus it comes with 4 free games , 2 movies , a demo and it 's all on one disk .
 HOW THE HELL IS THIS A KIDDIE GAME!IS VIEWTIFUL JOE A KIDDIE GAME ! RESIDENT EVIL REMAKE!RESIDENT EVIL 0 ! ETERNAL DARKNESS ! METAL GEAR SOLID THE TWIN SNAKES!SHUT UP YOU XBOX LOVING FAN BOYS ! WE HAVE BETTER GAMES THAN U!XBOX ... HALOHALO2NINJA GAIDENDINO CRISIS 3DEAD OR ALIVE 3ODD WORLD MUNCHES ODDESY ... BLOOD WAKEFABLE . . COMMING SOONYou cant say knights of the old republic , splinter cell and ect are xbox games cause there not ... There 3rd party games you idiots!Dead or alive beach voley balland like a few others ... GamecubeMario sunshineMetrioid primeMario kart duble dashEternal darknessKiller 7 ... comming soonResident evil remakeResident evil zero ... put xbox graphs to shame ... same with remakeViewtiful joeFinal fantasy ccResident evil 4 ... comming soon ... will put xbox games to shameThe legend of zelda the wind waker ... Great zelda game ... maybe the best gamecube game ... star wars rouge swadrenstar wars rouge s 3giest ... comming soon ... Kurby air ride ... japan ... Luigis mansionSuper smash bros mele ... bloody roar primal furymetal gear solid twin snakesAND MANY MORE !! You know it sux that xbox stole some of ps2 games which I wont bring up * cough * Metal gear solid 2 * cough * GTA3 * cough * Onimusha * cough * manhunt ... And gta 3 ... Oh wow HALO 2 IS COMMING !!!!! FABLE!Well SO WHAT!GC GETSRESIDENT EVIL 4METRIOD PRIME 2 ... Which will kick the crap out of halo 2KILLER 7GIEST ... Note that I had that piece of crap that we all call ... xbox but I sold it and got a gamecube ... How stupid could I have bin leaving all those games I left behind as a kid ... ZELDAMARIO ECT ... Well that wont happen again
 This game emerged in the early 90 's to rave reviews but apparently low sales , likely due to the fact that it began life as a Mac game -LRB- it was ported to PC later on , which is the version I own -RRB- . It included incredible graphics and FMV -LRB- full-motion video -RRB- sequences that were the envy of it 's day and an interesting plot . The crew of the space cruiser `` Jeremiah O'Brien '' become unwitting victims of a DNA changing plague after a computer malfunction during a wargame . The ship 's malfunctioning computer , acting on it 's wargame orders , is headed for an inhabited planet to unleash a load of devastating bombs . The crew is unable to change course and are systematically wiped out by the ships security bot , who uses thier DNA to identify them as friend or foe . Since the virus has changed everyone 's DNA no one is safe and the crew are forced to leave behind clues , video logs , and untainted DNA samples behind for whoever comes to stop the ship.And that 's where you come in . You play the part of an unnamed crewmember of a mining ship , the only one close enough to respond to the O'Brien 's distress calls . You have 3 unarmed , remotely-operated mining probes equipped with manipulator arms and scanners , as well as a healthy dose of wits . And you 'll need every bit of it because from the word `` Go '' you will find yourself hounded by the ship 's security bot in one of the most clever games of cat and mouse I 've ever seen . The ship contains several levels and you 'll spend much of your time traversing ladder-shafts and elevators in an effort to escape the security bot , whose red blip you can see on your map . Watching the little bugger follow you around the ship is unnerving and the game will make your adrenaline pump . Remember , you only have 3 probes to send over to the O'Brien , and once they 're gone the game is over.A large part of your task is to locate DNA samples left behind by the crew . These can be located in some various places , such as on crewmember beds , bathrooms , ladders , etc. . Once the DNA is scanned it 's placed into your probes memory so that you can open doors to other rooms -LRB- remember , the ship operates almost totally on the DNA identification of it 's crewmembers -RRB- and can give the player increased access the further up the chain of DNA command one goes . The Captain 's DNA is hard to find , but will grant you access to almost anyplace on the ship.In addition to the DNA the crew , before their untimely deaths , contrived a number of schemes to stop the ship and put them in the form of video logs -LRB- an eerily reminiscent forerunner of the same idea that was used on System Shock 2 -RRB- to derail the ship 's deranged computer , as well as several ways to rid the ship of it 's security bot . Killing the security bot requires using one 's noodle to `` lure '' it into traps . But even if successful the ship launches a new security bot after 5 minutes , thus you only gain a short reprieve at best . The game includes 3 difficulty settings . The higher the difficulty , the more difficult it is to kill the security bot . In addition to this when the game is played on a higher difficulty it changes the method used to destroy the ship in the previous one . DNA and video logs are placed in different areas as well , which basically offers you 3 different games of Iron Helix in one fell swoop.For it 's day the game was indeed beautiful . The graphics were almost lifelike , although the control scheme felt more like something out of a 3DO game . The entire game is pre-rendered , meaning there is n't anything you can pick up , although this is the same reason it looked so good . The game had it 's flaws however . The actually `` play '' screen itself was a tiny window , not quite 1/4 size area of one 's monitor space . This means that you 're likely going to have to scoot up close to see some of the game 's finer details . The rest of the display is your remote control unit on your mining ship . In essence it 's like playing a game on your 50 '' HDTV 's PiP screen . This was likely done to boost performance on the older 486 machines it was made for , but it still detracts a great deal from the experience.Otherwise this was a great game , and one I wish they 'd do a much more elaborate remake of !
 I can say this was one of the few games I 've played that totally enveloped me in emotion and focus . The feeling is totally surreal and dark . The concentration and strategy drives you to focus , without feeling as if you 're trying to solve some mundane puzzle or math problem.The only negative points I can really make are problems inherent to early 90 's technology , you ca n't really expect a 1993 computer to run a photorealistic game on the entire screen.My hope is that this game somehow jumps onto the remake bandwagon . With the right developers , it could definitely be a smash hit .
 This is a unique game as to where you are allowed to actually hunt big cats . There are very few games out where you can hunt cats . The graphics and sounds are very realistic also .
 Product is as advertised . Easy to play , easy to understand rules and instructions .
 I started playing the Superstar mode and it is FANTASTIC !! Now , you get full control of YOUR player moving him along the field and not the old way where you only controlled the ball carrier . This game is a more hands-on approach to your preferred position and helps you get INTO the game.UNTILI turned my PS2 off , went to eat , and tried to load the game . Guess what ? FILE CORRUPTED !! I dont know what the heck happened ... So i had to start all over again , and delete the corrupted file . I dont know if it will harm other files but BEWARE !!!
 Well , as everyone else did , i bought Madden 07 , to get updated rosters . I toufght that it woud be the same and just have new rosters , but i was wrong . This game is the best Madden game out so far.Graphics - 4 stars - As always , madden games always have good and clean graphics . No glitches or anything , which is very good.Gameplay - 5 stars - Very very fun and exiting game to play . New controls like lead blocking contol it maked it cool to lay a huge hit to open up a whole for a huge gain . Also , playcalling has all good plays and real plays from each play bookRosters - 5 stars - Updated rosters , no wrong playrs on wrong teamsGame mosed - 5 stars - as always , they added more stuff to make it moe indept , like college allstar games and more advanced scouting , aolong with player roles which is a cool new addonall in all , this game rules , if u r a true fotball fan , u want to get this .
 I am not going to compare this Madden to previous versions . I am not going to bias my review based on what I used to own or used to play . Instead , I will offer a review based soley on the game itself.There are several things that I like about Madden 07 . Role players . Based on the stats and abilities of the players , they gain roles which influence their abilities and the abilities of their teammates during the game . An example is the role of Mentor , which adds an awareness bonus to all younger players at that position on the team . Shutdown Corner , which takes away from the opposing quarterback when he is throwing to the reciever being covered . And then there is the role of T.O. I mean the role of Team Distractor , which lowers the abilities of the team while he is on it.The franchise mode off-season acuratly reflects the NFL off season . Teams make draft day trades , and there are two free agency periods , both pre and post draft , simulating the actual NFL off season . You unlock scouting information on potential draft picks by actually putting them through player drills.The Superstar mode allows you to play a career at any position on the field . And you can only play your player during the game . Your chances of going into the Hall of Fame rely upon your ability to meet certain statistical goals . -LRB- For a Center , is is based on sacks and games started . -RRB- The hit stick has allowed me to nearly decapitate some poor NFL running backs.Opposing defenses get sucked in to the play action pass . However , if you ca n't run the ball , or it is an obvious passing situation , the linebacker 's tend to ignore the play action and just level the quarterback before he can think about looking down field . It adds a nice touch of realism and strategy to the game.The only thing that I do n't like is the announcing . It would appear that Dan Dierdorf -LRB- Whose announcing made me watch Monday Night Football with the sound off and listen to the game on the radio -RRB- wrote both Madden 's and Michael 's lines . And I am guessing that Al Michael 's was paid by the word , because throughout my season , most of my plays were made by `` Veteran Kicker '' and `` Rookie Tackle . `` All in all , Madden 07 is a fun and realistic game to play that I would recommend to anyone .
 I 'd like to point out the that low-scoring review was for the X-Box 360 version!Yes , this game is very similar to last year 's version . Yes , it 's the only NFL-licensed football game on the market this year . It 's still the best football game you can buy for your PS2 -LRB- or any other system for that matter -RRB- ! I went through college playing the NFL2K series -LRB- later ESPN -RRB- on my dreamcast , and was sad to see it go ... but Madden is a very high-quality -LRB- albeit not `` mind-blowingly innovative '' -RRB- game . The formula works well , and they have n't tweaked it much ... but just enough.The Good : + More in-depth player management -LRB- i.e. `` game manager '' , `` defensive stopper '' , etc. -RRB- + Improved -LRB- and I mean , REALLY improved -RRB- running game + Defensive playbooks have more variety , and require a more cerebral aspect to the game -LRB- although with a good defense you can still call a lot of questionable plays that work -RRB- The `` Bad '' : - The standard Madden fare
 Good graphics . Nice addtions to in-game play like lead blocker control . What I do n't like in Superstar mode is that you can only play as your hall-of-famer .
 Ilove this game ! But my player always gets intersepted !!! I think there should be more creative stuff . But I love this game . Still they need to upgrade who retires and who gets drafted .
 I 'm not a huge fan of the NFL , but I found this game fun becauseyou can use any team , play any team you want , play a game on the same team as your friend , and even create your own team . I gave the game 4 just because of how much I hate being on the defensive side . I do n't own the game , but I have played it , and reccomend it to anyone , NFL fan or not .
 I bought this as a gift for my brothers 16th birthday . I do n't know too much about these games , but my brother has no complaints and either does my husband , who also enjoys playing it , so I have no complaints .
 Great price , the game is definately worth it , husband loves the game
 I bought this for my husband as a gift . He loves it . He tells me the game has lots of new features and he is always excited when he is describing them to me . And whenever we go on trips , Madden comes right along with us . I love my dear husband and the time we have together . But I also love our alone time . He gets to play Madden and I get to read my novels . Madden makes our marriage smile .
 My grandson , Caleb was so excited when he opened this gift . But what thrills me more is that he plays it all the time and he goes on & on about this is the coolest game ever . So I thoroughly recommend this game .
 I love the kicking and putting the ball because of its easy of use .
 This game is really fun and it works well on my super old PS2 . Fast delivery made it more enjoyable .
 MY OLDEST GRANDKID GETS MADDEN EVERY YEAR FOR CHRISTMAS , IF HE ONLY GETS ONE THING FOR CHRISTMAS , IT HAS TO BE MADDEN . HE SAID HE WAS N'T LET DOWN AND THIS IS THE BEST MADDEN YET . HE LOVES THE MADDEN GAME
 My son got this game and loved it ! He gets the new one each year and they always get better and better . This is a `` must have '' for the football fan !
 Well , this year 's madden is anything but a bad game . It 's really fun -LRB- as always -RRB- and the updated rosters plus a couple tweaks here and there give it long lasting appeal . There are some balance issues , as with every game , but they are n't major . Sometimes I find the passing game a bit too easy and the running game just too hard and ineffective . The defense still gets beat deep pretty frequently and kick-off returns are a very easy way to score . I score on probably one out of every eight returns or so , which is a LOT . Overall , I 've been playing it for a while now and I recommend it to every NFL fan out there .
 There are several improvements this year and the players are much more realistic this year . Bought this for my husband for Christmas - I could have just bought him this and nothing else - he 's still raving about it !
 I only paid about $ 40 for the ps2 version there . They have 12 bucks off ALL versions of the game xcept the hall of fame version or whatever its called . Anyway its a pretty good madden game and WAY better than 06 . peace
 I was just wondering why many people were expecting big , huge drastic changes to the game . I mean , the game of football has n't had any big , huge , drastic changes ... has it ?
 kicking is beterhall of fame games are alsomerunning is more realAj Hawk is the fasted person and farve is the best q.b. in the game
 This is the best yet . Madden 05 and 06 were good but this is the best .
 I bought this for my son . He enjoys creating his own teams and playing the realistic game .
 When i bought this game i thought it would be like the other maddens , just ok , fun for awile . But when i got this game i played for hours . The new blocking skills and the running moves make it amazing . I always like the gameplay on the Superstar Mode aswell . The only downfall about this game is that it lags alot . Its worth the money ! Get this and you will like !!!! : -RRB-
 Ok , one of the reviews says : Cons : No fatigueNo franchise radio showNo fantasy draft ???? I 'm not sure what game he 's playing but Madden '07 has all these options . At least the PS2 version that their review is about has all the options.Having you own opinion is one thing . If you do n't like it , fine with me but do n't write a false review , that 's just wrong .
 First of all I 've been playing Madden for over 10 years now . So I know and love the game . This game has some good things and some not so good things about it.First the good
 Madden 07 has a lot of upgrade since years past for example it has all new lead blocking controls , quarterback vision , NFL Superstar : Hall of Fame Mode and also has a whole bunch new players , rosters and playbooks.It has create a fan , create a playbook and a whole bunch of new players like Reggie Bush , New Orleans Saints , Vince Young , Tennesee Titans and so many more . You can also use the NFL drafting mode to determine College impact players . The game can be played by all ages . For a good passing game I would choose the Colts , for a good run gain I would suggest the Chargers . That 's all I have for now but hope to tipe to you again soon . Wrote by : Vinny Hale
 This is a great game , and i would recommend it to anyone with a ps2 and anyone who loves football . The superstar mode is significantly great , and the franchise mode is deep . There is nothing better than looking in the newspaper and seeing all the news that you made . YOU . But , with the next-gen period vastly approaching , it 's gon na be hard for ps2 to keep up with this graphical processing pace . Anyways , the best thing about the game is the animations are very realistic . Graphics overall are good .
 I buy Madden every other year.With that , I think this game is great.It feels a lot different than Madden '05 and I love the ` Hall of Fame ' mode . This mode centers around your player no matter what position you are -LRB- game is usually centered around the ball -RRB- . If you get sick of only playing your position , bench yourself , then you get to play the game as usual -LRB- minus the play calling -RRB- . If you 're still board & want to call your own plays ... audible.The audible options in this game are amazing , there are so many options -LRB- probably intended by EA due to this HOF mode -RRB- . I 'm totally impressed -LRB- check that ... surprisingly impressed -RRB- . The rushing game is fun ... although it could still use work -LRB- nothing 's perfect -RRB- it 's much more realistic in that you can use your blocking more realistically.Defending passes also has a better feel.Surprisingly , I recommend this game to all that are on the fence . -LRB- coming from a guy that was expecting the worst ... not pessimistic , just mad at EA lately -RRB- .
 This was a gift for my boyfriend 's son who is 11 he opened it on Christmas day and has been playing it every sense , we have to drag him from the game .
 This game is great if you 're like me and prefer to run the team and call the plays . I never buy sports games to play against the computer because eventually you beat them with any team ... but the coaching mode in this game is very good . I have called the plays and controlled the roster on my team through 6 weeks and have found the stats to be very realistic and the games are tense and hard fought to the end . I ca n't write a review on the game play because I prefer being the coach . Game looks very similar to last year 's graphics wise . My main complaint is that training camp is still the same , would it kill the developers to have some new drills after 4 years of the same thing ?? I 'm sick of `` pocket presence '' already . Overall great game though , from roster control all the way to field action .
 My kids love the football game . It 's great for all age groups . The graphics are great and fun to play .
 This is when you really wants to push it to the limit in football .
 I have n't used it personally , however , on Christmas morning our grandson opened the present and ran around the house yelling `` AWESOME , ALLRIGHTTTT '' . I have n't heard any complaints .
 madden comes out again , but with some stupid lead blocking controls . i think this is as dumb as tha qb vision controls.y cant they come out with something good ?
 well the game of football hasnt changed much , even since the mid 90 's when they first started making the game , but madden has had drastic changes since the mid 90 's , i dont think its a matter of if the game of football has changed .
 Madden 07 is the 2006 version with roster updates and a beefed up Superstar mode . Thats not a bad thing cuz Madden 06 was good too .
 Note
 On its face , yes , Madden 2007 is basically a clone of Madden 2006 . So why buy it ? If you are a casual gamer , then you 'll at least want updated rosters , and new players ... simply `` updating '' your 2006 rosters is a lot of work , and probably , for something you 'll be using for a year , worth the $ 50 . Reggie Bush , anyone?If you 're a medium-level to hardcore Madden gamer , then there are significant changes to this game
 This year 's version of Madden is not as bad as some people say it is , but if you have the 06 version , and are n't a diehard , have-to-buy-it-each-august gamer , i suggest not dropping the 50 bucks . The big innovations to the in-game play this year are the running controls and lead blocker controls . I have n't been blown away with the innovations to the runnign controls . Sure they 're nice and a bonus , but not so revolutionary as the innovations of years ' past -LRB- ie Playmaker control , precision passing cone thing , hit stick -RRB- . The lead blocker thing is kind of cool , although I find the back that the computer controls is usually too fast -LRB- and finds openings quickly -RRB- , thus rendering the block I make as the lead blocker pointless . This year 's innovations are good ideas , but could have been executed better . I 'd still like to see animations where the RB leaps over the pile on a goalline run . The celebrations -LRB- though being restricted in real life this year -RRB- could be better too , including more signature celebrations like the Lambeau leap -LRB- which occurs far too infrequently -RRB- and some of Chad Johnson 's antics . I do n't like the new kicking meter that was implemented this year in both Madden and NCAA Football this year , but that might just be me . Overall , if you 're a diehard Madden fan , you 'll buy the game regardless of what others say . For the casual fan , this is like the 2003 version - you say you 'll get it , but when it comes down to it , you can live without Madden this year . Maybe 08 will bring better reviews .
 it came a week early then i thought it would.it 's another great madden game .
 I bought this game 4 my cousins birthday ... and he loves it . . but the best thing of all ... he loves me more ! = -RRB-
 I never get tired of john madden . I got this game for around $ 23 . I waited until it came down in price because I was still playing ' 06 . I like the revamped kicking game . The offense is more potent in this version . Of course the rosters are updated . I 've been playing Madden games since the mid 90 's and I think its the best football game of all time . This game is a little better than the '06 version . The only thing I did n't like was the new trendy rock they have on the music playlist -LRB- I shut them all off and turned on the NFL classic soundtrack -RRB- . A great game if you love to play football ... Buy It !
 The game is very well crafted and a very balanced Football game . no complaints here . who does n't know about Madden ?
 My fiance and his friend love Madden 07 . It was a great Christmas gift .
 Great game . Loved Madden '06 and this is just as good , if not better . It is so realistic , plus John Madden is my favorite announcer . He makes it so real , it 's just like you are a part of your favorite game on Sunday afternoon.Amazon 's delivery of purchases is amazing . Christmas time deliveries were so fast , I could not believe it . They always have the biggest selection of in-stock items and on-time deliveries has to be the highest in the industry . I will always shop Amazon for just that reason .
 This game continues to be the deepest of all video games , year after year . My one criticism , which I 've always had , is that it is virtually impossible to block an extra point/field goal . If they could just fix that , it would be just about perfect .
 This game s pretty good . The game is basicly the same as madden 06 . Their is a new thing called a Blocking Control . Its pretty sweet . Like madden 06 their is a mode called superstar HALL OF FAME . In this mode you create yourself . You pick your parents , take the IQ test , go through the draft and play . The object in this mode is at the end of your career to go into the NFL hall of fame . You can create fans for teams . You can play in franchise mode , tournament mode and also you can just play . I recomend this game .
 Madden always seems to get better and better each year for me . I love the anticipation of the new football season and its rosters and this game has it all . It might have the same stuff as last year , but man , play this game and you will never put it down . Superstar mode has come a very long way . This year the camera focuses on only your player and shows his routes . You control where he runs to get open and you also hope you get the ball . If you do , get ready to run . Also , you do n't choose the plays and you do n't play as everybody . It 's cool to be able to just concentrate on you and only you in this mode . The lead blocking control is neat and all , but not a standout addition . The running controls are all you really need . The new hightlight stick let 's your favorite running back juke and dodge the way he does in real life . Your running back also has his own style of running added in the game . All around , Madden is the best !
 i have been playing the madden series since i was a kid and this game is really good . the games just keep getting better and better as each year passes . everything in this game is worth the money i strongly reccommend it .
 and the person that I bought it for ca n't stop playing !
 So , today I 've purchased the Madden 2007 on PS2 and played it for a couple hours now . I have been a huge Madden fan for quite a long time that I still even play with my Madden 1997 once in awhile.But speaking of the new game , I like to take the time and compare the difference between Madden 2006 and Madden 2007 , and its significant improvements it made between last year and now . Obviously , it 's good idea to compare the difference since we all want to know what EA Sports have done differently this year unlike last year.When I first played Madden 2006 , I must admit that I was in awe over the graphics and the game play design that left many of us wanting for more . This year , EA Sports not only delivers us superior graphics than 2006 , but deeper gameplay modes that will give us twice as more fun with our friends this year than last.One of the improvements made in Madden 2007 is the Superstar Mode . Creating a player , whatever position he may play , now gives us the control to build up his skills throughout the length of the mode . Though while many of the traditional players -LRB- like me -RRB- may stick with the Franchise Mode , I still think that it is mind-blowing to see that superstar will have some pretty amazing additions to the gameplay as well . Instead of being a mirror image of the previous Superstar Modes , the main focus of this year Superstar Mode will be on developing your career through your agent 's contacts and working up the ladder of success within the pros . You 'll be now able to customize the look of your character , and be able to challenge yourself to build up a character presence in the league and his abilities on the field . Although the Superstar Modes is a great addition to this year feature of Madden 2007 , I have a awkward feeling that some of you may or may not be happy with the changes made to the Superstar mode this year . This may be a love or hate relationship with this mode , but if you stick with the quarterback you 'll have tons of fun.One thing that has the MOST improved in Madden 2007 is the running games . I notice that this year , EA Sports really tried to improve the running games , and how to get players to actually use it more often to give a scare to the defense . One of the improvements they made now is the easy ability to control the lead blocker and create the perfect hole for your running back to make his way through to enemy territory . I enjoy this so much because seeing it in motion is a masterpiece and it will be especially fun in multiplayer matches too . After the snap , I think that it is amazing too know that I can control the blocker and create the gap when satisfied while switching my running back to control his movements.One of the minor thing that has not improved this year is the inability to call plays by the coach , or at least have some control to the coach decisions . Many people may find that to be a turn off , but in respect to the whole idea some people might enjoy the individual attention to certain positions played on the field.To not give away all the wonderful details , EA Sports , to me , has made an impressive step forward for Madden 2007 and is in the right direction to a positive look for Madden 2008 . With all the new features and installment added to Madden 2007 , plus the deep training and development involved , I am sure that many of you will be stuck playing this game for several months to come.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT EVERYONE BUY THIS GAME THIS YEAR !! A + +
 I gave this to my nephew and he loves it . He has told me the game is great .
 This is easily the greatest edition of Madden that I have ever played . The game controls are finally the way they should be , especially with the addition of the Highlight stick . I also love the lead blocking control , which really adds another element of challenge to the game . The new superstar mode is very intuitive and really makes this game incredible . Overall this game is superb and I recommend it highly to every NFL fan out there !
 I have to start off by saying if you own the 06 version , then dont bother updating , as you may not notice many of the updates/upgrades . Is this an awesome game ? Yes , but it has a few holes even still ; 1 -RRB- Too much sacking on your QB by the cpu . 2 -RRB- The CPU will run the ball so darn often , it is a joke . 3 -RRB- The game might strain your PS2 as it loads so often ,4 -RRB- If you want to play on all-madden level , you are FORCED to play with QB vision on , which we all know stinks!Basically , they have tossed in a few more options so you can play as a blocker or etc on offense and you have more advanced defensive controls such as match-ups , assignments , etc. . Also , the franchise mode is still really great and the superstar mode is quite enjoyable as well.What about this game is really good ? Well , it is safe to say the graphics are quite good and the commentary is solid once again . The crispness of the passing is great and the running game is a big part of this years focus . It is still really fun to have a running QB with a strong arm , it is an easy way to dominate the game ! BTW , the new kicking scheme is actually really easy after test it out a time or two , now I am making 90 % FG 's easily ! You can fully tinker with the AI and change all other settings as well.The rosters are also accurate but personally , if you own madden 06 , wait 4-6 more weeks and then buy this one for $ 19 as a PS2 best of game .
 The child I bought this for was thrilled . You would have thought I gave him $ 1 million dollars . He plays it everyday and loves the graphics .
 I love that you can create your own player on this brilliant game ! My player Rabine crushes the competition with 9 touchdowns in 1 game and 10 in another . I humiliated my dad at this game 56-21 . However I should not be talking because my friend Chris beat me 96-36 . Chris also thinks I am a cheater at this game by boosting Rabine 's stats . 2 reasons why that is crazy .1 . that is NOT !!! cheating2 . I did not boost his stats
 Overall this game is very good . Good sound and graphics make this game a winner . Also the gameplay is easy to use , and is much better and easier than the PS3 version . It does have a memory card problem at times that being the only problem . I would have liked to have seen an option to turn on progressive scan , but maybe that will be in Madden 08 . Personally , I think this game is better than the PS3 version .
 I love this game so much . It has great graphics , Great effects , And great Rosters . This game only has one problem it frezzes for a couple seconds after every 4-5 plays . But overall i think EA did a great job on this game . Go Chargers ! - Koda from Michigan
 I bought it in October to present as a Christmas gift , and portions of the game are inoperable to the player . I believe that I am over the limit to return it , so that 's pretty tough . I 'd suggest that you check out a game before holding it past the `` return '' date .
 Typical Madden quality we 're used to seeing with some cool new features but 2 main negatives to this game :1 . You ca n't import your playbook into franchise mode or superstar mode . . major bummer . - what 's the point of creating a playbook you can only use in 1 on 1 exibition mode ? If I am correct , I believe 2006 had the same problem , but 2005 you could import the playbook . . unless I am doing something wrong ?? 2 . Superstar mode
 This game is great !!! OK , a lot of people says it is the same at 06 but to me it is better.I recommend this game if you are a football fan and love playing . I have 2003 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 and 2009 and would not part with them . Getting 2010 soon .
 I bought this for my grandson and he plays with it all the time and loves it .
 Bought this for my 27 year old son . He was thrilled to get it and plays it all the time . He said it was really great and a lot of fun to play .
 Madden '07 is such a good game , it has made me come back , begging for more every time I play it . The Superstar mode is very cool . It has options , such as enroll yourself in a movie , or be interviewed on how you think your team is going to do in the Super Bowl . The Franchise mode offers so much as well , from making the prices on hot dogs and hamburgers to watching tapes on rookie scouting . The game modes even present more options , from rushing attack and the two-minute drill to working and honing your football skills in mini-camp . This game is must buy , and I would recommend it to anyone who loves football and ca n't get enough of it , like me : -RRB-
 Great game . Some of the plays I like from Madden 2006 are not there or I can not find them .
 I have to say , that I like other game buyers have read reviews that romance how great the seasons , the empires and the feelings they get from games that are repetitive , tiresome , and/or without any merit . But now I see what they mean by what they say . I bought this game back this past January , I had n't really been into the madden series in a long time , but rode myself on the hype and I was glad i did . I created a team in the AFC replacing the New England Patriots , we were the immortal hardly ever losing Boston Natives , I can still hear the rally cry ! I had made a series of favorite created players , Vagn Palnatoki my favorite , a seven foot 320 pound defensive tackle , well , more of a defensive wall , that swam through the line like a fish to rob the quarterbacks of their flexibility . My creations were the most exciting thing about the game , I had a quarterback -LRB- Kane -RRB- , tight end -LRB- Steene -RRB- , left tackle -LRB- Thorgrim -RRB- , running back -LRB- Thystolf -RRB- , wide receiver -LRB- Deschain -RRB- . My creations made the games though the plays you used to move into enemy territory were repetitive , and sometimes boring , but these players that I made were a positive part of it . They had abilities that other players would only dream about , they had speed , strength , awareness , jump and overall just amazing dynamos.Besides created players , a gem I did n't come to realize was so important was the college all star game . In my last post season I played the all star game and saw some killer players , ones that had abilities that were A + potential . Though I had played four seasons as the Natives , and my team had won every super bowl they went to , this surprised me . I probably -LRB- looking back at it -RRB- did n't think to put much attention into this part of the game because of my created players . But I found a superstar rookie running back named Roman Walker that made incredible plays , he escaped the depths of hell with singe marks on his shoes , he leaped canyons with a single bound , he stiff armed them all . He ran like a wildfire through sage brush , he had the third most rushing yards in the league , -LRB- Reggie Bush being the top -RRB- these players that even though after playing a total of 5 seasons , I still saw things I had n't seen before , this was one of my favorite games to play , until tonight.Tonight as I geared up for my next season , winning the super bowl again against the Saints 23-20 , usually when you win it asks you to go to the off season mode , it did n't it froze , it has frozen every time I tried it . Even the Tony Bruno radio show on the game said , `` The super bowl is this week '' but it had already been played . It 's sad that my Boston Natives team maybe a thing of the past with this error or bug or whatever , but it was still a lot of fun.I dabbled earlier on the created team , but you can set ticket prices , create a stadium , make it as small or large as you want it . You can do whatever you want , then at the off season , you can upgrade it if you want it -LRB- or if you have the money for it -RRB- you can sell your stadium out to corporations , they will give you money for it , just like the real leagues . If that bug had n't happened who knows how many seasons I would have done with this franchise mode . The expanded offseason mode where you can draft , which I admit can be buggy at times , -LRB- it stalled a couple times in my 5 seasons -RRB- you can tweak players , new and old , to get their performance to how you want it through preseason drills . When the preseason starts , the players jockey for top spot in the depth chart , besides the occasional bugs and that final error it was overall worth $ 50 . Even though my seasons maybe over , I can still hear the players , the warriors , the Natives ' war cry as they run onto the field ensuring that many enemy players will be leaving the field holding some extremity , or not being able to get up at all out of fear .
 Many reviews focus on the copy protection , if you have concerns about that be sure to read them . I want to focus more on what this game brings to the table for newcomers and from the point of view of someone that has played a previous version of NFS and wants to know if this game has enough new features to merit a purchase.If you have never played any version of Need for Speed and you are looking for a racing game for the PC then you have come to the right place . This is a very good racing game that allows you to customize your vehicle to help break up the monotony of only completing one race right after the other . This is definitely the best racing game to buy if you want to get a good start in the NFS series . If you are still unsure and want to break into the series on a cheaper title then NFS Underground 2 will give you a good look on the cheap.If you are a veteran and are wondering what the new features are I 'll try to outline them here . Need For Speed Underground 2 is the only other NFS title I have played . All of the comparisons I am making are based on the differences between NFSU2 and this title .1 -RRB- Graphics . The graphics have improved considerably over NFSU2 . The car models look much better and the game ran much more smoothly for me despite the better quality in graphics . In NFSU2 I would get moments where the game would stutter , I have had no such experience in Most Wanted.I have heard some people have problems with ATI cards ; mainly that ATI is a bit behind with optimizing their drivers for this game . I believe these problems are mainly resolved as I have no problems with my Radeon 9800 . You will however need a higher end graphics card to run the game . You do not have to have the latest and greatest card because the game does a decent job of offering options where you can play with lower detail .2 -RRB- Races . I will say that it seems like the races were more varied in NFSU2 than they are in Most Wanted . In NFSU2 you had several different race types that added to the variety of the game namely drag , drift , street , and a few different forms of circuit -LRB- URL and circuit -RRB- and sprint -LRB- races to photo ops and sprint -RRB- . In Most Wanted all the races are variations of either circuit or sprint . There is a new circuit racing mode called knock out where the person that comes in last on each lap is dropped from the race.Police chases have been added for variety and as a replacement to the drift and street modes of NFS2U . This is welcome . I often wondered where all the police were while you were racing on the street in NFSU2.In this version you compete against people on the black list -LRB- a list of the most infamous racers around -RRB- . You have to qualify to compete against the blacklist racers by winning races and building a wanted level with the police . After you beat someone on the blacklist you are given the opportunity to pick 2 of 5 rewards . The rewards are cash , performance parts , visual parts , and one of the rewards is the title -LRB- pink slip -RRB- to the car you just beat . You do not know what the reward will be before you pick it . If you get lucky you 'll walk away with your opponents vehicle.Another welcome change over NFSU2 is the ability to instantly jump to race locations . In the old version you had to spend hours -LRB- cummatively -RRB- driving from one race location to the next . Gone are the days of driving from the Airport to the top of that mountain -LRB- Beacon Hill ? -RRB- to complete one race just to find out that the next grouping of races that appears are at the bottom of the map.One last improvement that I 'll mention is that it seems as though focus has shifted away from visual customization . In NFSU2 you had certain goals where you had to build a car that had a certain level of visual appeal . Often all that meant was that you had to make your car tacky and disgusting by taking it much further than you would have just so you can get that 9 star rating . More did not equal better in my book . I would have been happier if they let me keep the car the way I wanted instead of forcing me to add roof scoops just so I could progress in the game.The con : I wanted to mention why I docked the game by one star . The game uses what is refered to as `` rubberband '' AI . That pretty much means that the AI will make sure all the races are close . Imagine you and an opponent are connected by a rubberband . If the opponent gets too far behind the rubberband is pulled tightly and the opponent will be sprung forward as a result . In other words the farther away the computer is the faster they will drive , irreguardless of what the top speeds of the cars you and the computer are driving are supposed to be.This can become very frustrating . For example , once I pinned an opponent between an 18 wheeler and the road . It resulted in a quick 8 second lead . Making no mistakes on my part , the computer was able to pass me like I was standing still about 10 or 15 seconds after I had built that 8 second lead ... as if I was stopped at a standstill . There really is no excuse for this kind of AI , and it was not present in NFSU2 . If you outsmarted/drove the competition you outsmarted/drove the competition . Not so in Most Wanted . Every race will come down to the wire no matter how far you get in front of the opponent . I 'll be looking for a patch that fixes or balances this issue .
 Ive read all the reviews and wonder where the info is coming from . Fact
 I have to admit I have been disappointed with some of the past NFS games in the underground series specifically . I did not like how as you progressed in the game , they just added more laps to the same tracks . Most wanted is different
 Intro : I have played all of the games in the Need For Speed franchise and other than my personal favorite -LRB- Porsche Unleashed -RRB- Most Wanted is the overall best.Story : The game starts out with a pretty engaging intro followed by some horrible acting in the story scenes . The story itself though is fairly good , although somewhat cheesy , and makes you want to see the career mode through to competition . Another good thing about the story is that is makes the career a somewhat uniform length as both novice and expert racing gamers need to progress through the easily accomplishable tasks.Game Play : The driving experience -LRB- i.e. physics modle , steering responsiveness , etc. -RRB- was decent but fine . The steering was very forgiving and spins/skids were really strange in behavior . The responsiveness is much better than in Underground 2 and there is less need for hand break which is a good thing . The hand break puts the car into one of the poorly modeled spins , which ca n't be corrected by counter steering and applying throttle.The race mode is O.K. but the AI is pretty weak in the early levels . The different kinds of racing add interest and can be very fun . The racing would by painfully easy if the courses did n't keep changing . Well , they are n't really courses but more routes through the free roam world -LRB- I 'll get to that later -RRB- . To make sure you 're ready for any sharp turns you need to remain alert while racing and I think that add a ton to the game.The free roam world is one of the major pluses to this game . It is fun for races because you do n't have to load menus if you drive around to find a race . Also it is cool because it adds believability to the story but the number one awesome part of free roam mode is the cop chases.The Police chases in Need for Speed Most Wanted are incredible . A huge gain over NFS Hot Pursuit is that Hot Pursuit had one-dimensional chases that were pretty tame . Most Wanted has a full go anywhere world that for a first-of-it-kind is unbelievable . If a cop sees you on the streets they will instantly give chase . If you have n't been in a chase before the cop cars will start out as the standard black and white . As you cause the police more problems your cars heat will rise until you have roadblocks all over the place , police helicopters hovering over you , and police undercover Corvettes hunting you . The free roam world makes the pursuits 100 times better . Most Wanted and Hot Pursuit are like an 8-inch black and white TV and the OMNI Max dome . I would buy this game just for the chases.Cars : The cars selection was good and I like the choices that were given . The visual options were impressive in terms of upgrades but performance ones were lacking . When buying cars they show top speed , acceleration and handling on little bars . Now I think that is LAMO , I mean I do n't care about bars , SHOW ME HORSEPOWER , 0-60 , Quarter mile times ... something . It seems that EA is giving info to the very novice gamer , could n't they do both ? Anyway , it seems a pretty minor problem in a great game.Graphics : The graphics for this game are exceptional . The cars especially , they have great textures and light mapping.Conclusion : This is a great game to buy.Story
 Need for Speed -LRB- NFS -RRB- Most Wanted is the hottest driving game yet . It compiles the best from NFS Underground 2 and NFS Hot Pursuit . The graphics , music and simulation are amazing . You can get around the police by dropping loads of lumber and cars from the 18-wheelers . You can blow up gas stations , drop water towers , and crumple the police communication towers . You can drop the screen from the drive-in cinema , and play a round of golf while evading the police . Want to rest ? Why not park in the bus terminal or at college and watch the fun begin with the police cars ! Beware of the Rhinos ! They 'll stop you in your tracks . Better have enough juice to evade the pursuit vettes ! Unfortunately the drawback to this game is that you definitely need a kickin ' computer to play . If you are a NFS fan , I highly recommend NFS Most Wanted . Ca n't wait to see what EA dreams up for their next installment .
 I have to say , of all the games I 've played , this one really keeps you guessing . I 've played simulators ranging from GTR2 to Live for Speed , and most of the NFS titles up through NFS
 great racing ! easy to play butt hard to beat .
 Well , I have read some of the reviews for this product . To me looks like people did n't really play the game . The tough AI gives you a challenge , would you want everything to be a piece of cake ? Anyways this is by far the best NFS of the series , because the cop system .
 Maintains the fun factor of the other games in this series . Adding the police element back into the game makes this more challenging and fun than Underground 2 . The game map is diverse and interesting . The storyline for the career is somewhat lame . The challenger series is the most difficult part of the game and has kept me playing long after I was done with the career .
 the game is a 8.5 / 10 to 9/10 very nice but kinda of hard to drive using key board nice graphics but not so good story line . i would buy this game again if i had too but for ps2
 This game is best Ive seen of its kind ... really awesome graphics ... and game play ... the price is nice also ... wont find anything better on the market ... again EA games rules .
 First off , I have Nero Burning ROM installed and had no issues with installing Need for Speed.If you like the series , this edition wo n't disappoint you . The gameplay keeps getting better , the graphics -LRB- on a good card -RRB- are mind-blowing . Having played NFSU and NFSU2 this one builds on what was good about previous versions . Good game that just keeps getting better , espicially with the edition of the most wanted list , the police pursuits , and the new race modes.Great , great game
 I played all of the NFS games but have never played one like Most Wanted . The chase with the cops is unlike the previous versions of NSF , now the police do not let up and you can be chased until you get caught for me the chase lasted 30mins which is fun , funny and challenging . The physics , graphics and sound is right on the money.there are other modes of racing like blacklist and others It 's worth every penny , just get it !
 its a good game , cars in it are so cool and fast . get this game
 If we do not need to put the disc in our driver when we start the game , it will be much faster to get into the game .
 First of all ... . All of the people that gave this game bad reviews , must be extreme video game nerds that have nothing to do with there time but write bad reviews for games that dont evolve any kind of role playing or girls . Maybe they should find something else to do , rather than insult a game just becuase it does not fit there standards ... standards that are so rediculous that unless the game can get there jollys off they dont like it.Now that that is off of my mind i can continue on with the game . This game is the most realistic and most fun game of the series . so far im number 5 on the black list and the heat is on ! I never have seen such and incredible use of graphic since i have been playing the series . If you have a good graphics card that is . Everone else has pretty much summed up the aspects of the game , but there is one thing you must know ... . If you let your heat level reach five or beyond ... just like the game say ... YOU DAY WILL SUCK !!!! and you will understand this better when there is a c6 corvette on you tail . or a chopper huvering over you head . Im not going to give out all the details just for the shock factor . Trust me IT ... WILL ... SHOCK ... YOU !!!!
 Let me just tell you that this is an amazing game , from the graphics , to the sound , to the vast majority of cars , right down to the gameplay.This is one of those games that would make you want to play this game over and over again . I have had nfsmw black edition for about four days now and on regular play I have completed 20 % percent of the black list.The cop chases are fun but to be honest they do get boring once a while such as if you were just in a cop chase then you want to race , but a cop finds you , you would have to do the same thing again and after a while it gets repetitive.The last part about this game is that when your heat level goes 4 or over , it is extremely hard to run away from them , especially if you are in a race lol . Then if I were you I would switch cars once in a while.The speed factor in this game is crazy , its like Midnight Club 3 but with great textures and picture . Also the motion blur runs nicely and makes you feel like you are really driving that fast as in real life .
 At first , the game would n't download and I gave this a 1 star . I was really mad . But then the seller helped me through the process and got it working . The game works great . It 's so fun . I could n't have asked for better service . It arrived fast and on-time . The game is very fun . It works great with my Windows 7 computer even though it says it 's for XP . This is a great game and I would recommend it to everyone . For some reason it says I have given the game 1 star for `` fun '' but it deserves a 5 star . Hopefully I can change it , but if not , it 's still a 5 star
 Comparisons to previous versions of NFS
 With this game you get the best of both worlds . The customization of Underground 2 , and the running from the `` Fuz '' of Hot Pursuit.The gameplay , sound , graphics , and replay value are all top notch . Just make sure that you breathe when you are in the middle of a level 5 police chase .
 Great game , different from most other NFS Games . I bought the black edition , which is n't really that much different than the standard version -LRB- 2 different cars available in Quick Race -RRB- but its a Solid Game .
 I played this game at a friends house and was instantly hooked , I love all the physics of the game , the different cars and upgrades that are available . My kids and I are fiends for it .
 this is probably one of the funnest games i have ever played . the game play , the plot , and the AI is just so realistic compared to the other NFS games . i felt as if i was the character racing razor . outstanding ! fast shipping and was excited to play the game right away . Worth every penny !!!
 This game is great!I dont know why everyone else is saying that it is hard to beat . On my first day of playing the game i was already to blacklist member # 10 . I has no copyright protection issues even though i have an iso maker and nero.The cons were that-it was easy to beat-ai is too dumb and falls behind easily-the game goes to a blue screen whenever i try to play online
 I never played any of NFS games before ; I was debating on whether to purchase ` Most Wanted ' or ` Carbon ' , and I 'm glad I chose this one . In this game , the storyline is n't so bad for a racing game . You have a substantial amount of cars to purchase and claim -LRB- utilizing the pinkslips -RRB- . The map is huge with many cities to drive in . The most intensifying quality about this game is the fact that a number of law enforcement pursue you , and they become tougher to escape the longer they chase you , being engaged by racers to helicopters . I wo n't compare this game to ` Carbon ' as I do not want to post negative reviews about the game nor do I want to type another paragraph , just know that ` Most Wanted ' IMO was a whole lot more fun .
 For me , this game combines the very best element 's of previus NFS games . From Hot Pursuit , they take the police chases , and for Underground , they took the best cars , and the free drive.Forget all the night racing , in this game all is in the day , which improves the driving , because you can see everything in front of you . Also there are some change in the weather conditions , which dose n't afect the handling of the car.Unfortunatly , the damage you make in your car dose n't afect you , because in the moment you finish the race , the car is repair automaticaly , and doese n't cost you a cent . You can see the car is damage , because some times , the glass on the car is broken , but , as i said before , dose n't afect you , you can race at the max velocity even if you crash against a building.The enviroment is very good and realistic , in one time i saw how a trailer crash a car , and i had to evade them . In the races you can find more cars in the streets tahn in NFS Underground 2 , and that put more presure in wining the race , because you have to evade them , if you do n't want to lose precius seconds in the las race.This time your goal is to going up in the black list , whic is the list of the best racers in the game . At the start you hace to win races and evade police chases to challenge the number 15 in the list . After you beat him , you hace to win more races , evade more police cars , to climb up in the list.The races are almost the same as NFS Underground , there are sprint , drag , and race from point a to point b . The AI at the start of the game is not very good . In some races you can crash against a wall , and be able to win the race . But at the end of the game , the AI is much better and poses a much beter challenge.Some times , when you beat an oponent they gave you his car.There are a total of 32 cars in the game . Now , they all are visible , and they tell you how to unlock each and every one car , and his price . This is very good , because you noe knew how much money you have to won to buy the car you want . Also , you can sell yous car 's to earn more money -LRB- obviusly you nedd to have a car to compete -RRB- . To change part 's of your car yo ned to beat some oponets to unlock parts . The game tell you what you hace to do to unlock each and every part you want.Te police chases are very good , to earn points , which is necesary to progres in the game , you have to evade the police cars , and even crash your car against the police cars . You won a lot of points evaiding police oficers , which is a requisite to challenge some in the black list . Evaiding cops , breaking law 's , destroying objects , smashing other 's cars , elevate the posibility that the cops can saw you and start a persecution . This is some bad thing because , in one time i was in my way to challenge some one and encounter a police car , start the chase , which took like 10 real minutes , and after that drive all the way back to the challenge point -LRB- i like to do that , even if you have the oportunity to jump to the point -RRB- . To dow a litle you heat level , you can change your car o modifing the car.The sound of the car 's are very good , the siren of the police are very clear , and you can hear what the police are planing to stop you . The music is good -LRB- I do n't like that kind of music -RRB- . In all , this is a very good game , ENJOY .
 This game is way better than the previous NFS installments . The free movement and cop chasing really add depth to an otherwise boring driving game . I like the tweaks that you can apply to the cars , but that 's really not the highlight of this game . It 's the characters , graphics , sound , and cop chasing in a free-roaming environment that lend this game to be one of the best driving games to come to the PC !
 Great game , lots of play time , sometimes funny , sometimes makes you mad , but never boring !
 I purchased this game for my husband last year . He wanted to collect all of `` Need for Speed '' editions and he said that this was one of his favorite .
 My only real complaint about this game is that I can not stop playing it . It was real easy to learn the basics and using the garage and buying the parts areas had good directions . The gameplay starts ya off slow and builds and builds . It can be very intense later in the game while your in that 12th minute , running from the cops , trying to get the next level and your heart is pounding just hoping you can make it another 3 minutes . I am on my 3rd run up the ladder and I find new challenges every time . My new Radeon x1600 PRO graphics card makes the visuals even that much better . I was a little bummed by no drifting features as I got pretty good at that on `` Underground '' . All in all `` Most Wanted '' is my favorite `` Need for Speed '' game yet . Porsche Unleashed is # 2 and Underground # 3 . I have `` Carbon '' but have not been able to make it work yet . Huge lock-up issues . My suggestion , Buy it ... you will like it . Rod
 This is the ultimate 10th anniversary Need For Speed . For people who liked the Hot Pursuit and its exotic cars , or those who love the tuner cars of Underground , this is a combination of both . Open roads racing with rivals and trying to stay away from the police . Takes some time to play . Its worth it
 All I can say this game deserves 5 stars ... great fun and excitement ... amazing graphics and the content of the race game
 Currently playing the PC Demo
 Believe it or not , it was a Graduation Gift that I gave to a friend of mine . HE LOVED IT ... it 's perfect . The details , the soundtrack ... everything in the game is just amazing .
 I bought this because I wanted something I could play on my Mac without having to switch to Windows mode . I 've played Sims games since SimFarm , SimTower , and SimCity were new to the PC game world . I 've spent countless hours with The Sims , Sims 2 , and most of the expansion packs.I like Life Stories for what it is . I like the story line , though in some ways it is almost limiting . The biggest problem I have with Life Stories is that so much is taken away ! No cars , not nearly as many objects or build items . If you 've been playing Sims for awhile , it can be frustrating to have something in mind for decorating or objects only to find they are n't there!Other than that , it 's the same game as all of the other Sims . It 's addictive , fun , a huge time-waster , and I will continue to play it over and over again .
 Got the game on time and shipping was fine ... The game is good and i love the laptop friendly features ... but game play is limited and it has this weird bug ... whenever a male sim child gets changed in underwears ... the game crashes ... i reinstalled and the same happen ... i reinstalled on a different computer ... still ... i EVEN bought the PC version and the same thing still ... and there are no patches soo ur stuck with this annoying bug ... other than that its still a great game and i enjoyed it
 I received this product on time ! I absolutely love this game . I had it a few years ago on my windows laptop , but after my screen broke I stop playing it . I was really on the fence about buying it for mac , because they are so different , but I have no complaints!This is an amazing game , and the mac version has n't given me any problems at all !
 I switched to Life Stories when I got my Macbook Pro 13 inch and could no longer play the Sims 3 . It 's not as customizable as Sims 3 and I miss being able to have vehicles , but this game serves the purpose very well . The stories play out really nicely , and I 've enjoyed playing the open ended version as well .
 Populous is a great game I control all of my people as I wanted , there alot of great spell I can destroy the enemy.The graphic is pretty good too also the music is very relaxing , Populous well take a month to finish the game because you need alots of men to gather together and make them fight another enemy and also worship the totem pole or what ever it 's call to release the spell.It 's cool went I destroy there town , my favorite spell to destroy the enemy are Volcano , Lightning , metero shower and the flying dragon , those spell well make it easy too kill them.So It fun and is my favorite game , `` I 'm still playing Populous today '' . END
 If you like `` Black & White '' , you 'll LOVE this game ! it is so cool I ca n't get enough of it ! I know the box looks weird but trust me , the game rocks !
 O.K. , so maybe it 's not the best game around . But it certainly worth the few dollars it costs these days -LRB- the intro movie alone 's pretty cool -RRB- . Become the shaman of your tribe and build , magic and war your tribe unto total dominance . Hey it kept me ocupied , for a hundred hrs or so .
 this is an awesome game , but when i got a new computer it couldnt run the game , and now i cant find it .
 You are the shaman the leader of a primitive tribe , if you are to realise your dream of becoming a god , you must defeat your foes and conquer all 25 worlds in the solar system . To conquer the worlds you must use your minions , spells and houses . You could send a few fire warriors by boat for a devastating sea attack or send spies to burn their houses or say what the heck and use the volcano and wipe out their whole tribe . Build huge cities complete with civilian houses boat shacks , churches , spy huts , guard posts and many more . Have faith in the elements as you use 26 unique spells like the Tornado , Earthquake , lighting and Meteor shower spells . Then send your braves , warriors , fire warriors , priests and spies into battle against the enemy.I must say that Populous is the best computer game I have ever played . With 25 highly detailed 3D levels you will find yourself playing until late at night . You can have your attacks as basic as you want to as complex as you want . The really good thing with this game is that not only do you have the normal close up view but you can have a view from outer space which is excellent when you want access your options before going into battle . Even though I have n't yet done it , you can your play friends or strangers over the Internet . I feel if you want to get the most out of populous you must have `` direct 3D rendered '' it just makes the game 3D accelerated and the landscape is more detailed and as just more clearer but if you do n't direct 3D it does n't matter that much . I take my hat off to bullfrog with an anther superb 3D strategy game . I ca n't wait until I play Dungeon keeper 2 which another bullfrog game . If you like Populous then look out for Dungeon keeper and Age of Empires they 'll be up your ally . 5 stars .
 Populous
 I love this game . The graphics are beautiful , you can rotate the whole globe , and watch the mountains move below you . Watch the detailed sky , with clouds moving on in the wind . The gameplay is easy to learn , and there is a built-in tutorial section which teaches you the basics
 I love this game -- half sim , half war games ! You are the shaman of a tribe . As you progress through the game levels , you gain more and more magical powers , and learn how to train your braves to be warriors , priests and fire-walkers . Many of your powers are earth-powers giving you the ability to make lightning , tornadoes , control swarms of hornets , volcanos , deadly swamps , etc. . Your other powers give you the ability to hypnotize other tribes warriors , convert wild men to your braves , and create force fields around your warriors.There are 25 levels . On each level you struggle with one to three other tribes , each with its own shaman . Your objective is to totally destroy each other tribe , including all its citizens and buildings . As with sims , you need to build housing so your tribe can grow , training facilities to train your warriors , priests and firewalkers , and build boats and balloons to carry your warriors into battle . The more warriors you have , the faster your magic is built up . Each time you destroy an opposing shaman , you gain some of her destructive magical power.In the last level , you are divested of your body , and can travel anywhere on the last planet to cast destruction on your enemies . But , as you progress , you discover that a god without worshipers , like a shaman without warriors , can not win.The graphics are out of date as this game has been around for years -LRB- it only requires a 133MHz machine -RRB- , but it does not stop the game from being fun and challenging . There is a lot of cartoon violence , so the game may not be suitable for younger children .
 This is great ! My little men run around , stand still , jump , build houses . When they fight , they do n't leave blood and gore all over the place -LRB- hooray ! -RRB- , instead , they push and shove and kick . -LRB- Dare I say it , it 's cute . -RRB- When they die , their spirits ascend upward . There is strategy involved , although after you play it so many times , the computer becomes predictable . The best part is the destruction -- earthquakes , volcanos , tornados . It 's quite the stress reliever to unleash these on your enemies . Very dramatic . This is my favorite game . I just wish there were more missions -LRB- `` worlds '' -RRB- available . -LRB- Anyone from EA listening out there ? -RRB-
 This game was a nice surprise . The cut scene movies they had were very cool and the game play was pretty fast paced . From training you guys to throw fire to flying around in a hotair ballon , this game offered alot of different was of reeking havoc . Especially your Shaman . Once powered up , the Shaman can unleash many spells such as earthquake , tornado , and volcano eruptions and believe me , these are very cool . You can garrison towers to use to your advantage as extra defense while you are attacking . Lots of cool features . You have plenty of battles to fight to get to the final confrontation and this is a very challenging game as it seems like every time you turn around , you are getting attacked again . And when you get to the final battle , well , you 'll just have to see for yourself . Very cool . Probably closer to 41/2 stars .
 Populous
 About 6 months ago my 14 year old son downloaded the demo of this game -LRB- we had never heard of this game before -RRB- from a Sim City 3000 disk , and then he got me into the game . We just recently found the full version on Amazon , after searching video and p.c. game stores all over the valley we live in to no avail.We have both gotten into the game pretty big time . My son loves the cheats , but I try to do it the harder , but more challenging way . Thats what I love about this game . IT IS CHALLENGING . The graphics are pretty good , but that does not take away from the game at all !!!! . Reading other reviews I came across a couple that were trying to disuade people from buying this game , well , I recommend buying it ! One other that I came across and I hope this person reads this -LRB- I dont know if it will help or not -RRB- cuz they say that they cant get the game to run with XP , but when we loaded it we have had no problems running it on XP -- maybe because you have to have the disk in the drive?Well from a person who just likes to play , regardless of graphics or whatever , this game is awesome .
 First of all let me begin by saying that games like these generally do n't tickle my pickle . Starcraft was incredibly redundant , command and conquer overhyped , and the civilization series is slightly entertaining.with that out of the way let me tell how this game has ruined my social life . how many nights ive spent conquering the universe for literally hours at a time . The game sucks you in and doesnt let go . Thoguh the graphics are horrible the sequence of events steamrolls that one small weakness . You build your army traing each of your people to become a warrior priest or other awsome specialties . Then you beat the living crap out of the enenmy tribe -LRB- s -RRB- with brute force and amazing spells.A comical plus is the words your followers and shaman come up with . This is well worth your seven dollars for sure .
 My huband bought the demo several years ago , and I became addicted . When we bought the full game , and it got broken , we bought another one , we even bought one for my sisters in law . This game is fun , we have never had a problem with it . I especially like the fact that the Shaman is a woman and she can kick ... ! The spells are fun , but some take a while to charge.Have fun !
 I think this is a great game for all of you people that likeplaying action/strategy games . this game gives you some tough competition and can get REALLY hard . its fun mucing around with all of the spells and different units . the landscape in this game is amazing . I think if you wanted to get it i would look for a lower than 14 deal coz then you are deffinenally getting your moneys worth . i think this is a great game .
 I recieved this game as a Christmas gift , and I instantly became addicted to it . While there are a few glitches in the multiplayer , the graphics and response time are amazing ! After I finished all 25 levels I wanted more ! I could easily spend many hours playing this game , and if I ever got tired of it , I 'd just download Undiscovered Worlds . The best part about it is the multiplayer . It 's alot of fun to play real people over the internet , and there are so many sites with helpful hints , so many strategies . It 's a very challenging game , and it never gets old !
 I have the demo version of this game and I love it ! I would love to get the full , but I ca n't get it now . I would recommend it to anyone .
 This is such a great game and one of my favorite ones . The graphics are OK , but I do n't care how good or bad they are . You are the shaman and you have to take over other tribes to become the most powerful shaman . The first level is so easy because the other tribe wo n't attack your settlement , but they will on the on the other levels . I 'm not exactly sure about these things because I only have a demo version that was on my Simcity 3000 , but if the demo is so good then the actual game has to be better . I saw a lot of spells and stuff that were not available on demo version and they looked pretty cool . You can also turn your braves into warriors , priests , firewarriors and more . Some of the spells are the lightening , the landbridge , the earthquake , the tornado , the magical shield , the swamp , the swarm , and more . Buy this .
 Populous is the greatest with it 's 25 3D worlds to explore , many followers , and devestating spells . The 25 levels of the game took me a few weeks to complete , but then i started playing the online , multiplayer games with other people . Compared to some of the people i have played , the AI in the game is not much . All together i would recomend getting this game .
 That 's what I had to do . This game is single-handedly responsible for my blowing a semester of college . Fortunately the classes were easy , but man I 'm paying the price.This is the only game I 've ever began playing after dinner and did n't look up to see the time until the sun was rising the next day ... well , with the exception of Sid Meier 's Alpha Centauri , but that 's only because I wanted to get the blasted thing over with and return the game to my cousin.My only complaint is there 's not enough swamp or fungus . It 's delicious to hear the natives get gobbled up by these antipostes .
 A lot of real time `` strategy '' games have one thing in common
 This game is great . The graphics is great . the sound is great . The spells are awesome . Bullfrog have made a great game once again .
 I must admit ... Playing this game as a kid was an amazing amount of fun . No that I 'm an adult ... it really has n't changed that much . Game play is smooth and creative . You 'll spend hours building up your village and tech tree . Graphics are decent considering how old this game is ... and the unprecedented camera controls make viewing the world a snap.I only have two bits of beef with this game . One is everything is control with the left and right mouse buttons , there are no real hot keys to speak of this makes managing large groups of warriors a major pain . Second , there is no real strategy in battle besides using spells . The clumsy AIs and fight engine means whoever has the most units will probably win the battle . Be prepared to build lots of huts.Other than that , this is a really fun game . I recommend it to anyone who is tired of the complete lack of diversity in modern strategy and war games . I 'd really like to see Populous
 Video games for the most part , I leave to the kiddies , but with the release of POPTB , the simulation genre of PC entertainment has attained the next evolution . The strategy involved is similar to that of chess ; position your forces where they have the best chance to triumph in combat , but the similarity ends there . You preside over the specialty of each and every follower , and you do not take prisoners . Followers can be warriors , preachers , even spies , and you can assault by sea , air , and land . Once specialized , the follower can work independently , but you can intervene and retask at will . You can acquire various spells in each world to aid your conquest , but be careful , for each spell has a particular area of effectiveness , and a misplaced spell may not only be a waste of resources but it may backfire and kill your own followers . The ultimate goal is godhood . The 25th world -LRB- named ` The Beginning ' -RRB- , you ascend into heaven and become a god . This perspective is remenicent of the original populous , where you can rove the landscape , delivering your wrath to the unbelievers , whereas in the first 24 , you are a shaman , which means that not only do you have to be within a set proximity of the reciever of your magic , but you can also be killed , depriving your followers of divine protection until reincarnation . If you have ever asked ` Why me , Lord ? '' , then this experience will show that being a god is a full time job .
 I 'm Hooked on this game I played a demo and that was it for me I had to get it . This is one of my favorite games and every one who plays it on my system loves it too so what are you waiting for buy it .
 Though this game was released in 1998 , it still is one of the most entertaining and addictive war games I have ever had the pleasure of playing . In my search to find it again after my parents sold it some years ago , I felt frustrated that I could n't find it anywhere . Thanks to online buying , I found it again . And wow , after playing it again , I 've realized just how much I missed it!As soon as my package arrived with my brand new Populous
 I remember well the original Populous . I was a wide eyed boy when I first watched my elder brother play it on our Amiga 500 . The sheer concept of being a god , watching over these little people and guiding them to success was amazing . The graphics and music were simply gorgeous.And then came populous 2 . I was older then and understood the complexities of the game . Still though I never quite achieved the lofty heights of my brother . I have here a little brown booklet in which he recorded the codes of his levels . He had last left off populous level 143 . Populous 2 at level 302 . The people at Bulfrog certainly knew what they were doing to create such engrossing games . And I was pleased that this tradition was continued.It was a number of years ago , when Populous
 I only have the demo but I ` m getting the full version soon . I love using spells with my shaman . The game is based on a tribe having to defeat other tribes in other worlds . I love making fire warriors and regular warriors as well . I like the earthquake spell and the tornadoe . I gave tis game 5 stars and thats just the demo !
 Based loosley on populous II , Populous the beginning has got to be the best game I have played in a long time . It may be dated -LRB- 1998 -RRB- but you will be incredibly surprised . The game is in full 3-D , with the exception of the shaman -LRB- your character -RRB- and your folowers , which are sprites . My only gripe is the lack of a random map to play on , as in the game it is only the campaign that you play . And even bottom line computers can play this game in full detail level . It still is a very fun and challenging game for almost everybody .
 If you find some screenshots for this game , read a few reviews dated somewhere around ' 98 , and look at the price tag - you may become convinced that the game is too old to be any fun . WRONG ! This game is one of the most fun I 've ever played!I 'm usually obsessive when it comes to the graphics of a game . I observe the texture and shading of every on-screen polygon . But when it comes to Populous , I discovered that despite having dated graphics , it was incredibly fun!You play a Shaman who has to work her way from world to world , defeating the enemy tribes that she may find . For those who like strategy , you can lead your braves and warriors into battle . For those who want magic , your Shaman has spells she can use . For those who are smart , combine both for the ultimate war game!And this is just the minute tip of the iceberg ! The game has all sorts of clever features , like being able to train priests who can convert members of any of the enemy Shamans ' tribe -LRB- yes , there are multiple tribes , which adds excitement as they can battle amongst themselves as well -RRB- to your tribe.Anyway , I 've probably been rambling senselessly here , but I guess I just ca n't recommend this game enough . Buy it !
 This is an incredible game . When I first got it in 1999 , I was immediately hooked . The ability to command your little people to war , to worship the giant stone heads continually nodding gives an incredible feeling . The worlds are formed nicely , allowing you to view the entire planet . The range of spells is vast and extraordinary . Ranging from a tiny Blast to keep the people off of your shaman , to the land splitting Earthquake , or to the devilish Angel of Death , and the mighty Volcano . This game is a must have . I started playing it online two years ago , and I still do .
 Ok , I love this game . It 's one of those `` what time is it '' games that keeps you up until 3:30 in the morning . I really like the feel of the planets you work on . It 's actually a small globe with horizons that curve . The twist , scroll , and zoom control kinda reminds me of Dungeon Keeper -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- . It feels like the landscape is a piece of paper you can twist or rotate to any angle you want . I only have one problem . I get my characters confused with the opposing guys quite often . This is due to the fact that your people are colored blue and cyan , and the enemies are cyan and light yellow , making it quite difficult to control dozens of little cyanish blobs during battle . But other than that , It 's great !
 This is a build & conquer game , but one in which conquest often requires solving a unique challenge . There are fewer routes to greatness than in a game like Sim City or Civilization . The nature of the challenges & the limited number of resources keep the number of options reasonable.Populous resides in the genre somewhere between arcade games and strategy games . Unlike Civilization and Alpha Centauri , events happen in real-time ; there are no turns . Step away from the computer to take a phone call and you can find your team quickly eliminated.The graphics are OK , and the game is efficient enough to run on even a 200 MHz Cyrix , if you turn the music off and run on a small screen . It 's an interesting game , some of the challenges can be quite puzzling , but I do n't find it as addicting as Alpha Centauri . -LRB- If you 've enjoyed this review , please leave positive feedback . Click the `` about me '' link to read my other Amazon reviews . Thanks ! -RRB-
 I had this game years ago and never finished because the disc was broken by mistake . Anyway I bought this and have enjoyed playing up to the point I was . I plan to finish the game soon and hope the rest of it is as enjoyable even though the game is years old .
 This is one of my all time favorite games ! Fast paced and crazy , yet very simple to learn . A great mix of silly and serious , this game has a bit for everyone . It IS a tad on the older side so the graphics are getting dated , but this game will always be great .
 I 've ended up purchasing this game 3 times because I loan the disc out and never give it back . Yes , the game is THAT good . This game has been out over 10 years and it still entertains me . I really wish they 'd make another like this one .
 This game , by far , has to be one of the best stragey games i have ever played . I would have to put it the same boat as the Civilization games , if not better . The only draw back to Populous though , is if you do not have the proper windows based system , it WILL NOT work on your computer . I was told that it would work on Windows XP , but i am still trying to figure out how that is possible ; however , if you have something different , i would waste no time at all purchasing this game .
 I am frugal when it comes to purchasing video games and pc games , at full price . I always wait for the reviews and play the demos before I ever buy a game . Back in 1998 , when I got my first computer , I had subscribed to a pc gamer and the demo for this game was on one of the discs . I tired loved it and went and bought it . This is my all - time favorite game . I have had and played all sorts of games from pc , nintendo , xbox , playstation , dreamcast , etc. , and they all have some great games , but I always find myself going back to this one game . I play it over and over and never get tired of it . Surprisingly there is a whole community who thinks the same and am so happy about it . With new levels being created for online play . Visit strategyplanet.com/populous and you will find a whole world of newness for this game . From the expansion that came out for it to the matchmaker for the online multiplayer option to the Age of Chaos mod for it . I could go on and on on this game . This game is the one that truly made me enjoy pc games and video games .
 This game is the best ! I have so much fun playing it with my sister but she hhogs it and she does n't let me play . but wen i do play it is so much fun !!!!!! I hope peolpe get it but get 2 if they have sisteras cause their mean
 Getting fed up with Black & White , I reinstalled this old game to give it another shot.It 's older , but vastly better . The graphics look convincing enough , and produce convincing worlds in three themes . The music is nice and non-intrusive . The control system is menu-based , with arrow keys used to change angle of view -- you can also go to a world view that shows movements of people and locations of buildings and landmarks in real time.Strategy is based around your shaman and the braves of the tribe . The latter are the grunts . They build , can be converted through specialised buildings into warriors -LRB- who fight -RRB- , priests -LRB- who can convert enemies to your cause or stop your men falling prey to rival priests -RRB- and fire-warriors -LRB- who can throw ranged fireballs -RRB- . The braves , when in huts , charge the shaman with mana for spells . The system for charging and firing spells is wonderfully intuitive , and has a pleasing element of strategy , since the more powerful ones require lots of time and mana to power up -LRB- do I go for a Land Bridge to reach that island , or will I need a Swamp to block that pass from enemy attack ? -RRB- . Once you and your enemies get boats and balloons , you really need to think about strategy . And the Shaman is n't much use in combat against massed forces , so you do need to use combined arms tactics . And when you get a nice suite of apocalyptic spells -LRB- Rain of Fire , Tornado , Volcano -RRB- ready and release them in the middle of the enemy settlements , it 's very impressive . Huts sink into streams of magma or are torn apart by moving land , tornados suck up buildings and throw all the pieces into the sea.There are several gimmick levels -LRB- one where you have 15 minutes to stop the enemy summoning the Angel of Death , one where you do n't have your shaman -RRB- , but these feel challenging and a nice change of pace rather than unwanted interruptions.A note of praise goes to the voices . Though the words are nonsense , the tones of the voices convey both the unit type and what they 're doing -LRB- the priest sounds urbane and cultured , the spy sounds sneaky and devious -RRB- . It 's not easy to describe , but it is a great function.Bad points ? One outstanding one is that you ca n't create groups of troops to select with a keypress . This means that selecting characters in the middle of a big brawl can be a bit awkward.In short , this one has a good control system , sound strategy , and incredible gameplay .
 Okay I only got to play this game in a Demo , but I totally fell in love with it . -LRB- I was particularly partial to setting enemy tribespeople on fire , and yes you can do that -RRB- But What I really liked about this game is that it had a bit of realism to it . I mean the shaman -LRB- the player character -RRB- did not have unlimited power , so if you want set someone on fire you have to at least be in eyeshot of them . Now I know that that may seem tedious and stupid , but really for those who get tired of being ` God ' in games this is a good alternative . The buildings do n't take long to build , the people multiply quickly , and worshiping totems makes sense considering most ancient cultures did . I know there are n't many bad reviews , but I am just this game has awesome graphic , realistic powers , and you get to set people on fire . It ca n't be THAT bad .
 My huband bought the demo several years ago , and I became addicted . When we bought the full game , and it got broken , we bought another one , we even bought one for my sisters in law . This game is fun , we have never had a problem with it . I especially like the fact that the Shaman is a woman and she can kick butt ! The spells are fun , but some take a while to charge.Have fun !
 I got this back when I was still impressed with computers . I thought , `` Wow , these graphics are awesome . '' It is a nice game to look at . And there 's a bunch of stuff to do . Still , it 's not like a real game . It 's more of a `` walk around with Beavis and Butthead , and see what they say about stuff '' kind of deal . Sure , there is an objective , but it 's not much of one . It 's kind of like a mystery thing . You pick up a bunch of items , and give them to people , and they give you an item to give to someone else . And you try to figure out what item to give to who . Through trial and error you can get everything done . You 're never in any danger of dying , but if you 're stuck somewhere , it can be frustrating trying to figure out what to click on and what item to use where in order to progress in the game.Once you get out of the high school , you 'll have fun with this game . It feels like you 're watching the show . You just watch Beavis and Butthead do and say stupid stuff , and it 's great . Despite it being less like a video game than the other Beavis and Butthead games I played , I like this one the best . Beavis and Butthead deliver TONS of comments , and they 're true to their character . I like this `` game . `` I need to remember to tell my sister that I was the first one to review this item .
 I have owned/played this particular naval opps game for approximately ten years or more . I find the game to be very exiting , real time play , authentic equipment , and additive . Some of the weaponery do not function as its real life counterpart weaponery would . I wish there were updates to this game to include the latest equipment -LRB- such as ships , aircraft , and weapons -RRB- . I also wish there were versions of this game for Playstation , XBox , and WII . Great game that I recommend to those gamers interested in military operations .
 If you like playing modern war time games with update ships and aircraft this is game would be a challenge in the higher levels that you go .
 Its a fun Naval war game with good senery , well it is to me and others . It gets very intense when you misiles coming twards your fleet . you need to trust the fleet to do the right thing , like get a good shot at targets . Allthow you need to now when and how to atack the enemy , if youre in good range or if the wepon is goingto be intersepted . So you need to act fast and parerfull . So if you like real time Naval war and you now your Navy this is the game .
 This is an excellent game . Its very realistic in the unfolding of modern naval combat . If you are looking a shoot-em-up or midless blasting of everything in sight , this game is not for you . Modern naval combat is not like it is in the movies or TV , there are stretches of slow , deliberate strategic movement followed by short and intense mindblowing frenzies of combat . The game also really duplicated the dreaded `` fog-of-war '' where things moves so quick , you ca n't keep up with everything . This game was the perfect simulation of real-time , real-life naval warfare . In no less than what you would expect from something with the `` Jane 's '' name on it .
 fleet command is a game for someone with brains . it has a simple point and click interface which is easy to use . fleet command requires you to make the tactical decisions of a fleet including aircraft , carriers , subs , ect .
 I bought Usaf then F/A 18 then WW2 fighters and now fleet command I have been a big Jane 's fan and now that I bought this game I wonder does Jane 's always make games this great.First , the point of this game is to use a navy fleet to totaly destroy your enemy . This game takes a long time to play but it 's an excellent time killer . You have to command Battle ships and even carriers and their aircraft . From the battle ships you can shoot anything from guns to Tomahawk Cruise Missiles . On the carrier you can control the aircraft and helicopters and you can even put aircraft on alert 5 which is on the catapult so if any goes wrong you can launch them right away .
 I DONT NOW WHY THE REVIEWERS GAVE THIS GAME 3,4 STARS ONE PERSON SAID ITS BORING BUT IT ISNT I AM A LITTLE MORE EXPERINCED IN THAT GAME AND I NOW IT ISNT SO BUY IT .
 I bought this game some months ago , and after a few problems which were rectified by contacting their techies , told me to disable my joystick port . Good for the fact that you do n't use a joystick for this game . Now the problems are solved , lets play the game . As an avid reader of Patrick Robinson and Tom Clancy , this game puts you in the operations control room of the most up to date warships of the present day . The graphics level of this game are great although do n't expect too much from the main screen as as the screen get 's more complicated you tend to get a bit lost on what icons are actually corrospond to what ships/aircraft . It takes quite a while to get to grips with this game as you need to concentrate on left clicking the mouse on icons , then right clicking to define an order for that particular platform . All in all as you progress through the game it does get easier as long as you are up to date with what aircraft / sensors give you the best coverage of the warzone . This sounds quite daunting but as Jane 's is the best reference books on military tatics and hardware you get a really good reference section included on the CD . As some of the games begin you realise that things might not be going your way by all the incoming missles/aircraft that are out to sink your fleet . Basically if you keep focused on the task and eliminate the targets as which one 's are threatening you the most you work your way through it . The mission editor lets you make up your own missions anywhere in the world using any amount of military/civilian platforms you care to include . The only downside of the mission editor is that seeing as though you planned the mission you know what platforms to hunt and roughly where to hunt them . The design team at Electronic Arts have really done there homwork on making any of the Jane 's software as they are all very in depth and realistic . All in All if warfare is what you are interested in then buy any of the Jane 's games . Marks out of ten for certain parts are as follow : Realistic = 9 level of graphical detail = 9 playability = 8 difficulty = 8 at first but with more time you do get the hang of it . reference section = 10 the manual supplied = 7 could explain the mission editor a bit betterOVERALL = Buy it , just do n't expect to finish this game quickly Thanks for taking the time to read to the bottom :-RRB- Shuggy 8 -RRB-
 Fleet Command is an awesome game.Jane 's has lived up to it 's ego once again . As the commander of an entire barrage of carriers , battleships , cruisers , subs and aircraft , you must destroy your enemy using whatever means you have at your disposal . Fleet Command 's graphics are fantastic and the game guides you along with pages of info on each of you weapons . A true strategy game , you ca n't just launch a bunch of missles , but set up a network of aircraft to protect , defend , and attack . Although gameplay can be slow at times it 's and overall great game . If you 're not willing to play for more than an hour , do n't expect to have a prosperous career . This is a game that will keep you up all night .
 WOW ! If you are looking for a very good Naval Combat Simulator , look no further . Very impressive 3-D graphics . For example , you can rotate your 3-D screen below the water and view the ship 's propellers ... just spinning away ! On the slightly negitive side , I did have some installation problems , which were fixed by a patch on the Jane 's website . Once the patch was installed , the game does work well with Window 's 98 . I have not had a crash during a game yet -LRB- have had it for a couple of months -RRB- . It does tax my poor old Pentium II 266 in some of the larger missions . All I can say is ... it beats the heck out of Harpoon.Leigh
 Having owned several Jane 's games . I know that some of them can be pretty overwhelming . Fleet Command is one of the better games that has come from the Jane 's series . One , is that there is no big book to read . Two , It combines overall nice graphics of the ships and aircraft . While still adding some complex situations . If you are into ships and aircraft of the Navy . Go get it ! -LRB- But just make sure that you have a pretty nice system to run it on ... -RRB-
 This is a very enjoyable game even with the slow play that may disturb the fast action players . I have to agree with Mr. Mathews in regards to the time compression problem . It is a little frustrating to be thrown into a conflict when the operation first loads . Before you have a chance to view the scene , your are under attack . Modern fleets can not be that surprised with the advanced monitoring systems on board . It would be nice if you were able to sail in to an area before action begins and set up a strategy . Having said that , I still enjoy the game very much .
 Hot Wheels Beat That has 30 unique unlockable cars . You will need to use a combination of precision driving skills and competitive weaponry as you race your competition through life-size environments in your effort to claim 1st place . Some of the weapons that are available are mines , rockets , freeze beam and turbo boost . As you progress through the game you move to different tracks that are in different areas of the house . My Son really likes this game and I have played it several times myself and thought it was one of the best games that I have seen for the Nintendo DS so far .
 My son had been looking for this game for months . Well , I finally came to look for it here and ever since my son received this game , he 's been playing it everyday . He loves it ! Any child that loves hot wheels or car games are sure to love it , too .
 I thought I was about to play one of the worst racing games ever , but to my surprise this game become very addicting , very quickly.Until this game , games like Mario Kart and Asphalt Urban GT 2 where at the top of my list of favorite racing games , but this one I think I have been the most addicted to.to start off you have 3 sets of rounds you can play . You must complete the first to unlock the next , which is Turbo , Nitro and Something else ... in each category is 4 sets of races on each of the 4 tracks , and then a tournament . In the first tournament , you start on the Desktop track . The first race is is a normal 3 lap race , to see who comes first . The second is elimination , where every 30 seconds the person in last place is eliminated till there is only 1 car left . The 3rd is destroy all your opponents.On the tracks , there is some pretty good areas for a DS game . Racing along desktops , golf courses and what not . You also can drive through rings of random power ups , you can get nitro blasts , ice things that you shoot and if it hits an opponent they will be frozen in ice for about 3 seconds , this electricity thing that does the same sort of thing as the ice , a health shield that protects you from enemy attacks , mines , a plasma bomb that will take away enemy 's weapons if they have any , and 3 rockets to blast at your opponents.Also there is a bar that says hotwheels , when you do enough skids or tricks , im not sure what exactly regenerates this , but once it flashes , you can power up your weapons by hitting the R button . Your rockets will become heat seeking , 3 x mines & Ice , and longer range or time on the plasma and shield.It may sound a bit boring running about 120 races through the same 4 levels , but each time , there is a mission to do . It may be to destroy between 10 to 30 opponents , race through all the shortcuts , do a perfect landing on a stunt , or gain a certain amount of points ... but there is one flaw in the game.On the last level , in the first desktop tournament . It tells you you have to go through every shortcut . But on the 3rd round of the tournament , there is no shortcut on the track , making it impossible to get a perfect completion score.As you win races , you unlock the next race , till you get the tournament which is 4 races in a row , one after the other , and when you win , you unlock the next category , and extra cars . There is about 30 cars , all ranging in different speeds , grip , handling and how fast they gain the hot wheels charge up.Overall , besides there being no shortcut as i mentioned , and the occasional glitch , which i thought made the game look more interesting , this is a pretty good little racing game . Very easy at first , but does pose a few challenges in later levels .
 I bought this game for my three year old Grandson and he really loves it . It was a great deal for the price .
 I bought this game gently used for my 6 year old son for christmas . It arrived quickly and played like new in his DS . He absolutely LOVES this game and I 've played it a couple of times and enjoyed it too .
 I bought this for my kids -LRB- boys ages 5 & 7 -RRB- it 's a super fun , not too hard game that even me and my husband love to play
 the best car race game , many options , many cars , smooth movements , all kind of `` power , weapon '' options , amazing , finished all 585 credits , please build more games like that !!!
 This game is played by my younger sons but I have taken a couple of turns too . It is fairly easy to play - hold down the A button down for forward and B for backward motion and the arrow pad for direction . It keeps them interested enough to remain in rotation.There are 12 tracks that mimic actual Hot Wheel play sets and my boys liked this detail . They did not get bored with the same tracks being used over and over again for all 100 + races although I could see an adult or older kid losing interest in repeating the same tracks so often.I found myself playing this game for much longer then I thought and it was fun to race the car around , trying for that perfect score of 5 . Your performance is rated 1-5 after each race.Since this game is still played with 6 months after purchase , it was worth the purchase price . It is not one of those games that got played with all the time and then put away to gather dust .
 My seven year old says , '' I love the game because of the power ups and you can do some cool things . You can shoot missiles , supercharge , and use a star to shut down a car . '' He recommends it to any boys who enjoy car racing games . Hot wheels beat that !
 My four and a half year old likes the game . Is not the best at handling the car in the game , but he likes it anyway .
 I bought it for my three year old that loves hotwheels . I also ended up playing with it . It 's so much fun . Very easy to use and control . Sender sent it in really mint condition and works like new . Recieved it earlier than expected . Will definetly buy from this seller again .
 I love to play this game . It is really fun and exciting to open new courses . You should buy it .
 I do n't really have anything to say about the game . It was Christmas gift for my nephew . As far as I know , he enjoys playing it .
 If you are familiar with the Dune universe and are not that familiar with strategy games , Dune is a good game for you . I have the Sega Genesis version which I played long ago and this game is very similar to that . You have an option to play as anyone of three houses
 This game rules!Its GREAT graphics , awesome gameplay , smooth acceleration , etc.Theres 3 different houses to choose from , each with their own specialtys , weapons , etc.You can play multiplayer with 3 other people with westwoods FREE internet service.You can also `` Practice '' by yourself against other AI 's which is exactly how to set up a regular multiplayer game.If you like games such as Warcraft , Starcraft , Command & Conquer , or Age of Empires 1 or 2 I highly suggest to try this game.Its awesome !! JUST TRY IT !!!!!!
 Dune II is one of the few games which launched the RTS genre in computer gaming , and after several years , the same guys who made Dune II came up with Dune 2000 . In gameplay , everything is virtually the same with Command & Conquer or Red Alert , except the graphics are much better and the units are the same from Dune II . Those who still remember the Sonic Tank , Deviator or the Devestator will certainly see a good look of them in the games . I just wish there was something new distinctive than the other games Westwood made.Aside from the gameplay , the storyline is still the same
 Dune truly is an awesome game . Choose from three houses and battle for control of the spice on the planet Arrakis , or Dune . You get to choose what kind of vehicles and tanks to produce in conquering the entire planet . The graphics are good , but it was probably intended more for the idea of the game , -LRB- Which is flawless -RRB- . Sure made me power hungry . In general , it is a most stunning battle game .
 This game brings me back to my high school days . I never had the opportunity to finish the game in high school . Now that I own it , I have to make time to play it like I used too . I 'm just happy I could find it . It looks just like it did back in the 90s . That 's what I love about it .
 Dune II is one of the few games which launched the RTS genre in computer gaming , and after several years , the same guys who made Dune II came up with Dune 2000 . In gameplay , everything is virtually the same with Command & Conquer or Red Alert , except the graphics are much better and the units are the same from Dune II . Those who still remember the Sonic Tank , Deviator or the Devestator will certainly see a good look of them in the games . I just wish there was something new distinctive than the other games Westwood made.Aside from the gameplay , the storyline is still the same
 WOW . This game is great . It is addictive and fun , while being difficult at the same time . You can choose from 3 different house - each with some unique weapons and people . Also , you can play internet games , or practice for an online game too , with special features . I play on this practice setting regularly because it is so much more fun and addictive , but regular is good too . I highly reccomend this game-especially if you are a lover of Age of Empires 2 and other such games .
 Alright this game is one of my favorite games and i love it but i did run in to a problem and that is you need a 64bit compatible version and is really is a pain trying to get it to instal without that so i would find one that you know for sure is 64bit compatible .
 I do n't think I ever spent as much time on any game as I did this one . The worm used to scare the c ___ p out of me . But mainly I just enjoyed the gameplay which was challenging but not overly difficult to figure out .
 I 've owned all of the games EA has made like this , including Tiberian Sun , Command and Conquer , and the new Red Alert 2 . Everytime they come out with a new version of any of them I have to get my hands on it . It 's just so addictive . I 'll spend hour after hour playing and replaying it . The only thing I wish EA would have done was to have more missions . If you had the time you could beat it in just a couple of days . I find myself getting frustrated with most games when I have a hard time trying to beat them , then I just give up and never play it again . But , I ca n't seem to do that with these . I just keep trying untill I finish the level that is giving me so many problems . I wish that they had a training function like the first Dune game . This game is a whole different build than that game . In the first dune you went around looking for caves that would have Fremen in them that would help you . Some you would make military , and some you would have create farms so you could get more men as the cave grew in population -LRB- it 's been a long time , I may have forgotten some of it -RRB- . Also , they had a space port where you could buy weapons . Now , that would make for a more exciting game for the whole EA family of these games . More , I ca n't wait till the next Dune comes out in 2001 .
 This game is AWESOME.Once you get it you ca n't stop playing it , at least for a couple of days or weeks.This game is A LOT like Red Alert , just better graphics , a different story line , and the tanks look a little different.I would get this game if you love Red Alert or your just bored.I got it cuzz I love Red Alert.But anyways you 'll probally get bored of this game in a couple of weeks -LRB- Even on Multiplayer -RRB- because not that many people play it and its all the same thing over and over again.Thats my opinion so you can try the game yourself and tell me what ya think of it !
 This game is awsome . I would sugest you by it . the weapons are cool and you get to play with three different teams .
 While not new to racing sims , -LRB- NASCAR , CART , Formula 1 , Need for Speed -RRB- , I am new to motorcycle racing . It takes a little getting used to , but ultimately it 's great fun . The graphics are really nice , and the realism levels are impressive . I went the whole nine yards and practiced on every track in order to learn how to handle those awesome bikes.Once I gotpretty used to handling characteristics and course layouts , I did did some racing ... and even at rookie settings it 's a challenge until you get going . Not real crazy about the bike engine sound files , and the heavily multi-layered interface , but it cooks once you 're into it . The AI for the competitors sometimes seems a bit `` too good '' ... but then again I 'm still learning . Have fun !
 One could only imagine the feeling of driving a $ 900,000 McLaren F1 at over 200 mph on a straightaway in Hockenhiem , Germany.In this game you can do it!This is a game with a great physics engine that takes time to master . You can drive about 25 cars.There is a carrer mode , a quick race mode , and a multiplayer mode , all of which are very fun to play . If you are even remotly interested in very fast and VERY expensive sports cars then BUY THIS GAME !
 I bought this title when it first came out -LRB- after waiting a year for it ! -RRB- and have loved it since . It is alright straight out of the box - with great smoke effects , drivability , and setup options . However the incar view is n't that great . But with 3rd party support evrything becomes awesome ! With it you can get realistic physics , visible damage , many cockpits , hundreds of extra cars , etc. . . It 's just amazing the support this game has ! Online Racing is not that great though , but when you can get it to run online -LRB- TCP -RRB- it runs really good -LRB- better than NFS III ever did ! -RRB- This is the sim to get if you are serious about Sports Car racing - you wo n't be dissapointed !
 Once I had all of the settings in place for my Microsoft Force Feedback wheel , this game quickly became a favorite . I bought 5 driving sims over Christmas , and this one was the most realistic . I have actually driven some of the available tracks in real life , and the level of realism is almost frightening.I am a driving instructor with the Porsche Club of America , so I have a pretty good idea of what this should feel like . The visual information as well as the feedback through the wheel are all as close to reality as I have seen outside of the real thing - even compared to the best arcade games . Patience in passing other cars in a race is a necessity , if you expect to make it to the end in a respectable position.Learning a new track in the practice sessions is much like the real thing - no on screen track map , just visual clues to establish turning and braking points , and after getting it right for a lap or two , it is time for a race . This is all very addictive , but it is easy to be exhausted after practice , qualifying and completing a rather long race . It takes concentration and patience , but it is very rewarding if you can take a victory , then upgrade your car with the earnings.I highly recommend this game to anyone with REAL track time , and urge anyone who would like to do it for real to practice with this first .
 I bought Sports Car GT on a reccomendation from a friend . I enjoy racing sims like Cart Precision Racing , Grand Prix 2 , and TOCA . This game is thoroughly addicting . There are varying levels of competition , from the lowest -LRB- GTQ -RRB- to all-out GT1 cars , just like at Sebring or LeMans . The GTQ cars are easy to control , but the gt2 and gt1 cars are a handful . It is hard to relate the adrenaline rush of a Porsche GT1 car at Mosport or a BMW M3 at Lime Rock . The game does a great job of simulating vehicle dynamics . One of my favorite features of the game is that races begin with standing starts , something that takes some getting used to in the higher-powered cars . There is great support for the game on the net , with lots of extra cars , and some new tracks , too.The one drawback to the game is that it is processor hungry , and you really need a 3d graphics card . With my 32 meg NVIDIA card and a 350 Mhz processor I ca n't run all the graphics at most tracks , and I should probably run a reduced field of opponents to improve frame rates.I have to go back to playing the game now ...
 I got Sports Car GT for christmas and it is so real that I still have n't passed the first race on the GT3 season . The only improvement that I think can be made is to stop the opponents from running into your side in a turn when you are on the inside like they are blind . But just the same I love this game and I think that a fan of Sebring will just adore it .
 I got this game for free , as an insert in my new Logitech Force Feedback GP wheel . I bought the wheel for use playing Mobil 1 Rally , so I did n't have too much hope for the game . Surprise , surprise ! Sports Car GT is great ! Startlingly good , even better in comparison to more contemporary games like Nascar 4 . The graphics , although not the most dazzling , are clean and useful -LRB- especially wet-course , night racing -RRB- , the car physics are good , the car modifications are great , and the game is really just good fun . Force feedback support is pretty good . The sound ... is there -LRB- you 'll have heard better , though probably not from a racing game -RRB- . I 've found myself really working at the career mode , practicing the courses before attempting to qualify , then more practice before the race , and I 've been having a world of fun.My gripes are few
 Maybe I 'll be lambasted for this ... I use SCGT to enhance my on-track driving -LRB- and to keep the winter doldrums away -RRB- . I find myself tinkering with various set-ups , and then mirroring those on my race car . I 've driven on several of the tracks you find in this game , and they 're as good as it force feedback wheel . The progressive resistance to driver input is invaluable to getting quicker times on the track . Corner turn-in is either razor-sharp , or dead slow . No amount of air pressure changes or roll bar changes will make a difference . I 've seen some reviews that voiced displeasure with the player 's engine sound melding into other cars on the Amazingly life-like . I become so transfixed while playing this game that a 30 minute sprint race seems to start and end within five minutes ! My wife says she comes into the office and I do n't notice she 's there . Overall , this is a superior game , and does n't cost anywhere near what it costs me to compete on an annual basis . BUY THIS GAME !
 This game came in a bundle with my Logitech WingMan Formula force GP Steering Wheel so I did n't think it would be any good but MAN IT ROCKS !!! There graphics are awesome , there are plenty of cars , and lots of tracks . If you own this game , and want the cheat codes , here they are . `` isi-cheeseman '' = cheat mode * `` isi-tbone '' = all tracks and an opportunity to buy the `` GTR Coupe '' -LRB- GT1 -RRB- or the `` Rattlesnake '' -LRB- GT2 -RRB- `` isi-aardvark '' = more money in career mode `` isi-corsica '' = all upgrades 100 % ^ * cheat mode must be enabeled for any code to work ^ enter this code in the upgrades menu in career modeNote
 This has got to be one of the best racing games I own . I usually drive Nascar games , but I have several other racing sim titles including Sports Car GT , Dirt Track Racing 2 , Nascar Racing 2002 , Midtown Madness 2 , F1 2001 , 1nsane and Rally Trophy , just to name a few . ; -RRB- The graphics are great , and are as good , if not better then several of the newer titles out there -LRB- this game is several years old -RRB- . And there are still plenty of web sites out there with mods for the game . The multi-player game play is about the only weakness I found in the game , but it can still be played online .
 This game is perfect for everyone . I think that I have played this game more than any of the other games that I own . It has good graphics , excellent sound , and works flawlessly with my Force Feedback steering wheel . The cars are a little less adjustable than I would like , especially at the GT1 level , but it is still good . The best thing about this game is that it can be set to be easy , and when you get better , you can crank up the difficulty and the opponents get really aggressive , it 's a blast !
 My son is infatuated with Hot Wheels and I thought he would enjoy playing this game . The gameplay of the racing is a little challenging for a small man -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- but I think he 'll grow to like it in a year or two . The scenery is well done and there are n't many glitches for such a diverse environment to race through -LRB- bedroom , bathroom , minigolf course , etc. -RRB- . The combat elements are not essential unless you 're trying to achieve some of the challenges where they are included but they are fun when you bother to use them . I do n't see paying full price for this game , but if you get it used , there is value there .
 Remember when playing with Hot Wheels was fun ?? Well guess what ? They still are ! This game lets you experience that fun all over again !! Fun for everyone as this game takes you through the house , backyard and several other places . You have the chance to unlock dozens of cars and tracks . Use a varity of weapons to slow your opponents . Replay value is great . I highly recommend this game for anyone that enjoys racing games or HotWheels cars !!!
 If you enjoyed building Hot Wheels tracks and coming up with all kinds of stunts and barriers ... you are gon na love this game . It can get repetitous at times but overall it is a very fun game and surprisingly , can be quite the challenge . If you like the racing games and just want one you can have a great time with ... this is it .
 We rented this game for my son over a year ago . He absolutely loves it . He was 51/2 at the time . We just bought it for him for the holidays and it has provided tons of entertainment . Not educational or anything , but a good racing game that you do n't have to worry about inappropriate language .
 Got this for my son 's 7th birthday he loves to play x box but its hard to find many games that are for his age range , this one was a great choice for us .
 Fun game ! Love getting to race against others , you can also eliminate others while playing . This game has good graphics and fun for all ages .
 My son was so excited for his birthday - and has been playing this every day since - exactly what I wanted
 We got this for our son -LRB- age 7 -RRB- for Christmas , he usually does n't like racing games but he loves Hot Wheels . He definitely loves this game , the graphics are good , the playroom is great . Thanks for such a great game .
 This is an excelent game for all family ! My son is a Hot Wheels fan and love this game .
 You need to do some quick thinking with this game and my little guys do exactly that . Love to watch the race and the grafics ! It is scaled down to a Hot Wheels car ... so you 'll see golf balls , bars of soap and dominoes and other things in a kids bedroom . It really is a neat game for adults -LRB- good luck -RRB- and kids . Would recommend .
 WOTM is a great game in which you assume the role of a monster to fight other monsters while destroying the city around you . The game bases its creatures on the great monsters of cinema past and gives a good variety to choose from . You can unlock 2 more monsters for a total of 10 and many new skins for each monster along the way.The control is responsive and easy to learn . More variations on punches and kicks would be nice , but there is still enough to make this a solid fighting game . The two-player mode is implemented well with the use of a split screen perspective for the monsters when they are far apart , and a single screen shot when they get close together . The transition from split to single frame is awesome.There is no online options which would have made this game even better and given us all something great to play with our network adapters . The cities are good size with lots to destroy and then use as a weapon , but I would like to have had them bigger and more of them . I also would like to see more monsters . Given all this , War of the Monsters is still the best monster fighting game around on any system and loads of fun to play with kids or adults .
 I ordered this game for my kids who had played it at a friends house . We could not find it in the stores . They really enjoy playing this game and introducing it to other friends as well .
 Ian Royak # 19i have beaten this game more than a thousand times 1019 as a matter of fact . i 've been counting . anyway this game is fun . which monster will win I will with the help of CONGAR.i have also made a possible record of not diing in the free for all mode with 1,219,509 wins without diing and still running .
 . . if you like a bunch of 100ft . tall monsters beating eachother up as badly possible . I myself have done this plenty of times with my brother -LRB- yet another victim to addtiction of games -RRB- and beat him every single time . This game made meh think of the godzilla thing or something like that when I playing . WARNING ! DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF YOU HATE WHINING SIBLINGS WHEN YOU BEAT THEM AT THIS GAME ! omg ! that can drive you crazy !! >> ... sorry , off topic . NE WAYs . This game has sort of good graphics , although the split screen confused meh . When playing in the 2 player mode , there is a split screen , but sometimes , when your fighting eachother , the 2screens sort of . . how should I say , fuse together , which I dun know about you but that really can get you dizzy after a while . I like the 1 player game , there is an endurance mode , which I like to use as `` training '' , this is where you basicly beat up as many other mosters as you can without dying . The game picks the mosters they want you to kill however , after you die , you recieve these points , based on how many mosters you killed before dying . The points you recive are for unlocking other characters , places to battle , and mini-arcade-games . The other mode is free-for-all mode , your basic pick a monster and beat him as many times you want . The last one is adventure , I myself have beaten this mode 46 times and still beating it . But after each battle , you also get points for unlocking stuff . The final boss is SOO easy , I beat it in hard mode 23 times , and for each time beating the final boss in hard mode , you recieve around 60,000 points.GAH ! off topic again , oh well . I 'd say this game has everything a good multiplayer game needs , everything but more characters . -LRB- Did I mention that you should n't get this game if you hate really easy one player games ? ok , DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF YOU HATE REALLY EASY ONE PLAYER GAMES !!! . good , hope this was helpful , if it was n't , you just read ... .
 I loved this game ! It is very good and I want to influence others to play it !
 I think this is a really good game you can play as ten other people and there are two other secret people there are ten levles that you can destroy for the people ypu can play as are congar -LRB- ape -RRB- robo47 -LRB- robot -RRB- togera -LRB- lizard -RRB- Ultra V -LRB- super robot -RRB- agamo -LRB- tiki -RRB- Kineticlops -LRB- electricity -RRB- preytor -LRB- praying mantis -RRB- and Magmo -LRB- lava monster -RRB- you can go to levles like alien ships to volcanos to power plants and las vegas I promis you will love this game its the best
 Great fighting game . I got it the first day it came out and have been playing since . Still love this game .
 War of the Monsters is a game for all ages -LRB- not too young , anyway the game puts you in as one of ten different monsters . Its fighting system and controls make it easy for anyone to pick up !!!! To top it off , you wo n't be able to put the game down for hours . It 'll be a favorite for years to come . I hope they make a sequel !
 This game is great . This is the first time I gave a game 5 stars . The action is intense . The AI is very smart & resourceful . The buttons are smooth & simple yet very effetive . The monsters move great & are very fluent . No glitches or slow downs . The best part of the game is causing total mayhem !! Crushing building & destroying helicopters have never been so fun . The building are detailed great , & the lighting & colors add to it . EVERYTHING is destructable . Once I took out every building standing & battled in smoked filled rumble . Almost anything can be used as a weapon . If you can pick it up you can use it !! The stages are great & are very authentic to the 50 's theme . The music is good for this game . Not overly impressive but still nice.My only complaint is the number of Monsters . I wanted more then 10 !! -LRB- You start out with 8 . You need to buy the other 2 -RRB- I was also disapointed that the monsters I unlocked werent as good looking as the monsters you start of with . This sucks . The replay value is still high cause you have alot of stuff to unlock , from alternate costumes , monsters , mini game etc. .
 The graphics are great and so is the fighting . If you buy this game I think , no garuntee that you will love it . Everyone I know who has this game loves it and would n't trade it for anything . Buy this game and have a great time !!!
 Up front I will admit that I am not a gamer - at least not like my friends are . I only own half a dozen games and I pick them based on their uniqueness , and being single they tend to be games that do n't require others to enjoy . That said I love War of the Monsters for allowing me to the ability to mindlessly destroy and entire city -LRB- raze it to the ground -RRB- and blow off steam in a socially acceptable way . The graphics are of a high enough quality that I do n't spend my time nit picking the look of it and allow myself to become immersed in the mayhem . Now that I am thinking of it I will probably pop it in for a while tonight before I go to bed . The down side for me is that I have unlocked everything and really have nothing else to look forward to , unless of course I start again from scratch ...
 After playing with `` War '' for a bit , you start to find little gems to pull on your competiton . Like using an I-beam as a baseball bat to whack thrown debris back at your opponents . Or , try to catch objects and then toss them back . These plus the combos are just the kind of gems that turn this fun little toy into a game that wo n't easily get old ! Too bad it doe n't have 4 player or net connection . I 'd give it a 5 for either .
 We 've only been able to experiment with the demo , but so far it 's a terrific game ! You can choose from all kinds of different monsters -- from a King Kong-like monster to electric energy monsters . As you battle your opponent , your monster can pick up cars , pieces of buildings , etc. and throw them at each other . The 3-D environment is captivating . You wo n't be able to put it down !
 Ive written many monster stuff on this site this my first video game review this was one of the best video game i have ever played 3 of the monsters are simaler to movie monsters buy this !
 This game is so cool ! Personaly , I love Raptroce the dragon . I would have to say that this is one of the best games ever!It deserves a five star rating for sure !
 War of the Monsters has a very good idea going , but it kind of lacks the effort to make it happen . The game is about monsters from movies fighting each other in full 3-d battle areas . Where you can destroy buildings , pick vehicles up , throw parts of buildings at your enemy , and even grab a piece of metal to use as a sword . The game is good but not great and here 's why.Graphics
 This game might be the direct competion for Game Cube 's Godzilla game , but I would buy this game over the Godzilla game hands down . The latest issue of Playstation magazine has a demo for the game on the CD that comes with it . All reviews for this game are based on that demo and the HUGE review the magazine had on it . The entire game has a B movie feel to it , which I thought I would not like , but when the game started it fit perfect.The Monsters
 What a groovy game!War of the Monsters is fast , frenetic , and incredibly fun ! Players take control of a 50 's - style monster movie monster . There 's a glowing plasma creature with one great eye , a Kong-style gorilla , a lava monster , a distinctly American-style gargantuan robot , a sleeker Japanese-style robot , a giant praying mantice , and more.Unlike the slow , hulking , Toyo Studios-style monsters in Godzilla
 If you like high-action , high-destruction -LRB- but not bloody , not obscene , not offensive -RRB- action games , this should definitely be in your PSII games collection ! Kids and adults alike will definitely enjoy this one ... great video , great sound , a wide variety of options . Only thing I do n't care for is when , in two-player mode , the screen shifts from a split to a single screen ... and then back . It can be disorienting and throw your `` perfect '' game off a bit for a few moments . But that is a very minor negative for what is otherwise an immensely fun and intense game !
 This is probably one of the only games of its kind.Its nothing like godzilla melee.Almost everything is destructive or responsive.The characters are great and most are based from old monster movies.There are also 2 unlockable characters and tons of levels.Theres also 4 costumes for each monster and the first 2 are free.Heres a secret , if you have twisted metal black and have a saved game on your ps2 you can unlock the sweet tooth costume which is agamos 4th costume.You can through spears , rubbel , cars , airplanes , etc.The only bad thing is its only 2 players.Otherwise , this is a great game .
 This game is fun if you like fighting games.This game is hard because you have to battle monsters like you to get tokens which helps you to unlock tracks and monsters.This game allows you to pick up items like spears and then lets you throw them at somebody and then you can pick the person up and throw them really far.This is an excellent game .
 This game is great . I am not usually a big fan of brawler games , but this one has plenty to -LSB- pull -RSB- me in . One , the retro design of the game just oozes style which really appeals to me . The opening intro movie is great , and the cut scenes -LRB- which I skip in most games -RRB- in adventure mode are specific to whichever monster you choose to play and actually show something about what is going to happen . Cut scenes are easily skipped which is the way it should be . The music is done in a over-the-top symphonic style that fits the old monster movie theme perfectly . It seems to build as you get deeper into a battle and seems to get most dramatic right at the high point of the battle.The game places you right into the middle of an environment with other monsters to battle . You can pick up things lying around and use them either to hit other monsters if they are within range or you can throw them at them . Cars , planes , fallen pieces of buildings , antennas , water towers , etc. can be picked up . If you pick up something that looks pointy like an antenna , throwing it at another monster will impale them , they will be stuck there for a few seconds and you can really pound them . The environment also contains powerups for health and Special . Maxing out your special points lets the monster do one of its powerful special attacks.There are 8 different monsters at the beginning . I played through adventure mode with Preytor , a praying mantis monster , and Ultra-V , a robot that sort of resembles Buzz Lightyear . The are a few differences between the monsters-how they fly - Preytor could stay up until his special meter was out while Ultra-V could only blast off and come down-their lazers -LRB- Ultra-V 's seemed more powerful -RRB- , and their special attacks . Each monster gets 2 different extra-powerful attacks . I preferred Ultra-V 's attacks because he had one you did n't have to aim.There are easy , medium , and hard settings . I have only played easy , I would hate to see how bad I 'd get beat up in hard setting as the computer controlled monsters in this game seem to be incredibly smart . During a battle if they start to get low on health , they will leave you and go look for health powerups . They block and use different kinds of attacks which mixes you up to the point you could swear you were playing another person.I have played the game in two modes , two-player and adventure mode . I played two player with my son who did n't like getting beat up - so we just added a couple of CPU monsters into the mix and both beat them up instead . Adventure mode for one player is a series of battles with some bosses mixed in The bosses are the standard `` figure out the pattern '' type but they are new monsters instead of just harder versions of the 8 characters . Adventure mode can be played through in 6-8 hours for a beginner on easy but more gameplay is availibale by playing through with a different monster - the series of enemy monsters and places is the same each time however . Completing each battle in adventure mode earns battle tokens which can be used to unlock `` skins '' which amount to different paint jobs for each monster.On the down side there are a few things that stop this game from being perfect . First , it can get frustrating . The levels should be challenging but maybe not take a few hours to beat on easy mode . Second , the game suffers from camera problems . Sometimes your character gets around facing the camera which makes it hard to figure out which way to move . When attacking a monster from long range , you lock on to it then shoot or throw things at it . If you do n't lock on , you will miss - why ca n't it lock on automatically ? . Then when you try to lock on in a 2 monster battle , sometimes it picks the monster you do n't want and you ca n't retarget to the other one . Finally sometimes you can be standing around and you will just blow up and lose 1/4 of your health - obviously one of the other monsters throws something at you but you never see it coming - maybe some kind of `` incoming '' warning would be nice like a falling whistle sound.But the bottom like is that with falling buildings , big monsters , and the ability to pick up most anything and use it as a weapon , how could you go wrong ?
 EACH TIME I PLAY THIS GAME I GET GASI DONT KNOW WHAT IT IS BUT I WHOLE HOUSE ENDS UP SMELLINGI TRIED TO RETURN THE GAME BUT THEY SAID THE BOX COVER SMELLEDI AM VERY UPSET AND I DECIDED TO WEAR DIAPERS
 this game is the best ! I rented this game and I was in love at the start . You can destroy the whole town ! I started picking up buildings and throwing them at the ground . My favorite character is the King Kong type guy . In adventure mode , the bosses -LRB- I think -RRB- are not hard . I think it 's sad that there 's only a few copies that I can find . If you 're thinking ` bout getting this game , get it while you still can . This truly is the best game in the world . The only thing bad about this game , is that it 's incredibley easy once you get the hang of it . And also , `` Congar '' is the stupidest name I 've ever heard of .
 when i first heard about this game , i remembered the old Neo-Geo games King of the Monsters 1 and 2 . they were great ! they were fighting games where you played giant , mutant monsters , and you could pick up buildings and stuff and throw them . i was hoping this game would be similar . it was ; unfortunately , too similar.the environments are very real and very interactive . when i saw that this game was developed by Incog Inc , the people that developed Twisted Metal Black -LRB- one of ny favorite games -RRB- , i got my hopes up . what really killed this game is the controls and the difficulty . each monster has its own unique attacks , and to do them , you have to push the buttons in the right order and combination . whenever i tried to do them , it did n't seem to make any difference than button-bashing . there is a block button , but it does n't do squat ; the enemies can still knock you out while blocking.the difficulty was something else . i played on Easy for a while , and it was too easy at times . when i played on Medium , it was often WAY too hard.i was hoping that this game 's saving grace would be its Unlockable secret features , but even those are n't too special . you can unlock primarily different graphical layouts for the characters -LRB- the game calls them `` costumes '' -RRB- . the costumes make no difference in gameplay . you can also unlock two secret characters and a few minigames such as `` Dodgeball . '' to unlock things , you use Game Tokens , of which you win a different amount after each level . different Unlocks cost different amounts of tokens . this seems too easy ; in Twisted Metal , you had to work to unlock the secret stuff . in this game , you just have to play the game over and over until you can afford the stuff.i know i 've been a Negative Nancy throughout this review , but i will say that War of the Monsters is not a bad game . it is sort of fun , perhaps one of those games that 's just fun to play on multiplayer.it is worth the rent . i advise you to rent it and see what you think.this has been Apollyon ^_^
 This game took me by surprise as being one of those quirky games that sparks your interest immediately as being different , not quite a Rampage or King of Monsters or a wrestling game though it certainly has the feel of a combination of different games . Anyway it 's quite fun , even better with a buddy playing along . The action kicks pretty intense and you have two additional monsters you can unlock with a point system and use as well . My only gripe with War of the Monsters is that the one player story game is too short . Otherwise this game is a fine addition to your PS2 library .
 I have been prescribed to OPM for a couple of years . One issue came with the demo disc for War Of The Monsters . I played and was amazed at what seemed to be a lame little destroy building pick up car to Real combat with other monsters and actually using your environment to your advantage . Now the real characters are as follows . I may not have all but this is what the OPM mag . says . Ultra V. a jap . robot . Agamo is like a giant tiki rock-like-being with flames . Togera is a reptilian sea monster . like a mini godzilla . Then Congar the king-kong type ape . -LRB- playable in demo -RRB- . Robo-47 is your classic military robot . He has a huge machine-gun on his chest that he can fire . Preytor is a big praying mantis that can fly around the level . Kineticlops is a electric body and a huge eyeball . -LRB- playably in demo -RRB- . That 's all OPM listed but you may be able to unlock ... ! Also it 's -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- . That 's a good price for a brand new recent game . War of the Monsters got 5 stars from OPM . IN case you 've been wondering what OPM is it 's Official Playstation Magazine . Ok , from what i 'm looking at in the mag . Togera does n't look mini . Sorry for that . The control is also very good and not complicated . So that 's the facts not the Opinions . If this was helpful please click yes so that I know I helped . Thanks !!!! ... Hope you have a good time .
 This is one of the best games ive played for PS2 . It 's fun to try to beat your freinds or the CPUmonsters with every monsters . Even though theres only 8 , and 2 unlockable ones , it 's still really fun.My Best Monsters :1 . Raptros -LRB- unlockable -RRB- He Looks Like a dragon , Breathes fire , flies etc. 2 . TogeraLooks like a Godzilla lizard thing . Breathes green acid/fire , jumps really far3 . KineticlopsLooks like a cyclops made out of electricity . He 's kinda slow , but his projectiles can lock on a move diffeerent directions4 . Zorgulon -LRB- unlockable -RRB- 5 . Robo-476 . Congar7 . Preyator .8 . Magmo9 . Ultra V10 . Agamovery very fun game .
 First thing i like to do in this review is ask why ? why is such a great game not being sold anymore , besides on amazon marketplace and e-bay . this game never got onto the great hits list . Matter of fact hardly any newer games are . this game is the best take on big monster movie type brawls , and if anyone ever played that awesome game for the sega genesis King of the Monsters , you would totally appreciate how awesome this game is . massive levels , Co-Op freaking sweet i must say , i 'm a huge fan of co-op . this game even got great reviews when it came out , so why is this not being sold anywhere anymore .
 It 's like they took everything that I loved about the monster game genre -LRB- King Of The Monsters , Rampage -RRB- , used it and improved it . So , yes you can feel the king of the monsters feel in it . But , it does it 's own thing which is a lot bigger . The single player is very enjoyable and with solid A.I. and absolutely packed with features . You also have options of easy or normal , easy being challenging and normal being hard ! . So far I 've used Magmo and Ultra . You can really feel the differences too , Magmo is super slow , but strong . He 's just amazing to watch in action and Ultra V will probably be everyones favorite . He 's like using a transformer or samurai mech toy you had as a kid . Lazer eyes -LRB- Complete with the ` bzap bzap ' sound effects -RRB- , a plasma samurai sword and turbo boosters . Every monster I have seen so far is impressive and the intro is one of the best I have seen in a game in a long , long time.The control system becomes 2nd nature within a few minutes of play and the camera is almost flawless . Playing the game with the mechs is an absolute blast and it feels different then playing with the other monsters . It 's hard to explain but fefinitely , my favorite character is Ultra V . A Samurai Mech who knows Kung Fu , shoots lazers froms his eyes , has a grappling hookfor the classic ` Get Over Here ' move ' , and a plasma sword . The sound effects of his jet boost are classic , and the metal impact his strikes and landings make are nothing short of spectacular . His Gundam voice has to be mentioned also . My friend has fallen in love with using Robo 47 , the American Mech . A very cool robot if I do say so myself . Other cool ones are of course the lava monster , Magmo . Ultra powerful . The rock monster , Agamo who has the best voice in the game . His sound effects are amazing , you can hear the rock against metal , or whatever surface he is hitting landing on.The destruction of the city is amazing , eveything is destructible and it visually implemented to perfection . Smooth framrate throught the entire game , for both single and multiplayer modes . It 's about as much fun as I have had with a game , maybe ever . It 's hard to say whether it will go down as one of my all time faves , because I ca n't test it 's staying power like that yet , but it 's a blasr.It feels like a monster movie come to life . I feel like a little kid playing it as do my friends . Togera -LRB- the Godzilla/Beast from 20,000 feet below -RRB- has got to be one of the coolest looking monsters I have ever seen . Especially his Mecha-Togera outfit , his green fire breathe is cool as heck , a great special . I can say the same about all the monsters really , they are straight out of some great campy 50 's Horror flic . The designers really captured that great work those old movies did , it makes your imagination feel great while you play . My friend I just got done playing a MARATHON session . We unlocked a few secrets . The best being this -LRB- Not about sweet tooth , who is a secret character in the game ! -RRB- ... is that you can unlock skins ! It 's become apparent to me that the 4th version is either an entirely new design or an amazing offshoot to the original . This is a very cool treat in my opinion . Unlocking the 4th of each monster is almost like getting a new character . These are n't just skins , but new designs ! Kudos to Incognito for including something so cool . And multiplayer , wow . Whereas bouts in most fighting games are over in a few minutes , you can make a single fight last for over 20 minutes . A friend and I went at it tooth and nail late one night as his Ultra V took on my Robo-47 in an epic ` best of three ' fight that took nearly an hour to complete . As you learn the levels , you start to understand how to best use the items , and can really keep things challenging . Health and energy icons spawn in specific locations to help make the fights about more than just beating on each other so their is endless replay value . This is some of the most fun I have had with a ` new ' game in a long time .
 yes you can infact play as a giant floating eyeball his name is KINETICLOPShe 's pretty weak but COOL heres a list of all the monstersRaptros
 This game was a favorite of my grandkids and I needed another one . It came in very good shape and on time .
 The monsters were great . I enjoyed playing the game with my 12 year old son .
 This is the greatest fighting game that I have played . I first played it at a relative 's house and fell in love . The array of characters is fantastic , each one having their own unique qualities . I love the variety of environments , each one having different gameplay opportunities . The only thing that I had a problem with were the mini-games . They lacked purpose and are pretty one-sided . The Big-shot one is also very hard to understand ; however , they are fun just as a little break from the large amounts of action the rest of the game provides . I especially like the two-player mode . It is a great way to spend time with a friend , and it runs very smoothly , combining you onto one screen for close combat . Do n't listen to the reviews that say it comes down to smashing buttons . You actually have to think to win a fight . Do n't get me wrong , this is definitely not a strategy game , but you do have to plan , should you run , hide , punch , throw something , use your special attack ? It is a really well rounded game . My main issue is that the adventure mode is very short and easy to beat ; however , it may be harder on levels other than easy . -LRB- I just now learned there were other levels . -RRB- Overall , I loved this game and would recommend it to anyone who wants a well rounded , fun , and unique fighting game .
 This game is so awesome !!! I `` borrowed '' it from my friend and he could n't force me to give it back for over half a year ! My favorite is the praying mantis dude . I like insects so I got instantly interested in him . It may be short , but you can still try to beet the game with every character to see how they were created , wich takes a while -LRB- I was never able to beet it with the lava guy -RRB- .
 This game is a lot of fun , i found myself playing it for a month already , and 3 or 5 hours each day!Theres 13 levels that have buildings that you can destroy , in fact you can destroy the whole level!thers 10 monsters and each with four types skins for example theres an originalking kong and theres one that 's half robot and there 's an original giant praying mantis and theres an ant version.the levels have buildings that can be destroyed , in fact you candestroy the whole level and you can pick up anything you want to use against other monsters , theres long steel grinders that you can use as clubs to hit other monsters , and theres long sharp objects that you can use as spears to impale other monsters , and theres objects that you can throw like cars and rubble.here are all the playable monsters in the gameCongar-giant king kong-like gorilla.he has medium speed and his punches are pretty strong and his special atack is a powerfull sonic roarPreytor-huge praying mantis.he walks super quickly and fights quickly but his energy runs out kinda quickly.his special atack is a larvae that sucks out life from enemies.Kineticlops-a eyeball with a body of elecricity.when he fights his punches reach out through a long range and his projectiles are powerfull and track enemies greatly but he is a little slow.his special atack is a strong eletricution from a long rangeRobo-47-a giant millitary robot.he jumps high and some of his punches are pretty cool but slow.his special atack is an atomic missle that makes a big explosion.Raptros-dragon . he can fly and he fights good but he is kinda slow.his special atack is breathing fireZorgulaun-big brained alien , looks sorta like mars atacks.he is quick but his punches are a liitle slow.his special atack is a fleet of ufos that atack enemies
 This is a really cool game , i borrowed it from a friend and played it for 2 hours with him ! it IS SO FUN ! in 2 player mode anyways . In the single player mode is WAY TO DIFFICULT , i tohught i could handle the medium mode , but it killed me within 2 minutes , so i tried easy , i killed him , once ! If you have any body to play with , or having a party , i would reccomend the eytoy , and this game , for the best game party EVER ! SO FUN !
 i played this game and fell in love instantly . i have no clue what people are talkin about when they say it gets repetitive . this game is AWSOME . if u like super smash bros and even soul caliber2 youll love war of the monsters . if you have a choice between super smash bros melee and wotm , wotm all the way .
 EACH TIME I PLAY THIS GAME I GET GASI DONT KNOW WHAT IT IS BUT I WHOLE HOUSE ENDS UP SMELLINGI TRIED TO RETURN THE GAME BUT THEY SAID THE BOX COVER SMELLEDI AM VERY UPSET AND I DECIDED TO WEAR DIAPERS
 My boy and I have lots of fun with this game . You can unlock a fair amount of characters and costumes , but overall the replay value is pretty limited.A very sweet game though . I love these little monsters . Not awfully creative , but fun nonetheless . -LRB- Smashing buildings is especially fun -RRB- .
 There is a ton of stuff you can do in this game ! Pick up objects and throw them at your enemy and you can even pick up an I-beam and hit objects back that are thrown at you or catch objects thrown at you . -LRB- It does take some timing though -RRB- Great game play , easy controls , -LRB- Easy enough for my daughter to play with me which is great ! -RRB- and easy concepts on what is going on . Lots of extras like skins , places to fight , and characters.As far as the one player adventure mode it does take some time to getting use to fighting two monsters at one time because they are relentless.The downfalls are no 4-player mode or online experience , the camera views are tricky at times , lock-ons should be on the monster closer to you , and no two player cooperitive.It makes up for what it does ` nt have very easily . The best part is my 4 year old daughter still has ` nt beaten me ! : -RRB-
 Absolute dream game . If I were to sit down and create a game it would be just like that . Loved it
 When I recieved the game it was in mint condition and even had the manual and poster . The disk was almost flawless and I am not disappointed at all . The game itself is very fun and I used to play it all the time and I 'm happy I can finally be reunited with it .
 So I got this today which is August 1 , 2012 and I got to say this game is quite good . Now then , let 's start off with the controls ; the controls are a bit wonky at first but I am certain that once you get used to it then it becomes decent HOWEVER , I ca n't say the same for the camera controls . The reason why I said that is because the camera is glued to your character so if you are trying to move the camera left and right you are also turning the character left and right but you can also do the same thing with the left analog stick , great which defeats the purpose of having camera control option to begin with . The graphics and effects are good and the music is in my opinion decent but hey , what do you expect in a game that sets itself around the 1980 's . There is however the A.I behavior which some gamers do n't look into much , the A.I has a tendency to hog health when it 's health is low . This can become frustrating at times but what really turns my guts so much that I ca n't breathe is that it 's on every A.I which means that if you are fighting a flying monster -LRB- s -RRB- then they 're going to run off like a bitch and grab the most powerful health pick up which sometimes it 's out of your reach as a grounded character . So you better get some coffee because it 'll take you forever to do this unless you can get the monster into a corner for as long as possible . For the way how the A.I works , I suggest having an Action Replay at hand just in case you do n't have anymore patience to chase around a mutant bug for two straight hours . There 's apparently a storyline but I do n't find it too interesting , the only thing I find nice is that the alien sludge can turn ordinary creatures into monsters . Overall I give this game a 9 out of 10
 Came in great condition and have been Having an amazing time with the game considering I have n't played this game since I was like 13 .
 great multiplayer action , the controls take a little getting used to -LRB- I recommend switching to a different preset than the default , I think it 's the second one that 's good , I ca n't remember -RRB- but it 's a good brawling game . Play it with your step-dad and bond . He wants you to like him !
 War of the Monsters is amazing but it lacks a few features that would make it even more amazing . I have beaten the Story mode several times over to unlock several characters and costumes . It is very similar to Super Smash Bros and having the giant monsters fighting is great . I felt that the game was a parody of the Giant Monster movie genre but its more of a tribute to it.A few features that are lacking are the story mode and the menus . When you go through the story its the same Adventure over and over for each character . It would be cool to have some sort of character specific adventures but the gameplay is so good that it makes up for it . The main menu is something that is easy to use but was very simple and when you unlock the origin cutscenes of several monsters the only way to see them over again is to fight through story mode again to see them.Overall the game is a must for any Hardcore gamer and a must for anyone who likes Smash Bros. .
 My son loved it . Non stop fun for him and his friends ! Quick shipping , product in excellent condition !
 War of the Monsters is one of my favorite games for the PS2 ! Anyone who enjoyed watching monster movies on Saturday afternoon will love it . It is incredibly fun in one - and two-person modes and the destructible environments add tremendously to the game play . How often do you get to knock a building over as an attack on you opponent ?! My biggest gripe with War of the Monsters is the lack of online gameplay and the limited selection of monsters you get to play . To be fair , War of the Monsters came out before Sony had their online capabilities in full swing . It 's a shame though , because with online gameplay War of the Monsters could have really been one of the best games for the platform.Nonetheless , War of the Monsters packs a monster punch !!
 Son enjoys this game because he can be a monster and destroy things without getting in trouble ...
 this is one of the best games ever . all of the levels are fully destructible . another good thing about it is you can throw just about anything you see . its also funny seeing the people when they get smashed and the blood is all over the ground . i highly recomend this game to someone who loves fighting games and a little humor along with it . BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is like Super Smash Bros. . Melee for Gamecube but you have more manuverablility and you are playing with 100-foot tall monsters!This game is really fun playing versus your fiends or playing versus computers . The computers are challenging , even in Easy mode!You can destroy every visible object in every level . You can set off volcaninc eruptions , tidal waves , earthquakes , etc.This game is very realistic . You can use your environment to demolish your opponent ... like grabbing helicopters from the air , blowing up your opponent with a fuel truck ... You can also play baseball ! If you have a steel girder , and someone throws an item at you -LRB- besides a weapon that you can be impaled with -RRB- you can bat it right back at them if you swing at the right time ! You can also catch most objects if you time it right.Adventure mode is very entertaining . The bosses are fun to beat.When you either kill a certain amount of monsters in endurance mode or by playing adventure mode , you earn tokens . You need tokens to unlock stuff . Even though it is hard to unlock stuff -LRB- it takes a long time to earn enough tokens to buy something because they are expensive -RRB- , it can be made easier by beating the game , and then when you load the game you have beaten already , you 'll be fighting the last boss again . He gives you a lot of tokens , and he is pretty easy to beat -LRB- at least , in easy mode -RRB- after you beat him once.This game is awesome , bottom line .
 The game 's premise : Aliens invades Earth . Earth counterattacks the aliens , and destroy some of their spaceships . The ` juice ' that leaks from the aliens ' spaceships give rise to a whole new threat to Earth 's existence
 the game is alot of fun 2 player but after about an hour it starts to get old but it is worth . so you should buy it ,
 War of the monsters is a greatly polished game . The animations and drawing look great.Oh , and you ca n't forget about those great graphics . I 'll tell you there is nothing better then picking up a piece of metal and sticking it through oppennet.The game is basically a free-for-all with little replay for one player . In the game you pick a monster and u just kill erverything and every1.You can pick up just about anything is this game like cars , sharp pieces of metal , tanks , bolders , and so on . But this game has some problems . it is kinda difficult and is probaly for an experieced gamer , but if your a newbie still pick this up . also the controls arent very good and you will be doing alot of button mashing . But overall this game is great and any1 can jump into this and have fun .
 This game was postively awesome . It is bassically a fighting game for up to 2 players , and when playing multiplayer it resorts to a split screen mode which eventually resorts to a full screen combat when all combatants in the arena gather in one placed to brawl . The game is simply amazing , as you climb tall buildings and jump from rooftop to rooftop . Most of the enviorment is fully interactive from the sword in Gambler 's Gulch which you can take out and use as a powerful weapon to the UFO in one arena where you can toss something at it and create a huge tsnumai . The game is simply amazing . The graphics are great and the fighting is also awesome . When you pummel a building it either slowly sinks into the ground , or sometimes it cracks in half and falls crushing any unspespecting monsters . This is a great game , and the fighting is absolutely seamless . The enviorment is so fully interactive that you can battle in a huge city and soon there will be no buildings left . When you can jump from rooftop to rooftop it is absolutely amazing , espesially when you and an opposing monster take to the rooftops to a battle high above the ground .
 This is a fun game . A great way to kill some brain cells . Not much to think about , just bash everyone and everything in sight . My only complaint is that your character becomes overly sluggish at times , especially when it 's under attack . There seems to be a bit of a controller-responsiveness issue when someone attacks and you try to block , move out of the way , return fire , etc. . Other than that , it 's a lot of fun . Nothing beats destroying entire cities and impaling your opponents with radio-towers and other sharp projectiles !
 This game is the best game I have ever played ! I got the demo disc from an issue of PSM and got hooked ! There were only two playable characters and one level , but I could n't put it down . Incog did an amazing job of making a monster-combat game ! I have had the game since just after the new year and I am still playing and having the same amount of fun ! There are no downsides in my aspect of the game ! I suggest anyone ! ... to get War of the Monsters !
 It 's like they took everything that I loved about the monster game genre -LRB- King Of The Monsters , Rampage -RRB- , used it and improved it ! So , yes you can feel the king of the monsters feel in it . But , it does it 's own thing which is a lot bigger . The single player is very enjoyable and with solid A.I. and absolutely packed with features . You also have options of easy or normal , easy being challenging and normal being hard ! . So far I 've used Magmo and Ultra . You can really feel the differences . Magmo is super slow , but strong . He 's just amazing to watch in action.Ultra V will probably be everyones favorite . He 's like using a transformer or samurai mech toy you had as a kid . Lazer eyes -LRB- Complete with the ` bzap bzap ' sound effects -RRB- , a plasma samurai sword and turbo boosters . Every monster I have seen so far is impressive . And , the intro is one of the best I have seen in a game in a long , long time.The control system becomes 2nd nature within a few minutes of play and the camera is almost flawless . Playing the game with the mechs is an absolute blast . And it feels different then playing with the other monsters . It 's hard to explian . Definitely , my favorite character is Ultra V . A Samurai Mech who knows Kung Fu , shoots lazers froms his eyes , has a grappling hookfor the classic ` Get Over Here ' move ' , and a plasma sword . The sound effects of his jet boost are classic , and the metal impact his strikes and landings make are nothing short of spectacular . His Gundam voice has to be mentioned also . My friend has fallen in love with using Robo 47 , the American Mech . A very cool robot if I do say so myself . Other cool ones are of course the lava monster , Magmo . Ultra powerful . The rock monster , Agamo who has the best voice in the game . His sound effects are amazing , youcan hear the rock against metal , or whatever surface he is hitting landing on.The destruction of the city is amazing , eveything is destructible and it visually implemented to perfection . Smooth framrate throught the entire game , for both single and multiplayer modes . It 's about as much fun as I have had with a game , maybe ever . It 's hard to say whether it will go down as one of my all time faves , because I ca n't test it 's staying power like that yet , but it 's a blasr.It feels like a monster movie come to life . I feel like a little kid playing it . As do my friends . Togera -LRB- the Godzilla/Beast from 20,000 feet below -RRB- has got to be one of the coolest looking monsters I have ever seen . Especially his Mecha-Togera outfit . His green fire breathe is cool as hell , a great special . I can say the same about all the monsters really . They are straight out of some great campy 50 's Horror flic . The designers really captured that great work those old movies did , it makes your imagination feel great while you play . It 's like a really great toy come to life . My friend I just got done playing a MARATHON session . We went at it tooth and nail late one night as his Ultra V took on my Robo-47 in an epic ` best of three ' fight that took nearly an hour to complete . We unlocked a few secrets . The best being this -LRB- Not about Sweet Tooth , who is a secret character in the game ! -RRB- ... is that you can unlock skins ! It 's become apparent to me that the 4th version is either an entirely new design or an amazing offshoot to the original . This is a very cool treat in my opinion . Unlocking the 4th of each monster is almost like getting a new character . These are n't just skins , but new designs ! Kudos to Incognito for including something so cool . And multiplayer , wow . Whereas bouts in most fighting games are over in a few minutes , you can make a single fight last for over 20 minutes . As you learn the levels , you start to understand how to best use the items , and can really keep things challenging . Health and energy icons spawn in specific locations to help make the fights about more than just beating on each other so their is endless replay value . This is some of the most fun I have had with a ` new ' game in a long time .
 War of the Monsters is fast , frenetic , and incredibly fun ! Players take control of a 50 's - style monster movie monster . There 's a glowing plasma creature with one great eye , a Kong-style gorilla , a lava monster , a distinctly American-style gargantuan robot , a sleeker Japanese-style robot , a giant praying mantice , and more.Unlike the slow , hulking , Toyo Studios-style monsters in Godzilla
 War of the Monsters is , hands down , the best Monster fighting game out there . Do n't pay attention to what the original reviewer said about the `` weaknesses '' of the game concerning the freezing when paused or being backed into corner and all the nonsense . None of those problems occurred for me . The sad thing about this title is that you can not find it anywhere anymore . For some reason it just did not take off , yet it is an all around awesome game that got high marks in the gamer mags . Purchase it used from Amazon it is definitely worth the buy . Do n't spend your money buying Godzilla
 This game just kind of came and went without much notice , but it is exceptional in nearly every sense . The game play is fast and fun , easy to pick up , difficult to master . The monsters are all cool variations on creatures of the classic sci-fi films . And the graphics and sound are amazing.What I love most about this game is the incredible attention to detail . The environments are huge , especially Metro City . I spent over fifteen minutes smashing it to bits and still had n't destroyed everything . There are cars of every type , including police vehicles that have sirens you 'll hear . And crowds of screaming people getting smooshed as your monster walks through them.And the music is very cool . I do n't normally care that much about music in video games , but it 's got a great orchestral score that 's not only beautiful , but actually matches the action ! That 's right . Punch a monster through a building , and you 'll get a crashing sting . Do n't do anything , and get an eerie bit of tense score filled with anticipation . It 's like playing a movie!I wo n't go into all the countless other great details
 Woohoo !! This game just has to be played to be believed ! War Of The Monsters is all about good ol' carnage and mayhem.Pick whatever monster you like -LRB- from a giant preying mantis to an electric cyclops or even a classic japanese robot -RRB- and then go claw to claw with another beastie ! Although this game is alot of fun with just one player , it 's a total blast with two players.You are even given the option to add 1-3 computer controled monsters while you and a friend battle!The whole style of this game is based on the low budget B movie horror flicks of the 60 's and 70 's and it fits in perfectly.The orchestrated horror movie music adds yet another great touch.The graphics are also very good , and the monsters move very fluently.The only thing that keeps this from getting a five star rating is the following :1 . It would have been nice to add a level where the player acting as a monster could just go around and smash up the cities without fighting another monster -LRB- AKA Rampage -RRB- .2 . Sometimes these monsters can be extremely brutal even on the easy level.Don ' t be suprised in the begining if you find yourself getting pummeled by a monster without being able to land one hit , or even block when hitting the block button!The shooting moves can get kind of old too ... the robots LOVE to shoot you a hundred times with their lasers : BEWARE ! 3 . Lastly when playing one player versus 2-3 computer controled monsters , I 've noticed that both CPU monsters usually just attack you rather than fighting evenly among eachother as well.Also note that War of The Monsters features some typical `` Mortal Kombat '' moves ; by that I mean , to do some moves you have to press 6 to 8 random buttons in rapid succesion ... something I 've never been good at!lolHowever these are minor gripes , and the good definatly outweighs the bad.Destroying an entire city , or throwing a giant mutant lizard into a building is always lots of fun.If you do n't want to buy it , then at least rent it and check it out ; you wo n't regret it !
 I knew that this game had been released several months ago . However , I had never really considered buying it . I thought that it would be another stupid fighting game or a game similar the the very weak Godzilla games for the GameBoy . Well ... I bought one of the PS2 JamPack disks which had a demo for this game on it . Wow ! What a suprisingly great game ! I ended up playing the demo for about 2-3 hours and just knew that I had to have the whole game.Once I got the full version of the game , I realized how similar it was to Twisted Metal Black -LRB- another great game , but kinda difficult -RRB- . It turns out that the same company made both games . This game is very similar to Twisted Metal , but with giant monsters instead of vehicles . There are healh , energy , and special attack pickups just like Twisted Metal and the fighting is fierce . This key difference is that Twisted Metal is a very dark , twisted game -LRB- not to say it 's bad at all , but insane people driving recklessly shooting at other vehicles -- this kinda thing only happens in LA -RRB- . War of the Monsters plays out like a cheesy Godzilla movie -- very entertaining and funny.There are 10 monsters in the game -LRB- 2 have to be unlocked -RRB- . Each monster has 4 costumes which radically change their appearance -LRB- sometimes making them a whole different monster -RRB- . Each monster has their own strengths/weaknesses , unique attacks , sounds , taunts , etc. . Controls are simple -- a few games and your able to hold your own in one-on-one battles . Similar to games like Virtua Fighter & Tekken , there are complex combinations of keys that can be pressed to unleash more special attacks ... but you certainly do n't need to use them to be successful . Almost everything the the game is usable by your monster . Cars , buses , planes , building pieces , rocks , etc can be used to attack other monsters either at close range or by throwing them -LRB- you can even throw other monsters -RRB- . One of the coolest things is throwing a radio antenna and impaling another monster.For one player , there 's free-for-all , adventure , and endurance games . Free-for-all has you -LRB- one of the 10 different monsters -RRB- pitted against 1-3 computer monsters -LRB- 4 monsters in one city = complete chaos -RRB- . When you win or lose , you have the option of restarting without the buildings , etc being rebuilt -- a few rounds and there may be nothing left standing . Adventure has 10 levels of varying difficulty with three bosses . You 'll be fighting monsters that are not available in free-for-all . On the Easy setting , Adventure can be challenging but is difinitely not too difficult . You 'll need some good stategy to beat the bosses , though . Endurance allows you to fight one monster after another to see how long you can survive . Both Adventure and Endurance allow you too earn tokens which can be used to unlock the two other monsters , costumes and mini-games . One downside is that you may have to complete Adventure about 10 times before you can unlock everything.For two players , there 's free-for-all again -LRB- with up to two computer monsters -RRB- and a game where you challenge the other player and must choose another monster and continue when you die . There are also three mini-games for two players . Each of these games is very simplistic with dodgeball being the most fun.The graphics , sound , and storyline in this game are great . I am really impressed by all aspects of this game . If you are a fan of the old Godzilla-type movies , you 've got to give this game a try . This game will have you sitting on the edge of your seat one minute , laughing the next , and perhaps yelling at the computer-controlled monster the next -LRB- wait ... did I just admit to doing that ? -RRB- .
 I liked this game a lot when I got it . I still do , too.Play as one of ten monsters , and each of them has 4 ` costumes ' . The Agamo No. 4 is of particular intrest , as it is ` special -LRB- a.k.a. you ca n't buy it , you need another game -RRB- . If you are wondering `` What the heck are the monsters ? '' , come no further . I present you with this list : Raptros
 This game was made by a software company called Incog Inc. . Some of the key people in this company used to work for a now nonexistent company called Singletrac . Singletrac had a serious reputation of cranking out the best vehicular-combat video games ever made . Now those same people can claim to have made the best monster-combat game ever made.War of the Monsters continues a legacy of fine action games including Twisted Metal 1 & 2 , Critical Depth , Rogue Trip , Twisted Metal
 This game has a great overall concept and characters and is a total blast to play with a group of friends or in a party setting . Single player , on the other hand , is frustratingly difficult . The AI for single player is unbelievably fast , strong and deadly accurate with thrown objects . Even on the EASY setting you 'll be ready to chuck the controller at your tube in frustration . For parties , this game is a definite MUST PLAY - for unwinding after a long day of work or school , look for some other title , single player will only make your blood pressure rise .
 I had this great software with the Snappy digitizer . I loaded it on an xp computer and it worked but only with the cd in and it was choppy . I wish this company would resurface and reissue this program in a usable form . It is the most fun I 've ever had on a computer .
 When we got this program we discovered that it wo n't work with an updated computer . -LRB- Ours is Windows XP -RRB- We are very disappointed because we have used this program in the past and loved it . It 's a great program ! We were sad to have to return it . Does anyone know where we can get one that works with Windows XP ?
 Digimon Battle Spirit is a pretty good game . The fact that you can unlock characters is awsome . And it 's not just a piece of cake to unlock characters either ! You have to meet certain requirements to unlock them . Each character has their own abilities , so you do n't have a few different characters with the same attacks and such . This game is a game for people who like challenges .
 its good trust me it can be weird at first but when u digivolve you kick butt . but impmon is cheap but if you get him hes really good plus you can make some of your own levels and digimon if you enter the right password plus the secret levels and digimonoverall its good the graphics are a 4 game is a 3 fun is a 4 and the plot is a little bit bad 2 total 13 out of 16 its really good
 This game can be really slow paced unless your playing with a Digimon that has speed -LRB- like Renamon -RRB- . This game pretty much plots Digimon from seasons 1-3 and pits them against them against each other in a melee type battle . What determines a win ? When you hit a Digimon with certain attacks , they drop little balls called D-Spirits . The Digimon with the most D-Spirits at the end of a round wins . Simple , yet effective . However , once a round , Calumon will come around and the player that gets to him first evolves to Ultimate -LRB- or Mega -RRB- . If your opponent gets to him first , better start running . I would recommend this game ONLY to Digimon fans who would be unable to purchase a Wonderswan Crystal and Digimon Battle Spirit 1.5 -LRB- a Battle Spirit game that is much better than this one that America never got -RRB- .
 I love digimon the show I just found out there was a game for GBA . I heard you can digivolve to mega . Out of all of the digi forms I love megas there so powerful and I just wa n't to know them all . I 'm gon na get this for my B-day and play it on my new GBA SP . Which is gon na be cool if I can just find one in stock . I 'll find one by b-day . Anyways I hope you get to use signature attacks . I also hope these little guys got speed . I ca n't wait to get this when I do I will report
 I got this game for my birthday . I is okay but easy . My favorite part is evolving . It 's like yyoure invincible for 20 seconds . I will usuallly use guilmon , terriermon , and veemon . I think that this game is pretty good . I think I was stupid when I had the chance of choosing between that and Sonic Advance 2 . Now I pay the price after waiting a 7 months
 It is too easy . I played this before . killing the evil digimmon was easy . I got it along time ago . This game is now in the past . my name is Alec Fraser Simpson .
 I bought this mouse for my girlfriend for Christmas . I have a Razor Copperhead mouse that she loved to use . The only problem with that was the Copperhead is a larger mouse which works great for me but she has small hands so it was too big for her to be comfortable . After doing some research on the other Razor mice I found the Krait . The measurements were listed on their website and low and behold it was a smaller mouse . The price on Amazon was cheaper than their site and the shipping was very fast . The mouse is excellent . It is very responsive and glides oh so smoothly on a laser mouse pad . If you have smaller hands and still want a great gaming mouse I highly suggest this mouse .
 My secretary hates this mouse because it requires too much control , but it works like a charm for me .
 This is a great mouse and a very successful hit from Razer ! They say it 's made for RTS and MMORPGs and that 's eligible , because it does just right in those kind of games.Just try to play Starcraft or Warcraft III with this piece of hardware ... Oh and get a Mantis pad , too ...
 I 've owned one of these for many years . And it still looks as well as performs like new ! Feels good in the hand and never gives you a lick of trouble . I personally like that the wheel is lit as well as the sides so that you can easily find it in low light .
 I bought BOTH the Krait and the Deathadder and have used both for several weeks . I like the Krait better because it is lighter , smaller , easier to use with your fingertips -LRB- instead of resting your whole hand as on the Deathadder -RRB- , and the mouse buttons are quicker and easier to click . Krait is a bit of a narrow mouse but is easy to adapt to . Some may like the `` full-bodied '' feel of the Deathadder which I can appreciate , as well . Love the super-high responsiveness of both mice and fast tracking that never faults . You can not go wrong with either of these top-end mice .
 overall great mouse . all the good features of a razor but in a slightly more compact design . for those looking for a size comparison to , say , the copperhead , its about 20-25 % smaller . i would not call this mouse a laptop mouse , its still fair size.i would have also liked at least 1 more button on it . perhaps the thumb buttons . they market this mouse as an `` rpg mouse '' or whatever . I play wow and I ues 5 mouse buttons on my copperhead consistantly so I could not use this mouse for gaming in wow and probably most first person shooters for sure . the buttons that are on it work great , never any accidental double clicks or phantom clicks like the crappy fatality mouse by creative labs . nothing like that peice of junk at all.otherwise the mouse glides really nice , nicer than the copperhead with really great teflon -LRB- or whatever the heck it is -RRB- feet . i use it at work and it is a great mouse , never skips or jumps , instant response from idle , etc.fantastic quality mouse for the low price it has .
 Best mouse I 've ever used . If you play RTS than this is the mouse for you , if you 're an FPS fan you should obviously pick up the IME 3.0 or Death Adder.Side buttons might be nice to bind inventory items to in Wc3 , but I 'm so used to the numpad , it does n't matter much anymore .
 Someone gave my daughter a PS2 system but it did not come with the video adapter cable . I was somewhat cautious on third party cables because they can be hit or miss but this adapter has been very good . Connection plugs are solid , i.e. , no looseness between cable and console and between cable and TV . The image quality is also very good . Do a search on Amazon and you will find it well worth the money .
 I ordered this cable for $ 1.64 . The price was very cheap so I decided this cable would be great . You could basically see the difference . The difference between S-Video and Normal RCA is cable is n't that huge . Everything looked sharper and little bit more colorful . If you want the full power of your PS2 then this is n't the cable , you would be better off with component cable which would provide 420p resolution . So in conclusion if you want a very cheap cable that can make you PS2 game graphics little better over the RCA this is the cable . You should make sure that your TV can support s-video before you buy .
 The PS2/PS Cables are a great addition to any Play Station gamer 's system . The audio connections are the same as those that come standard with the PS2 but the S video cable on this cable make all the difference . The display is far clearer and sharper than what you get with the standard cables . For the price , you would be crazy not to improve the quality of the picture on the games you pay 20 + dollars for .
 use it to connect my ps2 to my computer monitor ; it 's a lot better than composite , too bad my monitor does n't have component XD
 I got this for my PlayStation 2 and hooked it up to my HDTV . With the S-Video connected into my TV it sharpen the picture and turned it from full screen to wide screen without losing the quality of the picture . If your TV has a connector to S-Video get this item . Whats to lose ? Its very cheap .
 I used this cord as a gift at Christmas time . He was pleased with it .
 Mindless , super fun arcade action sums up State of Emergency , a riot game that is very fun.Yes , its not the deepest game around and dose n't have a whole bunch of depth , but its nice price makes it a good buy for someone who likes action and excitement.State of Emergency controls well too making it a great pick up and play game.Plus , while it may not have the greatest graphics ever and the graphics could have been improved , its cool that there are hundreds -LRB- or maybe thousands ... -RRB- of pedestrians on the street with no slow down at all!Plus , there are extra features exclusive to this Xbox version of State of Emergency , including improved graphics , custom soundtrack support , and some of the frustrating mussions from the PS2 version were taken out , too.If you good old mindless fun , then buy State of Emergency -LRB- but do n't expect anything too deep -RRB- .
 At first , I was really self-consious about liking this game so much , but once I saw how well-received it was , I felt better . I just wish it would n't erase my saved game every 5th or 6th time I attempt to change levels . -LRB- I 've tried 6 seperate copies , erasing all SOE data each time , but they all do it . It must be in the programming -RRB- .
 State of Emergency is awesome.You can kill thousands of people and do some very fun GTA like missions -LRB- but without vehicles -RRB- . The addition of multiplayer is a great bonus for Xbox owners and they took away the frustrating missions from the PS2 version.At the price , you should purchase this game .
 Rockstar really put some effort into making this game not `` be bad '' . I can see how the PS2 version was lackluster , especially at a ... price tag . not delivering on the promises made , but those issues have been corrected in the XBOX version . The environments are large and interactive , with a large selection of weapons , and fairly intuitive game mechanics . With the addition of multiplayer , both coop and deathmatch , and at the super low debut price , it suddenly becomes a steal of a game .
 Before i go any farther , completly disregard all of the comments you read about the ps2 version . A good portion of why that versiion was so shallow was the lack of multiplayer . That problem is fixed in this version . Although this certainly is n't the greatest game ever , it is always fun for an hour at a time , and for that reason it is worth at least trying .
 I have the ps2 version and had a blast . The story mode is so-so , go from mision to mission and your having fun shooting maiming and destroying.The real fun though is rampage mode . In ramapge mode your given a amount of time and you go on a rampage . You exted time and get points by killing and destroying things . Killing in mellee combat gets you more time and points than a ranged weapon will . This is one of the best ways to blow off some time , I see it sort of like a fighting game in this repsect . It 's something you can put in for 10 minutes here and there while your waiting for to leave , or before a show , or for someone to get ready so you can go.When it comes down to it what better way is there to spend time than to grab a mini-gun and blow someone into bloody chunks pick up their arm and beat their friends to death with it . -LRB- chest cavities and heads are fun too -RRB- This is a seriously over the top violent/gore game parents be warned .
 The PS2 Version ------ Ok , they say this game is very controversial ... far from it . U need an id to buy it -LRB- well u did at one point -RRB- no need 4 that . They should have done that to the GTA series , now thats a baaad game All the violence is cartoon ... BORING . Cartoon heads flying off is nothing compared to gore like SOF 1 & 2 . If you want to waste some money for a quick laugh ... buy it . That guy is right , it is good for playing 10 minutes here and there ... but who wants to waste money to do that ? If ur smart , u wont buy this game-trust me
 This game was released at such a great price , this is the perfect game to vent your frustrations on . I used to play the game on PS2 when it first came out and I must say the Xbox is a HUGE imrpovement over the PS2 version . The multiplayer is fun and there 's lots of different modes to play . Graphics do n't lag when there 's a lot of people on the screen .
 As others have said before DISREGARD everything that you have read or heard about the PS2 form of this game , Xbox fixed all of those problems!This is def . one of my favorite games that I have played yet . Its just an awsome game to do if you want to shut off your brain for a few hours and just want to go around randomly killing people with a wide variety of guns and other fun gadgets.The plot and basis for the game did not have that much depth to it , but thats expected . I did like all the missions even if they did start to get a little repetitive after the first 30 . The graphics were good , but I didnt like the movement of some of the characters , some of them seemed very stiff and hard to control.So as I said if you just want to play a fun game for awhile , that doesent make you have to starin your brain then def . rent/buy State of Emergency !
 very good game i would suggest you try it right now because it is so very fun and i love love love it
 I originally played State of Emergency three years ago on PS2 , and it was quite fun . This game is bloody , explosive , and downright violent ... just the way I like it . It 's disappointing to see that this game did n't sell as many copies on Xbox as it did on PS2 , especially considering the Xbox version comes with exclusive features that were not in the PS2 edition -LRB- Up to four players can play simultaneously , 14 new missions , a better Revolution mode , better graphics , and you can put your own tunes in the game -RRB- . WHAT THE GAME IS
 This game is fun not because of the violence or illegal activates going on . Its fun because of the chaos . Hundreds of characters running around and you have to differentiate between friend or foe . Single player forces you to do missions to help the Freedom Fighters liberate the city from the grasp of the Evil Corporation . A few of the missions are repetitive but overall they remain fun and simplistic . Simplicity is one of the most attractive qualities of this game . The controls and game play are easy to pick up . Good thing too because you do n't have much time to learn with all the panicked people and looters running around . Multiplayer is loads of fun too . Get three of your friends together and have fun shooting the crap out of each other . But no matter how fun this game is its NOT intended for children . There is a lot of violence and is not intended for children under 17 .
 Great value ! Same as PS2 version but loads quicker . Use all weapons cheat , wreak havoc then when your done play a game that taps your brain . Have a good night .
 Great value ! Same as PS2 version but loads quicker . Use all weapons cheat , wreak havoc then when your done play a game that taps your brain . Have a good night .
 Joint Operations
 I bought this for my daughter to use with her PS2-she loves it!She likes the color and the glowing light.It was brand new , shipped fast.I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Very good item , specially for the super price paid !! It 's worth every penny .
 I purchased this to replace a lost copy . I prefer to play Battleship 2 -LRB- officially named Battleship
 I had this game back in 1998 , and made copies for my friends so that we could play against each other back then . More recently , I got my hands on another disc in 2009 , and started to play it again , within a month most of the guys in my building were playing it , while having massive battles against each other .
 I loved the original Lego Star Wars game . It was incredibly fun , very replayable and had a wicked sense of humor . Lego Star Wars II is just as fun , and covers Episodes IV-VI ! It 's very rare to find a game that kids can play , adults can play , and everybody truly loves it . This is one of those games . I 'm sure kids enjoy the game quite a lot - but pretty much every adult gamer I know loves this series as well . It 's fun , it has classic scenes from the Star Wars movies done in a VERY funny style , and you can keep replaying it . You can play it with friends ! You can unlock new episodes , new ships , new characters , you name it.The first thing you notice when you enter the `` Cantina '' is that now you can MAKE NEW CHARACTERS !!! Yes , you can mix up Darth Vader 's head , Princess Leia 's torso and a stormtrooper 's pants . You can mix pretty much any character you find in the game , and give them personalized names ! Then you can bring 2 of your creations into the game with you on free play mode . Talk about fun !! The game gets even better . Yes , you work through all the classic scenes - Luke buying the droids , the Death Star blowing up , and so on from the `` first 3 movies '' -LRB- in release order at least -RRB- . The cut scenes are VERY funny . Being able to play along as the various characters is amazingly fun in story mode , and even better in `` free play '' when you can randomly switch between a variety of characters to find all the hidden items.I love the stud finding system . You want more money ? Just replay a mission a few times . You can get all sorts of fun `` cheats '' -LRB- not cheats , really , but fun add-ons -RRB- , you can buy new characters to use , and much more . It really gives you incentive to keep playing.Is a youngster in the house having trouble playing ? Just have an adult pop into the game for a while to help out , then the adult can pop out again , to let the child keep playing ! It is just brilliant . I love this game.The graphics are superb , as last time , with little lego movements seeming just right . Their swaggers and sliders are incredibly funny . The sound , of course , is the real movie soundtrack and is superb . You could n't ask for anything better.Even the tiny touches are funny . If C-3PO starts getting hit , he loses an arm , then another arm , then a leg . You have him hopping along valiantly behind you , trying to remain with your team . Chewie rips off arms from stormtroopers.Now of course , there are always a few things the game designers get wrong . While Chewie 's arm-ripping is quite funny , it is REALLY annoying when he does it - very slowly - in the middle of a firefight when you wanted him to be blasting away . The characters automatically switch into close combat mode if they think someone is nearby , even if you really needed to fire away at someone with the blaster . Even more annoying , if you 're blasting away at `` destructables '' -LRB- wall items , whatever -RRB- and your friend gets near you start bashing on him!The camera is also really annoying . You get a * slight * amount of view control , but not much . When you are craning around trying to find a mini-kit on the screen and the camera keeps swooping wildly exactly where you do NOT want to look , it can get very frustrating.Still , these are minor problems in a game that is so stellar . I highly , highly recommend this game for any gamer of any age . It 's incredibly fun .
 The original Lego Star Wars was a great little lighthearted romp of a game
 What can be better than a game made for adults or kids ? Sly , sneaky humor that only adults will understand with the greatest toy ever created Legos ! All in the theme of the best of the Star Wars movies !! Many games put in ` replayability ' by allowing you to go through the game or missions a second or third time with a different character , but Lego Star Wars does this in a fashion that is totally fun . It 's not a simple regurgitation of the map with a different character -LRB- wihoo replayable ... -RRB- but rather an ingenious method that rewards you with additional pieces for building as well as secret areas that were previously unobtainable . For instance , you might need a Stormtrooper -LRB- or uniform -RRB- , a Jedi -LRB- dark or light -RRB- , or even a Bounty Hunter to enter specific areas . Droids are often used to access areas as well , but you usually have them during the missions.Using ` free play ' mode , you can go back through the missions with a character you created , or any other character you have unlocked . During the mission , you can cycle through your characters and use their abilities . This allows you to go back and unlock new areas and find additional bricks etc. . The fact that there are new abilities with characters you find later as well as new areas to explore really makes the replayability fun and worthwhile.Another aspect to this game that I absolutely love is cooperative play . This is great for adults to be able to play along with the kids , or even spouses . My wife does n't play a lot of Xbox titles , but she loves playing this game and we have a blast going through the missions together . I 'm surprised more games do n't actually give you coop play like this . Seems it 's enough to toss in death match and label the game as ` multiplayer ' . My only complaint is with the camera , both in single and cooperative mode . Often times the camera will shift based on one of the players and force the other player back towards the center of the screen . On more than one occasion , this has caused death to the characters or when we get stuck forces one of the players to swap characters midstream . Sometimes this is n't obvious to the player . It would have been really nice to have the option of split screen , especially with the real estate an HDTV provides.All in all , I would highly recommend this game . Especially if you have kids and want to spend some quality time with them . Great game !
 I first got lego star wars the video game and they dropped the funnys really fast but not this one.Lego star wars 2 has lots of funnys and has DARTH THREEPEO !!! you can drive luke 's and speeder and play as BOBA FETT so go get lego star wars 2 !!!!!!!!!
 My son is 7 years old and we only have an X Box . Hes ' been dying for a star wars game and he LOVES it . i love how the lego people just pop apart when they are `` shot '' , so there is no blood/gore/screaming , etc. . This product got here earlier than expected and I was very pleased .
 Great for five to ten year olds .
 My son has this game he recieved it for Christmas he is so totally into Star Wars He is four years old and loves this Game.My husband and I also gave this game to our 9 year old nephew for Christmas because he asked for it and he loves it . and we purchased it again for a birthday gift for an eleven your old just last month.so there is something for all of the kids
 This is a really fun and entertaining game . My two boys ages 12 and 16 really love it and play it often . Good clean fun !
 You get to build actual characters and it has different levels to accomplish . You also get to build things and earn things like new characters .
 My son and I enjoyed Lego Star Wars I greatly so we were very excited when part II came out . We definitely were not disappointed ! My son is 8 and he and I love this game ! It is fun and very interactive and you can play the same scenes over and over and always find something new to do . One of the best parts of this game is that another player can join or leave the game at any time . You do not have to start all over to do so.Every scene has extra things in it and all of the lego pieces do something . You can also switch characters in the middle of the game if you are playing Free Play.This is a great game and one that we never tire of . I highly recommend it for all ages .
 This is a fun game with a lot of funny gags - like characters slapping each other and chewbacca ripping arms off of people . If your kids want `` violent video games '' but you are hesitant to get them , this might be a good comproise . Its a shootem ' up game but when they shoot a character , they break into a million lego pieces . The game is very long and some screens can take you almost an hour .
 My boys received this game for Christmas and are still enjoying playing it . Their favorite part is designing their own characters ! They had the first Lego Star Wars game and we thought they might like this one . They like the different weapons available and earning new characters by saving the lego points . It was a great gift idea !!!
 I truly have enjoyed playing this game , though it will become a bit repeative in battles , the only real challenging aspect is the Character bonuses and the `` Story '' you witness -LRB- from Story Mode -RRB- throughout . I love some of the little things the characters do like Princess Leia Slave will dance -LRB- on X-Box when you push the B button -RRB- and Lando will kiss Leia 's hand but I 've only done it once and I do n't recall how it even happened , but it was cute . These were while playing the game.The story gives great humor onto the well known history of these characters . The shooting is n't terrible hard , just simple point and shoot . The Jedi powers are fun to use , however the lightsaber feels a bit ackward at times because it feels like it takes FOREVER to kill someone , compared to a blaster which has more easy . I guess Han 's statement about having a blaster at his side won out in this version.The one key note is you must beat everything -LRB- collect all 99 gold bricks -RRB- and BUY everything -LRB- all the characters , gold bricks , tips AND red blocks -RRB- in order to get 100 % for a completion.Final note , Chewie wears a stormtrooper helmet cockeyed when given the option ... it 's so freaking funny!Enjoy and May the Leggo Force Be With You !
 My wife and I love this game . I am an avid gamer and my wife can barely hold a controller . We can both play this game .
 This was a gift for my 8 yr old son . He ca n't get enough of it .
 ... for one very happy 6-yr . old grandson . I really did search everywhere for this X-box version -- not the 360 one -- of the Stars Wars II
 This game takes snippets from the other full length games and allows you to play a little bit of each episode . This game is so much fun !
 My 4.5 year old son LOVES this game . He 's a big star wars fan and he has so much fun playing this game . I think it 's so much better than the original game . More things to do , more fun . I -LRB- his mom -RRB- do have to help him out every now and then , mostly because he gets frustrated doing something . He was SO excited when he could be Boba Fett -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . This is a great game for kids if they like star wars .
 My 5 year old grandson loves this game . I have played it with him and have enjoyed it as much . I plan on buying it for my son also .
 I bought this game as a last minute Christmas gift for my 8 year old son and it turned out to be one of his favorite ones ! We have logged in a good chunk of time playing this universally appealing game together . I love this game - it is challenging and humorous enough to keep an adult 's attention , yet child-friendly enough that my son can play it alone or with his friends and still accomplish something in the game . He loves it so much he 's now saving to buy the original game based on episodes 1-3 . I am in agreement with the other reviewers about the camera control , the lack of it is the only complaint I have . But even with this flaw , I still give the game 5 stars because it is so fun !
 I thought the old game was good , this one blows the old one out of the water!Pluses - The same fun format with more secret places to negotiate . Easy to play , yet challenging enough to hold even a non-gamer like me . My 8-year old could spend hours here if I let him.Negative - Would be even better if up to 4 players.A winner for the entire family .
 I purchased both the Lego Star Wars I and II series . All 4 of my grandons from ages 4-9 really enjoy playing it . They are the ones who rated the game an outstanding 5 stars
 This game is so much fun ! We have the first Lego Star Wars and this one tops it for sure . I bought this game for my son , but my husband and I play it as much as he does ! They defintely improved on an all ready great game .
 Lego Star Wars was great fun but this is even better ! More puzzles , more goals , better clips . It 's all around great family fun !
 My six year old loves this game . And so does my thrity-one year old brother.Awesome and fun !
 My -LSB- . . -RSB- was dying to play with the XBox , but we did n't have any games that were both kid-friendly and easy . The Lego Star Wars games are great because a second player can drop in or out at any time , the characters do n't `` die '' -LRB- just break apart , as Legos do , then come back whole -RRB- and you do n't have to start over from the beginning when you die . Best of all , these games are FUN ! Play the entire game to unlock the various characters , then play again to access secret levels and goodies .
 After the surprisingly fun-for-all-ages gameplay of the first Lego Star Wars game , how could I not go right out and buy the second installment ? And it was quite worth it!There 's improvements all around , and Lego got most of them right-on . There are more characters , larger levels , a wider variety of skills , tons of hidden extras and powerups , and some ingenious applications of good game theory.All of the quirky humor returns too , as we watch out Lego heros do their best to recreate the saga in a fully lego-ized world . The story follows the movies loosely , but letting the player have some fun always takes priority -LRB- Ben Kenobi did n't have backup in the movie , but hey , who wants to watch a cut-scene of the tractor beam controls when you can be there ? -RRB- Six things I found small faults with :1 . You can not skip cutscenes in Story Mode . And some of them are quite long .2 . The create-a-character feature does n't add anything to the gameplay . The only brief advantage it provided was that I could use it to make a dark Jedi -LRB- otherwise you have to play until one of the last levels of the game to get one -RRB- .3 . Sometimes it feels like there 's too much you ca n't do right away . Many collectables are in `` plain sight '' behind a fence/gate/etc , but you ca n't get them until you unlock a certain character type and come back in free play mode4.The final unlockable , after collecting all 99 gold bricks was -- underwhelming -LRB- more on this below -RRB- .5 . While the controls are nearly perfect , there are 2 frustrating -LRB- un-fun -RRB- hang-ups . A -RRB- Some characters throw thermal detonators . It 's the same button to open doors . If you 're not quite in front of the door panel , you generally blow yourself up . B -RRB- The new punch attack is actually a bit annoying . Half of the times I try to pull out a blaster , I end up punching an ally instead .6 . Some of those levels are , well , a little too long . When you 're searching every nook and cranny of a level for hidden unlockables , you 're going to find that you can put away some serious time , and wishing you could save and come back later.That 's it for the cons . I think that 's fair.Now , One Hundred things I liked : -LRB- Oh fine , I 'll keep to just great moments in gaming -RRB- 1 . As always , the game mechanics are pretty impressive . You can do tons of things with very little `` controller confusion . '' Except the two uncharacteristic-seeming flaws mentioned above .2 . They mix it up . More characters , more types of abilities . And with disguises and hybrid characters , there 's lots of ways to accomplish your objectives ! 3 . Extra Extras . This is what we loved in the first game . It 's back , and it 's bigger . In a near-perfect execution of game theory , every accomplishment leads to more things to accomplish
 This is a great game to play , its hard and fun try this game.I beat all the episodes , but you have to get as much money as possible , and buy all the people . Its fun trust me ... trust me .
 We got our daughter about 10 games for Christmas , used games make a great present . She absolutely loves this one . She has made it all the way to the Death Star .
 Very well adapted and true to the first 3 movies ' story lines . -LRB- A New Hope , Empire and Jedi ; 1970 's + ' 80 's -RRB- Child-appropriate and comical depiction of good Vs. evil . There are lots of paths to explore , and could conceivably be an inexhaustible supply of entertainment . Just make sure their homework is done first !
 This game is so much fun ! I was worried it would be too childish ... we do n't have kids , but do n't like super violent games . And this game turned out to be perfect ! The little kids in my life have lots of fun playing it , but so do my husband and I.A few things that we like about it ... It follows the storyline of the Star Wars movies and there are little scenes along the way that parody the original movies . No blood and gore . When you shoot a Lego person , they just fall apart . It 's fun to play all the way through , just to beat the levels , but it 's very re-playable because there are tons of hidden points and treasures on each level and you unlock new characters that you can swap out . Also , it 's for 1 or 2 players and a second player can drop in and out of the game whenever they want.Overall , it 's become one of our favorite video games of all time ! Also , check out the Indiana Jones Lego game : -RRB-
 I love the Lego games . They are fun for all ages and actually appropriate for all ages .
 This product arrived in excellent condition and very quickly . My grandsons are having a blast palying it .
 Perfect game for all ages !! I received this as a gift when I was 25 and it became my favorite XBOX game . This game is great for 2 players , is fun , and it makes you laugh out loud -- GET THIS GAME NOW . Even if you are not a Star Wars fan , the game is still 5 stars .
 This is easy to pick-up on and lots of fun ! Especially if you grew up watching endless loops of the Original Trilogy -- as I did !
 I bought this game for my 6 year old son while he was recovering from a tonsilictomy . He immediately loved it and could play it with ease . The interesting part is my husband is as hooked as my 6 year old . Luckily it allows them to play together as a team and spend time together and father and son .
 I bought this game for my son for his 5th birthday . Being a big fan of the original Star Wars movies I thought this would be a fun way to introduce my son to the movies . He loved this game so much and it has made him a huge Star Wars fan . The game was fun for me and my husband as well .
 An excellent shooter-game that 's kid-friendly . Challenging at times , without getting frustrating . My only knock would be on -LRB- 1 -RRB- the camera angles and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the weak instructions booklet -LRB- which , like most instruction booklets nowadays , does n't do a great job explaining every facet of the game -RRB- .
 I like this game alot . I am playing this game before I play the first one . So I am unable to carry over the guys from the first one . But if you can do that you are golden . I recommend this game for everyone . It is alot of fun and just difficult enough to keep your interest .
 We bought this game just a few days ago for our 5 year old son . I knew ahead of time he had played the game at a neighbors and loved it . What I did n't expect was how much I would enjoy it . My son and I have had hours of hysterical fun playing this game . I would recommend this game to anyone of any age . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I had heard of Lego Star Wars in the past and my first impression was that it was a game geared towards little kids and I kind of wrote it off . When I bought my Xbox 360 there was a demo for this game on it so I decided to give it a try , and I was instantly hooked.While it 's true that this game is definitely geared towards younger audiences , I think any adult who is a Star Wars fan will still enjoy playing this . You play through all parts of the original trilogy -LRB- 6 chapters per movie -RRB- and the video clips played in certain parts of the story are most definitely good for some comic relief and give the game a definite light-hearted feel . The game is very easy because you can not actually `` die '' . You can run out of life which will cause your player to get `` killed '' and you will lose your lego stud points , but when you respawn you can run around grab the lego studs that you lost before most of them disappear . So do n't worry about having to play certain parts over and over again before you can beat them , because you get infinite lives.The real challenge to this game comes with figuring out exactly what you need to do to find your way through certain levels , finding switches to pull , and moving blocks around to active things , etc. , which requires some thinking and intuition , while fighting off enemies in the process . Puzzle-solving in essence . Also getting enough lego stud points throughout a level to reach `` True Jedi '' status can be challenging if you get killed too many times and lose stud points . If you achieve True Jedi on each part of the story , you will unlock some secret levels . . I noticed that the graphics on this game seem to be very sharp , and the gameplay is slick and smooth , and wo n't take you long at all to get the hang of it.I just beat the game 100 % which definitely requieres replaying of alot of the levels . To beat everything , you 'll have to get True Jedi on all levels , and then play all levels again on `` Free Play '' mode where you can play with any characters which will let you into certain areas -LRB- and you also need to get True Jedi on all levels in free play -RRB- on the map where only certain characters can go , and of course you ca n't go to some of these places on regular mode . Each level will also contain 1 red power brick and 10 mini-kit canisters that are used to build nifty objects , and some of these can be very challenging to find , especially if you do n't cheat and use google as a guide . . Beating the game completely can be a bit of overkill and I was ready to stop playing once finished -LRB- one time through on regular mode will suffice for everyone except for true completists -RRB- , but definitely an enjoyable game that should keep you entertained for quite a while.Highly recommended for all !
 My son loves this game and like to explore more chalenging levels . If he have got fun - I am happy too , even do n't have a clue what this game supposed to do.Magdalena Smith
 This game is awesome , if you love star wars the movie then you will defintely love this game which shows all the characters as lego 's .
 Not too bad of a controller for the price - mine was $ 9.00 plus s/h . The action buttons seem a little `` jiggly '' and you ca n't turn off the glow unless you unplug the controller -LRB- like if you want to watch a movie on the system without the annoying glow -RRB- but overall pretty good .
 I bought this control for my son he is 8 and he loves it . Great surprize for him to have a glow controler . I recommend it to all kids .
 The buttons are a little stiff but for the price I think it 's a good buy .
 I bought this cute little controller to replace an old broken one . My daughter loves the fact that it glows while you are using it .
 My daughters -LRB- ages five and two -RRB- love Peter Pan and Tinker Bell , and I was happy to find a computer game that was based off Peter Pan , not just Tinker Bell.They enjoy the games on this disc -LRB- the two-year-old needs help at times , but the five-year-old does it all solo just fine -RRB- , and we had no issues loading the CD on our PC . We did n't try it on the Mac , and I 'm glad the other reviewer pointed out that it 's for Windows only , because we knew what to expect.If your child does n't like Peter Pan , then go with a Tinker Bell movie-based game instead . This one is not based off the Tinker Bell movies.But , if your kids are Peter Pan fan -LRB- boys or girls -RRB- then wo n't be disappointed . It may have Tinker Bell larger than life on the cover , but it 's based on the Peter Pan story.Four stars instead of five , because it 's not a game they want to play constantly , but it is a lot of fun nonetheless . Definitely worth the money .
 If you 're into the pirate thing , you definitely want to check this game out . The game centers around the Caribbean and you start by picking your nationality , skills and time period . Then , its a matter of gaining as much gold , land and fame -LRB- or sometimes infamy -RRB- as you can before you get old and are forced into retirement . Whether its running missions for governors , being a bounty hunter , following up on treasure maps or just plundering all the towns along the coasts , there 's a lot of fun to be had with this game . Oh , and if you develop enough ` prestige ' with the different nations , their governors will start introducing you to their daughters -LRB- !! -RRB- . . and the wealthier the town , the better . . < clears throat > . . I always tried to marry the red-head , but she 's hard to find : DBut like I said , after so long , you get old and are basically forced to retire at which point you are given a final ranking ... I was never able to get the top ranking , which I think was becoming a governor , but I got 5th place once which was a ` sugar planter ' < aw shucks > . . oh well , just call me sugar daddy I guess . Overall , a very good game for the nes that will never play the same way twice .
 it was extremely difficult to put on without tearing it is also a very thin material I was expecting a higher quality
 Overall its a nice skin . Once you get it on . Very tough to get on then you have to remove half of it to change or charge the batteries . With a little working you can get it on tho .
 Good quality , cheap price ! What more can I say ? Everyone is commenting on my new accessory and they are wondering where they can get one !
 Skin fits great and looks great.Can ' t beat the price and the super fast shipping .
 Just got these and am satisfied . The price was great , and there are no flap issues like the others have and it has a great grip . Now we can tell which remote is which . Would recommend to others .
 I purchased Wii Remote and Nunchuck `` safe-grip '' silicone skin cases in blue and green . The price -LRB- including shipping -RRB- was amazing , and they were really decent quality . They arrived quickly , and the transaction was impressive all the way around . I would definitely purchase more from this seller !
 We bought this game for our 9 year old son . He was very excited but soon got frustrated as it was very difficult to pass the first set of challenges in the game . Without passing those you pretty much did not have much you could do as far as level advances besides practice . It took a few days of me and my husband playing until we could finally unlock the rest of the game . Once you pass the first 3 races you unlock faster cars and it 's pretty much a piece of cake after that . That is when I could give it to him and he felt he could enjoy the game . Overall it 's fun but if you buy it keep in mind that it takes a while to really get into playing since it is very challenging in the beginning .
 My Great-grandson was so excited to get this game . He will play it over and over again , and will have hours of fun . Thank you for offering these great items .
 This is a great game . In my opinion , at the very least . It has cool graphics , lots of darkness -LRB- like any Batman game should -RRB- and some interesting enemies , including Ra 's Al Ghul and Scarecrow , just like in the movie . Also , you can use a number of cool weapons , like Batarangs , grapplers , two kinds of gas canisters , and a flurry of vicious live bats . It is also a challenging game , and you can even increase your attacks just by keeping on pressing the B button . On top of that , you can beat up your enemies until they give you information you need . All in all , I like this game A LOT and if you are a Batman fan , it 's a definite must have .
 This product was shipped fast but the movie itself was not as good as the originals I did n't think . Came exactly as described so I could n't rate it any less than 5 stars !
 This game is awsome and it came as fast as it possibly could . Some of it was hard but after a while you figure it out .
 that game rocks it has an excelant combination of action and stealth and cool moves !!!
 in this action packed game , you have to find out what drug petty criminalls , only to figure out that the &#34; drug &#34; is a gas made by a chain of master crimminals , so you must stop the gas from being released on to the city and find out who 's the one who made the gas and is in charge of all the criminals
 I got the game about 3 months and its super fun.The first mission starts in the middle of the story and then you have a flash back to training in the Himalayan monastery . Its very much like the movie there is no weird characters and the graphics is amazing for a 2005 gamecube game.But the language is pretty bad but nothing compared to call of duty any way i 'd give this game a 41/2
 I 've played Batman
 I was really excited when I rented this game . After two days I beat it ! This game will probably take you if you 're a gamer about 5 hours ! I say rent this game save your money or buy it used if you really want to buy it .
 Batman Begins is a really fun game . The best part is that it is really good for spies . The only thing I do n't like about it is the jump attack . You always miss the bad guy and I also have to say there are too many bad guys with guns . Arkum asylum is especially bad . But still it is a really fun game . Buy it now !
 This is a really good game . You do n't get much freedom on how you do things , but it 's still a great game .
 I love this game ! The graphics are some of the best I have seen . The voice acting is great , considering they are all the actors from the film.The whole game done very well . The best !
 I 've just finished the game and i have to say this is really great!It really fits in well with the film , using the same actors voices and the characters look very similiar to their real-life counterparts.As well as Batman , you get to play as Bruce Wayne in training before he becomes batman and also as Bruce in a tuxedo in a level which has the Wayne Manor in flames . Very cool.The driving bits are great fun as well , very Burnout , with extra racing modes being unlocked after you beaten those levels.The main gameplay consists of a mixture of combat and stealth . If Batman comes accross a group of heavily armed enemies , he will end up dyingh if he tries to tackle them directly . you need to use stealth to sneak up on them or even beter use your fear-gadgets or a batarang on your surroundings -LRB- e.g throw your batarang at a gas-pipe to burst it -RRB- , to scare them a bit beforehand , making defeating the enemies easier.The game is n't too difficult -LRB- though the combat seems to be a lot tougher in Challenging mode -RRB- and took me about 9 or 10 hours to beat in Normal mode.The graphics are simply amazing . The levels graphics are some of the best i 've seen on a GameCube game and the Batman charcater looks very cool in his bausuit and cape.The game could have had a bit less linear with more ways of solving the situations that you come accross but at least it means you never get stuck for too long.The controls are pretty straight forward , with 2 butons for combat -LRB- punch & kick -RRB- as well as another button for soing special finishing moves and other buttons for batarang and fear gadgets .
 I bought this game for one reason , and one reason alone
 This game reminds me of Catwoman because of the style of play and fighting . The fighting in this game is really easy . There are only a few moves.I have gone through many gamecube games looking for the best ones . I am into graphics . I am also into action games.This game is definately better than catwoman and is worth buying especially if you are a fan of batman . His suit looks great and his movements are cool . His voice is pretty scratchy though ... he sounds like he just woke up most of the time.I love the bad guys in this game . It seems to have a good story line . The driving part of the game is pretty fun.I loved the graphics in catwoman , but later realized that the replay value of the game was terrible . Batman begins CAN be boring at times but is still fun to play and a fairly addictive .
 This is my first batman game ... or the first one I can remember . I played one when I was 5 on Sega Genesis and on Cartoon network . This one is the best I 've played . The movie was great , 5 stars . Game was solid but not the greatest.Pros : * Fear meter was cool * Splinter Cell/Burnout * Some fighting moves.Blessing / Curse
 Batman Begins is not only one of the best batman games i have played in awhile , but one of the best games in general i have played in awhile . Not quite good enough for the big five stars . After a couple dissapointing batman games such as `` Rise Of Sin Tzu '' and `` Dark Tommorow '' , Batman Begins is a breath of fresh air . The gameplay is excellent , story line is deep , and cutscenes arent bad either . I Would recommend this game to both advanced and casual gamers . Excellent game overall .
 This is the best Batman game since Batman Returns for NES . The game has elements that remind you of Splinter Cell , with the stealth moves , but much simpler and easier to pull them off . It has a radar like the one y Metal Gear Solid . It also has a lot of acrobatics as the ones in Prince of Persia , but the obstacles are not as challenging . Still it 's a fun game to play , best of all is not a game that will frustrate you . It also has three dificulty levels , should you need a bigger challenge or if you are a novice player you can play in easy mode.The Graphics are great and as all EA licensed games you get some live action cutscenes , and the character likeness ' is amazing . The voice acting is done by all of the main characters , but Gary Oldman as Gordon . Sound effects are pretty good , you ca n't expect less from EA.The story differs a little from the movie , but in escence it follows the movie plot . The game is short even for non dedicated gamers and if you have beaten the above mentioned games , this one will be a walk on the park.I think is a better game than it is given credit for , but you should better rent it . If you are a Batman fan I would suggest to wait for it to drop price , because it is over very fast .
 Even though this game is rated T for teens , my 6 yr . old already beat it . He got it for his 6th birthday & it was all the rave-HE JUST HAD TO HAVE THE BATMAN GAME ! I realize the overall content is a bit graphic for someone his age but he always played it under adult supervision . It is an extremely compelling game & difficult to put down once you get started . We never even saw the movie but it did n't matter because the game is extremely depictive of the what goes on it . This game is DEFINITELY recommended for any Batman fan .
 Frist of all I 'm a Huge Batman Fan ! Ive been one since as long as I can remeber ! So It takes alot inpress me , but this game blew me out of the water ! It feels like your justlike Batman tryin to stop Ra 's al Ghul and the Scarecrow ! The game play has to be one of the best for a game based of a moive ! I really think it a good buy if u love gameing and Batman !
 This game is totally cool ! You get to grapple , use cool stealth moves like climbing down pipes or poles , or sneaking up behind someone and knocking them cold ! The fighting system is innovative , in a way , and similar to Wolverine 's Revenge in that their 's a special button for special moves . You can also glide forever with your `` memory cloth '' cape . And finding a way to strike fear into the hearts of enemies is fun . The only downside is that there is no level select .
 This game was so fun ! It 's so cool sneaking up on people . At first I was so nervous because I thought I would get shot , but luckily there is no lives and there 's also checkpoints so you do n't have to worry about starting all over . This is a stealth game and it makes you feel like James Bond ... or maybe its just me . You get to use cool gadgets and stuff that Batman uses and my favorite part are gliding and stealth kills . There are parts where you hang upside down and snatch the bad guy up and WHOOO you beat the snot out of him and throw him out . There are also times where you interogate people and thats fun too because you scare the crap out of the guy and if you saw the movie , they show Batman with the scary crazy face from that panic gas thingy . Plus , the music makes the game so cool and suspenseful . I remember I was fricken breathing so hard because I was so nervous 'cause you have to wait for the guys to pass or something in order to do a stealth attack or whatever . Yeah there are parts where you get stuck and have trouble finding out what to do , but hey , thats what makes a game a challenge . It does n't insult your intelligence , it makes you think which I think makes a game really great . I thought this game was the bomb and you should definetely buy it . Do n't play it over and over too much because I think its one of those games that can get boring real fast , but the first time is definetely the most exciting and fun . Best game I 've ever played , but then again , I 'm not that good at games and dont play that often so maybe thats why i was so excited about this game . Whatever , its definetely the bomb .
 I have heard the most awefull stuff about Batman Begins . `` It 's dumbed down '' `` too short '' `` shallow '' . So after all of these lashes I desided to rent the game . The opening sequence was great . The crazy loon is dropped from the window and tells the baddies `` batman is coming '' and voila the most well made Batman in video games comes down pissed and ready to kick some serious ass . From then on I was hooked . I blew the whole package in maybe 6 hours , but I tried to stretch it to 3 days and a couple of hours each day . But it was a hightlight due to the voice acting and the general game story , its the same one from the film just differently organised kinda like memento `` pun intended '' . Now this ofcourse are hightlights but here come the dark parts of the game . It is too short , I mean any gamer can blow through it in like 6 to 10 hours so I admit the value is alright , also the gameplay itself makes the game a bit easy , in some way it is a good thing because if it became like splinter cell it would have been waaaaaaay to difficult , especially because you barelly stand a chance against bullets , but also it is a bad thing due to the lenght of the campaing . This does n't mean you wont get stuck , because you will , but you always know what you are gon na do all the time . The graphics in the game are gorgeous , the models are superb and batman is amazing but there are really weird stuff going on some times , like the batcape going through batman 's body or doing the batmobile always having this snow like water stuff when you drive . In the end you ca n't help but to notice parts where you can improve the game but still critics seemed to get stuck here in the mud of the game instead of actually apreciating what the game did right and that is making the game really fun to play , something Ultimate Spider-Man left behind for example -LRB- now that was a shallow game -RRB- . In the end Batman Begins may not be the Best game and there still could be some improvement , but it is still a really really good game .
 the game is spectaculer , i must have been under a rock to just find out it excisted im a huge fan of the franchise and cant stop playing any of the games ps2 or ps3 thx
 Now do n't get me wrong.Batman Begins was and is an excellent movie.It really was.But , I would have to say that the game is alot better.There is just so much more depth to it , compared to the film.That being said.Batman Begins the video game , is ACTION PACKED all the way through ! The graphics , gameplay , music , voice acting ... EVERYTHING is fantastic ! You can even drive the tumbler which was a total thrill for me.This game features all the original actors from the Batman Begins film , doing their character 's voices.I HIGHLY recommend this game if you loved the movie.I bet you 'll the love the game even better .
 I got this game for my son , and he really liked it ! He really liked the stealth parts of the game . Being Christians , he would have survived without the bad words though . Overall it was a very good game .
 this should have been a PS2 classic . but anyway a very good game . some parts could piss you off but it makes up for it .
 I like a lot of Batman games , but this is one of my number 1 picks when it comes to the Batman universe . What makes this game really great in my opinion is the graphics , the voices of the movie actors , how it uses the same movie storyline , but goes way more in depth with it and expands what you see in the film , the lighting , the two Bat mobile levels , the stealth/fighting styles you can have Batman perform , his selection of weapons/gadgets , and the music . All of that to me makes this game one of the best . It reflects on both the film and the character really well . There 're a lot of extra features also . You can have three extra Bat-suits to make him where during the game . In addition to his all black Batman Begins movie suit , he has his blue and gray suit , with the plain black bat symbol , he has the black and gray version with the same plain black bat symbol on the chest , and lastly , he has his most known blue and gray version with the yellow and black bat symbol which is one of my top favorites . In fact , as far as the bat-suits in the game are concerned , the ONLY two suits that I like is the black and gray version with the plain black bat symbol on the chest , and the blue and gray version with the yellow and black bat symbol . I play the game using ONLY those two suits . I always have and always will . I love the film and next to Michael Keaton , I thought Christian Bale was a great choice for the new Batman , but I 'm not a big fan of the bat-suit from the film , therefore I do n't like to use it in the game . One bat-suit that I would of loved the game to have is the ONLY cool Batman movie bat-suit in my opinion and that 's the Michael Keaton suit from the 1989 Batman film , but it 's all good . The game features trailers to the movie , and picture galleries . I may really like the film , but I have to say that the game is A LOT better in my opinion , because of all the reasons I named above , but mainly because of how in depth it goes when expanding the movie story and it 's dark tone . This is a MUST buy , that 's if you 're definitely a Batman fan .
 Batman Begins is a 2005 game based on the movie where Bruce Wayne 's parents were murdered & years later he becomes Batman . It follows the movie through missions & cut scenes they incorporate Ra 's Al Ghoul & The Scarecrow from the movie . You get to use all the tricks of the trade scaring criminals the combat system is very good the driving levels are the highlight of this game . The voice acting is great characters look like the do in the movie . I felt some of the levels take too long but that 's probably not a whole lot of levels in this game . It is 1 of the better movie based games I wish they could 've made a Dark Knight video game but it 's been 2 years so I doubt it . So if you liked the movie or any Batman movie odds are you 'll enjoy this game .
 I think this game has gotten a bad rap , and I really think it is a fun , worthwhile experience.Pros
 My two boys are great fans of Batman and they just love this game . A little before their time but still a great game especially when you can get a like new copy cheap , something like $ 10.00 .
 I 've been a Batman fan my whole life , and I 've played every Batman-based video game ever made . So trust me when I say that the BATMAN BEGINS game adaptation is the best Bat-game ever . EVER.Now , this comes from the Batfan , not from a die-hard gamer . I suppose that if you are more interested in a great gaming experience , then you might not be quite as high on this one as myself . However , if you , like me , have spent a large portion of your life wishing you could be Batman , then this game will more than satisfy you.Never before has a game existed that so perfectly captures how Batman works -LRB- or rather WOULD work -RRB- in the real world . I guess it took a movie with the same concept behind it to pull it off.In the BATMAN BEGINS game , it 's not about incessant puzzle solving or endless fisticuffs . You do n't have to spend hours just trying to complete and area or defeat a boss . In this game , you get to do ... well , BATMAN stuff . You throw Batarangs . You sneak up and stealthily disarm opponents . You crawl around ceiling pipes and inside air ducts and use gas bombs and flash grenades and the freakin-awesome HFT . But most of all , you get to spend a lot of time scaring the crap out of your enemies , interrogating them , beating them , and leaving them regretting the day they ever crossed your point-eared path.If you love or even like Batman , get this game . It rocks .
 With tons of bad games based on movies being made , this is still one of the few that is actually really good . For the PS2 , the graphcis are amazing . Even more than that , the game is really fun . It feels like a great Batman game more than a game based on the movie . overall , this is a must play . Awesome
 From the moment the movie was released , I fell instantly in love with it . It captured exactly how I imagined Bruce Wayne became Batman . It has since become one of my all-time favorite movies , and my favorite comic book-based movie of all time . As I usually am with movie-based video games , though , I was nervous about this title , despite how much I loved the movie . So , it was with trepidation that I went to a local store and bought it . Full-price , I might add . I went home , put it in my PS2 , started it up ... and fell instantly in love with it the same way I did with the movie.The graphics are outstanding , especially for old-gen . The music , what exists , fits in perfectly . The voices of the original actors added immensely to the experience . Stalking bad guys until their hearts beat rapidly and getting the drop on them ... priceless . I felt like I was in Batman 's cape and cowl , fighting as him . I really can not say enough about it . Most other reviews out there are dead wrong ... give this game a chance . You wo n't regret it . I wish I could say more , but I do n't want to make it to long . Go give this game a chance . I look forward to Dark Knight .
 I played this game before I saw the movie . I loved both . The gameplay is fear and fighting with some running climbing jumping and sneaking . Gameplay is awesome . The graphics are also good for a ps2 game . The character models are well detailed and the lighting effects are crisp and clean . The sound is perfect . The voice actors are from the film to bring their character to life . The story also follows the movies plot real closely . The sound of the guns are also outstanding . The menus are basic at points but then lead into bigger menus . The only flaw is that the game is only six hours long . All in all , Batman Begins is an outstanding game . Its worth every penny .
 The graphics are great . The controls work well . The story is fun although some of the levels are frustrating . But that 's just because they are a challenge .
 This game is a very good complementary for the movie . If you watched the movie , the game can make you understand more about the movie and the Batman . The graphics are very good , the movement of batman simulates the movie counterpart closely . A very grabbing game . It is not a traditional action game or RPG , etc. . It is like `` ICO '' + `` Rachet & Clank '' to some extend . You have to use your head to figure out the correct way to move on and you have to fight of 3 or 4 people at the some time.The only cons I found , -LRB- probably only for some of people -RRB- , is that some one may find this game too easy . There are lots of hints given during the game .
 THIS GAME IS GREAT THE GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME AND SO ARE THE VOICE OVERS THE LEVELS ARE FUN STEATH MODE IS SO COOLTHE BONOUSES ARE AWESOME TOOO THERE ARE ALOT OF COOL FUN LEVELS BUY THIS GAME NOW IT IS ONE OFF MY FAVORITE GAMES
 I 've never been a fan of movie-based video games . You either play the game before watching the movie , and get yourself spoiled , or the other way around . It 's a similar story when I was deciding whether to get Batman Begins . This is especially so when reviews on major gaming sites have unanimously slammed this game as an also-ran . Still , I went with my gut feeling and bought it anyhow , and I have n't regretted since.If you 've watched the movie , you 'd notice that the plot in this game follows the one in the movie closely . I wo n't call it an exact replica , but you basically play through the movie , with variations as to how some objectives are achieved . You begin with a prologue , which takes you through some of the basics of the games . This is then followed by the Himalayans training section , which teaches you even more controls . From then on , you pretty much spend your game in Gotham , and boy , what a beautiful city this is.Gotham is a sight to behold because the graphics in this game are quite awesome . The game takes you to various locales from the movie , like the earlier mentioned Himalayas , the Gotham Docks where Batman downed Falcone , and the Arkham Asylum where the Scarecrow operates , etc. . The characters faces are really lifelike , but this is of course expected , since they are modeled after the actors . You also get to see actual footage from the movie , which is a nice touch that pushes the story forward a little in between the levels.The controls for the game are quite straightforward . With the PS2 , you get to kick using the triangle button and punch using the square button . When your enemy is close to expiry , you can use the circle button to `` finish '' him off . The X button is used for jumping . The shoulders buttons allow you to equip items and use them , as well as blocking an attack and rolling on the ground . It 's all quite basic , and overall adequate in undergoing the various missions.The game itself has several elements . You can call it an action game , but it 's also a stealth game . Since an unarmed Batman is often easily wasted by an opponent with guns , you will need to sneak up on these opponents by patiently waiting for your chance , before performing a stealth kill on them . You can also use fear tactics to scare these dudes into dropping their guns , and these include sending boxes of crates towards them , setting off a security alarm -LRB- for a few times -RRB- and using a crane to lift a car up in midair . All these sound rather confusing , but the design of the game makes it very easy to achieve , and the linear nature of the game means that you 're almost always told what to do so you wo n't get lost.The game also feels like a Prince of Persia game at times , what with all the jumping around . Finding a way from point A to point B requires a careful scrutiny of the environment , and choosing the only right way to proceed . Therefore , it 's entirely possible to miss a jump and fall to your dismal death . The good thing is , you always begin at your last save point , so you wo n't need to backtrack too much . There are a lot of these save points too , so you can safely maneuver without worrying too much about dying.There are also two levels in the game that turn the game into a racing game , albeit only for these levels . Much like the Burnout series -LRB- now wholly owned by EA -RRB- , you get to control the Tumbler and set off a journey of taking opponents down -LRB- Road Rage -RRB- , beating a time limit to a destination -LRB- Time Attack -RRB- , and even finding a `` boss car '' to destroy using the Batmobile 's weapons . Way cool , if you ask me.The audios of this game are also awesome . Having voice-acting from the actual actors from the show is one thing . Making them sound like they actually care , and belong , to the game is another . The soundtrack is also dynamic , providing a really neat tribute to the dark nature of the movie.My main complaint for this game is the quite frequent slowdown in frame rate . It almost always happens when I 'm moving when a conversation by opponents is going on . It 's quite frustrating because here you 're trying to move quickly without getting noticed , yet the game does n't let you . The camera angle is also quite clumsy at times , even though you 've full control of what you want to see . Apart from these , I 'm quite satisfied with the game on the whole.So , here you have it . A review from a fan who actually played through the game twice . Ok , maybe I 'm pleased because I did n't have high expectations . But seriously , for a game that provides so much fun , I think the bad reviews are perhaps a little too harsh . Do n't trust me for that though . Get hold of the game and try it for yourself . You may end up being a fan too .
 Batman begins is a title i have looked forward to for months . Both the film and the game . I have been a huge Batman fan for years , but always felt in game play , the developers were missing a huge oppurtunity.When i purchased this game , i was not expecting much . This is for two reason , the poor games batman has had in the past , and also because many movie/game crossovers leave something to be desired for . This is obviously accountable as many games take years to make , whereas a film is done in about one year , and both have to be similar so they need to be made side by side , giving the game developers little time to create the desired game.However , i now have to say i really like this game . This is a totally new angle to Batman , a secretive and silent stalker that preys on his victims fear . The premise for the game is also a very complex one , making your enemies afraid before you strike . This idea is a brlliant one , but i do feel the game has a lot more potential.For instance , your trusty batarang . There is one real problem with it , its considered a swiss army knife , it is used for everything . It can be used in this way in real life i know , but it does make the game a very predictable one at times.I also felt that creating the fear was not developed enough . I felt that the game gives you one chance to scare them . For instance , in one room you knock down a dinosaur statue . This scare four or five thugs and then you go and finish them . Unfortunatly , i think that this idea could be devloped further . If i were designing it , i would set Batman into a very open environment , allowing the gamer to follow his own path around obsticales . I would also make the fear factor lengthier , by gettin rid of the one big fear maker and replace it with having to introduce many small explosions and sounds , from a variety of places.This is what happens in the film and in many horror films.One real plus is the batmobile levels . Theu were so well enhanced and were the funnest part of the game , giving a break from the slow secretive gameplay and breaking out into a faster mode . It was so good that the developers added another level , unheard of in the film , just to keep it in there for longer.Overall , it is a good game that will be enjoyed thoroughly by Batman fans . However , more neutral parties will be disappointed and will compare it to more impressive games , such as Metal Gear Solid and Splinter Cell .
 I 've just finished the game and i have to say this is really great!It really fits in well with the film , using the same actors voices and the characters look very similiar to their real-life counterparts.As well as Batman , you get to play as Bruce Wayne in training before he becomes batman and also as Bruce in a tuxedo in a level which has the Wayne Manor in flames . Very cool.The driving bits are great fun as well , very Burnout , with extra racing modes being unlocked after you beaten those levels.The main gameplay consists of a mixture of combat and stealth . If Batman comes accross a group of heavily armed enemies , he will end up dyingh if he tries to tackle them directly . you need to use stealth to sneak up on them or even beter use your fear-gadgets or a batarang on your surroundings -LRB- e.g throw your batarang at a gas-pipe to burst it -RRB- , to scare them a bit beforehand , making defeating the enemies easier.The game is n't too difficult -LRB- though the combat seems to be a lot tougher in Challenging mode -RRB- and took me about 9 or 10 hours to beat in Normal mode.The graphics are simply amazing . The levels graphics are some of the best i 've seen on a PS2 game and the Batman charcater looks very cool in his bausuit and cape.The game could have had a bit less linear with more ways of solving the situations that you come accross but at least it means you never get stuck for too long.The controls are pretty straight forward , with 2 butons for combat -LRB- punch & kick -RRB- as well as another button for soing special finishing moves and other buttons for batarang and fear gadgets .
 I wo n't re-hash what other reviewers have said in too much detail
 Batman Begins is great , short , but yet real fun ! you can enter a stealth mode so that the bad guys cant see you then make an awsome combat move , you can use smoke grendans and a sonic bomb which can summon bats the scare the crap outta the bad guys . But whats fustrating is you have to scare the bad guys so that they drop their guns cause then your dead . you scare then by throwing your bat - a-rang at objects and doing other stuff that makes them frightned . it follows the story line from the movie nothing else . its a great game , i found my self playing it again and again , cause i beat it so quickly since its so short , since it was short i just needed more batman so i kept on playing it new game after new game , if your not a big batman fan rent this game , if you are a big batman fan buy this game other then that peace out ...
 I got this game on my 10th birthday and a playstation 2 with it and when I started playing it , it was amazing and it is better than the batman dark tomorrow game although I do n't have the batman dark tomorrow because I only have playstation 2 , playstation , and Game Boy advance.They did n't make batman dark tomorrow on playstation 2 because it was cancelled on the playstation 2 , but here are the three batman games I like Batman Rise of Sin TZU , Batman Vengeance , and the Batman Begins.If you want this game buy it.It is so much fun to play it.I think I got this game along with the new playstation 2 look at fry 's electronics located at Oxnard near Costco , eb games , and gamestop has it.This is the most best game I ever played .
 this game is great it lets you jump straight into the action as soon as you start it up , the levels are long but the game itself is short , that may be one of the things that lets it down along with the fact that it is too easy , i say just rent you 'll be done in under a week
 It 's about time that I play a Batman Game that allows me to really `` be '' Batman , in the sense that you do n't just go running around using bad-balls equipment , and fighting bad guys . This game did for stealth action what Splinter Cell did , and I 'm not the only person who thinks that , just read the other reviews , EA did n't do much with the NFS Underground series , as Midnight Club 3 easily out-weighed them in awesomness all around , but , when it comes to Batman , that 's one series that is going to make consumers very happy with Electronic Arts . The only element that was lacking was free roaming , but I 'll get into that later . Here are some + 's and cons -LRB- cons and not - 's because , - - what sucks ... , would look wierd -RRB- . + - Graphics are equally as beautiful on PS2 as on X-Box . Game mags. , like Game Informer , usually use X-Box screens on reviews and previews for multi system games , but for Batman Begins , they used PS2 screens . That 's a good sign . + - Controlls are easy and fluid , even on X-Box and Gameqube , but PS2 still beats them . + - The fact that you have to actually use your head . It 's extremely smart to include the element of suprise . If you scare your enemies , you have a huge advantage over them before they ever see you . That 's where the Area Fear and Reputation meteres come in , when you blow up someting or make different virtical objects collapse while hidden , you scare the crap out of you foes , and your Reputation goes up , and the thugs also have individual feat `` meters '' as well , different from the Area Fear meter located right under the Reputation meter . The individual thug 's fear which shown by an EKG in the top-left corner of the screen . The more frightened they become , the faster their heart races , and the more fumbly they become fighting you , which , obviously , makes it easier for you to interrogate them , of course after beating the crap out of them . Blow up a near buy gas tank , distracting 4 + thugs and makin ' 'em drop their guns , then sneaking behind one , takin ' 'em out slinently , then the remaining thugs effortlessly , then sparing one thug for interrogation involving more violence , is just enormously entertaining . It 's never gets old . + - Free-roaming is n't nessesarily a good thing , especially in a game like this , because the game already gives you a sense of Gotham City that is enough to make you happy with what EA did . The game keeps you with the story , instead of letting you wander off and start doing things that have nothing to do with Batman 's main objective , in other words , things that keep you from completing the game , like Spider-Man 2 . I like the fact that the game keeps you in the story throughout the whole thing because it would ruin the dark , surprising , bad-@$$ mood of bing Batman in the area which he belongs , the action , not the randomization . No free-roaming ? No worries , here folks . Enjoy what you paid for , Batman , not Distractionman . Okay that was a little cheesey.cons - None that I can really think of . Less is more , that 's true with this game , less distraction , more Batman.Point being , this is a long review , but also , this is a great game . Do n't pass it up .
 This batman game is the bomb , you get to travel around the city by Bat-mobile , bat-jet , foot , and more fighting his evil villians Scarecrow , some kong fu guy and even some thugs.Go almost any where setting fear into hearts of Gothom City.Use batman 's martial arts and cool gagjets . Forget Superman games , get The Batman Begins .
 This is it guys Batman is back in a game worthy of his lengendary status . This game will allow you to think and act like the bat , this not your other bat-games . Batman Begins is kinda of resident evil 4 meets goldeneye , but with Batman and those amazing toys you get to play with as the Darknight.The story is like this STOP the SCARECROW and save Gotham City.I have never played a game were stealh is a must playing the shadows is very important here as that is as part of the bat 's style then anything else .
 batman the game is spectacular . based on the new movie . the game features a story of its own . live the movie in `` batman Begins '' .
 I love Batman Begins videogame . The alternate costumes are cool . I 'm just really big Batman fan .
 While I was a little on the uneasy side about buying this game I think that it is one of the best games I have yet to buy . While playing you notice similarities to Splinter Cell but Batman just does it do much better . As far as the graphics are concerned ... WOW !
 This is one of the Best Batman Games and Movies ever made ! The Reason why I said that is because Batman is one of my Favorite Heroes than Superman , and The Incredible Hulk ! Also the reason why i said Superman because the biggest disapointment was that Warner Bros is making another Superman Movie but I think Batman is better ! It 's Just for Superman they Can not Replace Christapher Reeves ! Best of all one of the Best Batman Movies Ever !
 Great Game but in response to review by Poetic -LRB- Memphis , TN -RRB- Batman is a DC comics title not Marvel Comics !
 Batman Begins is a phenominal film and the video game is also very cool . The thing that really jumped out me while playing this game , is that it is ramarkably similar to the Splinter Cell Series . That is because the Splinter Cell designer team also created this game . This is of course a good thing , most of the time anyways . First off the graphics are great , just like in Spinter Cell , the lighting is awesome and the characters look real , along with the backgrounds . Also like Splinter , STEALTH is your main weapon . This is pretty cool , especially since Batman uses stealth but also because very few games revolve around stealth and it is pretty fun as opposed to just running around hitting people . However , I ca n't help but think that this game should have been more like the Spiderman 2 video game . In Spidey2 you get to explore the whole city and LOOK for bad guys to stop and beat up . Of course this game is better as a ` level game ' as opposed to free roam because moving as Spidey is fun and Batman really just walks most of the time with the occasional flying . Anyway , I think that the way it is here is great but it would be better if it were more random , you know YOU find enemies instead of following a mostly linear path to them . Whatever ! Great Game nonetheless ! Peace to Iraq and impeach Bush ! Buy this game now or wait until you 've rented it first and be sure to see the movie , it is incredible !
 I am a HUGE fan of the Splinter Cell series and I was quite blown away when I saw this is similar to that.Batman is one of my favorite Marvel Comic heros and I really enjoy playing this game . Just like Roger Ebert said about the movie , they got this game '' ... right this time ... `` I give this game Two Joysticks Way Up !!
 I wanted to teach my grandkids -LRB- 4th & 8th grade -RRB- some card games . This CD has a good tutorial and after giving them some intial help , they are learning on their own . I think they will learn much faster than me trying to help them . My only problem is I can not play any of the games when they are here . I would strongly recommend this game to anyone that wants to teach kids how to play card games as well as those that would enjoy a fun time playing cards . The price is right .
 This card game cd is worth it . It has so many different games on it and creates hours of fun . The best part is you can download the disk to any computer .
 As both a Batman fan and a side scrolling beat-em-up fan I have to say , I like this game . The people who made this game put a lot of effort into it . It plays out like a lost episode of `` the Animated Series '' . Kevin Conroy brings authenticity to the game as Batman . And Cary Togawa -LRB- AKA Shang Tsung -RRB- takes on the role of Sin Tzu , an evil war lord of some sort . The character of Sin Tzu was created by Jim Lee -LRB- who in my opinion has no right creating characters because they 're all garbage like Hush and W.I.L.D Cats and also ushered in an era of crappy comics that valued style over substance -RRB- , the man who -LRB- with Jeph Loeb -RRB- reinvigorated the Batman franchise.As for the game , it 's a two-player side scrolling fighting game -LRB- like Double Dragon or Final Fight -RRB- . You can play as Gothams 3 main heroes and a visitor from Bludhaven . Not only Batman and Robin , but Batgirl and Nightwing too . As you progress through the game your character unlocks fighting moves and weapons . The fighting is pretty solid . Combo 's are preformed by timed button presses and pauses . By the time you reach the last level you feel like you have complete control over the characters.I 'm not saying that you do n't have control over Batman -LRB- much like you do n't have control over him in Dark Tomorrow -RRB- . It 's just that as the difficulty increases , your skill also HAS TO increase . It 's a kids game but the developers did n't make this game easy to use . You can button mash through the first couple of levels , but after a while you have to know what you 're doing in order to progress.This game came out during -LRB- what felt like -RRB- a drought in DC cartoons . The Batman/Superman Adventures and Batman Beyond have long been canceled and the Dark Knight was taking a back seat to J'onn J'onzz and Green Lantern in Justice League -LRB- which i could n't get enough of -RRB- . So at the time , playing this game -LRB- or any Batman game for that matter -RRB- was really special . As a fan I was motivated to play it through to the end . When they wrote up the stories and dialog and music -LRB- especially in Dark Tomorrow -RRB- you can tell that they wanted to treat the characters with care and respect . The game developers on the other hand would make average games and copy and paste Batmans face on them.Rise of Sin Tzu is an OK Batman game . My copy came with a Batman action figure . It would have been nice if this game were 4-players . If you 're following up Arkham Asylum with this , it 's best to think of it as a PSN or XBL download caliber game .
 I got this game at gamestop at ventura and I got it used for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . When I bought it it was in excellent condition it 's like new.When I started playing it it was fun because I got the secret codes from gamespot.com.I beat it about 10 times and it is so much fun that I give it 5 stars for being the best game I ever played.I got it on May 20,2006 . It is fun to play the game and read the manual.This is so much fun than the game batman dark tomorrow because I did not buy it because the company line kemco only made it for Xbox and Gamecube and not on PS2 and it is only online.Well , I did not want to buy it off the internet because that would be retarded.So Batman Rise of Sin TZU is a very good game I would rate it like 10 stars because it is really good to play the game and it is very good !!!!!!!!!! Batman Rise of Sin TZU is one of my most bestest number 1 game I have ever played.If you really want this game on PS2 , Xbox , Bamecube , or Game Boy Advance then go ahead go get it it is the most game that I had ever played.If you do n't know where to go look for it , you should go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and type in Batman Rise of Sin TZU and select the system you want it on and at the bottom that says check store availability type in 93003 or 93065 . Buy this game you will love it it is really fun to play with.Thank you Ubisoft and Gamestop in ventura for having a copy and I really like this game !!!!!!!!!!
 It 's possible that I have a slightly different model -LRB- mine says `` 1019 BLOCKS '' on the front instead of `` 64 MB MEMORY CARD '' -RRB- , but I think it 's essentially the same card . I 've had this card for about four years now , and while it occasionally says that the `` card could not be read , please put in a new card , etc. '' when I first boot up PSO , the only inconvenience it 's really given me is that I have to pull it , and then out and put it back in.I 've never had any major corruption problems in the last four years , and I 've used my Gamecube -LRB- and this card in particular -RRB- at least four times a week , for several hours a day . As always , do more research on this product before you buy it , but I 'm just letting you know that not all people get faulty cards -LRB- or perhaps , have faulty Gamecubes -RRB- .
 This book was invaluable during playing of this XBox 360 game . I could not have advanced in the game without it . A must have for all Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion game players .
 This is a very good Game ... very large , and not like most games today , that last only 12 to 20 hrs of play . In fact I think its a good idea to get the game guide for this game .
 The 60 gig is the best PS3 there is , simply because of the fact that it is backwards compatible . I can play the original 1996 Need for Speed for PS1 , play God of War II , and then turn around and play Need for Speed Undercover -LRB- 2008 -RRB- if I want . You do n't have to throw away any of your old games , no matter what system it was on . The 60 gig allows you to create an internal memory card for PS1 and PS2 games , and allows all the options of the other systems . You ca n't beat it .
 This would probably be the best deal ever . First , its coming from amazon so you have a 85-100 % return percentage . But seriously , those who say that it is not a good investment are wrong . Think about it , even if you do n't have many ps2 games or do n't plan on playing them in the future , you will have the only game station that cost the company more to produce it than was actually sold for !!! The components were even made with a higher grade of material and more efficient equipment which is what drove the price so high that they began to realize that they needed to make some profit too . And ... then came the cheaper , yet still reasonable 40GB , 80GB , 120GB , 160GB -LRB- in Nov of 08 ' -RRB- models with the same properties and performance , minus a few important -LRB- to some -RRB- technical aspects.The 60GB I 've been told does n't have a powerful enough fan to cool the ps3 's emotion engine , but do n't go buying one of those Nykko fans that attach to the ps3 -LRB- they cause more damage than harm and void your ps3 's warranty -RRB- . But no worry because the ps3 has multiple well-placed vents so it is not a problem . I however have one of those small fans that i place near my ps3 so that it vents away the heat buildup where the wire connections are -LRB- back of console -RRB- and / the top -LRB- if in upright position -RRB- . A quick tip on positioning the console
 This game is fantastic . Fast paced and you can level rather well and quickly . There are more quests than you can handle . The map is larger than you can travel in 60 levels let alone the 216 max level . The graphics for when this game was made are top notch . Multiplayer mode is where it 's at . This is an excellent answer to Diablo , D2 and WOW . Not to forget but they are also releasing Sacred 2 which promises to be bigger and better . I would recommend this game to all Hack and Slash fans .
 I ordered this game for my husband . He is the RPG player . He had tried this game in the past , and could never finish it . Apparently , there was something wrong with his copy . After doing the uninstall/reinstall thing several times , he gave up on it.He asked me to order this for him , in hopes that he could finish it this time . This copy worked , and he has now played it a couple of more times , successfully finishing it.I do n't know much about this game , but the one hint I can give is that my hubby is a very big fan of Neverwinter Nights , Dungeon Siege , and Divine Divinity . If you like those games , too , you may like this one .
 This is a great buy . My 14 year old son asked me to get this for him and I am glad that I did because he is really satisfied and you ca n't beat the price .
 ALL I CAN SAY ABOUT THIS IS WOW ! THE SPEAKERS WERE A LITTLE ON THE SMALL SIDE BUT THEY MADE UP FOR THAT IN THEIR KICK BUTT SOUND . THE SUB WOFFER IS VERY POWERFUL AND THE SPEAKER GIVE OFF A NICE CLEAN SOUND . WHAT I LIKE MOST ABOUT THIS IS THAT YOU CAN CHANGE THE VOLUME WITH OUT TURNING UP THE TV AND BLOW SPEAKERS . BUT ANYWAY BUY THIS NOW WORTH EVERY CENT !!
 I would have given this product 5 stars . Unfortunately , like a lot of the reviewers , mine also stopped working.I loved the subwoofer and the surround speakers were ok . Luckily , I took mine back to Toys-R-Us and they gave me my money back.I would purchase another exact system if I knew it would n't have the same problem.I definitely would not recommend this product !
 I like intec products but my surround sound blew when i was hooking it up i dont know what happened
 This is a good kit to have for xbox if u dont have a lot of money and has great sound . It may almost cost as much as a gamecube but it is worth every penny .
 For the price , this is a very good system . It is fairly simple to set up and does n't take much time . The sound quality is very good too , and the subwoofer really rumbles when the sound is high .
 Unlike the other people here , i received this product as a Christmas gift and loved it ! Mine works perfectly and has never given me any trouble . Sound is excellent , and really makes movies and games much more interesting and fun , would recommend to anyone !
 Do you still have your old Atari tucked away for those rainy days ? Do you enjoy good old-fashioned low budget graphics ? Are you more then happy with a character who 's just a cursor-a sword that 's just an arrow-and dragons that look like ducks ? If so Adventure is every bit as fun as you remember , or as much fun as all your other old Atari games . Yes it 's utterly pathetic when compared with every other modern video game on the market , but for pure nostalgia it ca n't be beat . Grand Theft Auto 4 may be mind-blowing , but it ca n't make you feel like you 're ten years old again . Although if it does you should probably get some sort of help for that .
 There was a time when video games were pretty much just sports games , shooting games or some variant of sports or shooting games . Action games were n't around yet , and most RPGs were years away.When was such a barbaric time ? The late 1970s . But into that age came a little game known as Adventure . It came out in 1979 and was made for the Atari 2600 home video game system.By today 's standards , Adventure would be a pretty dull game . Simplistic , blocky graphics . Next to no sound . Gameplay so easy it could be considered laughable.But that 's today . In 1979 , Adventure was ... in a word ... awesome!How do you play ? You control a little blip on the screen that goes around castles and through mazes to find various objects that are needed in a quest to find a golden chalice and return in to the main castle . Such objects included a sword to fight off three dragons , keys to enter castles , a magic bridge and a magnet . The basic version of the game could be played in just a few minutes , a long , long way from today 's RPG games that sometimes take weeks upon weeks to finish.Adventure also goes down in history . For on thing , it is the very first video game to include an easter egg . What is this easter egg ? In a secret room there are the words `` Created by Warren Robinett , '' who was the creator of Adventure for Atari . How do you get to this secret room ? I 'm not going to tell ! What fun would that be?Another innovation with Adventure is that it is the very first action-adventure video game!Being a simple game , once you 've played Adventure a handful of times , you 've done just about everything the game has to offer . But it 's still plenty of fun .
 A friend of mine who lived next door had an Atari 2600 video game system back in the early '80s . One game that we played a lot was Adventure , which he got in 1981 . This is a sort of Dungeons & Dragons-like game with castles and dragons . The graphics are so basic and the game is very simple , yet it 's a fun game to play . Your `` guy '' is a block - that 's right , a block . Not something that looks like a person , just a square on the screen . The game does n't have many sound effects , either . A somewhat quiet game , but lots of fun . It was around this same time that my friend introduced me to the Dungeons & Dragons role playing game , so it all fit together nicely.If you still play an Atari 2600 , then I recommend Adventure .
 Have n't played Adventure 2 for the Atari -LRB- yet -RRB- so this will stick to the first gameIts the late 70s , you 're addicted to Space Invaders , Asteroids , will later be playing games like Wizard of War , Dig DugYou pick up the 2600 VCS . Great game with it -LRB- Combat -RRB- . Space Invaders has great graphicsPitfall ! is great fun too , with GREATER graphicsAnd which game gets my vote for the most fun on the Atari 2600 ? Thats right , Atari 's Adventure . The game has 3 difficulty levels . After you play the first couple , you wo n't be playing them at all
 In the Summer of 2011 , I Bought an 10 in 1 plug and play game , Which i didnt know at the time were mere Emulations of the originals , Remakes if you will . This game had me hooked for hours and i played it over and over and over and over.I am so sick of it today but cant stop playing it . I became obsessed with atari and all there awesome games that i bought a 2600 and got over 80 + cartridges.Adventure still beats them all , no doubt . I recieved the Illustrated version of the cart , but it plays the same . I love this game and even though its boring , it will always be the best game ever.The Lack of music can really drag you down , But you still get occasional Bleeps and blurs to tell you whether you picked something up , or a dragon is trying to eat you . Did i just say Dragon ? yeah , there in there too.Roughly the Whole synopsis of the Game seems to spawn all down to one goal , Return the stolen gold Chalice to its rightful kingdom . Your the hero , You have to accomplish this task or die trying . The Evil wizard who took the Chalice , Never appears , But nonetheless , his presence is obvious seeing as how he created the dragons , the Evil Bat , and the darkness of the Kindgom.You will spend a couple minutes , maybe a half hour on the first level if youve never played it before , Maneuvering around Dragons , trying to fight back all you can with your Sword , and getting lost in the Kindoms maze . The games fun if you dont know wat to do , figuring it out gives it a better challenge and letting you Learn on your own like what do Keys do ? What does this -RSB- -LSB- shaped thing do ? What does the Horseshoe shaped thing do ? But the arrow looking thing is kinda obvious , its your weapon . You can really see sometimes , why this game is called The Zelda of the atari . IT REALLY IS.Dragons are your biggest fear , You can not always carry your sword , and will sometimes have to put it down in order to Grab other things like Keys and Tools to Find the gold chalice . Many a times have i been swarmed by two dragons while holing nothing more than a key , Or maybe i get cornered and the Dragons are closing in but i have my sword , Im about to stab one when the bat swoops in and takes my sword leaving me a Key . Things like that happen alot in adventure . And frankly , you havent played a game as good as this one , Ever.THe downside , No sound . Generally the game is completley silent unless something is going on , like you picking up something or putting it down.The upside is , with a good imagination , this game Rocks .
 I do n't remember this game being so difficult . I 'll have to give more credit to my ten-year-old gaming self . Video games today require far less imagination . This game is literally one step above pen-and-paper RPGs . Love it !
 This is another great classic Atari has to offer . The game play can be confusing though . I have passed this game but only about 3 times !
 I was n't around for the Atari age , but I 've found that I really enjoy retro games . I scored an Atari from a friend not long ago , and I love it . I picked up a copy of Adventure , and it 's become one of my favorite games . I love video games , and going into it I knew that Adventure was supposed to be one of the first games in the genre that bears its name . To play a piece of history like this is incredible , and it 's well worth the buy .
 The purchase went well overall . I like this game pad from microsoft . I have been using one for 8 years with no problems . I needed another one and I found it here . The only thing that is bad about it is that I think it needs one more button , because some games require this .
 Now , I 'll start by saying that how I came across this control was complete luck . The national guard was having some sort of charity sale not far from where I lived and I happened to be driving by . I found this control , used , for $ 2.00 . Now , it works great . I use it for emulators and it 's perfect for the Genesis and near-perfect for the Nintendo 64 -LRB- i had to export my start button to the keyboard -RRB- . Without any fancy software , this controller WILL plug-and-play with windows XP . Do n't be fooled by anyone who says it wo n't . It 's a pretty comfortable controller and it 's durable . I 've banged it around a bit -LRB- accidentally of course -RRB- and it still works perfectly .
 I 've had this controller in a box since I bought it like ... 10 years ago . Recently , I wanted to play a game on my PC that was basically a console port -LRB- are n't they all nowadays ? -RRB- . I have a wireless 360 controller , but no wireless connector for my PC . I did n't feel like buying one , so I dug out this old Sidewinder . Worth a shot , I thought . And it works on Windows 7 ! Plug and play ! I could n't believe it . Buttons fully configurable , etc. , if the game allows.I remember now why I never used this controller , though . I really do n't like the directional pad . It 's very mushy and so does n't feel precise . Also the rotation of the directional pad on the controller is n't straight up and down . So to push up , you really have to push up + slightly right , if you see what I mean . For this reason it 's easy to end up crouching down when you 're really trying to run to the left . Hope you see what I 'm trying to say . I 'm sure I 'll get used to it after a while . Or if I do n't , I 'll invest in an Xbox 360 connector.All in all though , if you find one of these at a garage sale or cheap on Amazon and you really need a controller , this is a decent buy . It 's even got trigger buttons . Only one directional/analog though .
 ive went through 4 or 5 of these . why ? because there has yet to be a bettter analog dpad . the only problem with this gamepad is the way its made internally . the switches on the dpad wear out too fast . . the soft rubber pads inside get beat up by the hard plastic dpad ... ive taken many apart . but its awesome while its working , if you like to control your car with a dpad like me.soooo . . i just keep buying : -RRB-
 This gamepad is the best . It a good combination of size and functionality . This is a good price for a good product .
 I do n't know why some poeple experience problems with the Microsoft Sidewinder 2 Force Feedback Joystick using Win XP as their operating system , but I have never experienced any problems whatsoever . Granted , it may not work with some types of gaming software , but mine works without a hitch in all the latest versions of Microsoft Flight Simulator -LRB- which is why I bought this joystick to begin with . -RRB- The only problem I had is when I tried using this joystck in a Commodore 64 emulation running under Win XP . It may also help to load the correct drivers for the joystick that are included on the CD . This may correct any problems being experienced with running under Win XP . And do n't bother asking me for the drivers . I wo n't send them to you .
 I 've had this joystick ever since Windows 98 and it still performs like it was brand new . Many times I 've thrown this thing on the ground frustrated -LRB- not from the joystick but the game -RRB- . It hasnt broken yet , and it doesnt seem like it ever will . The joystick itself fits your hand like it was made for it . When it gives force feedback , it adds a whole new edition to the game . The only bad thing about this joystick is that it must be plugged into a power outlet to get the force feedback . But it has treated me very well , even though I might have abused it a bit .
 I have had this joystick for as long as it has been on the market , it has migrated for a 98 comp to ME , to XP with out a hint of problems . If you had problems with this Stick the problem must have been your comp . or you ! It is to bad that Microsoft hit in some of the final nails in the flight sim coffin with it withdraw from this market .
 I have had and used the ForceFeed Back 2 Joystick sence it First came outand i have used it with Windows 98 and Windows XP and with all the Microsoft Flight Sim Games ie Combat Flight Sim 1 , Flight Sim 2 , Flight Sim 3 , Flight Sim 98 , Flight Sim 2000 , Flight Sim 2004 , plus more allwaysworked great with all my Flight Sim Games , I bought my First ForceFeed Back 2 Joystick in 1999 , and after useing it for almost two years I lost the Rudder Control on the Joystick , I called Microsoft and ask them where I could get it serviced and repaired , the person I talked to ask me for the serial # on the bottom of the joystick , after I gave her that she told me just to throw that one away , and that they would just send me a nother one free of charge , In two days I had a Brand new ForceFeed back 2 Joystick which I have been useing sence 11/28/01 with out no problum.I know they have stoped making them now , But I have just bought A nother New one here on line today for a backup just in case this one I have everCrashs , so far I have been useing it now for six Years with out a ProblamI Have allways had good results with All my Microsoft Products.In My Opinion the ForceFeed Back 2 Joystick is a great Product .
 I bought this Joystick in December of 2002 and I 've been constantly impressed and surprised and the durability and strength of this unit over time . I usually have to return a joystick -LRB- force-feedback or non -RRB- within 6 months because at least one button broke or a problem with centering . This joystick has never once gone out of calibration and the belt driven force feedback is powerful , but never overwhelming.Overall a must have product for Flight Simmers seeking to enhance their enjoyment of any flight sim game -LRB- Lock-On , IL2 through Pacific fighters , and of course MSFS 2004 -RRB- . Get one and see for yourself .
 I 've had this joystick for years now , and owned the original Sidewinder previously . This line of products was , in my opinion , one of the few things Microsoft did right . I tried the X52 and other joysticks and always go back to my good old reliable Sidewinder . Sure , it 's not the newest , but it works for me .
 The Force Feedback would get five stars from me if it detected the Jet Ranger better . It does a great job of flying it but I expected at least some wobble when bouncing around on the skids and a little resistance when changing axis . Registration tells you to click `` about '' in the `` help '' menu for the ID number you need -- incredibly frustrating
 I recently bought it . Get it , get MS Combat Simulator and get MS Flight Simulator 2K2 Pro . You will spend days enjoying it ... : - DFor flight sim it 's just great . I have to agree with other reviewer that says that the throttle is too small , but it does n't compromise the overall performance of the joystick .
 Guys , if you have ANY doubts what-so-ever regarding this joystick , read this review.I purchased it almost 5 years ago in Iran . It had a previous life with another owner in Japan , but he sold it to me at a Bazaar in Tehran for $ 30 . This thing has been ABUSED to no end in these last 5 years ; traveling the world , used as an accidental footstool countless times , hard aerobatic flying with slamming of the controls , etc. . It 's in just as great a shape as when I first bought it.I use it on Windows 7 64-bit without the need for any external drivers . It 's plug and play , and has been for every device i 've ever connected it to.The feedback is amazing in every respect . It adds a new dimension of realism to our beloved simulators . Although it 's not a yoke , i 've never felt the experience `` unrealistic '' , as for my purposes , it does everything I need it to do.To make a long story short , if you can get a great deal on it like I did then do n't hesitate . You wo n't regret itAlex
 Well , I sincerely just ordered this joystick but a friend of mine also ordered it by amazon , the best site , of course and I got to test it and I felt it awesome . Its incredible movement and all its functions made me obsetioned of buying this thing and If it wold not be the maximum , I would give it infinite stars . I hope more people can get to have this awesome joystickThe paragraph above was written by me on 2001 , 13 years old back then , now , at age 24 I just wanted to tell you guys that my joystick is still alive , completely functional and still loving it . Too bad Microsoft doesnt make it anymore , many friends have asked me where to buy a joystick as this and with a certain sense of frustration AND satisfaction -LRB- Due to the exclusivity of my gaming experience -RRB- I tell them
 This one has the same nice force feel as the FF1 with a nicer base . I do not like the unprogramable throttle or the lack of a shift button -LRB- or one that can be programed as a shift button -RRB- In my oppinion the only thing this one has over the Logictech FF 3D is better programming for the sensitivity and the heavier base .
 Is the best Joystick in a world , its a new experience in a simulator game , try a Flight Simulator with this joystick ... is the best way to have real fun ...
 VERY FORCEFUL AND ACCCURATE AND FITS MY SMALL HANDS BETTER THAN OTHER BRANDS ... I WOULD PREFER A LARGER OR LONGER LEVER FOR THE THROTTLE , BUT ALL IN ALL THIS STICK HAS A GOOD BALANCE OF FEATURES AND INSTALLATION WAS EASY ENOUGH
 I bought this Joystick so I could play Battlefield 1942 with a joystick . Battlefield 1942 does n't support force feedback but it 's still a good joystick for Battlefield 1942 and other games , especially with games that support force feedback . The Joysticks bottons are placed well and it is easy to setup and use . A great joystick if you ask me .
 If you ca n't get this joystick to work , what you might for sure need is a new computer because the installation is so easy , It says all over that you must install software first and then plug it in but that 's just nonsense since it asks you for the disk once detected anyway.It works great and the forces are really awesome and so strong -LRB- it can be set to medium or low intensity if you want -RRB- that it can make most of the stuff on your desk to move and fall down !! , they should warn you about that !!! instead of the
 I am a pilot , and this is about as real as you can get without a yoke and pedals . You can even feel the cracks in the pavement as you zoom down the runway . The throttle is a bit small , but other than that , I love it!Now I 'm anxiously waiting for the force feedback yoke !
 This is a fabulous product . I have had mine for over a year . Recently I bought a new computer and find the joystick does not work with Windows XP and Microsoft does not have a driver abailable any time soon ! ...
 Hi all , I bought this joystick back when it was new -LRB- almost six years ago now -RRB- and I have to say that after so much abuse -LRB- mostly from the old Mech Warrior franchise -RRB- it still looks , feels , and plays just like it did out of the box . Kudos to Microsoft for creating something with so much staying power and that after three PCs has yet to need replacing from overuse or obsolescence.Most of the pros and cons of the joystick have already been covered in reviews here already , though I would like to add that this joystick runs like a dream on Windows Vista Home Premium . I had lost my driver CD some time ago , though I gave plugging in the USB port a try and in a few seconds it was self-installed and ready to play . No searching , rebooting , or anything . A vast improvement it seems over the situation with XP -LRB- though personally I 've never had any issues with XP compatibility . -RRB- Oh , and as for the gripping complaints , a small piece of black tape over either of the IR hand sensors on the front side of the stick will keep the feedback active regardless of hand position . This is definitely still my favorite gaming accessory for the PC .
 I have installed and used this stick on a HP PIII laptop and an E-machines Celeron Desktop . Both systems running Win XP . Installation was straitforward and went without a hitch . I have used the stick with MS FS2002 , MS Combat FS , Novalogic F-16 , Novalogic Mig-29 , Crimson Skies , and even Motocross Madness 2 . All games play fine . I have had the old Novalogic games forever but never really played them because I have never had a joystick . What a difference it makes playing these games . On the games that provide force feedback the stick performs well also . With the included software the stick is totally customizable allowing you to configure just about everything . The stick is big and bulky so you need some space to set it when not in use . The base is 10 '' wide by 9 '' deep and it is pretty heavy . I purchases this with a rebate for buying FS2002 and also other available Amazon rebates so am happy with the performance at the price I paid .
 i am EXTREMELY happy with this joystick.im a fan of the MechWarrior series , and i find this joystick is perfect for it . it has a throttle control which i love , a heavy base so i find i could concentrate on what im shooting rather than keeping it steady , the force feedback system works very well , and the detection system is a nice touch . it also centers itself with the FF , so im also find im not trying to keep it straight.since im play online games with it , im constantly letting go of the joystick so i could type . when i let go the FF deactivates so i dont start running all over and get myself in trouble , i stay on a straight course.theres also an ample amount of buttons on it , so you wont have to bind commands onto your keyboard . going to MechWarrior , there are lots of commands as its futuristic fighting machines . i have a use for every button on it.i love this joystick , and ive always been a huge fan of Microsoft Sidewinder joysticks , and this is no exception . although ive never used it for anything other than MechWarrior , im sure it would be good for other types of games since its a solid build that when you let go , it stays where it is .
 It is a crying shame that Microsoft has announced that it is halting production on this product . If you are a sim pilot , this is one Sweeeeet Joystick . I am sure there are some problems encountered in some that have been manufactured , fortunately not in mine . I have 2 , I use one and have one on spare reserve , just in case the one I use goes belly-up ! In this sim-pilots opinion , the only mistake you could make would be not to buy one.FA 's # 1 Bruceman
 I 've had myMicrosoft Sidewinder Force Feedback 2 Joystickfor many years . So many in fact ... more than 5 , maybe 10 ?! that I can not recall which version of Flight Simulator I got it for . It has held up well all these years . Each time Microsoft releases a new Flight Sim , I jump on it . This joystick has been used with all of them this decade . The `` force feedback '' motors and all firing buttons continue to work well . Even the throttle works like it did on day 1 . I 've used this with a number of car racing programs too . I 'm running Win XP SP2 and SP3 - and no problems on either of those versions -LRB- worked find on Win98se too -RRB- . I have not tried it on Vista .
 I 've had this joystick for oh 4 years perhaps , and it still runs . Considering microsoft stopped supporting this stick thats pretty good , i 've used this in all the battlefield games , planetside , and with a little setup you 'll be gtg . on a side note this is another of my belated reviews and this item is really hard to come by if you can .
 Ive had this Joystick for about 5 years now -LRB- i dont remember exactly how long , but a couple months after it was on market -RRB- , and its a great joystick !! . I used it with Windows ME at the beggining where i had to install drivers , but with windows XP i just plug it and use it , doesnt even need calibration . I 've been abusing of it for about 5 years , and the only thing that im having trouble with is that the FOV move to the righ its a little hard , besides that , it works as well as the first day . I really recommend it .
 I purchased the MS Force Feedback after a Logitech product of mine failed . I was happy with this stick seconds after installation ! MS CFSII was a wholly different experience with force feedback . I can not imagine playing any flight sim without force feedback . This is a good choice for anyone looking for a good product without spending a bunch of money on some of the costlier stuff I 've seen out there .
 This is the best joystick , especially with the flight sim games . You can feel everything the bumps in the runway etc and the control is great . When you crash the stick goes crazy !! I would recommend this highly
 I was playing combat flight sim 2 , chasing a zero in a dive with a corsair , torched the zero but had too much speed to pull out of the dive , game was so realistick I snapped the joystick just before crashing into the ocean ! I need a damaged or broken sidewinder force feedback 2 joystick to possibly swap parts and fix mine , any other ideas ?
 This product does work with Windows XP . It is the Force Feedback that does not work . Force Feedback 2 works fine . I have Windows XP and have had no problems with this device . It works as specified and I like it .
 Have been using this stick since bf1942 and it has yet to fail me . The only short coming so far in BF3 is the hat switch binds dont work in game , since other sticks arnt binding at all I 'd say its no reason to complain and should be fixed soon .
 Anyone that says the Sidewinder Force Feedback 2 does n't work in Windows XP is dead wrong . I have been using mine for years and it works perfectly in Windows XP without installing any drivers . As soon as I plug it into a usb port it works.It is always detected perfectly in the Game Controller section of the Control Panel and the calibration is built into Win XP also . All I need to do it plug itI 'm currently using this in Battlefield 2 and it is truly a great feeling joystick . Super consistent with great feel and response . Built solid also . Highly recommended .
 It 's on the pricey side -LRB- I was lucky enough to get it from the MS company store -RRB- , but this is a really fun chunk of hardware . Force feedback is just plain fun . It only works with certain types of games , though -- if you 're a strategy game player , do n't bother ! It would be nice if it had more buttons and were easier to program . Also , some of the buttons are clustered all in one spot making it hard to do certain buttom combinations . They changed the location of the buttons from the FF1 , so some games -LRB- like Mechwarrior 4 -RRB- expect you to do button combinations that would be fine on the FF1 but ca n't be done easily or at all on this one .
 This stick is so good no one has bothered to upgrade it since its inception . Although flight sims have gone on the decline and interest has somewhat followed ; this is still `` top of the line '' technology selling for near or above original MSRP . The one I had was nearly indestructible and I lament having sold it . It gives a very real feel to everything . Havent read anything on WIN7 compatibility tho . Would like to hear if anyone has had success integrating it with say Mech Warrior 3 or any other of that kind of game . I know Mech Warrior 3 has issues with WIN7 ... but with a few patches you can get it to run . Someone please put in on this .
 I bought this Microsoft Force Feedback joystick when it first appeared in stores and have loved it ever since.It 's absolutely the best I 've used . I wanted another for a back up and the one I bought through Amazon.com works perfect just like new . And the item was shipped and received very fast . Thank you .
 I have had this joystick for a number of years and it has performed well . From time to time I have had issues with installing this on other operating systems but because it is so old the chance for it being recognized is fairly high.Installation -LRB- + -RRB- Just install the software and then plug it in . Most games recognize it right away.Force Feedback -LRB- + -RRB- This is a very strong force feedback joystick . It can feel like arm wrestling when you are flying a plane and are pulling off high G maneuversOverall -LRB- + -RRB- Great joystick.Thanks for reading my review .
 This is extreamly easy to use , easy to install as the drivers are Windows native , no caliberation ever needed , and works in every joystick supported program there is . It is a shame Microsoft stopped producing these . There is nothing out there at any price that is as good as this . I replaced my original Sidewinder Force Feedback with a Sidewinder Force Feedback 2 many years ago and have never had a single issue with it .
 I got this over 6 months ago for the same great price . Before I was useing the keyboard and got very annoyed by so I got this . I use it for Flight Simulator which is what it was designed to do . There are it 's down sides though ; in FS2002 during flight with the AP on when you hit the joystick it will make the plane bounce around all over the place but it can be rocovered and this is not a problem with FS2004 . The next problem I found is the force feedback , sometimes after a long flight it will put unessisary forces on the plane to make it more difficult but this can be overdone with calibration :-RRB- . I also found it handy that it had the heat sensor even though it is tough when touching it is got not to have the joystick roll around when you are not useing it . Overall this was a great product for a great price I would really recomend it .
 I have FFB1 and I love it adds realism to the games , makes you fight for control , I highly recomend these items .
 This is a really out standing product . Without the joystick MS Flight Simulator was nearly impossible to control . With the joystick , the simulator is `` realistically '' difficult . I 've started using the product as an aid for getting my pilots license re-current and for starting IFR training . I think it will help .
 If you 're a -LRB- flight -RRB- simulator fan , this joystick is really worth the money . It is well built with a nice feel and feedback effects.When I was shopping for force feedback joysticks I was torn between this and the Logitech `` 3D '' model . I have to admit , the Logic had a nicer design . The stick itself had a slightly better feel and the throw on the throttle control was longer and more precise . However , I decided to go with the Microsoft model because of the positive experience I 've had with their force feedback steering wheel . Just like the wheel , the construction on the joystick is very solid . I expect this will stand up to a lot of abuse.This stick is not without it 's drawbacks . First , the throttle control is a bit small . I would like something a bit bigger and with a bit more resitance . Second , the force feedback is only activated when you are fully grasping the stick . This is actually a neat feature , but can be annoying when you do n't feel like `` properly '' holding the stick .
 Wanting a controller for racing and flight sim games , I purchased the Microsoft Sidewinder Force Feedback 2 Joystick . The first thing I noticed is that it seems to be well made . It is quite heavy , but not too heavy to hold . The force feedback is the # 1 reason anyone would buy this , and this feature varies from game to game . On some games , it felt totally unnecessary and did n't add anything to the game . On others , it complimented it nicely . The feedback response seems to be strong on this controller.I would recommend this controller to anyone that is * really * into gaming . Otherwise , forgo the feedback and just get a regular joystick . If you play console type games or shooters , get a gamepad!One thing to note - whatever you do - do NOT lose the CD that comes with this . It contains the drivers needed to install this joystick . Microsoft does NOT have them on its website . Windows XP will not auto-detect and install the joystick .
 I have seen some of the negative reviews on how the Force feedback 2 works with Windows XP . My experience has been just the opposite . The joystick works very well with Windows XP . I followed directions and installed the software first . This took about 15 minutes , if you do n't include registration . Then , I plugged the joystick into a USB connection , tested the buttons . They all worked , and then I plugged in the power . I am using it with Microsoft flight Simulator 2002 , and it works perfectly every time . KUDOS TO MICROSOFT .
 Overall , this is a really great joystick which offer tremendous force feedback . The buttons are well-placed , and the ergonomic feel of the grip is outstanding . Unlike many other sticks , the Sidewinder offers twisting rudder control , which is key for many flight simulators and games such as MechWarrior.A couple of items really detract from the experience , however . I found the throttle control to be far too short and far too `` touchy ; '' it offers very little resistance , and it 's entirely too easy to blast yourself to full throttle without realizing . Also , the joystick is activated when you wrap your finger around it - there 's a small beam that , when interrupted , brings the joystick online and upright . The problem here comes when I relax my grip at all - there are times when I want to stretch my fingers out in front of the stick , and then suddenly I find that the stick has gone limp . ARGH ! It 's also a really large piece of equipment , simply because that 's how things are with force feedback right now ; but it does n't easily find space on my fairly-crowded desk.Despite these detractions , it 's still an excellent device overall . There are 7 buttons -LRB- three on the top of the stick , four on the base ahead of the throttle control , -RRB- plus the trigger and a `` hat '' control . It comes with good software which includes sample force feedback settings - this was the first force feedback stick I 've owned , and running it through the automated feedbacks was huge fun . : - -RRB- So , great piece of MS hardware with a few defects , only one of which I find hugely detrimental -LRB- the grip light . -RRB- Two thumbs up .
 Wow!First , I bought this for MS Flight Simulator 2002 . I had been flying it for several months with the keyboard . I decided to get a joystick . One reason for choosing this one was because MS `` manufactured '' it -- my thinking being that it should surely integrate into the game ! And it does.With the keyboard , I was happy if I could land the aircraft on the airport property ! If I could get * near * the runway , I considered myself quite fortunate . Also with the keyboard , I would use autopilot with lock into the elevation to level out the plane.Now with the joystick , I can level out the plane AND I can actually land on the runway ! -LRB- I am not a real world pilot . -RRB- Being able to finesse into position is a real treat.Structurally , I was amazed at what I got with this joystick . I am quite pleased with it.There are one or two reviews here that mention the throttle lever . I have found no problem with it , and in fact , I find it quite easy to use . I am , however , going to redefine two buttons for the increase/decrease fuel mixture functions.Lastly , there was also some reviews that mentioned installing the software . I am using Windows XP -LRB- h -RRB- . The software would NOT install . I finally decided that XP -LRB- h -RRB- should surely have the drivers already in the computer . So I plugged in the unit . There was one little beep -- announcing that new hardware was found . I clicked on the balloon window that accompanied the beep . Another beep and balloon window saying that the software was installed ! From there on , it was play , play , play.I am quite happy.l
 This joystick works great and has a very good quality and feel during gameplay , and although it is overpriced it may be worth splurging for if you love flight sims especially -LRB- Microsoft Combat Flight Sim 1 and 2 , etc. -RRB- . I have n't tried it with a first person game yet , I still prefer using a mouse with those.Can you live without it ? Yes , since for most games the force feedback component is n't really an essential part of the gameplay . Is it worth paying twice as much for it as the Logitech 3D force feedback joystick ? I do n't know , I just saw a few reviews saying the Logitech one did n't last as long.I think the Sidewinder is worth it , ... Other than the price , the only other con I can think of is that the force feedback is pretty strong and can wear you out after a while . I ca n't see a small kid using this . As others have mentioned , it does disable the force feedback if you are n't gripping the joystick , but that does n't bother me.Some might also consider the large size of the base as a negative , it 's about 10 inches wide , but it does make it very stable . The problem is I ca n't put the joystick in front of my laptop , it is way off to the side , but I have gotten used to it .
 This is a good joystick for casual flight sim and mech-combat games . It 's fairly responsive , it has eight buttons plus an eight-way hat and a throttle . It does not have the shift button of the original MS Force Feeback Pro , but it also does away with that sticks oversized power brick.It lacks some specialty features available on other sticks . Many games demand more buttons . For these , you may require an additional throttle or button-brick . It also lacks the extra dimensional controls of sticks such as the Gravis Xterminator , which are useful for some sims.Overall , this stick is worth picking up if you can get it for a price in line with other force feedback sticks , but the current market has inflated its price beyond its usefulness.I feel obliged to comment on XP support , as several others have disparaged it : This stick works consistently without additional software on each machine I have tried it on with XP Sevice Pack 2 . I do n't know if there are problems without SP2 , but I ca n't find the forums other reviewers have mentioned , so I 'm inclined to think the problem has been resolved .
 When I went into the market for a new joystick , I concentrated on finding one thing
 I bought this game mostly because I wanted to play Go against the computer . The Go program is amazing It 's quite a challenge for even people at the 1 dan rating when it is on the hardest mode . I was using a free go program which I did n't like , but the AI and overall system is good on here . I have n't played the Kakuro , but the Sudoku and Mahjongg are also fun . Two Thumbs up !
 dont know why all those people had problems installing it ... concidering all i did was plug it in , XP said new hardware detected , and 10 seconds later it said new hardware installed ^_^ that was it ... set to go . There werent really any problems with it , maybe the 2 hands on a joystick sux , but it still performs well .
 I bought the Precision 2 in hopes of finding a nice mid-range stick for some serious space simming . The stick performs well in all situations I have put it through , with a couple of exceptions.Other sticks have the button placements more accessible to one hand ... with the P2 you will need both , as there are 4 buttons on the base that are unreachable with the stick hand - without removing it from the stick , that is.The other minor flaw is that , in a precision dogfight , the ` Precision 2 ' joystick has an inexact way of tracking the angular deflection of the stick from zero ... if you 're turning at 30 degrees right and 30 degrees up , then try to smoothly shift to 25 degrees right and up , you may end up with 20 degrees right and stuck at 30 degrees up . The result of this is that you end up in ` zones ' , and have to oversteer the stick and constantly correct during intense dogfights . Your aim suffers , and your kill rate suffers ... especially if you try to reach the top ranks of dogfighters in your chosen game.I hope to try out the Saitek 3D stick soon , or perhaps a Thrustmaster . I have n't found a perfectly engineered , mid-range 3D stick yet , regardless of price -LRB- although I have n't tried them ALL -RRB- . If you just want a good stick at a good price , but not a ` perfect ' flying stick , this will definitely work for you . I like it for most games.If you have a suggestion for a ` perfect ' tracking stick , 3D , with 8 or more buttons , let me know here .
 Overall , I have been very happy with this joystick . The install was easy if you just use the plug-in-play built into XP . You do not even need the software to run the joystick since XP automatically detects and installs it . While I have used it , I have been very happy
 A joystick should let you play your games without thinking about the hardware . The Precision 2 does just that . It has all of the buttons I need to play just about every game -LRB- except flight/space sims -- for those you also need the keyboard or another device , like a MS Strategic Commander -RRB- and works right the first time . You have to run the installation CD before using the joystick , but it 's a quick process.The hardware itself is pretty durable . I 'm rough on things and my joystick works as well as it did when I got it nine months ago . The twist-rudder feature is nice if you do n't want to spring for rudder pedals.My only complaints about the joystick are that it tends to slide around on just about every surface -LRB- the base is large , but lightweight -RRB- and that the # 3 and # 4 buttons are sometimes difficult to reach in a hurry . I was trying it out with NHL 2002 because my Gravis gamepad stinks and found myself frequently banging the # 2 button on accident.Games that work great with the Precision 2
 First all I got was `` joystick not installed '' ... I called my computer manufacturer . No dice ... check Microsoft . Microsoft says not supported for winxp . Sheez ... great joystick , hardly used at all . So I searched the internet and found that if you install the joystick with the USB port connector it should work . I found the old usb connector , that I never used before , in my pile of computer cables , and viola ... it installed perectly and with no more trouble at all.NOW HOW COME MICROSOFT didnt simply SAY THAT ! ! ! That 's the BS with sucha great company !! ! Maybe someone at Microsoft will read this ???
 Item was delivered in good time , and for a used product , looked and worked just fine .
 I have had this joystick for a long time , at least 5 years , and it 's still working just fine . I 've never had the problems described by other users . Recently I purchased a new motherboard and I had to reformat my hard drive , and install a fresh copy of Windows XP SP2 . I dug out the joystick which was in my closet -LRB- I had n't used it in a while -RRB- to play Battlefield 2 , and when I plugged it in , Windows XP instantly recognized it as the Sidewinder Precision 2 , and installed successfully . I think the users complaining that XP does not recognize it are still running on Service Pack 1 .
 I 've had at least two of these kinds , and suffered the same problems , and unfortunately , tossed the second one due to me buying a `` newer '' one . Unfortunately , I 've had much better control with the Precision 2 than with a Saitek . Personally if you are the person that can use the keyboard -LRB- even during simulated combat -RRB- then I 'd recommend this stick . I 've had to constantly try and get the right calibrations , knowing it 's not right with the Saitek . And with the Precision 2 , it 's worked and that 's it .
 Okay , so I see that there are several people writing comments/reviews about Microsoft not supporting their joysticks . This is not true -LRB- as far as anything not too ancient , ie
 For a basic joystick with all the options , that work , this one is for you .
 I have yet to find a joystick that is close to this one . It 's a simple but great design and has never failed me after years of brutal service . Works fine on XP , no downloads or CDs needed , just plug and play .
 The year was 1999 . I was 11 . My dad had recently closed a $ 50,000 business deal so he bought me this joystick along with a golden copy of Majora 's Mask just for the hell of it . My Zelda cart is long gone , but this dumb device simply refuses to part ways with me.I 've beaten the crap out of this thing -- spilled numerous foods and drinks on it over the years ; it 's been dropped and thrown at walls so many times , yet other than the 8 button requiring a bit of extra force to activate , it still works like new.About a year ago I thought I lost it for good , then just last week found at my brother 's house buried in his closet . Dusted it off and plugged it in , and was less surprised surprised that it was still working than I was realizing that I 'm stuck with it for life . Mind you , this was a modern PC running Windows 7 x64 , yet it was instantly recognized and ready to use within seconds . How many USB devices from the 90s do you know of that have working 64-bit drivers ? Windows 98 SE was the dominant OS when I got this thing , for cryin ' out loud , yet it 's worked for me in Win2K , ME , XP , and Vista . Very impressive.All-in-all , there 's nothing to hate about this fine joystick . I mainly use a 360 controller now for non-FPS gaming , but I still use the Sidewinder when I feel like getting my Flight Simulator X on . I 've owned it for literally more than half my life now , and if we 're not jacking into the Matrix to play games by 2023 , I will still be using it . Best $ 30 someone 's ever spent on me .
 The basis of Microsoft 's last generation of SideWinder joysticks , the Precision 2 design was a further refinement of the previous Precision Pro . Compared to the Precision Pro , the Precision 2 dropped the Pro 's shift button , replaced the throttle wheel with a more traditional lever , and rearranged the face buttons on the stick in to a symmetric design . The Precision 2 also dropped all gameport compatibility by only shipping in a USB version , and was slightly smaller and lighter than the Pro . The Precision 2 has a metal base so a static mat is recommended to remove any static build up problems .
 Just got hold of a second hand Precision Pro 2 , and tried to install the sidewinder software ... guess what it does n't load on XP.All you need to do is plug the jostick in and it works just fine with no drivers . You ca n't use the sidewinder software , but you do n't need it . My advice just Plug 'n' Play no worries : o -RRB- I mainly use this joystick with Microsoft 's Flight Sim and it 's fantastic , very smooth .
 well , I see everyone saying something about this great joystick . I got this joystick couple of months ago in need of a newer USB joystick . I see there 's not a one fault with this joystick because I use this almost everyday for over two hours -LRB- and really rough -RRB- . One problem had was the installation . It 's supposed to recognize the joystick after installing the software , well , it did n't . I forgot but somehow I managed to hook it up and now works perfectly fine . If you 're looking for a joystick and if you 're really do n't need a forcefeedback , get this joystickOne last thing , I have a question
 I had this joystick as a kid , and boy did we rip the heck out of it . It took years of childish slamming with ease , due to it 's analog design . With today 's digital laser joysticks , most will not last more then a year with general use . As an adult I now am very happy I could find this old joystick , and I use it all the time . It brings me back to the good ol days .
 I have had this joystick for 11 years now and it 's been amazing ! I recently got into a new WW2 MMO flight Sim and decided I would see what is on the market to replace my sidewinder.After reading alot of reviews on mid to high range joysticks I decided I am going to stick with what I have for now until it is unusable.After 11 years of use the # 7 & # 8 buttons do not work all the time . There is also some slight slop in the spring but it is predictable and not as much of an issue.I wish Microsoft still made joysticks , I would gladly buy from them again if they did !
 Every button works and I received it earlier than expected . Happy with it . It was the best joystick of its time and I am glad I now can play those games .
 these are the only joysticks that use a ccd instead of pointimeters to register movement . they are dead on accurate and truly sweet joysticks . i dont know why microsoft does not make them anymore but if you can grab a used one in good condition -LRB- like i did , -RRB- go 4 it .
 I have some Microsoft flight simulators but my old joystick quit working properly . I like the Sidewinder joystick and could n't find it in the stores as easily as before . I found this one and ordered it . It came in the original box and worked fine . I only had to plug it in . Now I am flying my flight sim again .
 I 've had this stick for YEARS and had used it for many flight sims in the past . I tried using it last night with Wings of Fury and Windows just would not recognize it . I had read some posts about static electricity build up preventing its use so I left it on my desk overnight -LRB- it had been previously been sitting on the carpet under my desk for a couple of years -RRB- . I also updated my Windows 7 64-bit OS with Service Pack 1 and lo and behold , I plugged it in this morning and it works FLAWLESSLY !!! I was able to configure it and play Wings of Fury with my trusty Sidewinder !! So , in short :1 -RRB- Let it sit on a table for a few hours2 -RRB- -LRB- If using Win 7 64-bit -RRB- Update Win 7 with SP13 -RRB- Enjoy flight sim goodness !!!
 My parents bought a sidewinder precision pro . I played Tie Fighter -LRB- floppy disk version -RRB- and X-wing on it . Eventually we got a precision 2 . I played them on that too , and newer games like freespace 2 and x-wing alliance.Fast forward many years . Yesterday was my 21st birthday . I 'm in a panic because I 've lost my precision 2 and I want to play star wars battlefront 2 's space battles . So I go into my closet and take out my precision pro . It is sitting in front of me today , plugged into and recognized by windows 7 . I hope that the precision 2 shows up soon , and I hope they start making these ridiculously awesome joysticks once more . For now , I 'm off to take my working , 13 year old joystick for a dogfight through a 3 year old game , and perhaps newer.If you can get a precision 2 , do so . Its ` basic ' support through HID drivers is better than any ` fancy ' logitech joystick.Edit
 Fifteen years ago in game history , the Australian band Alida was an international sensation . Their debut album broke all sales records by over 200 % and overnight the band members became wealthy beyond the dreams of avarice . They decided to spend the money building an island theme park shaped like a giant , fully functional guitar . As the project neared completion , inner stresses tore the band apart and the whole thing was abandoned . Now , fifteen years later , one of the band members has gone back to the island and disappeared . His wife has asked you to go after him and bring him back . But to do so , you 'll have to solve the mystery of Alida.Rating this game was difficult for me . I had been looking forward to it for a long time and I really wanted to like it a lot . I kept looking for reasons to like it a lot . I 've heard it compared both to Rhem and to Riven , both of which I like a lot . But something in Alida did n't grab me.It 's a beautiful game , to be sure . The graphics are very well rendered , if a little dark in places . The soundtrack is appealing , although I have to say I would have liked to hear more of that `` brand new music '' the band was supposed to have invented . Gameplay was smooth and intuitive . The plot was coherent . Even the installation , which confused some PC-users , struck me as simple and straight-forward . But the process of the game itself failed to delight me the way I wanted it to , even though the mechanical puzzles featured were the kind I typically like , with elements and clues spread over a wide area . When these puzzles made sense , they were satisfying in a dim kind of way . But often there was some twist to the solution that was not immediately obvious , making a good deal of random searching necessary even when the logic behind the puzzle was clear . I find this incredibly frustrating , and it wrecked a lot of my enjoyment of the game.The game world also seemed very hollow . It was a big world without much in it and a long way to go between puzzles . I do n't mind unpopulated game worlds as a rule , but something about this one really bothered me . It 's just , for such a big place , there was n't a whole lot to see or do . I think the game could have benefitted by a few more in-game movies , more journals , more insight into the people who had allegedly built this place . You got to know two of the characters a little , but the remaining three were an enigma.Also , I had a problem with the fact that even when you solved all the puzzles , the giant guitar WAS NOT IN TUNE . Please !!! If it was some weird alternate tuning , you should have made that clear!A lot of thought went into this game , which was pretty much designed by one person . Putting together puzzles of this sort-well , you can see the effort and tell it was a labour of love . I kept wanting to realy , really like it , but I just did n't so much.Alida took me about 20 hours to play , and I got quite a bit of help , which is unusual for me . There are no timed puzzles , you ca n't die , and saves are unlimited . The five-disc game installs completely to your hard drive and no disc is necessary for the game to run . From the ending , I believe there will be a sequel . I 'll certainly play it , but I may not leap on it as soon as it 's released .
 If you liked Rhem , with its acres of lovingly rendered enigmatic machines set in gorgeous scenery and no people around to fool with , Alida will most likely set your heart aquiver . If , however , you preferred Myst , with the same baffling machines and gorgeous scenery but with an essentially human mystery at the center , Alida might strike you the way it did me
 First off , let me describe the kinds of adventure games that I like , so you 'll know how far to trust my review . I prefer first-person over third-person , and I like mechanical puzzles that involve figuring out machinery and that follow some sort of logic . I do not like inventory puzzles , nor do I care for puzzles that take too long to finish -LRB- i.e. , once you 've figured it out , it should be easy enough to do ; that 's not to say that I do n't like puzzles that stump me for days before I figure them out -RRB- . Now , having said that , I can say that Alida is exactly the type of game that I like . It is first-person , there is very little character interaction -LRB- `` lonely world '' experience , which I like -RRB- and there is no inventory . Nearly all of the puzzles involve figuring out machinery and operating the devices on the island.Story
 I just finished the game minutes ago , and I have to admit that this game is tough . Very tough . Thank God for alidagame.com , which provides well-worded hints but still makes you figure things out by yourself . I had to take a few of these hints , but I never needed a solution spoon fed to me.Okay , setting -LRB- it 's a weird but strangely believable one -RRB-
 Having gone through all of the Myst series , I was looking for a game that was similar to Myst . Alida has much of the look and feel of the earlier Myst series like Riven . I enjoy working hard puzzles , and Alida certainly has some very difficult puzzles.The environment was complete with good sounds , some music , and excellent graphic rendering . The graphic rendering is not a real time 3d rendering , walk anywhere , do anything but is done in the slide show style.There is a story line to Alida that explains why Alida exists and reveals the various protagonists . There is some limited interaction with people but they certainly make up the minority of the game play . For the most part , you are on your own to explore , discover , and figure out the mystery of Alida . I did get stuck a couple of times and resorted to some on line walkthroughs . One of the walkthroughs missed the logic point behind the solution and simply told you what to do ... found another one that pointed me at the proper logical approach . All of the puzzle solutions were solvable in the end through proper use of clues . None needed to be done by trial an error.Overall - I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the Myst type games , wants to get away from people for awhile , be in a beautiful virtual environment , and enjoys a good challenge .
 This one took me a while , and humbly I admit , it would 've taken a lot longer without help from hints/walkthroughs . The puzzles do n't always appear logical , and many require a lot of running around and trial and error . I just finished it , and was pleased with the storyline and ending -LRB- s -RRB- . This one required more observation and note taking than I 've ever done , and even then at times I had no idea what to do with all the info I 'd gathered ! This is the most difficult game I 've played so far . I had plenty of frustrating moments since many of the solved puzzles never gave indication that it was solved , I only had to move on to the next , and the next , etc. to finally get some kind of pay off down the line -LRB- or go back and try to figure out where I went wrong -RRB- . But that 's what kind of game I like - challenging and beautiful graphically .
 I really liked as much as the Original Myst ! The place is so real and beautiful . The story is amazing and you will have fun with the puzzles , they are not difficult , but you need to find them out and finish all of them to see the end . And you will have a choice of ends . Really cool . You will have a lot to do . A lot to see . A lot to think . That 's what I like when playing a game . I do n't like fighting or knowing my life is in risk if I do n't do something in time . I do n't play games to be agitated . I love the challenge , though . And the sensation of fear around but not real . You will enjoy the scenario . It 's a big game . Takes space on your PC . You like Myst , you will like Alida . A lot .
 I love to explore and solve mechanical puzzels . Alida offered most everything I could want . I liked riven much more , however at a time when myst has been brought to a close and shoot/kill/drive games are at an all time its great to find some more myst like adventure where I can learn about a strange nwew world and discover keys to unlocking mechanical things . The sound was very well done . I choose 4 stars for the game , but just because this was made by one person -LRB- a stick in the game houses eyes -RRB- I give it a five ! I hope the see another game released .
 For me this game has been difficult . Difficulty feels so good when you solve the game . Really like this one . It has a little bit of everything in it . Guess who-guess what and how .
 This game is so awesome ! I ca n't stop playing it . I have nothing bad to say about it . Graphics , control , difficulty , fun , sound , no complaints ! It 's also a lot of fun to replay over & over again . I rented it , but I will buy a copy in the near future . If you loved the movie like I did , get this game !
 If you love Batman you will love to be him . This game is really easy to understand the controls , some games loose point just because you can not figure out how to get them to go anything . This is a game that I was n't thinking would be great , but we rented it first , and now we are waiting for it to ship!PLUS - Once your order ships , a promotional code that can be redeemed for a free ticket -- valued at up to $ 12 . SO now we can go see the movie again . THis time a Buy one get one kinda thing !!
 Another thing picked up for my Daughter ... she has n't complained about it so the disk must have been in working condition and the game entertaining enough .
 If you love Batman , you will enjoy this game . You already get the drift of the story line . There is n't much exploring to figure things out , however , the usage of the original cast and the solid storyline makes it a good buy . I 'm a huge Batman fan , so all things Batman usually tickle my fancy . Enjoy !
 The 2005 movie `` Batman Begins '' reestablished the Dark Knight as a reborn movie star after the Joel Schumacher doggy excrement of 1997 's `` Batman and Robin . '' The video game of the same name , developed by Eurocom and published by Electronic Arts , makes a mark too in my eyes as the first `` good '' Batman video game . We all know that the `` Arkham Asylum '' games of the seventh-gen are runaway successes , but for a sixth-gen game , Batman Begins is very good in its own right . It 's a shame people thought it was just a typical awful movie tie-in game and avoided it like the plague . It really is so much more.What makes Batman Begins the first `` good '' Batman game is the fact that you really do feel like Batman . Most of your enemies have guns , so you must use stealth to eliminate them . You can crouch-walk without being heard , peek around corners and over obstacles , use a snake camera to see under doors , and perform stealth takedowns from behind or above an enemy . The `` FEAR '' mechanic allows you to launch surprise attacks using the environment , which will cause enemies to drop their guns and able to be safely engaged in melee combat . Speaking of which , it 's a hell of a good time . You can mix up punches , kicks , and gadgets to really bring the hurt on . On the hardest difficulty setting , the enemies are really tough . They block a lot more , attack in large groups , and can kill you very quickly . For this , you have numerous block , dodge , and counter manuevers to avoid damage while you chip away at their health . The melee combat is easily the best part of the game , especially when enemies ' fear levels are so high and their health is low enough that it opens them up for wicked finishing moves.Another fun part is the Batmobile levels , although there 's only two of them in the entire game . Basically , you get to zoom through the city destroying enemy cars , avoiding helicopters , reaching certain locations in under a certain time , and even destroying a massive tanker truck using your missiles . It 's too bad that those levels are extremely linear , with `` barricades '' across roads that have blinking arrows pointing you in the direction you have to go . For the most part , you ca n't take any shortcuts and must stay on the main road for practically the entire time . Also , you ca n't use your missiles to take out enemy cars ; you have to physically ram them off the road , which if not done right decreases the health of the Batmobile.That linearity and restriction is unfortunetly a major part of the entire game and detracts from the experience . Whereas other games allowed you to take out bad guys in whatever order you saw fit or use alternate paths to reach your objective , Batman Begins has no such luxury . You are forced to leave certain guys untouched and only take out the ones that block your linear path . You ca n't use your gadgets for surprise attacks before you fight them ; you have to first engage them and get their fear level high enough . Also , the game does n't really allow you to screw up or get lost , with markers on your map showing you where to go and what to destroy to advance . It 's obvious this game was designed to attract the audience that loved the movie , most of whom are n't the most proficient at video games.However , the overall presentation is incredible . The graphics are absolutely gorgeous , from the environments to the characters and animations . I especially love the messy , grainy effects that occur when the thugs hallucinate and see you as a monster . A special bonus is that all the main cast members voice their characters excellently in the game , lending a special authenticity that most movie-based games ca n't achieve . The sound is immersive as well , with the fantastic score from the movie being used to great effect and the sound effects highlighting every explosion , environmental noise , and melee hit . The enemies even have some weird and funny conversations as you sneak up on them unseen.Arkham Asylum may have been the game to skyrocket Batman 's video game career , but Batman Begins in my opinion was the first good Batman game ever created . It really gives you the feeling of actually being Batman , scaring thugs , sneaking in the shadows , and using your signature gadgets to navigate the environments . The extreme linearity and lack of freedom may get on people 's nerves , but what else did you expect from a movie-based game ? That being said , it 's good enough that it can solidly hold its own against the movie rather than being a cheap tack-on .
 This game might not be at par with the quality of Batman Arkham Asylum . But for a last Gen standards its really a fun game . If you 're a big batman fan and an action/adventure enthusiast then this would be a great addition to your Batman video game collection .
 This game was one of the easiest I have ever owned , but it was still one of the most fun games I have ever played . The controls were a no-brainer to figure out and it was just about impossible to screw this game up . It does n't allow you to go anywhere or do anything that is n't required to finish the game . If you are looking for strategy , this game is n't for you . if you have seen the movie and you love Batman , then you will love it .
 The game 's story follows the film almost exactly . You take the role of Bruce Wayne , whose motivation for crime-fighting stems from witnessing his parents ' brutal murder in Gotham City . In Batman Begins , this passion takes darker overtones , and Batman must constantly balance his internal rage with his sense of justice . The game starts off in the Himalayas , where you learn the dark arts of being a ninja from a mysterious sect . Your mentor is a man named Ducard , voiced brilliantly in the game by Liam Neeson . As you reach the end of your training under Ducard and his odd band of ninjas , you 're confronted with a moral dilemma . It 's there that young Bruce Wayne decides that even his brand of angry vengeance has its limits , and he wo n't join in the sect 's vision of bloodlust as justice against crime . From there the game 's story shifts to Gotham City , where you uncover the mystery behind the trafficking of a mysterious hallucinogen.Batman Begins makes for a decent companion to the film . After you spend about seven or eight hours to beat the game , you unlock numerous bonus items , such as interviews with the movie cast , galleries , and more . But as a game it does n't quite measure up . Though it borrows numerous conventions from other great action adventure franchises , the elements do n't end up coming together very well , resulting in a game that feels less than the sum of its parts .
 this is honestly THE best Batman game i have ever played . i am a huge batfan and loved this game , i have beaten it 4 times already , its freaking FUN to play in different `` batsuits '' i personally like the `` worlds greatest detective '' suit . And the `` splinter-cell * ism * '' of it is GREAT!Anyway ALL the cut scenes are GREAT -LRB- especially cause they are In-game -RRB- and the controls are great . The camera and sound are good to.The batmobile is SWEET but has bad armor , so dont hit any walls.If you like Batman , BUY IT . if you dont like batman , BUY IT .
 To make this very easy , this is the best BATMAN game to date . But dont take my word for it rent it and thenyou 'll soon own it .
 THIS IS A GREAT GAME TO PLAY IF YOUR A BATMAN FAN . THE GRAPHICSOWN ! AND THE GAME PLAY IS KOOL ! YOU CAN BE JUST LIKE BATMAN IN THIS GAME . YOU CAN SCARE YOUR ENEIMIES , USE YOUR SWEET GADGETSSUCH AS FLASHBANG GERNADES , SMOKE GERNADES , AND THOSE SWEET NINJA STARS . THE COMBOS AND ATTACKS ARE AWSOME.YOU CAN UNLOCK A BUNCH OF STUFF LIKE BATMANS ORIGINAL COSTUMES , ANY WAYS IF YOU WANT A KOOL GAME BUY THIS !!!!!!!
 THIS GAME IS BASED ON THE MOVIE I MEAN IT JUST PLAYS THROUGH IT BEFORE THE LEVEL IT SHOWS YOU A VIDO OF THE MOVIE THAN YOU PLAY OUT THE SCENEI IS KINDA CHANLENGING BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO FIND A WAY TO DISTRACT THE THUGS SO THEY FERE YOU AND DROP THEIR WEPONS
 I 've just finished the game and i have to say this is really great!It really fits in well with the film , using the same actors voices and the characters look very similiar to their real-life counterparts.As well as Batman , you get to play as Bruce Wayne in training before he becomes batman and also as Bruce in a tuxedo in a level which has the Wayne Manor in flames . Very cool.The driving bits are great fun as well , very Burnout , with extra racing modes being unlocked after you beaten those levels.The main gameplay consists of a mixture of combat and stealth . If Batman comes accross a group of heavily armed enemies , he will end up dyingh if he tries to tackle them directly . you need to use stealth to sneak up on them or even beter use your fear-gadgets or a batarang on your surroundings -LRB- e.g throw your batarang at a gas-pipe to burst it -RRB- , to scare them a bit beforehand , making defeating the enemies easier.The game is n't too difficult -LRB- though the combat seems to be a lot tougher in Challenging mode -RRB- and took me about 9 or 10 hours to beat in Normal mode.The graphics are simply amazing . The levels graphics are some of the best i 've seen on a XBox game and the Batman charcater looks very cool in his bausuit and cape.The game could have had a bit less linear with more ways of solving the situations that you come accross but at least it means you never get stuck for too long.The controls are pretty straight forward , with 2 butons for combat -LRB- punch & kick -RRB- as well as another button for soing special finishing moves and other buttons for batarang and fear gadgets .
 This review will be brief , the more time spent reading this , means less time playing the game . As most of us read these reviews to see what others are saying about items we are interested in , before we shell out our hard earned $ . First as a movie based game this one is superb . Graphics , voice acting , and character likeness are all top notch . The levels range in length and difficulty . The games greatest weakness is its overall gameplay . You cant really control Batman the way you would like to . His weapons , enemy targeting and stealth ability are confusing at times . At least on the X-Box version . The control set up is akward and really takes away from what could have been a great game . These are minor complaints and for a movie tie in game with a price under 40.00 , you could do a lot worse . Overall this Batman is leaps and bounds superor to other Batman titles of the past , and should satisfy the fans until developers finally get it right .
 If you loved the movie , you 'll love the game . Of course , there 's a little bit more events in the game , but they are well worth it . Being able to sneak up on your enemies and basically scare the s *** out of them in the immediate area is loads of fun . I especially liked dropping in from above and taking them out . The interrogations are pretty fun too . Bringing the cast of Batman Begins in to do the voice work -LRB- except for Morgan Freeman -RRB- and using movie clips as some cut scenes is a treat too . So go out and get this game ... at least rent it !
 After reading a lot reviews on this game I decided to pick this one up . Now I 'm glad I got it . This game keeps your attention the whole time . It is a LOT of fun to play with good graphics , great story line , and I could go on and on . The only negative is the camera angle does n't want to follow you sometimes when needing to move . Overall I say this a game to buy for a video game player for the holidays or just because .
 Very fun to play with lots of items to use . love the reputation spin on the game . A little clumsy on your view as you move around but easy to over come .
 Batman Begins is a great game usind stealth ninja like abilities . The batmobile levels are fun too . The graphics in this game really bring it to life with amazing facial expressions . The only reason I did n't give this great game 5 stars is because I think they hould have tried to make more gadgets and more ways to get around obstacles . Another great thing about the game is that once you beat it you get the Dark Knight batsuit the Worlds Greatest Detective batsuit and The Caped Crusader batsuit . You also can drive the prototypr batmobile in the two driving levels . I HIGHLY reccomend playing this game on the challenging mode if you do n't you can quickly beat the game in around 6 or 7 hours . Overall I fell that the 40 dollar price on this game is perfectly fair . - Max
 This game kept my interest for a considerable amount of time considering how short it was . That was one of my few complaints about this game is that it is really short , I basically beat it i twice in about six days . This is really not a game that you should buy because it is so short , I rented it . The graphics for this game are extremely impressive , the game does a very good job of going from an in game cutcene right to the game without any pauses . Batman Begins is mainly a stealth game , where you have to create diversions or scenarios that scare your enemies . When your enemies are scared enough that is the right moment for batman to attack . The more scared your enemies are the worse they fight . The combat system is really easy to figure out and is kinda cool , I would have prefered some different moves cause it does kind of get repetetive . The mission in the Arkham asylum is by far the best , it is a very dark and morbid level . This is a definant must rent game , but I would n't buy it .
 This has to be one of the best games I 've owned . The plot is captivating . The action was fast and furious . Weapon selection was by far the best yet that this line has had to offer . All the other perks as well -LRB- map editor , terrorist hunt on numerous maps , etc. -RRB- were a treat and will have you playing for days . But not all games are perfect and this one is no exception . The game itself is not hard to learn , especially if you have been playing since Rainbow 6 , but if you want to explore the game , meaning use the editor , it leaves a lot to be desired . No instruction or even help files . It leaves you out in the cold that way . And still the problem with not being able to play fluently on-line . The server setup is very nice though . Very self-explanatory there . But the load times and speed issue comes into play when your playing . Especially after killing a terrorist and watching him float in mid air . The incredible floating tango . A problem that dates back to the original Rainbow 6 . A lot has changed since then too . Better textures , better sounds , better animation all the way around . If you do n't plan on playing on-line or can deal with a little lag , this is a must have on your gaming shelf . You 'll be happy you spent the money -LRB- which is not that expensive . Another nice feature of the game -RRB- .
 The four new locations / levels included in this mission pack are great , fun , and have excellent and beautiful textures . The gameplay in them is great , and I especially like the bombed out city level . The pack also adds four of the classic Rainbow Six levels -LRB- some of my favorites -RRB- for you to play with the improved graphics and AI . My favorite thing about this expansion pack is that it finally fixes the flawed AI . Be prepared to finally face a challenge killing off deadly enemy soldiers and cunning snipers . The new multiplay maps included are also great . I only wish that there were a patch for Rouge Spear that adds the new AI code . Finally , the improved MOD support is great ! You can use multiple mods at the same time , disable default weapons and kits , and use mods online WITHOUT changing any default files . A must have for anyone who has Rainbow Six
 First off all let me say that i am a huge fan of the Rainbow Six series . Therefore my opinion is slightly biased . This game is an add on to a very cool game -LRB- Rogue Spear -RRB- . You must have RS to play it . It adds 2 things seriously lacking ; a silenced rifle and 3 machine guns . I really enjoyed it even though it was kind of easy to beat . I 've played Rainbow since the begining and I can tell you the classic missions were redone very well . If you like Rougue Spear get this . It is for die hard fans only though .
 Having spent a LONG while awaiting urban operations to come to the UK ,5 months and we 're STILL waiting !!!!! , a great number of UK retail stores have or did advertise the release as the 1st of september however after contacting RSE Ltd I was to learn that no one there has any information on when or IF urban op 's will be released in the UK ! , I 've considered ordering a copy from the states but with shipping and inport duty the game in efect will double in price , but with no UK release in sight it 's starting to look like the only option `` ok , thats all for now ''
 My first encounter with Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six series was the Rogue Spear demo . It was , at the time , the best game I 'd ever played , and I found myself playing and replaying the demo mission -- rescuing hostages in the museum of art -- again and again till I knew where every terrorist , civilian and doorway was and could get them out with my eyes closed . In fact , I think I did a couple of times :-RRB- . A couple of months later I decided to finally get myself the full game . I got the Platinum Pack edition , with the Urban Operations expansion pack included . I did n't know much about it at the time , but it turned out to be a great surprise . It comes with ten missions . Five are all new , and a bit tougher than the standard Rogue Spear ones . The other five are Classic missions from the original Rainbow Six , and are maybe a bit easier . There are also a few new weapons and some other little improvements.The biggest and most exciting thing about Urban Ops , though , -LRB- or UO as I have come to call it -RRB- , is the new Mod system . It gives you a convenient way to install modifications made by fellow players , available for free download on the Internet . Some of these mods are of professional quality and will have you playing the game for years.While UO is a fantastic single-player game , it really stands out in multiplayer -- which is why it 's still so popular online , even with new games with much better graphics coming out by the dozen.In short , this expansion is easily worth the -LSB- money -RSB- it costs . I mean , would you rather go out and watch a couple of movies or buy something that 'll keep you awake till 1 AM every day for the next three years ?
 This game is definitely a great upgrade from Rogue Spear , there 's no arguing that . I mean , this game is very realistic down to the enemies panicking and running away , like real ones might . Then why 4 stars ? Because if only I could figure out those callsigns . Even with the guide book I got , I still am clueless and there by resort to completing the missions with one man and no set floor plan . If they had made it simpler , then maybe there would be 5 stars in its future.But , I 'm not going to waste this time complaining . Besides thatm this game has realistic gun fire , muzzle flashes , enemy reactions , rate-of-fire of every gun , accuracy of each one and my god the list goes on ... . This game is very much worth the money and should be bought by any die hard FPS player .
 When Urban Ops first came out , like every other Rainbow 6 , release I jumped all over it ... and I was not dissapointed . The game play is so much better than the original Rainbow 6 , and with the new maps and options its a few steps above Rogue Spear ... which was n't any easy task . And after buying Covert Ops , I 'm still playing Urban Ops online , on my network , and just for fun . The AI is great , and the custom missions allow for a lot of flexability . Another Homerun for RedStorm , and Tom Clancy .
 Urban Operations is an excellent mission pack . The new weapons are awesome and useful , and the levels are fun and exciting . The new features are a great addition and add many hours of adventure . The classic levels that are redone are also very fun with the new weapons . You will enjoy this mission pack if you liked Rogue Spear .
 As Tony the Tiger would say , `` Its Grrrrrrrrreat ! '' I was glad to say the game packaged so well allowing Rogue Spear play from its interface . The custom mission option available allows for some creativity to brew . As an added bonus ... the fine people of Redstorm decided to throw in some classic Rainbow Six missions . I was pleased to see this because I am new to the Rainbow Six series . Rouge Spear as the first of the Raibow Six series games that I played . Playing the classic missions has inspired me to buy the original as well as Eagle Watch .
 As Tony the Tiger would say , `` Its Grrrrrrrrreat ! '' I was glad to say the game packaged so well allowing Rogue Spear play from its interface . The custom mission option available allows for some creativity to brew . As an added bonus ... the fine people of Redstorm decided to through in some classic Rainbow Six missions . I was pleased to see this because I am new to the Rainbow Six series . Rouge Spear as the first of the Raibow Six series games that I played . Playing the classic missions has inspired me to buy the original as well as Eagle Watch .
 Fast delivery and the gome is in great shape . You ca n't bet the price . i plane on buying all the old rainbow 6 games they are all great . Thank You
 I love the mod support for this game . I far surpasses the original . now multiple mod 's can be used instead of the pesky 1 dominant and the other small mod 's that had to be installed manually . i 'm real impressed
 This is really a good add-on if you have already played Rouge Spear many times . Even if it adds some missions -LRB- I love the subway station one ! -RRB- and new weapons it is still the same game as Rouge . So if you have still to finish the missions in the basic game or you simply enjoy playing online , then stick with the basic and do n't bother buying this title.The major shorfall is in the number of missions -LRB- 5 completely new plus 5 missions from the classic Rainbow Six -RRB- . The point is that I believe an add on should give you more in order to be a very good deal . Anyway , the pack also includes a few new maps that you can use either in multiplayer or in solo games while playing in the `` lone wolf '' , `` terr . hunt '' etc mode . These are good , but again they do n't really add a lot to the gaming experience.The new WEAPONS that are added are nice to fire but not really useful in the scenarios themselves . You can have much more from this point of view by downloading the NATO mods from the net.My suggestion ? If you are a R6 hard core fan -LRB- like I am -RRB- and you ca n't wait for new missions and maps , then buy it instantly ! If you are not really that interested in the game than keep playing Rouge Spear for a little more , and then if the interest in this title arises again , then go ahead and buy it .
 This game is the best of the best . Redstorm did a very good job with this mission pack . This game requires you to have Rogue Spear . This game features 5 brand new urban levels including the streets of Istanbul , the London underground , the canals of Venice , the back alleys of Mexico City , and a hotel/crashed bus in Hong Kong . It also has 8 new multiplayer spaces , 4 new weapons including a silenced sniper rifle , a mission creator , and 5 redone levels from the original Rainbow Six . These levels are the Hacienda , the bio lab , the mansion , the skyscraper , and the amazon level .
 Most people think expansion packs ar really a rip off . For the most part , it 's true , and almost sad . But this expansion pack is more like a 1 player game . It does n't add any insane new weapons that the world will see a minimum of 90 years from now . The game adds many new levels , and even lets you play some of the levels from the origional Rainbow Six . The new missions are extreme and are hard . Each mission needs careful planning and excecution . Unlike the Rogue Spear , the missions now have pedestrians walking around -LRB- which get pesky when your far in a mission and you accidently nail one down , failing the mission -RRB- . Each mission is set in a city area . The new weapons are very practicle ones , and their not very odd for a Rainbow force to have . One nifty little weapon I seemed to enlighten this game in the sniping area is the silenced sniper rifle . I also noticed some performance issues are fixed . Players can now actually play with the graphics resolution all the way up . If you 're planing to buy a game any time soon , make this your choice .
 The add on pack for Rainbow Six Rogue Spear is a good deal at this price . You get 5 new levels for Urban Operations as you get 5 levels from the original Rainbow Six . There are 4 new weapons in the game as well . The locations for Urban Operations include Italy , London , Instabul , Mexico , and Hong Kong . There are also new multilevel gameplay as well such as ` defend ' . The new level missions are challenging , with more terrorists to kill . This is a great add on pack if you want to add more good stuff to an already good game .
 I purchased this game at another store that received the game early . It is a knockout . Red Storm continues the great work . Lag is much-improved , the bullet casings that come out of the guns add much realism , and the new guns and maps are superb . I look forward to the third installment in the Rainbow Series .
 Urban operations is a excellent game . You will get 10 levels -LRB- 5 new and 5 old -RRB- . If you get this game you will also recive a costom mission selection in the main menu . this is extremely helpful . the best part of this game is under options and it 's called mods . Mods or modifacations allow you to place new guns , new levels , or new anything to an all ready great game .
 You have to try this game , out , for all of you that have rogue spear this is the greatest edition . Tons of new maps , 4 new guns , and new suits -LRB- like the green bio-hazard uniform -RRB- . This game is better -LRB- and harder -RRB- than ever . Taking place in London , Venice , Turkey , and Hong Kong , are only a few places the new maps are located in , mean while you must operate , in densely poplulated areas , with innocent bystanders . I was WOWED when i first played it . Oh , by the way , for all you programmers out there , the game does come back with a RSE -LRB- Rogue Spear Editor -RRB- but changed the name to UOE -LRB- Urban Operations Editor -RRB- of course , where you can edit levels , guns , and even soldiers and terrorists . Definitly worth the money if you already have `` Rogue Spear ''
 Redstorm Entertainment has done it again ! Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six Rouge Spear Mission Pack
 In Urban Operations , a Rogue Spear type gameplay style , which I think is the most addictive out of all expansion packs , packs the most value out of every PC shooter I 've played . The Urban Operations ' mission level in the Subway -LRB- do n't ride it ; just the station -RRB- in London is definitely a thrill to experience , because you can either take the escalator or the back stairway , and kill terrorists the way you want . I love the Instabul level , rain and thunder , with a small canal running through , with terrorists hiding in the underground docks.What is there not to like about this game ? Well , when you beat the addictive 5 missions , you can go to the new Custom Mission and set the terrorist level to 50 max , which is non-stop action when you order frags to ambush about 10 terrorists . This game also gives you `` Underwater Habitat '' to destroy 50 terrorists , with the wildlife in the deep bottom sea , in the submarine ! Sounds like it too!Not to mention , you also have 3 new weapons -- two of which are machine guns and a sniper rifle -- I highly recommend that rifle above all others -- precise accuracy and it is silent.Like I said , more action = more fun . If you think Rogue Spear is addictive , wait until Urban Operations ; you 'll playing this game forever ! I play it all the time so get this game now !
 This is like Roguespear II ... It has some really good levels , I dont even know where to begin on this . This is the add on to get for rogue spear . Just Trust me , if you liked rogue spear , you will love this one . Its a good game , and you will love the mod compatibiblty .
 I was very pleased that Urban Ops is a very entertaining expansion . It 's strength is the flexible single player . The new missions are cool and challenging . The addition of a silenced sniper rifle is welcome , I had many problems with sniper rifles that are too loud to be effective in some situations . In the new campaign the tangos are dressed in plain cloths , making them harder to tell from innocent common folk . On more than one occasion I was caught off guard when that peaceful man on the corner turned around with a AK-47 ! Also that the maps are populated with people other than your teams and the tangos is a nice touch . The custom mission option is fun for some quick action and the old R6 missions are nice to see again with graphics.The only thing negative I have to say is that the game is really a just rehash of Rogue Spear and Rainbow Six . This might seem obvious but simply that a few new light machine guns ca n't help the overly `` been there , done that '' feeling of many of the maps .
 Decent product , more than you would expect -LSB- ... -RSB- , mediocre quality but does the job and did i mention it 's only -LSB- ... -RSB- and u get a psp case , car charger , 5 umd cases , cleaning cloth , emergency charger , retractable usb power cable , earbuds , screen magnifier , leather strap , and 2 stickers to `` dress up '' the front of the psp -LRB- if ur counting that 's 15 -RRB- . Just like anyone else I would love 15 sony oem accessories for 11 bucks but who would n't , either way if you are going to complain about it just remember the price for all you receved . Being an adult who is fairly meticulous about the care and condition of my electronics it is an awesome buy for me but even if it is for a child replacing the whole thing every so often is still cheaper than just buying some cases without all the extras in this product .
 Ok first off for the price this is great , but half of the products are fairly useless , the 2 stickers , threw them in the trash , the magnifier kind of crappy , the wiping cloth about the size of your 2 thumbs . The only reason I got the set was for the case and the earbuds and the charger . Probably could throw the rest away .
 I bought this accessory kit as a gift to my nephew to keep his PSP 3000 . He loves it and uses every single accessory in the kit . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who has a PSP it is very handy and convenient a good product my money well spent .
 This is a very good and usefull accessories for the play station portable . It protect the console by the shock , and bad use by the childrens .
 Can I put 6 stars ? This case is awesome . You can play your PSP in the case and it has storage for 4 memory cards in the top and an extra UMD disc under the PSP . It has a nice padding of rubber and a little window on the front to see what song you are listening to . It has ports for headphones and to charge it so you dont have to take it out.Great Product Very Happy With It !
 I 've searched around for good cases for my PSP Slim , without much luck because most cases are designed for the original PSP , so a Slim would actually move around in the case , which is no good.Good news is this case does hold a slim , and it holds it down . No need to worry about it moving around . The places inside that hold the memory sticks and a UMD work perfectly.Alas , the only issue with a slim is the rubber port on the bottom that 's supposed to open up so a headphone jack can be plugged in does not work with a slim . The port with the AC plug does , but a slim owner will only be able to charge the PSP while it 's in the case , no listening to music or anything . But since I do n't have any plans of doing anything with the PSP while it 's in the case except charging it , it 's not that big a deal personally , though other customers ' mileage may vary .
 it is a pretty good case probaly the best case for the PSP but the original not the new one you can open two flaps one for access to the headphones and another for the ac input -LRB- for the new psp model the ac input is the only one that works as the headphone are more to the right -RRB- in the middle of the case is a plastic window which you can see your psp inside on the top you can hold 4 memory cards and under your psp a umd pretty good case i like it one of the few cases i found that compltely protects your psp as most leave a lot of the psp exposed so why am i buying it anywhy ? plus great price This is the best case for the Original PSP but not so great for the new psp slim but for the style and protection you ca n't go wrong they should make a psp slim model also that would be great , still this case is one of the best out there !!
 If you 're going to buy a copy of Madden 2005 for PS2 , this is the version you should definately get . From EA : Madden NFL 2005 Collector 's Edition will be available exclusively for the PlayStation 2 computer entertainment system when the regular Madden NFL 2005 launches in August ; however , the Madden NFL 2005 Collector 's Edition will be available for a limited time only . We are producing only one run of the product , so be sure to grab it while it 's still available . Once it 's gone , it 's gone for good!Also exclusive to the Madden NFL 2005 Collector 's Edition will be bonus video content including footage of The Madden Phenomenon , The Music of Madden , and an inside look into how this legendary franchise is made each year from scratch . The Madden NFL 2005 Collector 's Edition , which will retail for $ 59.95 , features unique collectible packaging , as well as online play * compatible with the regular version of Madden NFL 2005 . We are releasing a finite number of the Collector 's Edition , so be sure to reserve your copy today.Key Additional Features for Collector 's Edition : Playable classic versions of Madden , including a version from 16-bit era and 2 PS1 versionsMadden Trivia Challenge
 This game is just plain out awesome . The collecters edition comes with some nice features like three old school madden games and videos and a trivia game . For the extra $ 10.00 it 's worth it . I also wrote a review from another good football game called ESPN 2K5 . The question everyone asks is which one 's better . Well I own both so I can help you out . Madden has a very nice graphic engine in which my opinion is the best for any football game up to date . The gameplay is a little weird at first but there 's some many options it 's very rewarding when you figure it out . There 's also a Tony Bruno radio show every week for your franchise mode but it sucks compared to ESPN 's Sportscenter . You also recieve emails which is stupid but my favorite thing would be the newspaper clippings where you can read up about other teams and your team . The clippings are actually from real life newspapers so it 's pretty cool . All the mini games are the same which is lame . The offense pretty much controls the same . In other words it 's a small transition from madden 2004 to 2005 . But 2005 is definitly better . It depends on your taste . If you do n't like spending 50 to 60 bucks on a game get ESPN for 20 otherwise if you do have the money and can afford madden I suggest you get it , especially if your a die hard madden fan like me . you wo n't be dissapointed . At first I was n't planning on getting this but I saw the collectors eddition and fell in love with it . The collectors eddition is only for a short amount of time so I suggest you get it now if you want it otherwise your going to be regreating it . If you buy ESPN instead still check out this title . It 's at least worth a rental .
 When I ordered this game I was n't quite sure what to expect . I figured it might be the game with a little twist so EA could put a collector edition title on it and charge more . Boy was I wrong , there is so much stuff it will take weeks to go through it all.I liked the game commentary . For fans of dvd commentaries this is something you might enjoy . It is basically 2 of the best players out there playing the game , while they along with several producers give you some background on how some things were done and some of the new features this year . They also point out some funny bugs that had n't been fixed on the version they were playing.There are so many more things that I have n't even got a chance to look at because the game it 's self is awesome . I have last years game and it had some great new things on offense but now this year the defensive options have caught up . Now finally you can make sure that your best cover corner is always on the other teams best WR . Another cool new touch is that the replay 's run in the background while you are choosing your next play . So it does n't interrupt your game play.By far the best Madden yet !
 It 's a shame MADDEN can not duplicate this for the ps3 ... . the only thing better on the ps3 madden 's are the graphics . The 2005 Madden is the last one that lets you create playbooks and use them in franchise mode . AND it does n't have the stupid QB vision crap . SMooth gameplay and never gets old . The only thing that sucks is that I have to go and update every single roster with the actual rosters for the 2010 season . . it does n't take that long and is well worth it ! Best Madden ever .
 EXCEPTIONAL GRAPHICS , TRIVIA CHALLENGES , TRAINING CAMP , AND EVEN 4 OLD VERSIONS OF MADDEN INCLUDED FOR OLD TIMES SAKE .
 this game rules but if u have an old playstation the playstation may not read the disc because its such a hitech disc so if u have an old ps2 i recommend the regular version besides that the game is pretty good
 this game is good but its not easy to to play.and there is only one view to use which is ground level or court level.no over the top view so this takes some getting used too.its still a good game but i recomment super tennis for the snes over this one.best tennis game as of november 2010 is smashcourt tennis 2 . i have played every tennis game to date looking for the perfect tennis game and smashcourt tennis 2 is the one.smashcourt tenns 3 sucks its really bad and is a totally different game compared to the 2nd one .
 This is such a blast to play ! You want to play for hours ! It is in 2d which I do n't care for but overall its a really fun game !
 To me this game was fun for awhile but then it started to get HARD.I know I know , That 's not a reason to quit but to me it is.But still Good Game .
 When I got this game , I expected much less than I got . This game is really good , and what makes it better is that it 's made after one of my favorite shows - SpongeBob Squarepants . All SpongeBob fans will love this game . It even has voices in it , from the original characters . They are done very well too , but they are a little loud . The graphics are good , remember this is only a 2D game , so you can only go left and right . The music seems very fitting to the scene , and this really does have some of the best themes in it . You go all over the place , from Bikini Bottom to Jellyfish fields to the center of the earth . You meet the characters along the way , and they all help you . There are many special moves or items to use , which I love about the game.The game overall is pretty easy , but it is done very well . The graphics really do depict some wonderful scenes . This is the best game I have ever played that is made after a TV show , I promise that you 'll have a lot of fun with the game . But it may not appeal to some of the more serious gamers , because it is kind of kiddish . Compared to Namco 's games , like Pacman World and such , it is not as good . But even so it is still a lot of fun , and will keep you playing for hours on end .
 Hello My name is jessica and im 18 years old i played this game when i was 10 and i still looove it so much !!!
 My son mysteriously found this game at our house and fell in love with it , when the game stopped working he was upset , so my first solution was to look on Amazon to find a new copy of it , and I was lucky enough to do so . The bad sides to it , are although it works on a playstation 2 gaming console you still need a playstation 1 memory card . The levels are easy but with somewhat of a challenge to them . My six year old actually does better at the levels then I do most of the time . And , he loves that all the characters from the show are included in the game . The graphics are n't what you expect from a playstation 1 or 2 game , but with the age of the game , it 's to be expected really . The game all in all is something I would recommend for any child five or older .
 My son is only 41/2 so I get alot of time to play this game with him .
 this game is sooo fun my cousin brought it to my house and we couldnt stop playing . i love the minniegames even though i played 1 . the bad thing is its realy hard to get through the mother jellyfish . and when you buy things you cant do anything with then . the graphics are pretty good . the game is realy long . and really hard . but i just wish they had on other systems like gamecube or gameboy advanced . buy this game and youll play it everyday you will never stop untill you win . its addicting .
 This game was really fun . Me and my friend rented it one day and played it until 11:00 p.m. . It was great for a while and we beat everything except finding the treasure cheast . We searched for hours but never found it . We got tired of looking so we just gave up . Over all , it was a great game that was not too hard to beat . I am a kind of person who likes after a while to beat the games , so this was good . LOL !! ...
 I 've read some so-so reviews of this game , but decided to buy it anyway since my kids are such huge Sponge Bob fans . They love it . Both my 12 yr old and my 19 yr old play it constantly . Yes , the graphics are poor by today 's standards . And the idea of looking for beauty products under the sea is ludicrous . But have you ever seen the show ? Absurdity is the concept in a clam shell .
 I like to play this game . It is fun to play . If you like Spongebob , you will like this game .
 this game is so cool you must buy it the graphics are cool and the levels Are hard but the best part is that you choose anyone you want
 its a gret game put the graficks are not as good . fast loading doesent take alot of space . its preaty esay but the boses are very hard . i give it a 4-5 its great .
 I LOVE this game so much . I have it and every day that i come home from school my words are SPONGEBOB!Trust me you have to get this game for the ... TIME OF YOUR LIFE !
 if you love spongebob like me , then get this game in september ! i will play till my fingers hurt !
 I 'm getting quite bored with all these new ... games . What kind of Video-Gamer wants to play games that take months to finish ? Most people are buying those kinds of games and fooling themselves thinking they 're gamers . I know some of you out there know what I mean . And its good to know that good games are still being created . SpongeBob SquarePants
 My eight year old daughter and I played it together . We actually were able to complete the game , unlike many we have tried . It is a great game for kids , as it has many short levels to complete and you feel as if you are accomplishing something . My daughter loved it and I enjoyed it as well .
 This game rules . You must collect objects and do other things like travel back in time . If you like Sponge Bob Squarepants T.V. show , you 'll love this
 Great game ! Great Title ! ... but why is it in 2-D ? Well , Playstation and GBA both have 32-Bit graphics and GBA games are usually 2-D so , why would THQ waste their time making it 3-D ! Overall , I LOVE this Game !!! If you are a SpongeBob Squarepants Fan , buy this ! You 'll absolutely LOVE IT ! The idea for it is GREAT ! I love interacting with the other characters ! I love the Mermaid Man and Barnical Boy episode and this game is based on it.Buy this game , you 'll have a BLAST !
 this game is ok for your first game . It is kinda easy axcept for the bosses.They can be challenging and frustrating at times.I thought it was pretty cool because i like spongebob.i liked the weapons like the jellyfish net and you can always karate your enemies.i didnt like that you never got to do stuff with patrick or any other people axcept for getting weapons from them.and yes i know i spelled axept wrong.i am not tring to spell corectly.THE END
 ok , this may not be the best game at first , but when you start to really play it , Spongebob 's funny charecter makes you laugh and the game becomes really fun .
 This game is a hoot ! Where else would you get to jellyfish , go on a hunt for spatulas and kill snails without PETA breathing down your neck ? I 've had it for a few days and if not for also having bought Knockout Kings 2001 , I would probably be playing it non-stop . It 's not a completely easy game -LRB- I heard myself screaming `` Oh ! Tartar Sauce ! '' more than once -RRB- It 's a lot of fun , I recommend it to kids of all ages .
 My 5 yr old loves the show Sponge Bob so I bought the game for him , but it 's not really for 5 year old -LRB- unless they are excellent game players -RRB- my son could n't get past the first screen . You have to collect spatulas , catch jelly fish & try not to get hit by yellow fish & other enemies all at the sametime . You really need to know how to use the controller before playing this game . My 5 yr old did n't like playing But I LOVE the game !!! I ended up playing and he enjoyed watching sponge bob meet barnacle man . I hate games that you need a book & Internet to figure out -LRB- like tomb raiders -RRB- , this one is easy but Challenging too !!! I 'm glad I bought it was so much fun to play , and when my son gets better at the controller I 'm sure it will be his favorite too .
 this is a verry good game i won it but the 1rs boss is hard . i give i5 stars
 I had a lot of fun playing this game ! I love to play it all the time .
 This game rocks . I espescially like the part where you go back in time . Buy this game !!
 You can go to any of dozens of gamezine sites and see good full-length reviews of this game . In general , they agree that Freedom Force is a great game , deserving of its award-winning status . It is well-designed ; it captures the flavor of Silver Ago comic book superheroes ; and , in addition to the balanced and interesting built-in heroes , there is tremendous flexibility in custom character creation and power design . One legitimate downside is that the main campaign , although very entertaining and extensive , is fairly linear and after playing through a few times -LRB- you may choose different heroes for your squads for each mission -RRB- , you may get too used to the gameplay . But , in all sincerity , I say that anyone who grew up reading comic books and has any love for the genre is really missing a tremendous treat by not trying this game.However , my favorite feature is the extent to which new missions and campaigns -LRB- `` mods '' -RRB- can be written by the community of FF enthusiasts . And there are thousands of new powers and skins -LRB- costumes -RRB- and meshes -LRB- body types -RRB- freely available online , essentially allowing the player to play an incredible array of superheroes . Also , there is a `` Danger Room '' mode where you can choose any any squad you want and then choose any group of enemies you want an battle it out . The modding enthusiasts have expanded on this as well and there are variations such as `` beat the clock '' missions , `` unending wave of villians '' mode , etc. A note to address the earlier misleading review of the jewel case edition . It is true that the game -LRB- like many other programs -RRB- has trouble with Service Pack 2 -LRB- SP2 -RRB- for Windows XP and will not run under it . Unfortunately , the developers were hit with this SP2 problem as they were pushing to complete two other new games -LRB- including the sequel to Freedom Force ! -RRB- . However , contrary to the prior review , they * have * said they are working on a fix and they are hoping to have it out at about the time -LRB- soon after -RRB- the sequel is released.Anyway , this is a great game and I strongly urge anyone to give this game a try -LRB- I have a hard time imagining a better video game value right now -RRB- . If you have XP with SP2 installed , then buy a copy -LRB- what is it now ? Five bucks ?!? -RRB- and keep an eye on irrationalgames.com for the announcement of the SP2 fix . ** Update
 As a previous reviewer stated , this is a great role playing game that really takes advantage of the unique powers of comic book super heroes . It 's a fun , fresh take on RPG 's . But as another reviewer also stated , there is a problem running this game with Windows XP service pack 2 . Fortunately , there is a beta patch available that seems to fix this problem . I 've downloaded the patch and Freedom Force now seems to run fine . Here 's the info on the patch -LRB- it 's available from the freedom force web site at www.freedomfans.com -RRB- : New Freedom Force patch available now
 I am enthralled , gone somersaulting in a world of medieval , fantasy splendor . Famished for a tactical haven , besides PC Real-Time brutes such as StarCraft or C&C , MaxFive , a nameless company behind Hoshigami
 Ok , before we get a ton of misconceptions , this game has one thing in common with the FFT . The way the battle areas look . Other than that the systems are different . You use a meter somewhat like the kicking meter in most football games to attack or do a session -LRB- combo -RRB- . There are no jobs , but instead you learn skills and your stats change according to which god you worship . Your magic is used through coinfeigms that are coins you find or buy which you can have engraved on to power up the magic . They also grow through usage , developing more powerful and more specialized skills . This game is gon na rock , and I think it has the potential to rank up there with Tactics Ogre , which is the best strat RPG on the market . -LRB- Yes , even better than FFT -RRB-
 Hoshigami is a good looking rpg tactical game . I enjoyed the MANY side quests and all the towers . It took well over 100 hours to complete them all . However I can honestly say that after all that I cant remember anything about the storyline what so ever . Its only been two weeks since i finished this game and i remember very little of the plot . I enjoyed defeating the dungeons , finding weapons , and using the well designed coin system , which was fun . If you can play strictly to enjoy the battle maps and side goodies i highly advise this title , however the story is lacking and forgettable .
 I love the strategic battle format . I 've played every Shining Force , FF Tactics , both Vandal-Hearts , and was so happy to find Hoshigami . At first I struggled with the play control . The in-game tutorials are not all that clear , and the enemies were pushing my troops off their spaces and I could n't figure out how they were doing it . But I stuck with it , found out how to level up my spell-casting coins , how to shoot enemies into a session attack , how to check out the enemies ' magic and gear and use session attacks on the ones that had stuff I wanted them to drop . One of my characters has earned the ability to detect hidden prizes on the battlefield . Now I 'm addicted . My only regret is that you ca n't save your game mid-battle like in Shining Force . This is no starter strategy . Experienced generals will love it .
 This game is simply one of the best strategy RPG 's ever made . one of the reasons why is because it is so much like FFT . the battle system is great , and it is easy to level up your characters and magics , due to the `` towers of trials '' scatered around the world map . personaly i dont like strategys a great deal but when FFT came out i eagerly awaited a strategy that could even compare to it . Hoshigami is the game weve been searching for ! not only is the story good , but the characters are very likeable , theres also allot of them to recruit . If you liked Final Fantasy Tactics then by all means buy this game now .
 ... Hoshigami is a good game on its own rights without all the comparisons to FFT that turn it down . I do n't see what was so great about FFT , but Hoshigami is definetely a great game . Difficulty is just right . I can finally spend over 50 hours or so on an RPG . Too many easy RPGs these days . Hoshigami is just right ... FFT is hack and slash . This people is a real strategy game .
 I can go on all day about this game but im not ill just tell you the bascics . the graphic are great by ps1 standards detailed emviroments my only complaint is that the stages should have been done better . Ive also noticed that thair more enamies to fight in one battle than FFT also insted of getting to move once then attack once you can hit twice move twice use magic coins depending on how much rap meter you have . If your looking for a long game you found it you can easily play 100 hours and not know it just to get started it will take about 10 hours . all in all if you a final fantasy tactic fan this game will not dissapoint you and is one of the last great playstation 1 games .
 One of the best games ever made for the Playstation console . Why do I say this , Hoshigami isnt some push over games us Americans are used to . Where we just level up and beat are enemy to a pulp . Its not for the weak at hearted either . This is one hardcore RPG . One your enemy will always be somewhere around your power level no matter what . Its hard to , not some easy cheesy game . Youd better get some bawlz or red bull because your in for it with this game . The thing I like about this game is the deities . You get to be some sort of different color , and can change and teach you cool and different skills . The game has been given some silly and aweful reviews , by people here , and on the top game reviews out of fustration because it was difficult . I guess all games to them are suppoed to be for simpltons like them . Its sad :-LRB- Hoshigami is a great game and everyone should play it .
 Hoshigami is one of the best games ever . I have beaten it two times . Unlike Final Fantasy Tactics , an incredibly easy game after the second or third time through it , Hoshigami is not . It is much more realistic considering in the beginning you CAN NOT raise your characters after you die . The other aspect of the game that sets it apart from other games in this Genre is it 's RAP gauge . The game is not a cheap rip off of tactics either . Atlus helped develop the game . Read the credits . I would recommend this to only a true gamer that wants an extreme challenge Only
 I can go on all day about this game but im not ill just tell you the bascics . the graphic are great by ps1 standards detailed emviroments my only complaint is that the stages should have been done better . Ive also noticed that thair more enamies to fight in one battle than FFT also insted of getting to move once then attack once you can hit twice move twice use magic coins depending on how much rap meter you have . If your looking for a long game you found it you can easily play 100 hours and not know it just to get started it will take about 10 hours . all in all if you a final fantasy tactic fan this game will not dissapoint you and is one of the last great playstation 1 games .
 This game is inspired by the strategy games like Final Fantasy Tactics and Vandal Hearts and such . This game is probably the best game that will come out for Playstation this year . The art , the gameplay , and everything else seems to be similar compared to Final Fantasy , except the complicated storyline no one understood . But the game is for strategists , and is not suitable for kids young as 6 -LRB- based on complicated gameplay and way the game is played -RRB- You want your money 's worth ? GET THIS GAME !
 This game uses the same battle system from final fantasy tactics to control the chracters . Awesome battle system that uses magic , physical attacks , and chain attacks to inflict major combos on the enemy party . The chain attacks becomes a vital element to the battle system and graphic of this game are good for playstation one standards . While this game is no ff tactics it is a solid game to fill the void that ff tactics left behind .
 For all those compairing this to Final Fantasy Tactics and calling it a clone ... This came first ... by a long shot , this game was made before Tactics .
 A good , serious game for my Netbook -LRB- MSI Wind -RRB- . The Mission Editor is where this game shines .
 Wonderful weapons , vehicles , troops and maps the few things that make this game shine more than any other are the mods and addons for the editor as well . Truly one of the best games i have ever played .
 This game is so under rated.It should have a higher rateing . this game is the best so do not pass this good game . = -RRB-
 This is an all around great game besides a few flaws . This game pumps you up and the chanting is good . It is hard to drive the lane because everything is so conjested , but it is very easy to hit a shot from anywhere , because there is a shot meter that is easy to get used to . The graphics are very good . The gameplay is a lot better than last years model ! Get this game . Its worth it !
 There are about 311 NCAA university basketball teams for you to pick , it is worth to buy one if you like basketball
 NFL Gameday 2002 has put the series back on track . The graphics are the best NFL Gameday has ever looked , and they are good competiton to NFL 2K2 . The gameplay is great , and is still a lot of fun . All the flaws have been cleaned up , putting this game back in the prime.Why not 5 stars?It is not as good as the new Madden .
 I do n't know why everyone is putting this game down , this is a fun game . I own this game and it is good . I think it is fun . you have to press square to catch the ball when it reaches you or it will drop . Just like in real life . The graphics are awesome . They look like real life . The players look life like with their helmets and jerseys . The stadiums look real too.The weather conditions are good . The only thing about this game is that there is no practice mode . Oh well , that 's life . and they did want to make as real as they could . buy it.s
 I see this game is not getting very good reviews , but I dont understand why not because it is a harder game , which makes it more fun , and more challenging , and also it is not just a throw it , catch it with no problem game , you have to work hard to get what you want in the game ... . I think it is more realistic , pretty good graphics ... I suggest this over any football game this year
 I have played this game for two days , I do n't have any problems with it . My db 's cover fine , my receivers catch fine . I have not experienced the trouble these other gamers are stating . The graphics are great , the players actually vary in size and the physics of the game -LRB- i.e. a large player hitting a smaller player -RRB- seem to be as close as any football game I have played . I do think it is strange that one person had trouble with his db 's and the other had trouble with his receivers . Possible operator error is my guess . It 's a good game and for the money it is probably the best one I have played for the PS2 .
 This seems like a good game . The TV said it was a good game . The graphics look awesome even better than madden !!! I bought this game . I hope this game is good . I hope this is a good buy .
 Ok , this is a decent game . Good controls , Great Graphics , but not so good main title interactive things to do . Like you ca n't Create your own Player , and just let me say , that is one of my favorite things to do . Yet I am still impressed with the game play and I gave it 4 stars , because that 's what it deserves .
 unlike everyone else i actually played this game . It is as realistic as i have seen any game be . the graphics are mind blowing . you can create a player , do a season , do playoffs , the possibility 's are endless . I liked this game a lot and i hope this review is helpful .
 This is an awesome game . It has some of the best graphics available in a game . When you sit down you just get lost in all the excitement of the game . I was lucky to be able to get to play the game . I only played for 10 minutes but it was great . This is a must for all football fans out there . If you have a PS2 then you have to get this game .
 I thought this was such an awesome game . the effects are great , the sounds are great , what the heck , Everything about this game is great . buy this , or else your missing out !
 this game is so much fun all the shots are cool and you can do COOL dunks in this game you can make your own player -LRB- i make mine the best -RRB- and you can MAKE YOUR OWN SLAMDUNK COOOOOL i gave this game 4 stars cause it has a little bad grafics and is sort of hard but the two player game is SOOOOO COOL BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL LOVE IT
 This game is going to be wonderul while camping this comming summer . She will be able to play while the adults are doing other things like cooking LOL or in bad weather if she does not want to watch a movie . She playes all versions . easy to understand and play even for a 10 yr old .
 I purchased this game mostly for the Skipbo game . I like playing the card game but do n't always have someone to play with me . I love UNO also . Fun games you can play anytime . A good price too .
 I love this game , it 's the first game I always reach for . I love the options that allow you to customize many aspects of the different games . It allows you to play against other human players or computer generated opponents , to choose your difficulty level , to choose between several different versions of each game , to choose between animated or stationary backgrounds . There are a variety of ways you can adjust your game to suit your preferences . If you like card games , especially Skip-Bo and Uno , you will definitely like this game . No matter what your reason is for purchasing Uno/Skip-Bo/Uno Freefall DS , fun and entertainment , great memories , and/or you want a game the whole family can play , whether they are 6 or 60 , this is the game for you . I highly recommend this game .
 The card game is fun but you have to have someone to play with ... now with my nintendo and this game I can play to my hearts content . Great game and fune .
 I had forgotten how much fun Uno could be . I 'm still learning skip bo but so far it 's fun . This game arrived well ahead of the stated time and in perfect condition .
