 This game rocks ! Wrestler fans dreams come true . Legends in a game , how awsome is that ? Hulk Hogan , Bret Hart , Jimmy Snuka , LOD , One man Gang , RVD , Sabu , King Kong Bundy and many more . The create a legend is GREAT ! This is a must buy for all wrestling fans even those who are n't .
 When I bought my Xbox I bought RAW & Legends Of Wrestling . RAW did not turn out to be as good as I thought it would be . RAW 's gameplay is sluggish but I admit , RAW can be fun once you get the hang of it . But RAW still does n't match up to the fun you can have with Legends Of Wrestling . So many classic superstars with a classic feel . Career mode is like the old days you wrestle territory but territory , and once your popularity builds up you move on to the next territory . My personal favorite feature to the game is Create A Wrestler . You ca n't edit the face of your character that much but , you can add accessories to the ring attire and you can even Rip your favorite song to your Xbox hard drive to use as your theme music . Now lets talk about the moves . The moves I envisioned that would only be in this game are moves like Leg Drops , Gorilla Press Slams , Jumping Body Splashes , etc. . I did not expect to see moves like the `` Kryptonite Crunch '' & the Acid Drop -LRB- Dudley Dog -RRB- , and before I forget the `` Stone Cold Stunner '' there are some excellent high impact moves featured in this game.If you are looking for a good wrestling game for the Xbox rent RAW before you buy it and buy Legends Of Wrestling right off because it is , just that good , and fun . A must have for any fan of the good ol' days of wrestling .
 This is the best wrestling game for the Xbox.I ca n't wait until the second edition of this game.I would of given it five stars but they need to work on the intros and the wrestlers music .
 this game is very unique because it 's character style and music is definately 1980 's -LRB- like taking a strole down memory lane -RRB- . the gameplay is good . at first it seems rather boring and sluggish , but it really gets good after you win a regional belt or two . i know i am two matches into the 3rd region and it is really getting competitive . the more matches that you win the more moves that you can unlock as well as players.however , i think that people might think of this game as shallow , but it is really good . it 's deep -LRB- to me -RRB- , but for the ones out there that did n't like this game ; i just do n't think that you gave it enough time . speaking of time this game can be time consuming . i think it took me 4 to 5 hours to get to the third region.all and all , the game is solid and if you JUST GIVE IT A CHANCE you 'll really enjoy all the aspects that it has to offer.try it!trooperdeex
 I loved this game , it was one of the best wrestling games I have ever played . The controls are sweet and the finishers are easy to do . The only thing it is lacking is a couple legends that are n't there , but you can easily create them in the create a wrestler option . BUT THIS GAME IF YOU LOVE WRESTLiNG !!!!
 This game was the BEST game I have ever played , It should be the largest selling from the sistym , X-Box
 Here 's a game that should take us twenty-something fans back to our youths -- King Kong Bundy , Greg `` the Hammer '' Valentine , The Rock and Roll Express , Ricky Steamboat ... Ahh , those were the days.Of course , a great deal of `` Legends '' are missing in this title as well , -LRB- and there are also some downright weird additions ; is RVD old enough to be a legend , and was Koko B. Ware ever a legend ? -RRB- but , oh well . You ca n't expect them to possibly put every single one of your erstwhile favorites in this thing , now can you?Somehow , though , this game fails to take me on that proverbial trip down memory lane that I 'd been hoping for . The music is all wrong , and that oldtime feel is just missing.Gamewise , though , is where is really counts , and , on that , this title is hit and miss.The Create-a-Wrestler feature in this one is quite good . Here 's a novel concept
 I find the Legends of Wrestling game to be wonderful . You can play through a career game with all the wrestlers . Maybe they should have such a game called WWF/WWE legends for X-Box 360 ; Playstation 3 and Nintendo Wii . This would be simular to the first and second Legends of Wrestling games but with classic and modern legends man and woman .
 Only dissapointment is
 Best Baseball Game for GBA to date . At first the season will seem very easy , but it will get much harder as it goes on.Although it is the best baseball game for GBA , it still does not compare with old NES and SNES baseball games like Base Wars -LRB- the best robot baseball game ever -RRB- , Baseball 2023 -LRB- or something like it -RRB- and the first a second Griffey Games , which should all be remade into GBA games , they would be INSTANT CLASSICS.Anyway , Allstar Baseball is n't a horrible game , but get a baseball game for the PS2 , Game Cube and X-Box for -LSB- a little extra -RSB-
 This should be picked up right now !!! I know the baserunning is a bit bad , but that 's basically all of the flops . At the beginning you might think it 's imossible to hit , but you just have to get used to it . And the fielding is a sinch .
 This game is so realistic , you feel like your actually inside the stadium .
 I am a big baseball fan , and have been patiently waiting for this game to come out . I did a lot of research between this game and High Heat 2003 for the GBA . It was a tough decision , but I definitely feel I made the right choice . This is a great offering for the GBA . The game play is smooth and the sound and graphics are very crisp . The stadiums look astonishing considering the platform this game is on . The pitching-batting interface is well done also . This game has great depth as well . There are plenty of play modes and this game comes close to capturing all of the aspects of a major league baseball game . It was a couple of features shy of five stars though . Hopefully next year , Acclaim will add some other small features to round-out a great baseball game for the GBA -LRB- ie
 This baseball game is very fun for the Gameboy Advance . The graphics are poor , but the game play is great !
 This should be picked up right now !!! I know the baserunning is a bit bad , but that 's basically all of the flops . At the beginning you might think it 's imossible to hit , but you just have to get used to it . And the fielding feature is a very to use .
 I played the computer game SET for the first time last night at a party my parents went to . It was fun but challenging because the computer was finding more sets than I was in the beginning . Other people got interested in the game and everyone started looking for the sets . Then I began to see the sets faster and could beat the computer . I liked it because it lets me play one on one against the computer while I 'm learning the game and I know I can get good enough to beat the computer and even those other people who were looking over my shoulder .
 I 've been playing the card game for years -- it 's wonderful . I 'm so happy they 've made a computer version so that I do n't have to find someone to play against me ! As a mathematics educator , I 'll definitely get this for my classroom , because I think that it encourages the same kind of thinking required for conceptual problems posed in high-school math classes . -LRB- And , theoretically , it can be used to cover some mathematical concepts , like probability . -RRB- It 's definitely a stimulating game -- and I love it .
 I played SET as a card game for years . It is an awesome game . I like the fact that I am really good at it because it won so many awards . The computer version really adds some neat challenges . I like the beat-the-clock mode , and I am really hooked on the mode where I get extra time if I 'm fast enough . I keep making the hall of fame . Really great because now I can play anytime not just when my friends come over . I love it .
 Three games in one ! Excellent vlaue here ! My girls are ages 5 & 3 and they thoroughly enjoy these ! The hair design one is their favorite -LRB- for now -RRB- . They can choose 1 of 4 girls to cut , style , color her hair and do her makeup-getting her ready for a wedding , party , career - etc. . All chosen by the player . The ocean discovery has a lot of good scenery & special effects . Memory skills are built here while they are having a good time . The dance cd is also an excellent one . I highly recommend this package - worth the money for anyone with young girls ! 1smileycat : - -RRB-
 This is the perfect game choice . You unlock 1,000 s of levels and can earn four new cars which are The Roadster , Tow Truck , bus , Saloon Gt . The crashes are cool to watch and can be saved . It 's good to have at least two controllers and 1 friend . On PS2 , I 've been play on this game for hours . Interstate is no matter what the best level to play . The game is very lively like you are accually controlling a reallife car . In my opinion I say play the Mustang in Manual , because you can go up to 143mph on Interstate for the whole level . The roadster is a fast car in Showoff mode . Survival is also very good . You should start with the Super Minivan . The Super Minivan is good at turning . The game is not a crime . It 's the perfect game .
 What can I say about this game?It ` s plain awesome!Cars are cool , levels are cool , everything about this game is cool!Graphics are excellant , gameplay is on , crashes are sweet , but it ` s the boost that gets you.In my opinion , it ` s called NOS.NOS is right on when you get it fully charged up.I do n`t recommend getting this on the PS2 , considering you might brake your controller , you ` ll get so mad at it.But get this game on the GC.If I gave it a rating on a scale of 1 to 10 , I ` d give it a 15 . : -RRB-
 This game was so good , but very hard to win first place in every race . The graphics are the best you can get ! The crashes in here are amazing ! When you crash you can see the damage and it looks so real!If you dont get this game you are sorry you did not
 I think this game is cool , but there are some bad things ... THE BAD THINGS ARE : It is very fast.Long roads to travel.And , you have to race to get more roads.THE GOOD THINGS ARE : It is rated E -LCB- for everyone -RCB- . It will take a YEAR to finish the game.And I think you sould try it ! ...
 This is a great racing game for one player . If you 're looking for a game to race against your friends -- do n't choose this one . The courses are so long that you rarely even see the other player on the course .
 This is a reaaaaaaaaalllllllllyyyyyy awesome game ! Picture this , racing at breakneck speeds through TONS of traffic , you gettin the picture ? Yep , thats it , incredible crashes , traffic that tries to swerve out of your way , liking it so far ? In other words , the perfect game for me . I only have a few problems with it , 1 . I do n't have a memory card so I ca n't save -LRB- sniff -RRB- 2 . Reaaaaaaaaaaallllly corney music .3 . To many -LRB- or not enough ? -RRB- mystery cars .4 . On a more pesonal note , MY TV IS TOO SMALL !! Other than that , it 's a great buy -LRB- in other words , WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR , GET IT !! -RRB- .
 this game is good if you like fast paced intence racing . the graphics are amazing and so are the crashes . this game is so realistic so are the cars . you get to race in everyday traffic too . this is the best racing game period .
 Yes exhilerating is definetely the best word to describe Burnout . You will have some trouble doing well when you first pick it up but after a while you start figuring it out . However there is n't enough variety in the cars and tracks and modes of play . The 2-player mode -LRB- head to head -RRB- is good for a while but they need something else in the mix . Like police pursuit or something . Also crashing is frustrating after the coolness of it wears off . They show you 3 replays of it from different angles which is cool , but all the while your opponents get to keep driving along . Eventually every crash is a waste of time . You start out with 5 cars and unlock more as you go along ending up with 9 or so . Lots of the tracks seem like the same thing but luckily it is still very fun . Enough of the bad stuff . Yes Burnout is a ton of fun . Your mission is to simply win the race . But aside from that what you do is try to fill up this bar in the bottom left corner of the screen . You do that by powersliding around turns which count as drift time , driving as long as possible against traffic on the wrong side of the road , and coming close to hitting other cars but just missing them . Once you do this you press and hold R on the controller and all of a sudden you are going very , very fast . Do n't worry it is a ton of fun . When you complete the turbo boost without crashing or braking then it is called a burnout . Beware this is easier said than done . It will take you a few hours to accomplish this . Also the difficulty curve is too high . It is very hard to accomplish all of the chamionship grand prix stuff . And survival mode ? -LRB- make it through a race without crashing once -RRB- Nearly impossible . And no weather effects is disappointing . Aside from all that , I highly recommend Burnout , the best racing game out for the gamecube until the sequel comes out in a few months and Need For Speed Hot Pursuit 2 comes out . The whole concept of Burnout is incredible . You will get so into this game your head will be knocked back by every crash -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- . And when you use that turbo boost your thoughts will go from `` Jesus Christ this is fast ! '' to `` Holy -LSB- Cow -RSB- God help me ! ''
 Burnout is an excellent game for Gamecube . The cars are wonderfully designed and the tracks are long . This game 's graphics are great , because , well , it 's a GAMECUBE GAME ! Any GC game is wonderfully graphinated . This driving game is like none else . Heeeeere 's the top review : PLay Control-OH MAN ! The control is perfecto ! Depending on which car , though . 4 and a half!Graphics - A huge upgrade . This is far out the best pro of ` pros and cons ' of the game . 5 stars , indeed!Replay Value-Great , especially if you like to drive . You can play Single Race with 1 player if ya ' like . Four stars!I give it 4 and a half . The half is for some controls and some replay , but overall , very good game!Oh , have you ever played Midtown Madness for the PC ? Well , I you have , get this ! Enjoy !
 The controls are good and the crash scenes are superb . The flaw is what almost all racing games have you have to earn money to unlock extremely good cars or radical race tracks . Get this game if you plan on just racing and HAVING FUN !
 I love this game !! The racing is challenging yet rewarding at the same time . You complete grand prix 's to get new tracks and chances at new cars . I also like the crashes ... its a lot of fun to crash as much as you can but still finish the race . I would have given the game a ten except for one thing . The tracks are repetative . You open up a new track and it is just bits of old tracks pieced together and done backwards . Nevertheless , the game is still very challenging and fun . I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a good , fun racing game .
 I have recently Play this game for about one hour and I am hooked . This game is one of the best racers for The G-Cube . I would have given this game five stars but it did not have all the multiplayer options that you would expect from a racer .
 Fun , fast , and killer graphics ! ... . It 's really cool . Pushing your friends off the road and watching the awsome crashes is great fun . A must .
 This Game is great ! Cool Cars ! Endurance Levels ! I wanted to ratethis 4 1/2 , but I just went with 4 . This sounds better than most people make it sound . The whole point of the game is to finish the race faster than the others , like any other car-racing game , But there is so many cars on the road other than P1 , P2 and COM . players . This game oddly enforces driving on the wrong side of the road against oncoming traffic for more boost-points , and the closer you get to a car , without actually hitting it , gets you Near-Miss points , but it is simply a great game ! Many unlockable levels and some very cool cars to earn ! -LRB- including the lotus , tow truck , bus & saleen gt ! -RRB- The replay value of this game is high in my opinion , I like to play it alot . And I would have to say that so far this is my favorite racing game.I hope this review was helpful to you if you are trying to decide on whether to get this game or not : -RRB- Thankyou for Reading , * Vapor *
 Burn Out suxs.It is the worst raceing game i have ever played.I have play just about every raceing game nitendo has come out with but this one is by far the worst.The cars Crash with very lil effert.in the beging you do not have a good selection of cars or trakes.The graphices r the only reson i would buy this game.This is a very dissipointing game .
 this game is sweet , the graphics are total awsome , and the game play is nice . If I had a rating for control , game play , and fun . through a 1-5 rating ill have to say control is 4.5 , game play is 5.0 , and fun is 5.0 . This game is sweet , but if your eager to buy it , first rent it then once you really get to like it , then you should buy it . This game is an exellent racing game .
 I tested this game thinking ti 'd be a bad game from the looks of it . Was I WRONG . Unlike oldenoughtoknowbadgames ' review -LRB- which should n't even be up because it does n't even relate to the GCN version -RRB- , I found this game to be addictive , & fun . I loved the feature that you can save your best crashes and show them to friends . TOTALLY FUN !!!
 Burnout is a really great game ! I bought the game having not ever played it before , and I am not a racing fan . The game is a whole lot of fun and , to me , puts a very unique twist on the usual boring `` race to the finish line '' racing genre . Yes , that is the goal of the game , but factor in the amazing crash sequences and the need to drive recklessly to improve your Burnout meter and you have a really great , fun game ! The speed you can go is amazing on this , it draws you right into the game , and when you crash going top speed and flip multiple times , even if you are trying to beat down your opponents you ca n't help but enjoy the mouth-watering crashes ! If you 're looking for a great game to tide you over until Starfox or Zelda comes out , or just want to play a very excellent game , I highly recommend this game ! The only flaw I could find is the corny music . Also , increase the fun by having more than 1 person to play it with , then you get to force your friends into oncoming traffic ; - -RRB-
 Although this game has not come out for the Gamecube yet I 've played the PS2 version of it and its absolotly one of the best racing games ever !!! The reason its so great is that you can buy almost any car imaginable from the Ford F-150 to the Porsche 911 turbo . So to rap this up I seriously recomend this game to anybody who likes racing , and/or is a car enthusiest !!! -- This review is in regards to the PS2 version of this game .
 One of the best games ever to be on face of this planet . No racing game is as good as this with the exception of Need for speed hot pursuit 2 . If you do n't like cars you might even like it anyway . I really reccomend it . Do n't listen to any bad reviews .
 I do n't get why people would still buy this game -LRB- burnout -RRB- for 49.99 , when burnout 2 is out and selling at 39.99 . Burnout2 has more cars , has a crash mode were u try to crash into things for cash , it has many vehicles to choose from and has a wide selection of modes . Burnout2 has much better graphics.GET BURNOUT 2
 this is a great action racing game . the graphics and sound effects are exceptional , not to mention the crashes . the game has an excellent multiplayer mode , and also has a great single player championship or race mode . With tons of cars , tracks , and fun , i would rate this game five stars but ... i have found the championship mode , where you are awarded new cars and tracks , to be extremely aggrivating ! Sure the racing is fun , and you think you are doing great when you are relaxing in first place but then you hit another car and crash and the game decides to do an auto replay that takes so much time and spits you back into fourth place , where you go on to lose and dont qualify for the car you have worked so hard at getting . well you just spent your hour trying to get this new car , only to find some mini van packed full of screaming children decides to wheel out infront of you right at the finish line , and make you lose ! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!
 Burnout is the type of game that I really wanted for quite a while ; an arcade type racing game with huge detailed crashes . Burnout delivered most everything I was expecting.Some people have complained about the fact that none of the cars are licensed reproductions of real cars . This does n't bother me at all . The cars do lack detail but that still does n't bother me . The tracks are pretty long -LRB- especially the Marathon tracks -RRB- but that just gives you more time to put the pedal down and smash into oncoming traffic.The opposition drivers are pretty smart . They 'll try to run you into cars and they do n't crash very often . You do n't really want to crash into other cars , but the amazing crash visuals make you want to make a huge wreck.There are several different cars available , and then two special cars -LRB- a city bus and a big-rig tow truck -RRB- . All of them handle differently and have different speeds . For racing I like the roadster . For causing huge wrecks I like the bus.A big plus is the large number of tracks you can race on . Granted , several are just reversed version of other tracks , but there are different traffic patterns , weather changes , and some tracks are at night -LRB- really neat -RRB- . You can save your best replays , but each one takes up 15 blocks on a Gamecube memory card.I was kind of sad that the dents and things do n't stay on your car after a wreck . They somehow get fixed when you start to race again . I was also wishing it had a `` demolition derby '' mode where you had to try to smash up as many opponents as you could . No such luck . These little things do n't really make me that upset though.Last Word
 If you are looking for a fun game that anyone can play , this is a good game for you.It is neither too easy or hard.I 'm a pre-teen and I love , But so does my little sister and Dad.This is what Me , my friends and Family want to play when they 're at my house.It 's worth every penny.The game is extremely fun to play any time.The only drawback is the length of the coarses.They 're from 3-6 minutes long.The graphics are amazing and the crashes and sounds are majorly realistic.I hope this was a helpful Review.HAVE FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is great ! ... unless you 're a sore loser ... these kind of people should n't play this game . I 've seen my 17 years old brother playing it . Once he crash , he restarts the race . What a waste of time . The racing takes time but it gives you many chances of winning . Just do n't give up . Hit the gas.I love the sounds of crashing and screeching of the tires . - sighs - Fast Cars . o0o fast cars ... very fast acceleration.I think this game is a lil ' bit better than Gran Turismo . Because Gran Turismo is so serious and difficult . Long time to load . You want to race for a quick time ? Use this game . Fast . Easy . A lot of fun . I do n't even use memory card . Try rent at Blockbuster . Ya 'll see . ^ . ^
 IT ` S a good game if your going to play a short period of time.It would be better if you did not stop every time you crash!plus it takes 15 blocks on your memory card . And it takes foreverfor your burnout bar to fill , and when you crash it goes back down ! BUY burnout two much better game .
 Very rarley would a racing game actually make me sweat . This game managed to do this . While many people may think the cars in the oncoming lane are the biggest worry . The cars in the ongoing lane are just as bad . Select from a few different city or sports cars and take to the streets in Europe or USA . This game has the most realistic veiw point I have ever seen in my life , instead of being aloud to have a birds eye veiw
 This is probably the best driving game I 've played in a LONG time . Burnout is not a driving simulation -LRB- like F1 , Driven , etc. . -RRB- it is very much a game -LRB- Ridge Racer , Demolition Racer , etc. . . -RRB- - and a fun one at that . The tracks are very well designed , the car control is fantastic , and the extra features are neat -LRB- you can replay and save crashes to the MC . -RRB- One really cool feature of the game is that crashes are assigned ` points ' by the dollar amount of damage.Pros
 This game is cool ... and I know my games and this looks like a very good game!Well I will be honest I do not like Crzay Taxi the same people that are making this game for GameCube but this game is not a timeing game so i hop this game is cool.The game is cool for ps2 and I really like it for ps2!If this companey is reading this make a nascar game !
 This game is good and fun and everything like that ... but `` Burnout 2
 I bought this card the second I got my gamecube.It had 118 blocks of space . I put it in and started to play Super Smash Bros. . Melee . It saved my files and day after day I could access my files without getting a corruption message . Just because the 16X card does n't work does n't mean other InterAct cards do n't . This is a great card !
 I do not have this memory card but i will consider to purcase it because of it could hold space eating games like MADDEN 2003 . Also it should not crash easily after reading about it on other websites like NINTEDO.COM . If i were you i would buy it .
 this is the best game ever you can do the best moves it is so cool.you afto get this game !
 Legends of Wrestling will take a journey back to the Golden Age of Professional Wrestling with such greats as Rob Van Dam , Hollywood Hulk Hogan , and Bret the hitman Hart . There will be great graphics and many matches for you to compete in . I will be getting this game right away .
 My son loves this game . He plays with it as well as the many others he has . He really likes wrestling game the best . We recieved this game within about 1 week after buying . We look forward to buying more in the future.Thanks again , Janet L. Focken
 THE GAME GETS AWESOME AFTER AWHILE . TWO WEEKS AGO I WAS BAD THEN I WASREALLY GOOD ONE WEEK LATER . JUST ONE THING WHY IS RVD IN HEAR . RVD ISAWSOME . HULK HOGAN IS AWSOME . BRIAN PILMAN IS AWSOME BRET HART IS AWSOME . EVERYONE IS AWSOME.SO YOU SHOULD ALL GET IT .
 this game is better then wreslemania 18 buy it
 This is the worst wrestling game I have ever played . The gameplay -LSB- stinks -RSB- , the wrestlers do n't even have their trademark entrance music , and you can only perform just a couple of moves ! The graphics are alright , the controls are a little confusing but its easy to pick it up , but the gameplay is just horrible . Each character looks -LSB- bad -RSB- when they walk and the views are horrible . The sound effects are n't so great either . It 's just the same repetitive `` oofs '' and `` ahhs '' and its boring . I recommend that you stay as far away as possible from this game . It 's not even worth the money to rent .
 I 'm a rollerblader , and i 've have been wanting a game for booters like me . Although the career mode in this game is n't the best , it is still satisfying playing free skate and soul grinding some rails .
 Okay . First off , rollerblading is undeniably insane . You tykes truly have n't watched a modern rollerblading video , have you ? No . Ofcourse not . -LRB- But hey , I 'm not judging . Spending your time and money on such `` hip '' products with Bam Margera 's name on it is sick , duuude . -RRB- Skateboarding is cooler than rollerblading to the average trucker-hat-wearing-computer-humping-12 year old -- I wo n't deny that . To the learned eye , however , it is plain to see that rollerblading is impressive . Simply put . If you can hate on this sport , you are blind in one way or the other . Check your calendars . It is -LRB- nearly -RRB- 2008 . Stop hopping on the `` haters ' bandwagon '' and learn to think and speak for yourselves.Second off , concerning this game , it is a `` rad '' game for any lover of rollerblading . It has some goofy details that may mislead anybody who is not `` in the know '' of rollerblading , and definately leans toward the oldschool roots of rollerblading culture -LRB- ie
 A few words to sum this game up
 Believe it or not , this was my introduction to an inline video game -LRB- I 'm a 1st person shooter fan -RRB- . This is a great game !! The tutorial got me up to speed quickly , and it was all fun and games from there . Great graphics , awesome sound , tons of gameplay . Give it a try !
 OK here is the low down , I have been a skater for most of my life , boards that is . I also want to point out that I am a Tony Hawk loyalist , and this game blows the current THPS game out of the water . The levels are HUGE !!! when I say huge I mean absolutley ENORMOUS . I mean there is literally no place you can not go , roof tops , cable car wires inside the justice bowls , it is amazing . Let 's not forget about the Keys that you can find to expand the already amazing size of the levels to even larger ones . Transfers , transferring from a two story building to a spine below is alot of fun . The challenges are right on , hard at times , but that is the beauty of this game it takes a while to master a specific trick to get the attributes built up to be able to do a single challenge . and let me say that being able to build your skaters attributes is a must for any skate game . So many features so little time , TRUST ME buy this game and you will have hours upon hours of fun .
 this game is definatey better than tony hawk . there are some very cool tricks . I think i only have two complaints . It 's harder to get specials , compared to THPS3 . But the worst thing is that it is way to easy to advance to the next level . another great thing is the awesome soundtrack .
 Aggressive Inline is a revolutionary title in the extreme sports genre . It is made by the same developers of Dave Mirra BMX , and exceeds Dave Mirra 's games in fun factor . The game features some things never seen in extreme sports titles , such as vaulting , swinging on poles and skitching onto the backs of cars . Also , it features a unique level up system , where if you use a specific trait alot , you will get better and become a better skater . It introduces a new system where grabs and flips are performed with square , and actions such as talking , vaulting and pole grabing are accomplished with circle . There are 9 levels in all , each complete with tons of goals to complete , and characters that give out these goals . These characters are really funny and say some funny stuff . Like the clown in the Boardwalk level . The game is very hard at times , but you will never find yourself to frustrated . There are lots of things to unlock too.This of course adds tons of replay value , just like in all the Tony Hawk games , its the same kind of experience . The soundtrack is also good too , with some great songs to skate to . Some of the songs really set the mood for the levels in the game.I 'd say the biggest flaw in the game are the graphics . They are decent , but there are also lots of errors . Sometimes the backrounds flicker a bit , and sometimes the camera angles will go through objects like in N64 games . Also , I 've ended up stuck inside a moving bus , with nothing in it due to graphical errors , and also fell through the graphics after performing a 80,000 point grind , and , did n't end up getting the points . Its really a shame that a small thing like this had to pop up in a near perfect game . Another flaw is that besides its many play modes , such as Career , freeride , timed skate and create a park , sadly , there is no create a skater mode . This would 've been great to create characters . Aggressive Inline is a cool game , but amazingly , even with all of its features , it could still easily be improved .
 This is the only decent aggressive skating game I have ever seen . It is extremely challenging , and I like it even more than Tony Hawk , so you know it must be good . You can vault , skitch , swing around poles , collect items , receive powerups , and much more . If you 've been looking for an awesome agressive skating game , this is the game to buy , even though it is fairly expensive .
 The game is fun because , it is just like Tony Hawk 's Pro sk8er 1,2 , & 3 , and i thought these were good this game tops all of them . It is funer because it is more challenging and there is a whole lot more to do before you beat the game .
 There 's a new extreme game in town , and in my opinion it blows Tony Hawk away . Tony Hawk is a great game , but this game ROCKS , HARD !!! Great gameplay and Huge levels , beautiful Graphics and Sounds , what more , I 'll Tell ya , Girls in short Skirts !!!! I love this game , a must have for all Extreme Sport Fans . Thanks Acclaim
 I just played the game and it rocks . i highly recommend it for anyone who loves punk music and skating . the tricks you can do are nasty and the chicks in the game rule ! i played it for 6 hours straight the other day !
 I am NOT into sports game in general and I live for fighting games . but for some reason I am totally into this game . There are a whole bunch of characters and levels and the music is really , really good . Plus you do n't run into skating time limits with the free skate which rocks but you better watch the juice meter . As with most other games , there are small flaws but nothing that I 'm really annoyed with.Overall , Aggressive Inline rocks and is a winner .
 Amazing game . Very impressive.Huge , unbelievable levels with an amazing sense of speed , huge air , polished physics , and a ton of tricks to explore ... , awesome soundtrack , great characters , and you will be entertained.One of the most fun games I have played recently.You can ignore the review from Gamer from Brooklyn , since he did n't actually play the game . I do n't understand why people review games like this if they do n't own it or have n't played it . He must be invested in ATVI or something .
 This game is amazing !!! I loved tony hawk , but this game seems much bigger and the tricks and grabs are much cooler .
 For one million dollars , this game is a bargain .
 I orders this on 12/27/2012 and got here 3 days later it was brand new and i just cant stop enjoying this classic jem i played when i was a kid .
 I purchased this for my grandson for his birthday . He really loves it . He knows the person in it from a show at Cedar Point in our home town .
 very nice game , little bit surreal , but it is fun . ca n't wait for new edition
 A have recentaly bought this game because it is a represenative of my sport . Even though I may be a little bias , this is one of the best games I have ever played . It is well rounded and even if you do n't skate , if you like the extreme sport genre you will love the game .
 I am NOT into sports game in general and I live for fighting games . but for some reason I am totally into this game . There are a whole bunch of characters and levels and the music is really , really good . Plus you do n't run into skating time limits with the free skate which rocks but you better watch the juice meter . As with most other games , there are small flaws but nothing that I 'm really annoyed with.Overall , Aggressive Inline rocks and is a winner .
 Hardcore is the perfect way to describe this game ! It 's fun and exciting ! There 's 9 levels that are all fully detailed . Of course best of all you can play it for hours ! If you love skating and would like to freestyle skate then this is definetly the game for you ! Enjoy !
 This game is quite exciting and if you are definitely a skater fan , buy this . It 's definitely worth the price !
 this game beats tony hawk 3 it is more challenging , it has better graphics , better music , and tricks of course.It has huge levels and 30 + plus objetives in each level.Forget about tony hawk it is aggressive time !
 The gameplay is reminsent of Tony Hawk 3 with some Jet Grind Radio mixed in to add flavor to an already spectacular mix . It controls a lot like tony hawk with some extra tricks such as swinging around poles and wall riding . The wall riding here is more like the wall riding from Jet Grind Radio where you can actually wall ride up to higher ground . The wall riding in AGS is a little more technical to pull off so when you pull off a great combo you really fell like you earned it . You also get your challenges by finding people to talk to , some can be challeges to score within a time limit and others can be photo opertunities . The photo ops freeze frame at the point that you perform the requested trick , but if you do n't land the trick you do n't score and the photographer rags on you for crashing or bailing . Another thing is bailing you can actually land on your feet if you not set to land coming down on the ramp.Overall , Z-Axis has done it again . With great games like Dave Mirra you ca n't go wrong ; gameplay , action , the works . They also know a thing about making levels . Each one is HUGE , and rivals that of Tony Hawk 's . I bought this game yesterday , and I 'm being overwhelmed by the immense amount of challenges and tricks to perform . Just two words to help you in your next game-buying quest . -- BUY IT !
 ok first it 's fun then suddenly you fall off a building and boom!you 're on the street where ... a car hits you blood flying when you land and blood flying from the car hitting you !!!
 I have the demo of this game and I totally fell in love with it . The characters are funny , especially the hip hop clown guy who gives you a mission to do . I was getting tired of Tony Hawk and that other crap . This game seems to be a lot more fun and the moves are pretty easy to do . I would tell anyone who is or is not into these types of games to give this a try since it is definately worth the trouble .
 If you got bored of playing Tony Hawk 3 like I did because you are so darn good at it then you really should take a look at this game . This game has everything that Tony Hawk 3 should have had , massive levels , interesting missions , and lots of tricks . This truly is a extreme sports game , and should not be confused with a game like Jet Grind Radio . If you loved the Tony Hawk series , then buy this game !!
 This game is so awesome it 's hard to describe it in words . With the huge levels great gameplay and insane soundtrack it is a must buy for anyone who has played any extreme sports game to date . I bought as soon as it came out and have n't taken it out of my PS2 yet . I was hoping someone would come out with an inline skating game and finally ACCLAIM has done so . Well I have to get back to playing Aggressive Inline hopefully you buy it and see what i mean .
 When I first got Aggressive Inline I thought it would be another game where you play it for a few weeks then it never gets touched again - IT 'S NOT !!! When I started playing the game I noticed that the levels are HUGE !! Then , I figured out that you could do extreme tricks like skitch onto cars and do vaults and flips . You can also unlock extra levels in the main level . Another thing is you have a juice meter and when that runs out -LRB- when you fall down too much or just do n't do enough tricks -RRB- that level ends . This may sound good , but after a while I would get tired of the level and quit.I though this game was really fun so I give it 4 stars
 For the past 7 years -LRB- or at least I think so -RRB- , I 've been playing too many skateboarding and BMX games on my Dreamcast and been wondering when an aggressive skating game will come out . During those past years , I always thought to myself that maybe they will make an aggressive skating game , because of the uncontrollable hype on BMX , Skateboarding , Snowboarding , and Surfing ... and then it happened . Finally after 7 long years of playing nothing more than BMX , Skateboard , Snowboard , and Surfing games as the only extreme sport games out there , Acclaim , the same creators who gave you Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX 2 for the Gamecube , Xbox , PS2 , and Game Boy Advance , gives us the first aggressive skating game for home consoles entitled Aggressive Inline for the PS2 . And all I got ta say is FINALLY !!! IT 'S ABOUT TIME WE SEE A BLADING GAME !!! I played the game over at a local electronics store from where I live at , and I got ta say , I 'm very impressed . Even skateboarders and people who just hate blading were impressed with the way this game plays . The graphics are nearly perfect . The huge stages look vivid and colorful and the character animations move smoothly , but the 3D models look a little pixelated . But still , it 's looking great ! The audio is amazing . The game 's soundtrack sounds like real music to my ears , with the sounds of punk rock and hip-hop and the sound effects really match the game 's atmosphere . The sounds of grinding , landing , and grunting sound pretty cool . And as always , you get a nice selection of some of the best pro bladers of all time , including some made-up skaters based on Acclaim 's idea like Eito Yasutoko , Chris Edwards and more . As for the gameplay , it rocks . You do n't really get that much game modes , but it 's still enough to satisfy the average gamer . The controls are similar to that of Tony Hawk and mostly Dave Mirra 2 . And that 's a good thing , considering that the Dave Mirra 2 engine helped made the game itself very popular . It 's fun to pull off tricks , but when you start to spin , that 's where the problem starts . Sometimes it 's hard to pull off even the easiest rotations , but that does n't mean that the game itself is bad . At least it made up for it 's graceful controls and wide varieties of tricks . You can still do manuals and try to keep your balance while you grind on rails or ledges . And just like in Dave Mirra 2 on the Career Mode , you 'll still do some numerous missions and talk to other people during play . So in the end , Aggressive Inline is one of the greatest extreme sports games of all time and it truly revolutionized the genre . Sure the game itself has its flaws and the upcoming Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 4 will beat the tar out of this game , but I do n't care ! Just as long as there 's something else to play other than just the same thing all over again . If you wa n't to abandon skateboarding and BMX games for a little while and play somehting different , great games like Aggressive Inline should not remain unplayed . And do n't forget ! This game will also release on the Gamecube , Game Boy Advance , and the Xbox very soon , so everyone will get their hands on the best blading game of all time !
 One of the top 3 extreme sports games . 1st = SSX Tricky , 2nd = THPS , 3rd = Aggressive Inline . Yes , it 's really is that awesome . Vaulting is a great aspect and the levels really are huge.Every true gamer needs AI in their collection . Just do n't let your friends come over until you 've had it for a coiuple of weeks cause you 'll never get a chance to play .
 Just as good maybe better than tony hawk which says a ton ! AI has a very high replay value and a short learning curve especially if you 've played tony hawk . The two are different enough so you do n't feel like you 're playing the same game . I 've worn out tony hawk and picked up AI for a nice break .
 Ever since Z-Axis released Skate or Die -LRB- seems like an eternity ago -RRB- I 've been saying this company knows what it is to make a fun game . And indeed , this time it seems they 've delivered like never before . I 've only seen screen shots of this game so far -LRB- it 's being released exactly 1 week from when this review is written -RRB- , but it looks absolutely dynamite . This game is going to do for Inline Skating what Tony Hawk did for the world of skating 4 years ago . What I do know is it features 10 + incredibly cool and well designed characters , with tons of personality . It has a 60 + framerate and twice the polygon count of Dave Mirra , the closest Extreme Games competition . And apparently the boards are absolutely massive . If that did n't convince you , maybe the killer soundtrack will : `` Wrong Way , '' by Sublime , `` Monday Morning '' and `` Falling For You , '' by Student Rick , `` I 'm A Cloud '' by Boy Hits Car , `` Passing Me By '' by Pharcyde , `` Sell Out , '' by Reel Big Fish , `` Crawling In The Dark , '' by Hoobastank , `` Idea for A Movie , '' by The Vandals , `` Song # 13 , '' by The Ataris , `` The Choice Is Yours , '' by Black Sheep , `` Your Disease , '' by Saliva , and `` Do n't Sweat The Technique , '' by Eric B & Rakim.I wish I knew more about the actual gameplay , but having not played it yet , I can only comment on the buzz , which is really good . People who have played it say it 's just as good if not better than Tony Hawk , Dave Mirra , Shawn Palmer , or any other extreme sport game ... I ca n't wait to pick this one up .
 If you like any of the Tony Hawk series games you 'll love this . you can play as pros , do insane tricks , and skate to a great soundtrack . A must have for anyone who likes inline skating . Hard enough to keep me playing and fun enough to make me want more.Aggressive Inline 2 ? I wish !
 i am a very avid tony hawk game fan but this game takes any pro skater game and beats its face in for hours then dressesit up like lttle boe-peep and sends it down the main street of it 's home town . Why you ask ? let me list why
 Rarely does a game come along that offers all the facets for the family to enjoy together . Regardless of gender the ULTIMATE RIDE COASTER DELUXE has no boundaries . the children and their parents get a chance to compete with each other using all their creativity . Just good oldfashion fun . No combat , no guns , no tanks , no planes . roller coasters . Designed by each player . Track designed by each player . Terrain selected by eack player.Disney interactive has to be applauded for giving us creativeentertainment without the blood and guts of combat and more combat . The sound and visual effects of designing your own roller coaster and taking it on its maiden run are a unique thrill . The choices from coaster , to tracks and tressels , and terrain promise the users to many hours of non duplicated fun . Visually this game has asthetic values that change and are rewarding from design to design.Directions are clear , making the hours spent , hassle free . I envy all who will be taking their first trips on their newly designed roller coasters .
 This roller coaster simulation game has the easiest interface of the roller coaster genre , which allows any user to quickly design and build a high speed roller coaster and ride it within minutes . The game includes over 120 different new and classic theme props to place around your track which adds a unique look to your creations . New Track Pieces and Track Types are more than enough to keep you happy with many inversion and vertical possibilites . The open ended design of the game also allows experienced users to create their own graphic enhancements within the game . Online communities are springing up to support this game , however the best remains the original site . Compete with other designers via the internet and ride and rate each others roller coasters . The graphics are beautiful and are enhanced from the original version , including
 Before you waste your -LSB- money -RSB- on this version go buy the latest version , the Disney Edition . Why ? Because this version has a few annoying bugs that may never get fixed . 1 -RRB- Some MP3 's wo n't play correctly , 2 -RRB- MP3 's wo n't play in test mode -- how are you supposed to build a coaster timed to music ?! I 've brought up these issues on the game site . I highly doubt they will be fixed since it seems the Disney version is the only version being touted now . On the plus side , this game is plain awesome . It makes building coasters a breeze and you 'll be working on your first masterpiece right away . Do n't buy this game unless your sole intention is to build your own coasters . That 's what this game is all about . If you are expecting something else then you 're sadly mistaken -LRB- like some reviewers who gave low ratings -RRB- . I recommend this game -LRB- Disney version -RRB- to any coaster freak who wants to build their own . Also check out No Limits Coaster Simulator -LRB- only available on the web/download -RRB- -- a more serious approach -- the ultimate metal coaster builder . Both are must-haves for a coaster builder or enthusiast . Bunches of coasters online for your pleasure . What are you waiting for ? Get the Disney version .
 This is a Disney 's version of `` Roller Coaster Tycoon '' . The graphics are not as good as RCT but this is still a very good game . The background music is very Disney-like and sounds like it was recorded at one of Disney 's theme parks . Most of the Disney Interactive games are good and this is no exception.Although it does not say it , this game will work with Windows XP Home Edition .
 I 've had the opportunity to preview this product and unquestionably , this follow-up takes the original version to new heights . Along with all the original fixings that graced Ultimate Ride , the Deluxe version includes new track types , like Flying and Standing Coasters , new environments and many exciting new props . Top this off an extended menu of new track pieces which include half-cork screws , tunnels and much more , and your talking about a whole new breed of coaster action . New options have been added , such as turning off collision with the props , which means , coaster tracks can now be placed directly over , under and even through props ! There 's even a the ability to turn on crowd screams . Overall , Ultimate Ride fans will be in heaven , and new recruits are about to take the ride of their life . If only movie sequels were this good . - JC
 This is truly addictive ! Not only are the graphics and options FAR better than any other roller-coaster software , but they dangle a carrot in front of you as well . Once you finish your coaster you upload it to the internet where other members download and ride it and then rate you - all in hopes of winning the coveted title of `` RollerGod '' for that week . In turn , you download their coasters and rate them.I 've experienced some big problems on the website which may have more to do with my internet browser and less to do with the software , but all in all it has been a fun experience .
 finally ... a roller coaster game that where you do n't have to be a `` business major '' to play ! this IS a very enjoyable and rewarding roller coaster game experience -- my son and I are avid roller coaster riders in the ` real ' world and have stood in line at many a day talking about what we would build if we had the chance ! Well , here it is in the ` virtual ' world ! ... neither one of us are `` roller coaster tycoons '' , and almost did n't buy this game because we thought it was just like the others ... now i can say without hesitation it was one of the best -LSB- money -RSB- i ever spent ! ...
 Wow ! what a great coaster gaame . This puts the others to shame . You can build great coasters , design backgrounds , change audio , etc. . The designers thought of everything to make this a must game for Coaster junkies .
 I have roller coaster tycoon gold 3 disk edition and just got the ultimate ride preview and the kids dont have a chance to get their hands on the computer to play them because i am not going to shair it with them . . lol lol , , they love it and it is better for them than some of the blood and guts games that are also my toys but not suitable for their age ,
 I know that it 's not out yet and wo n't be for awile . But I think it will be a breat add on to the game go over to the website -LRB- imagineering.com -RRB- and check out the video and the four new screen shots ! it will be better because now you can mke half loops right and left corkscrews . That means you can make any type of coaster you want . Also with new places and coasters it will be worth every Penny . Can ; t wait til ' April 2nd
 This is fun cause you can never run out of money , supplys and your coster gets rated by disney stars ! -LRB- mickey minnie pluto donald daisy and goofy i love real WDW coasters , so this is the next best thing : -RRB-
 This game is definately the best coaster simulator out there . The interface is very easy to learn and the graphics are excellent . I would recommend this game to anyone .
 If you have been watching the official site for the game ... you know that Hopbell and his crew are putting together an amazing new version of the already classic Ultimate Ride game . You simply must have this game ! It 's the coolest coaster game ever and you can not call yourself a coaster fan without it ! ` Nuff said ?
 You get to devise an infinite array of track combinations for your coasters . The graphics are superior . It has more dimension on a coaster than any other coaster game I 've seen.This is a MUST BUY for any coaster enthusiast !
 I think this is an amazing game , and will be rated very well !
 I beat all of the army men games but this one I waiting to beat this game I would give this a never ending score !
 This game is more fun than army men sarges heros 1 and 2 , army men world war , Army men 2 , army men , army men air attack and army men air tactics .
 Great game . The only army men game where you have to control and build your own base . I picked up the demo on 3do . com and now I am planning to purchase it . I strongly recomend it .
 i even had a great time play 'n the same level
 This is the best Army Men game ever !! the graphics are unbelivable !! The only diffrence from previous games is you are a general instead of onen of the troops !! Great Game !
 Army Men RTS at first seems to be just another addition to the Army Men franchise . However , once the player has delved into this deep fulfilling world created by 3DO and Pandemic Studios , one can not help but compare this title to an onion , constantly revealing new layers of wonder , while making the player cry with enjoyment in knowing that the feast waiting ahead will be greater than the splendor currently in front of them.Andrews has directed this magnum opus with great gusto , and has counterplayed Payne 's and Iarossi 's superlative programming genius with Welch 's undeterring artistic vision . Harding has leveraged the resulting combination to create believable , lush worlds that add to the outstanding gameplay flow.I find the comment below me rather amusing , since it took quite an effort to get this game over a month before release . To just sign off with `` it suxx0rs 3d0 lame '' seems to be an unfair cop-out at what is potentially the best Army Men title I have played . However , the effort of procurement was definitely worth it . I recommend anyone with a vague interest in strategy , or even just wanting a relaxing blast-em-up pick up this title.I will be honestly suprised if this title does n't make many magazines `` Best Of '' awards . I have only one thing to say - Bravo , 3DO , Bravo .
 I had the opportunity to play this game recently and it was GREAT ! Good graphics , good humor , great control , and deep . I played for hours and had a lot of fun , yet barely scratched the surface . Definitley a keeper at this price . I ca n't wait for it to come out to play more .
 I never would have guessed I 'd be spending any time this summer inside playing an army men game , but this one hit the jackpot ! Being in the army myself , I tend to pick these games up . RTS put a whole new spin on our little plastic friends!While some people might not like the idea of building bases , controlling hordes or people -LRB- or vehicles -RRB- and having to worry about money -LRB- plastic/electricity -RRB- , this game puts a whole new spin to it ! Yes , you get to comandeer your own green army at once , yes you need resources and have to build a home base , but you STILL get to slaughter tan armies!With hordes of unlockables , such as Great Battles -LRB- more missions -RRB- , Special Operation missions and 96 intelligence files , this game appeals to gamers of all genres ! This is no renter , either ! As the game progresses and you attempt to master each level and earn medals , it hits home how many hours can be put into this game and makes you really work to beat many levels!Along with the now classics like FFX and GTA 3 , this should be near the top of your gaming shelf !
 This game is one of the best games I have ever played . I just ca n't stop playing it . The characters are funny , the story line is excellent . You fight tans and ants . You team up with little lego men . Make you own army and use it to destroy the tan army . You can make grenade men , bazooka men , rifle men , mortar men , minesweepers , machine-gun men . You can make vechiles like tanks , halftracks , choppers -LRB- best vechile in the game -RRB- , medics , minelayers and `` Dum-dums '' -LRB- little robots carrying explosives . -RRB- Build up your own base with guard towers and pillboxes to protect it from invasion . You start the level with a few men which have names . My favourite character is scorch the flamethrower man . The only problems I have with this game is that you ca n't make flamethrower men and on some levels you ca n't make people . You can call in paratroopers , bombig runs and a giant magnifying glass to melt something . I have already passed it and I keep going back to play it again .
 This game is one of the best Army Men games 3do has come out with but like all 3do games it is a little to short and the levels are a bit to repeatitive.Fighting with sarge and his crew is fun but with an army behind you it 's allot better . This time instead of being just sarge going around winning a war by yourself you get to build an army that helps you win the war.The basic gist of the game is to lead an attack and slowly take a house from tan forces , you start at the front of the lawn . It 's a unique idea like all army men games.One of the biggest draw backs to the game were two things , you only get one camera angle and your guys attack everything and anything they see wether you want them to or not . Everythings seems to go to gether smoothly other than that though.Overall I recommend the game , it 's fun .
 If you like games such as -LRB- War Craft -RRB- , you ` ll LOVE this game , you have the choice of makeing or building Veicals , Men , and Buildings , and collect raw resorces -LRB- Plastic and Batteres -RRB- , you can make Grunts , Grenaders , Snipers , Bazuka Men , Gurd Towers , Pill Boxes , Tanks , Medics , Helicopters , Fencepoasts , Bulldozers , Dumptruks and MORE !! , and you can custimise your VEIW !! ,15 challingeing missions , and if you get a gold rank YOU UNLOCK A NEW MISSION !!! , SO HAVE FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Have n't had a chance to play it yet , but the reviews said it was the best in the series . Therefore , I figured it was going to be a good purchase for the kids - and me .
 its a really cool game - trust me ... . Its on par with the command and conquer series and starcraft . it has all of the usual stuff - units , structures and resources accept that it is a lot more creative . You do n't find plastic in field or a mine or anything dumb like that - you got ta get it from stuff like frisbees and stuff ... If you recognize the house from `` leave it to beaver '' or some other old show-its a coincidence , i guess ? Anyway buy it - you ca n't loose , well ...
 Although Punch King is already being overlooked , it is one of the funnest boxing games I 've ever played . Is it like Punch out ? You bet . Only now it 's enhanced and portable . The signature boxing moves remain , the sound is fantastic and this game 's quite a challenge . I 'm very impressed .
 This game is similar to the old Mike Tyson Punch Out . It 's a little hard at first , but after a while you get the technique down and you can win . Use your jabs a lot , watching your stamina meeter -LRB- green one -RRB- and remember to cover up/dodge the punches when your stamina is low . Save the upper cuts for when you really need to put the opponent away . I scored a KO in the first round once , which is pretty tough to do -LRB- there was 1 second left -RRB- . The computer players have special moves -LRB- while you do n't , just like MTPO -RRB- and you need to cover up or duck from those moves to win against the tougher opponents . It would get 5 stars if there was more depth to the game and the opponents were more real , they look more like cartoon characters than boxers . I also wish they let you pick the type of character you can be -LRB- you are white with green hair -RRB- .
 I bought this game thinking it is going to be just like mike tyson 's punchout for nes . Actually , the gameplay is quite similar , but the main difference is that there is a stamina meter that runs out after a few consecutive punches , which -LSB- is bad -RSB- . However , you 'll hate the game at first , but after you get used to it , it is quite fun and challenging . Oh yeah , the graphics and music I would consider to be average . Overall , it is a descent game .
 I was glad that I got it fast and was a fun game to play.Thank you
 Summary
 The only thing that Turok Evolution for the GBA has in common with its ' console bretheren is the game title , but if you played any other Turok game for the older GameBoy systems than you would have expected that already . This side scrolling surprisingly hard action title is very reminiscent of Neo-Geo 's Metal Slug series of 2-D side scrolling action shooters in terms of gameplay , and the is reminiscent of Konami 's classic Contra series in terms of difficulty and unending onslaught of enemies . You get to pick to play as either Turok or Djunn and go through 20 action packed levels with guns blazing racing towards the end of the level just trying to survive . You 'll come across hordes and hordes of human , alien , and dinosaur enemies ; all of whom will no doubt score plenty of hits against you until you hit them back . The fourth level in each area pits you against a boss and changes the game viewpoint to a semi-first person mode -LRB- similar to arcade shooters like Silent Scope and Time Crisis -RRB- where you must line up crosshairs to defeat some very big bosses . If you can get past the unrelenting difficulty you 'll find some pretty good gameplay with Turok Evolution ; the graphics are pretty well rendered , the sound is standard GBA fare , and the controls are tight . All in all , this is a better game than I thought it would be .
 this is one of the best turok games besides n64.I borrowed it from my friend and I LOVE IT!It has alot of blood and it gets easy.I want to buy it .
 If youve ever played shock troopers , this iz a lot like it . The only thing that iz bad is u have 2 get passwords to save . if u like action games get this
 If youve ever played shock troopers , this iz a lot like it . The only thing that iz bad is u have 2 get passwords to save . if u like action games get this
 my grandkids love this and spent as much time as i let them playing it.i can even get into it with them at times .
 This is a wonderful game to play . My 3 1/2 year old and my 6 year old have both played this game and they love it ! It does take a parent 's help , explanation , and guidance to get them started in the beginning on mastering the controls in order to fly . This being that almost all of the manuvers are made by utilizing various keys on the keyboard , not the mouse . They also need a parent 's help with getting started on each of the various games , but once they get the nack of it ... they have a ball ! I , myself , have played this game and have had a blast ! The graphics on this game are awesome and the games are a lot of fun too . After having this game in our household 6 months now , they have not yet become bored with it !
 Definitely one of the most entertaining games I 've ever seen . My daughter loves this game - and we have many to compare ...
 i collect tinkerbell , this game is great and good for any age !!!
 I JUST WANT TO FIRST STATE THAT THERE IS NO GORE IN THIS GAME . The Gore note up there seems to refer to the animals being twisted into the shapes , but this is never seen happening , and there is no graphic display of mutilation anywhere to be found.I 've waited a long time for a worthy successor to Tetris , and this is it ! Let 's just hope it does n't languish in obscurity , because it 's possibly the best puzzle game I 've ever played.Easy to learn , yet extremely challenging , this is an addictive experience . I lose hours every time I play . Where does the time go ? Into an truly innovative and interactive puzzle game . The action revolves around a cube on which you stack colored shapes -LRB- animals who have been transformed , according to the rather flimsy plot -RRB- , trying to match two of the same kind -LRB- like Noah -RRB- so that they will be `` rescued '' and transported from the playing field . The shapes come from three sides , and by rotating the cube on it 's three axes , you catch & match to rack up a high score . But be careful ! If you allow more than five unmatched shapes to collect on a side , your Zoocube will overheat , and it 's Game Over . The action starts off at a nice pace and moves to a frantic flipping frenzy as you desperately try to keep the rain of shapes at bay.I believe the engine must be fairly deep , as you are always provided with the correct piece in plenty of time - IF you can manipulate your cube to pair it with its partner , which is a lot harder than it sounds.To increase the challenge , you can play in KO mode , where you start with pieces accumulated and must eliminate them ... . but only enough peices are provide to do the job , and you are n't allowed mistakes.And , if you can unlock it , you can play KO Blind , where the pieces are n't colored!What about on Gamecube , you ask ?? As much as I love it , I think the Game Boy Advance version is superior . I think the controls are a little bit easier and a little bit tighter , and while it does n't have the same level of graphics and sound , it 's still impressive and the flow of the game is much improved without the cutscenes .
 Man this game rocks ! It 's Tetris with not just an x-axis that pieces fall down , but a y - and a z-axis that pieces ALSO fall down . These `` pieces '' are in the GBA version colored blocks , or yellow stars , or other shapes and colors - and your job is to rotate the cube so that they fall onto and connect with matching pieces . It seems easy , but man , when those pieces are flying at you from every direction , and you have about 1/2 a second to rotate the cube in every-which-way to connect all of them together in just the right locations , you 'll feel like you 're rotating a rubix cube at lightening speeds , in fury and panic cause you 're about to lose.So that 's the gameplay . The multiplayer feature is cool because it not only lets you * compete * with a friend via GBA link cable , but you can also * cooperate * with your friend . In the latter case , each of you has your own cube , and the screen is split . You work together in this mode to collect points . That 's a great way to promote TEAMWORK to your kids!The controls are difficult to master . That 's because with only 4 arrow keys , up , down , left , and right , how do you rotate your cube in 3D space on all axes ? Sometimes I 'll be playing and while I 'll try to flip the cube up-and-right , I 'll flip it some other direction - because so far I have n't learned all the indicators that tell you which axis you 'll rotate on if you press-which-directional button . I think the difficulty is changeable , however I could be wrong.Although the publisher named this ZooCube -LRB- 1 word -RRB- , some retailers including online retailers spell it in two .
 I took a chance on this game because I love puzzle/stragey type games ... I was NOT disappointed . Had a cute story to it and I found it addictive like tetris . It was hard to move the ark around to the sides I need at times but once you get the hang of it you pretty much ca n't stop playing . I gave this game a rating of 5 because it give me the challenge I wanted and the fact I really enjoyed playing it plus it being addictive made me feel that I did not waste my money on it .
 Let me just start out by saying that this is a highly addictive game . Easy to learn how to play , anybody can pick it up within a matter of seconds , yes , seconds . A simple concept of having to remove shapes from the screen . Shapes are constantly coming in from different sides of the screen , but the Heads Up Display -LRB- a.k.a. HUD -RRB- , makes it easier to know which side they are coming from . The player also has the option of shutting the HUD off . However , the note of Gore for this game is uneeded . I have not yet seen an animal , and infact , the only animal in the game that I have seen , would be the monkey of the front of the box . I suppose , the note is there , because of the concept of animals being twisted into different shapes . But enough about that . The game gets harder as you move on -LRB- which games do n't ? -RRB- , but again , it is a simple concept and anybody can play it . Highly recommended for puzzle and brain game buffs .
 This game is really exciting to play . Its never boring ! The cube is in a continuous motion with shapes coming at you from more than one place -LRB- side -RRB- at a time . I bought it for myself , but my kids love it also ! The only thing that we did n't like is , you do n't know what animal you are freeing ! We have only unlocked 4 of the oceans -LRB- or seas -RRB- . No animals yet . I guess you have to unlock all the oceans to see the animals !! I think there are a total of 8 oceans and seas . Its loads of fun !!!
 I initially bought this game for my nephew . Long after he had moved onto Super Sonic Mario XIII -LRB- or whatever -RRB- , I was still glued to the screen , trying to somehow fit another flying three-dimensional object onto to my Zoocube . Similar to Tetris , somehow this puzzler never gets tiring and I had to buy my own cartridge .
 I do n't know Gameboy Advance well , but we bought the ATV game to amuse us for a while on a trip -LRB- my 6yr old son like the semi-similar snowmobile game at the local arcade -RRB- . The next thing I knew my mother in-law -LRB- aged 74 -RRB- was testing it out ... a little difficult for the 6 year old , but I like it -LRB- aged 43 -RRB- as does my daughter -LRB- aged 11 -RRB- . I think it is a better use of the gameboyadvance than the Harry Potter game or Spongebob -LRB- we own both -RRB- . Bill Hartel
 Finally ! A great racing game for the GBA that you will definitely enjoy . This is by far the best game I own . I love racing games and find the graphics to be crisp and vivid . The option of getting better quads with better traction , speed , and steering is cool because as you progress , your equipment does also . The game allows you to get passwords so that you can start off where you finished and it is really fun and addictive . I played it for about 2 hrs straight after buying it for -LSB- $ -RSB- ! What a bargain ! the steering is very sensitive but you get used to it . It really does become challenging as you progress because you need to qualify to move on . Definite recommendation !
 This game was a gift for my neice who 's 10 . I had it sent to her home which is in another state . I have not been able to see it in person but neither she 0r her father have had anything negative to say about it . It arrived as expected . She is very happy with it . Her friend has already beat all the levels .
 I have never written a review on Amazon before , so I thought I would write one now , because there are not many reviews . First of all , I heard of this game and wanted it for a while . When I was younger , my cousin had this game on her Game Boy Advance . She used to let me play it all the time , I loved it ! I did n't have a GB Advance . A couple years ago , I got a Nintendo DS . I heard that you can play Advance games on the DS . I found this game on Amazon , and got it used for a cheap price . I recently got this game . So far I love it !! It is the same game I remember playing years ago . It is a very fun game . It actually is very tricky . I find it challenging . There are lots of levels , and the game is so addicting . If you want to buy this game , buy it ! Trust me , you will love it ! But , I recommend buying it used like I did . It works fine , and the game is a lot cheaper . I did n't want to spend over a hundred dollars for the game . Anyway , BUY THIS GAME !! FIVE STARS ALL THE WAY !!!
 This game is not worth the price . I will never pay -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars or more for a video game
 well , my dbz legacy of goku is in the mail but i cant wait till it gets here and ive heard great stuff about this game , this name linda halford is not me , i dident want to be a member my name is Ben riley
 This is a awsome game we 've all waited for this a long time one problem is you walk to slow otherwise greatest game !!!
 I do n't know a lot about this game but I 'll tell you what I do know . You start off as Goku . You have health and ki . Ki is the stuff they use to Kamahama 's and stuff . This basically follows everything from the show 'till the Frieza saga . You can shoot Kamahama 's and and other blasts . This is an action/rpg game . You have to build up ki and skills while battling people . I heard they 're making a dbz game for Gamecube and that you cna hook this up to it . I also heard this is the first in a three part installment of dragonballZ games . That 's all I know .
 Its a good game but kind of shortI beat it in 4 hours.You get to fight Nappa , Vegeta , Raditz , Ginyu Force , And all of Friezas forms.like i said its a good game .
 i think that bulma should have been in it more but other than that its my favorite game !!
 Good game for a gameboy . but seeing as this being dbz i would have came out with a x-box , ps2 , gamecube game first . Then the gba verson , and i would not come out with a card game so early , because that what happen with pokemon ; thats what made pokemon jake , thats what made pokemon go down . i say start with this game first then bring in the other , in like a year , but bring out this game first . dbz and dbgt are good shows that are going to go on for along time just dont over play them.thank for hearing me , Vasel19yrs . old
 THIS WAS A VERY GOOD GAME THE GRAPHICS WERE ALSO AWSOME ... THANKS .
 IT 'S A REALLY GOOD GAME ! ITS LIKE THE SNES GAME FROM JAPAN . IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT BUYINY IT , IT `` S A REALLY GOOD IDEA !
 dit spel is leuk om te spellen als je van Dragonball houd , het is een leuk spel , maar toch ook erg moeilijk -LRB- ik zit namelijk vast en kan niet verder -RRB- maar het is de moeite waard . een aanrader voor een dragonball liefhebber . Sjuul .
 perfect game but there are only 2 things wrong .1 Youll beat it in 2 days and 2 it doesnt go up to the buu saga or fusion saga .
 The Legacy of Goku is the best game for Game Boy Advance.You can hold your Kamehameha wave and fire a strong one at your enemies.Even though you die in the game it is still cool .
 okay first of all this game is horribly bad its a good thing i did n't waste my money on such crap.the way i got this game was ... a few weeks ago i traded my freind a crispy cream donut -LRB- i 'm not not kidding ! -RRB- for this game i brought it home the first 2and-a-half days it was all i could play but then i destroyed the purple dude at the end and beat it !!?? allthough i am glad the purple dude destroyed the bald toddler guy -LRB- he 's annoying ! -RRB- days had passed by and i was still denying i traded good but in the end this game was sold for 65cents at my garage sale the reason i gave it ONE star was at least the bald dude gets destroyed . here are the ganme grades SOUND :D + GRAPHICS :D - GAMEPLAY : F PLOT : F - CHARECTERS
 This is , quite simply , the single worst GBA game I 've played , and by a very wide margin . The design is simply terrible , so that everything you do takes several times longer than it should . Your only real hope of getting a game completed in a reasonable amount of time is to memorize every card . You 'll start a round by having both players SLOWLY draw a card . Then your opponent will play a ` Red Habichi Flying Fang ' , with a small , blurry picture of the card art , and its now your time to respond . What in the heck is the card he just played ? Instead of simply telling/showing you what the card does when its played , instead you have to
 this game is not the best dragonball z game that you would play . the game is wicked short and it is so easy to beat the masters of each level . for people who are crazy about dragonball z then this game might be for you but for the other this is a really bad game . the reason i gave it 2 stars is because how the game looks . the sagas are short but they give you all the information about them . in the saiyan saga you have to fight Radzitz by yourself ! other then what I just wrote this game is a looks good but plays ugly kind of game .
 I think you should rent this game because it is really short when you get the hang of it you really only learn 4 attacks Flying , Solor Flair , Ky Blast , punching , and of coarse Kamehamaha . Then you fight several things at the end of the game you battel Frezia .
 This game is worse than stepping in a pile of tacks that have been super heatwd over a pile of live coals . LONG STORY SHORT talk about embarassingly awfull .
 This game rocks . IT pretty much follows the first three saga 's of DBZ . You start out weak but you can get much stronger . To get invincibility you have to fight a enemy that can fire a ki attack . When he 's charging up press R to fly and stay still and let the beam hit you . Go up to the enemy and keep on punching . If you press R again you will get out of invincibility . A is to punch . Do n't press B in invincibility mode . B is to fire ki . Hope this review was helpful .
 I bought this game when it first came out . It is a good game , but it can be improved . I would recommend this game to only BIG DBZ fans who have never missed and episosde and remeber them well -LRB- especially in the Namek Saga -RRB- . Buy this game if you want , DBZ fans .
 this game was good but way to short . it was very easy too ... well once u got the in finite health cheat , -LRB- when entrance music is playing press up , down , left , right , B , A -RRB- .
 DBZ The Legacy of Goku is one of the best RPG 's I 've ever seen . An RPG is kind of like pokemon . You start out on master roshi 's island -LRB- your old time master in martial arts -RRB- for a reunion with your childhood friends . shortly after that your brother raditz comes and the story goes on from their . Now the down points of the game . The game is very very short and easy . I beat this game within 6 hours . It is not so very accurate to the original show . Examples are that you learn the Kamahamaha from king Kai . That is not true because in the real show goku learns it from his grandpa gohan . Another is when you are on snake way you start losing balance and fall off for not apparente reason . Besides that the game has great graphics , nice gameplay , and awesome cut scenes from the show . I recomend this game to all DBZ lovers
 this is a great game that is the most like the real dragonballz show I ever played.it 's a little hard if u do n't get cheats to tell you where to go , but if u do it 's to easy . it 's not very long it will probly take u maybe 4-5 hours but it 's fun while it lasts .
 I bought this game yesterday and i ca n't put it down . i love it but the enemys are to hard , i am at this part in the temple and the temple is huge and complex . i think they over did it in that area , but the music is great : - -RRB-
 I am a HUGE fan of Dragon Ball . And as soon as they release this game , I got one for myself.Here 's my opinion about this game : Pro :1 . Nice Graphic for GBA game .2 . Story Accurate -LRB- Storyline match with the original version of the story -RRB- 3 . Has 4 different attack skill -LRB- 3 with `` KI '' and 1 with barehand -RRB- and Goku says `` Kamehameha '' if you make a pretty big one .4 . Has NPCs who can communicate with main character.Cons :1 . Too easy , I mean , the monster is just stupid . They do n't care where and what you are doing . Even if you throw a `` Kamehameha '' , they just waiting you to come closer before they will get you .2 . Too short !!! It took me 5 hours of playing to finish the game for the very first time . The second time is even faster , as I know what to do .3 . Level MAX is 25 . What 's up with that ???? Even if you want to play anylonger , the game itself wo n't let you gain anymore experience.Conclusion : I think this is a nice and `` MUST-PLAY '' game . As this is the first Dragon Ball game for GBA . If you are not a fanatic Dragon Ball fans who have some extra money , I think you should just rent this game and finish it . Save you $ ...
 You have to buy this game . If you are a DBZ fan you 'll love it !!! even if ur a DB fan you will love it you see all the characters in three different sagas and all the moves too !! It is great
 i preordered this game because i figured that the only stores in my town would be sold out when they came in -LRB- which they were -RRB- and i recieved it the other day . i love this game , it has great graphics and shows many sagas and is a great challenge . you NEED this game !!!
 This game lets you inside the TV show . You play as Gokou from the saiyan saga to the garlic junior saga , I think . You get to do all the thinngs in the show , And some things you 've never seen . Buy this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ...
 This is game is really good , because you get to fight through bosses like the TV show , and become the victor , but this game is incredibly short ! It takes about two days to beat , but two very fun days . If your a DBZ fan its a sure buy , but for hardcore gamers , RENT !
 THIS GAME IS A MUST FOR THE ULTIMATE DBZ FAN!IT GOES FROM THE ARRIVAL OF RADIZT TO FRIEZA.THE BATTLES ARE AMAZING !! ITS A # 1 FOR GBA.YOUVE READ THE BAD REVIEWS BUT DONT BE INTIMIDATED.THIS GAME IS THE BEST.I BOUGHT MY COPY PREORDER BECAUSE THIS GAME IS LIKELY TO SELL OUT.USE GOKUS AMAZING POWERS TO SAVE THE EARTH.THIS GAME IS SO COOL.BECOME GOKU !!!! GET INCREDIBLY STRONG !!! USE EVERYTHING FROM KI BLASTS TO KAMEHAMEHA !!! SAVESHANE 13YRS . OLD
 This game is really good . It is totally awesome . You can only rate it five stars but this deserves 10 . This game is about the whole Frezia saga which is pretty cool . It includes everything from raditz to Frezia . The ending is the best it is a showdown with the evil Frezia . In the game you be goku and travel to all of the places that he went to in the hit tv series . I didnt hesitate to buy this game because i herd that it would be pretty popular . I also hear that new games soch as the cell saga and the Magin boo saga will arrive soon . I am going to get those games too . If you are a big fan of the game you should DEFINATLY BUY IT !
 This is the best game I have ever played . I do n't think I will ever see a better game for such a great system . The graphics are a little weak but the story line is perfect . It covers the sayian and namek sagas , two of my personal favorites . The game uses all of your favorite characters from Goku to Napa . If you are an anime fan you have to buy this game !
 This game was very good and could not be better . If you are looking for a good game then get this one you wo n't be dissapointed . My brother bought it and I thought it would be stupid but it turned out great . The only bad part was that I beat it in four hours .
 This is a very good game to play , but it did n't follow the storyline good . First he learns solar flare from tien and he learns kamehameha from master rosi when he was a boy . besides that the rest of the game was fun . my opnion is that radiz is the hardest guy in the game and the ginyu squad is the easiest guys in the game . The hardest part for me was finding the artifacts . All dragonball z fans should get this game .
 This game stinks , for an RPG like game it sure is short.You can beat the game in less then 5 hours if you really know what to do.This is one of the worst games I have ever played on the gameboy advance .
 I got this game becuase I was looking for Legacy of Goku II , but did n't find it , so I bought this game . I had heard good thngs about it . To make a long story short , you 're Goku in the Saiyan , Ginyu Force , and Freiza Sagas . The game might need a strategy guide or walkthrough at some parts , but you can always figure it out . For the first half of the game , you do good deeds for people like saving a lost girl or getting a kid his toy boat . Another con is that you 're fighting things that Goku usually helps on the show
 I love Dragon Ball Z. I love the show -LRB- I own all 291 episodes . -RRB- I love the manga . I love the other games . I hate Legacy of Goku . It is the worst DBZ game ever , if not the worst game ever . The gameplay was awfull , the combat and energy system , not to mention the flight system , were terrible . Although many people say that it followed the anime well , it did n't . Only the basic plot was followed , the rest was made up for the game . Also , as I 'm sure you 've heard , I hate how dogs and bank robbers can kill you at the beginning of the game . Fortunately , it was n't all flaws . The graphics were actually pretty good , and the game had the feel of the show . Also , it led to the release of more -LRB- and better -RRB- American games . So , I would only recommend this game for die-hard fans , just if you want to say you have every DBZ game . Otherwise , you may want to avoid this one at all cost .
 This game was fun and was accurately like the show including some mini quests.You get to be Goku and work your way up to super saiyan 1 this game is great for all the db collectors .
 THIS IS A TRULY AWESOME GAME!It 's got legth , special techniqes , challenge , great graphics on both movies and gameplay and best of all it has everyones favorite character Goku!I 've got tons of words crushed into this one AWESOME !!!!!
 I 'll admit it , I am a hardcore Dragonball Z -LSB- fan -RSB- . I 've seen all the episodes -LRB- including Dragonball -RRB- and i know everyone 's powerlevel at any given time , which is kind of sad . I was looking forward to buying this game ever since I first got wind of it during the end of 2001 . Just let me say that the graphics are REALLY good . I dont think that they should have made the characters any other way . The big-headed type characters was a great idea . You can clearly see who is who , and they really do resemble the actual characters from the show . They even go so far as to include the clip from the opening of the show -LRB- they dont include the `` Rock the Dragon '' theme though -RRB- . The music is exceptional . It isnt perfect , but it is definitely very good . -LRB- The music that went along with the opening clip from the show REALLY impressed me -RRB- The story line stays very much true to the show , although they only show you what happens to goku -LRB- i.e. they dont show the battle between vegeta + nappa and the other z-fighters , or the battle between vegeta and frieza -RRB- . The downsides to this are mostly that it was WAY too short , although I am sure that is so because the gamepack is probably filled to capacity with the levels , and probably mostly the two video clips they included . The other things i thought could have been included were mabey a few more attacks -LRB- you only get 3 which are `` Ki Blast , '' Solar Flare , and the Kamehameha wave -LRB- respectively -RRB- . They also could have added more enemies , as there are only 7 throughout the whole game . One LAST thing that I noticed is that when you turn Super-Saiyan , your Ki and HP dont improve at all ... not that it really matters because by then you are already powerful enough by far to defeat Frieza , but it would have been more satisfying as it would have truely followed the show . Overall , I think that for DBZ fans , this is a MUST . For gamers who have never heard the name , you may want to spend your money on Golden Sun , as if you have never watched the show , you may be left wondering what the hell is goin on at times . Either way , do n't expect it to be the best game you have ever played . I felt this game deserved about a 3.7 .
 THE GAME IS GREAT.I RECCOMEND THIS GAME TO THE ULTIMATE FAN.GRAPHICS ARE GREAT AND IS A # 1 FOR GBA.YOUVE PROBABLY READ THE BAD REVIEWS , BUT DONT BE INTIMIDATED !!!! THE GAME IS THE BEST.IT GOES THROUGH THE SAIYJIN SAGA TO FRIEZA.THE STORYLINE IS EXACTLY AS THE SHOW.KI BLASTS TO KAMEAMEA WAVE.BECOME GOKU AND SAVE THE WORLD USING AMAZING POWER TO DEFEAT YOUR ENEMYS.EXPLORE GOKUS WORLD AND INTERACT TO EVERYONE FROM MASTER ROSHI TO PICCOLO.BUT YOU HAVE TO BUY THE GAME.BUY IT NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EXPERINCE THE POWER !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SAVE THE WORLD !!!!!!!! ALL IN ONE GAME !!!!!!! ...
 This is the best Dragonballz game yet i Really recommened this game for all fans and none . It follows the show so well its as if your really watching it
 THERE WAS ONLY A FEW PROBLEMS WITH THE GAME BUT ALL THE GOOD STUFF COVERD IT UP . MY ONLY PROBLEM WITH IT WAS 1 . IT NEEDED MORE VILLINS LIKE MOGEN-BUU OR COOLER . 2 . IT NEEDS MORE LENTH . GOKU SHOULD AT LEAST 30 LVELS . 3 . GOKU SHOULD BE A SUPER SAYIN LONGER THAN WHAT HE IS . ALL THE REST OF THE STUFF WAS 5 STAR MATEREEL ...
 This game was great . its easy , but fun . pretty much anyone who enjoys dragon ball z would like it . the graphics are kinda bad but thats the same with most any videogame made in america . leave it up to the japs . and just a hint . goku learned the kamehameha from king kai . and download the freeza saga on dbvortex.com and youll see that cooler is the one who kills krillen and they wish him back .
 This long awaited DBZ game is great . I love it . Its short but it was still exciting . It was even betta than the show itself . you start out at level 1 but train hard and you 'll be at level 25 the most powerfulest you can get.This game is a must have for DBZ fans . You get to defeat Raditz and vegeta and all those losers , and train under king kai himself . But hwy did n't they include the spirit bomb as one of goku 's attacks . that sucked , but it did n't change the game in any way .
 I REALLY LOVE THE GAME EXCEOOT FOR A FEW PARTS.THE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING SO IS THE SOUND AND STORY.BUT ITS KINDA TO SHORT AND TOO FRUSTRATING.BUT OVERALL ITS STILL A GOOD GAME .
 This game is ... uh ... . EASY ! Definately for the less advanced gamer.I woud n't recomend it for anyone over nine , but no younger than six.The graphics are ok and it sticks very close to the TV show.If your older than nine and this game seems appealing , rent it first or buy it second hand . I enjoyed it alot and I found more commendable than condemning materal in it . ` hope my review was helpful !
 get this game this game has everything you could with for its so cool if i were you id get this game because it has pretty good graphics and outstanding gameplay is everything you could want in a game this game is the bomb !
 get this game this game has everything you could with for its so cool if i were you id get this game because it has pretty good graphics and outstanding gameplay is everything you could want in a game this game is the bomb !
 I played this game once.The story begins on Master Roshi 's Island finding his magazines , then Raditz comes and takes Gohan.Then , you travel through a forest into a small town.A wiseman tells you there are disturbances in the town.After that you go face Raditz.Then comes Snake Way and HFIL -LRB- home for infinite losers -RRB- . Then to King Kai 's Planet.Then more tasks then Nappa and Vegeta.Then Namek then Freiza .
 well this game is really exciting and has lots of quests like 198 quests this game has outstanding graphics and gameplay this game is top notch ! Get it now before sale ends !
 Dragon Ball Z hits it big time with the first DBZ game in years ! The gameplay is fantastic and the graphics are great , but it just is a little too short ! If you wish to have an awesome DBZ game and do n't mind it being short , you should definitly get this game ! In this game you fight your evil brother Raditz , Nappa , Vegeta , the Ginyu Force , the 4 forms of Frieza and more with powerful punching abilities , Ki blasts , the Solar Flare technique , and the mighty Kamehameha Wave ! You meet many of your friends like Bulma , Krillin , Gohan , Master Roshi , and more!You should definitly try this game !
 I have looked high and low for this title . After many searches I finally found it . However after three hours and many deaths I was done . The game was beat . 3 hours . For an RPG that is to short , -LSB- heck -RSB- it takes me longer to beat something Legends of Wrestling or Contra.This particular game starts off with one -LSB- heck -RSB- of a bang . When you are first loading up they included -LRB- granted a little grainy and not with the origional music -RRB- the intro to Dragon Ball Z. From there you jump right into the game.THe game starts at the beggining of Raditz and goes all the way through Frieza . YOu start off tehnically at level 2 -LRB- After the first meaningless task -RRB- before you do any fighting . After Raditz shows up and kidnapps Gohan you are off to save him . However you arrive at your house and walk all the way there . YOu help out people and eventually learn the Solar Flare attack when you finally face off against Raditz . From there on it 's just a matter of winning and than going to the afterlife.I wo n't continue that because people who play this probably know the story line . However I do n't remember GOku on his way to Raditz picking flowers for a little girl , or getting a Dinosaurs Egg back.The tasks are fairly meaningles but they get you EXP and sometimes increase your speed -LRB- which is needed -RRB- . You collect flight charges in order to fly . Also many characters make cameo appearences and just tlaking to them gets you 500 exp.Boss battles are the most disapointing . They are all the same . Once you learn Solar Flare -LRB- and that is just before facing Raditz -RRB- all boss battles are cake walks . Charge up SOlar flare slightly than charge up Ki Blast or Kamahmaha to at least 50 % than release . Keep up that pattern and move around objects and you are guarenteed to win every time . SOme times they shoot at you but most times they wait to get in close range and than punch you.WHich brings me to the next point , Damage control . There is no way to tell how badly you are damaging your foes . Granted small things like snakes and squirles goe down in a single shot but from the crab on you have no way of knowing how badly you are damaging your foe . YOu may kill a foe in single punch one time than the next it takes 12 hits . I am seriouse that is the way it is.However the game does very closly follow the key points of the story . The only change was at the end with Frieza -LRB- in the show he faces frieza level 4 in the game you face all 4 forms -RRB- . Beyond that you do get little clips at certain moments -LRB- like arriving on King Kais place or off to face Raditz -RRB- . The music is also well done and they even included GOku yelling out KAmahamaha when he does the attack at least 50 % . For a die hard Dragon Ball Z Fan this is a god send however for the average gamer this is a renter , to easy for novices but to hard for little ones .
 I loved this game it was pretty close to the actual shows story line with just a few variations . My main let down was that I beat the game in only 2 days . And the highest level you can reach is 25 . I feel that if there had been more quest and higher levels to obtain it would have been much better . I hope they make a new one that contains stuff from after freeza 's death but make it so you can go super sayian . So in all if you like DBZ you will like this game but it will be easy to beat .
 This is a great game ! It is a must have for all game boy advanced owners ! Not just DBZ lovers ! It covers the saiyin saga -LRB- when you fight vegeta , Nappa and Raditz -RRB- the ginyu saga -LRB- when you are on planet namek and fight the ginyu force -RRB- and the Frieza saga -LRB- when you fight Freiza -RRB- . When you fight frieza you turn super saiyin . Every thing that happens in the show happens in this game . You have the Ki blast , solar flare , and kamahamaha . You get to increase your Hp and Ki along the way . Buy this game !
 Legacy of goku is my all time fave game.Its cool cause its fun and hard at the same time and you can beat it more than twice and it still is fun .
 Most AWESOME DBZ game yet !!! I have played them all , even the Japanese games . Trust me , this one is the best .
 I got this game a while ago and its really good . I think I almost beat it . People who say they beat it in a few hours or even days are either lying or REALLY GOOD . l is change through ki blast , solar flare and kamehameha beams . r is fly -LRB- you get more fly time the more levels you grow . -RRB- a is punch . b is use enrgy attacks . 25 is the highest level you can grow to . dont worry , you start with 6 fly -LRB- wich is really short -RRB- but end on level 25 with 99 fly -LRB- wich is super long . -RRB- you might wan na look at cheatplanet.com for cheats for this game.PS . please tell me how to get through the church in Namek .
 In some ways it 's cool , only if your an atack and run away kind of guy . I 'm a DBZ fan and the point of you learning the Kamahamaha move from king ki is a joke . But if you want to get it just because the name is cool go on ahead . But then again I liked because I put 4 stars , I think . Buy it , if you want .
 This game was for my brother 's birthday . He got this game durning the summer . I kept wanting to play with it but it was not what i had expected . I said is n't he supposed to be fighting the enemies or something . My brother told me he will just wait . I played it until the area he was going to fight Vegeta and i had beaten Raditz . Napper was as easy as anything that you could be finished with in a second . To beat him fast you got to be at least at level 15 9 or 10 . But for vegeta you have to be higher . You will have been doing some training in King Kai 's place . There you will have to catch Gregoria and bubble 's . Then you will go to vegeta . Gohan , Krillan , and Piccolo will be ther and tell you that they tried to hold them bothoff until you came . After you beat both napper and vegeta you will be given some training in an area to let you go to the ginyu force . I neveer fought them . Then you could get to level 24 or 25 to be a super saiyan when you fight frieza . That 's all I am going to tell you . Gooooood Luuuuuuuuuucccck !
 You guys do n't know what you are talking about . In dragonball Grandfather Gohan -LRB- the person who found him when goku sent from his home planet vegita -RRB- taught goku the kamehameha wave . Because in one episode goku mentioned he usually trained with his grandfather . so his grandfather is the one who taught him the kamehamahe wave .
 The game was awesome even if I did beat it a couple times I could play it over and over I loved this game , magical ... You should make another one of these , ... awesome
 As a hardcore DBZ fan -LRB- Dubbed and Japanese versions -RRB- this is a beauty of a game . It closely follows the first DBZ sagas from The Sayain saga - The Freeza saga . Only true DBZ fans will have what it takes to help Goku relize his legacy .
 how do I beat the wolves on level 4 ? PS . write a review with answers :-RRB- :] : -RCB-
 This game is short but great . it took me a day to beat but it is very fun . I recomend that when you get to freiza save then beat him so that you can do the best part of the game over and over as many times as you want . i hope my review was helpful , bye
 When I first saw this game in a store I thought it was so cool that their was finally a DBZ game for GBA . This turned out to be a major disappointment . In the beginning you are really weak and are easily killed by wild animals . In the show , Goku is making fools out of giants before he is 13 . Also , I do n't know why they made it so short . I beat it in less than a week , even though I did n't play very much . You do n't learn many moves and you learn them in the wrong order , in incorrect places . The only good thing is the graphics and the storyline . Overall , if you are n't a picky gamer , and do n't mind something short , you might like this game .
 i like this game cause it 's hard and it 's a challeng .
 Let me say I 've all most beaten every game in my home , but this game is tough , but fun.To the people looking for a fun , but challenging , game , I recomend this to you.Sighned , Annonamous
 my name is kyle carson from Snohomish W.A this is a good game for kids and a fun game for me i watch dbz all the time and never miss a epasode and i have played this game 6 times and still am not tired of it the begining is kinda hard because you keep on dieing . But when you get into the namek saga it gets harder and harder if you dont fight captin Ginu at lvl -LRB- 25 -RRB- it is kinda hopless fighting freeza . get this game it is a cool game . .
 this game is really cool . the first level is easy all of the other levels are hard . i think other kids will like this game .
 Well if you are a true DBZ fan you have been waiting for a game like this forever . Yes it is a little to short but how often to you get a game that follows the story line of the actual show . Yes take it for granite that certian parts are clearly bogus -LRB- like dogs , snake and dinos can kill goku -RRB- but you have to admit there fun and amusing to keep your attention untill you beat FREIZA at the very end while your a super sayian ! So I give this game 5 stars for being true to the story and being a fun gaming experience !
 when i first saw this game i bought it . It is a very cool game and it will keep you entertained , but not for very long . this game is very short . But it is a fun game because you get to battle Raditz , Nappa , Vegeta , Frieza and some other people . I would reccomend this game to anybody who likes Dragon ball Z
 The game was a little too short and there should have been more playable characters but the graphics were very good . I liked the music and I had a lot of fun playing this game and I highly recommend this game to players of any age above 5 .
 The very first DBZ handheld game is making itself look good . Even though the graphics and video clips look awesome , the game is short , however , also very fun and challenging . You can hear Goku yell `` Kamehameha '' if you charge it up enough . The Saiyan saga is pretty easy , the Namek saga is very hard , and the Freiza saga is kinda challenging . It would be better if it was longer and harder , but this is what we end up with . Do n't get me wrong , it 's a great game , it just could have used some improvments .
 I PLayed DBZ games and they are good so i played this one and it sucks It is costly The Fighting are cheap and finding your lost math book !! 1 WTF !! that has nothing to do with DBZ !!!!! Frezia Is VERRRRYYYY easy to kill And Your Enemys are stronger than freiza By the way you enemys are impossabe to kill.Dont play this game it sucked more than the Crappy Commerical
 i got this game along with my gameboy advance handheld system form my brother . . and i loved it . . i do n't know what the problem is with most of the reviewers . They are totally unfair with this game . they lable this game as tough . . super tough ... well , i can tell you that it is not so ... it may seem so but you can not just expect to kill all the baddies without putting some effort into it . you will have to start with small fishes i.e.the snakes and squirrels to gain experience and increase your level . after putting time into it , the game will open upto most gamers . . this game is rpg for christ 's sake ... not contra . . you have to develop the characters ... this is a lot like zelda . . if you do n't like zelda you probably wo n't like this game ... now overallgameplay-4 starsgraphics-5 starssound-4 starsi have one disappointment . . they could have included more moves . . he is only limited to three moves . . also the other reviewers talk about mster roshi teaching the kamehameha move to goku and the game not being true to the show ... that is true ... King kai should have taught him the kai-en-kai technique -LRB- ... -RRB- that particular move should have been included but i do n't know what the developers were thinking not including it in the game since it is the most cool move in the series ... well for those looking for a solid looking rpg it 's definately worth a buy ... if you are looking for the typical hack 'n' slash or shotting continuous hordes of baddies like contra this may not be your cup of tea ...
 This game stunk with a Capital S ! I mean I had waited 4 whole stinkin ' months just to buy it . But the minute it came to stores -LRB- May/15/02 -RRB- , I was so darn stupid ... I maid the biggest mistake of my life ... `` Buying DragonballZ Legacy of Goku ! '' I knew I should have rented it first , to see how good it was before I bought it , like I always do , but , noooooo ! I had to be so UnSelf-Controlled and was anxious to buy it in a beat of a heart ! I mean I ca n't even beat the 2nd level . But what I do know , is that Goku dose n't go around saving cats from trees , and finding little lost children in forests . And the King Kai did n't teach him the Kamehameha Wave , Master Roshi did . Duh ! Every DragonballZ fan should know that . -LRB- My 5 year old cousin knows that ! -RRB- They give you 5 seconds to fly and your done . And when you do the Kamehameha Wave , two beams and your finish . I 've got cheat codes for level select , infinite health , waves , and flying , and character select . Better , but still , this game is a bunch of DOG CRAP ! Normally , Atari games are the top video game companies , but this game is a discrace to sociaty ! Do n't buy , touch , even rent , this game . Get Dragonball Z Legacy of Goku 2 or wait for Dragonball Z Budokai 2 coming in December . But always remember , `` TRY A GAME FIRST , BEFORE BUYING !!!!!! '' See YA !
 This game was way too short , I think we can all agree on that , and at sometimes a little TOO different from the show -LRB- like when you go get flowers for this little boy to give to his crush , or when you have to collect tree saplings on Namek . Still , this game is fun , for the short time until you beat it . It goes from the daiyan saga , when Raditz kidnaps Gohan to the Frieza saga . The end is kind of suspenseful , but at least they are coming out with a legacy of goku 2 -LRB- YIPPEE !! -RRB- .
 this is a cool game but way too short and it 's real easy too beat you should be able to beat it in less than 2 days but you should buy it too see how it is !
 I got this game for Christmas , and i beat it a day later . Then when I played it a second time , I beat it in an hour . Other than that , its really fun . You play as Goku through the Saiyan Saga to the Frieza Saga . Hopefully DBZ Legacy of Goku 2
 this a a pretty good game . i borowed it from a friend . the only 3 flaws i could find are you cannt kick , only too short , and no multiplayer . it is a fun game . the game itself is hard , and most people say they beat it in 8 hours are lying . i played it 5 hrs total and got not even half way
 I think the game is awesome.I am a DBZ fan and this is a realy cool game . The graphics are good and the attacks are cool.When i saw this game was for GBA i boght a GBA and DBZ : Legacy of Goku was the first game i got.I would pay -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for a game like this.Keep up the good work on making these kinds of games .
 The graphics of this game reminded me a bit of the Pok&eacute;mon games -- not the major selling point . But the amount of characters you come across I thought was very cool . Tien , Roshi , Yamcha , and more . In the game you can fight in only the Saiyan , Namek , Ginyu and Frieza sagas . In other words its short . Under 10 hours . If the game went at least to the Androids saga it would be a must buy . That 's really the only problem . The different areas you go to are fun to explore , and all the side quests are great.Over all I 'd give it a 7 out of 10
 legacy of goku is probably the best rpg for gba i 've seen.at first it takes time to get to the good part , but the game later makes up for that . of course you play as goku the so called greatest warrior in the universe -LRB- i like vegeta better -RRB- and you learn three energy blast ki blast , kamehameha and teins signiture move solar flare .
 itas a great game but i cant get the third artifact and thats the only hard part . otherwise its a great game .
 This Game is really , really fun.you shoud really Buy it , it is so fun .
 This game rocks ! I 've played it and totaly follows the episods.From the sayjin saga all the way to the freeza saga ! any dbz fan has to by it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Yo this game is the bomb yo it rules you got to get it even if you dont like dbz its a rpg and like final fantasy in a way k now here is a cheat just walk in front of a enemy who can shoot ki blasts and when he shoots fly -LRB- hit the l buttob0 just stay in one spot and let them hit u now you are invinceable just puch them til there dead see ya jim
 This game is really cool if you are a TRUE fan of DBZ thick and thin . In the game , you play as Goku , the legendary super-saiyan . -LRB- Ok i just said that to make it sound proffessional , lol -RRB- Your son Gohan is kidnapped by your brother Raditz at the beginning of the fame and you have to go and rescue him . You start at level 1 -LRB- your power level / fighting skill -RRB- The training part gets boring after a while but you 'll need to be strong to defeat Raditz . In the end , you 'll have to take on Freiza . This game offers three special moves -LRB- as far as i know -RRB- that are Ki Blast , Solar Flare , and Kamehameha wave . If you love DBZ , I strongly recommend this game .
 this is a fun game but a little on the hard side for the younger gamer . also its short . but ya kno there is another game comin out ! soon , i dont kno wen , but soon . i do recommend buyin this game if you r a dbz fan and , if youre not ! enjoy ; -RRB-
 I bought a Game Boy Advance a month after I bought this game , but my 12-yr-old plays DBZ non-stop so I ca n't try it . It has to be good . She was stuck in the Namek temple for a time , but she tends to short-cut as much as possible which she found out not to do after I found a zine with cheats in it . Chibi Vegeta looks sooo cool -- too bad one ca n't play as The Prince -LRB- grrr . -RRB- Looks like it will be loads of fun -LRB- once I find a new game to distract her with so I can play it . -RRB- She orders things about -LRB- tells things to get away from her -RRB- so I have a clue to what 's going on -LRB- the wolves are tough until one learns how to beat them -RRB- . It seems to follow the show so no big mystery beyond what gets cut to fit the story into the game timeline .
 I got this game when it came out , and I still ca n't put it down ! The graphics are excellent , and it has scenes from the show . I beat it in a day , but it is still fun . I play it everyday . If you are a DBZ fan , or even if you 're not , buy this game .
 Great game ! If you are a fan of this tv show then you will love this game . Players get to play as Goku through the Saiyan , Namek , Captain Ginyu , and Frieza sagas . You get to interact with over 75 caracters . Many events that happened in the show happens also in The Legacy of Goku , such as Goku gets killed by Piccolo and is revived by the dragon balls and Vegeta turns into a huge ape and his tail is cut off by Yajorobi . Even if you are not a fan , you will enjoy this game since it is action packed and has a great story line -LRB- I am on the Namek saga right now -RRB- .
 I got this game a little after it came out , and it took me about 6 hours to beat . This is a good game , a little short , but a good game . I gave it 4 stars because you ca n't move sideways , it is short , and it does n't follow the show story-line . The story does n't really matter thou , just if it is a good game or not , so I 'm not going to pick it to death . You only play as Goku , but that 's okay , you can turn into a Super Saiyan when you are fighting Freiza . I have n't played any other DBZ games , so I thought this was pretty good . Over all it is a good game , I would recomend getting it .
 This is a great game but the thing wrong is you move to slowly they should have added a running feature I 've wiated a long time for a american DBZ game hope you will like it as much as me
 This is the game to get if you like punching , blasting attacks , and adventure.This game has a lot of thinking to do , but is great and you can beat your enemies with ease just by doing this trick . -LRB- If the enemy is firing Ki Blasts at you , just fly and get hit and you will be come invisible . -RRB- The point is that it is the best of the best !
 This is the best DBZ game I 've ever played ! The graphics are the best that I have ever seen on Game Boy Advance . EVERYONE -LRB- not just DBZ fans -RRB- will love this game !!!
 I love Dragonball Z , and i know good Dragonball Z games when i see one . This games looks awesome and it is awesome except for ONE HUGE PROBLEM !! i beat -LRB- you could to -RRB- in about 4 hours ! this is good to buy if u feel like playing it over and over again , but the first time you play it it is awesome !
 DBZ ... arguably the best show on television ! But the question is will this new GBA game be held up to the same standards ? I say yes ... despite the fact Bulma 's in it ... ! Amazing graphics ! Actual power level control and fight scenes ! This live-action game is released May 15 , 2002 . My only complaint is the `` E '' rating ... ! We all know that DBZ uncut is , so , PG-13 ! Oh well ! No matter ... I give this game 5 out of a possible 5 !
 All of the people who have said they have played are well lying ... . I on the other hand am writing this reviews based on what I know ... I think this game looks awesome I think that the graphics easliy rival golden sun . You start off as Goku , then your sayian bro Raditz kidnaps Gohan , You fight vegeta and so on and so on ! Well I hope more people buy this cool looking game !
 I bought this Dragon Ball Z video for an 8 year old . It was an excellent purchase . The child spends hours playingwith it . I would recommend the video highly . It isaction-packed and easy to use for a child . The game is a worthypurchase as a gift . It is well-worth the $ price .
 From what little i got to play it is great i only got to play for like 1 minute but it was cooooool.I 'm getting it as soon as it is in stock at stores this game goes like a flash i have not been really into DBZ for long but this game has sparked a great deal of itnrest in DBZ .
 i think it could be better , for instance it sould go all the way to the buu saga not just the frieza saga and i looked at the pic 's and it looks like you cant do big power moves . i have played the com . verson and it has the z warriors travel with you it sould be like that .
 I believe everyone should get this game for it is fun .
 An Action/RPG game first brought out for the Japanese Super Famicon -LRB- SNES -RRB- named Legend of the Super Saiyan.The game tells the story of Goku going through the same way he did in the TV shows , fighting Nappa , Vegita and ending up finishing the game with an almighty battle against Frieza . The best thing is the variations , if you keep most of your team alive against Napp and Vegita , they come with you to Namek and help out there!The fighting is awesome using its unique card system to select what attacks you do , this in itself should take some time to master -LRB- especially on the SNES version when played in Japanese -RRB- . Although you can download an English version of the SNES game from the net , I recommend you buy this as come on , portal Dragon Ball Z!Their is a submenu where you get to check your EXP , Level , Power , Ki and attacks , showing you which characters are stronger than others etc.Their are two faults with the game , the first is that at certain stages in the game they stop you from leveling up any further to prevent you from defeating the boss too easily and the second is the lack of a multiplayer option . Being able to fight your mates with you as Goku and them as Vegita wold have made this a five starer , but still , four is amazing and so is this game .
 This is the best game I played ever since Super Mario 1 for nintendo . Some people say this is the worst but if you a dragonball Z fan this is the best game for you ...
 i cant wait till i get this game ive been waiting for it for a while , its in the mail , it seems like a prettey awsome game the way ive heard of it so , im hoping it will , i think if their are any other DBZ fans which i am , im a very big fan of the show.i would probaly give 5 stars for this game ive seen snapshots it seems to have very good graphics for a gba , and i think it will have a good storyline , what ive heard is that it is the best game for gba , i cant wait till it here cya !
 This game is cool but I ca n't wait cheat code come out !!
 This game i s alright it just is kinda short you know . But it is the first one released in the U.S. besides all the Japenese ones on computer and playstation but all in all I liked it it was really good while it lasted .
 If this game is anything like Dragonball Z
 Technicaly this is just like the dragonball z game for SNES and goes along with the story
 I loved the show , infact the z crow were my heros , but now I live for DB , DBZ , DBG.T. , DBA.F.And as soon as I see it in my mailbox I plan on playing it for 48 hours strait -LRB- or if I beat it first , witch I do n't think so -RRB- Long Review short , This will be The BEST GAME I ' V EVER PLAYED !!!
 i THOUT YOU CAN GET UP TO BOO OR CELL BUT ONLY FREEZA SO IM LIKE A SUPER BIG FAN OF DRAGON BALL Z AND YOU CAN ONLY GET UP TO FREEZA .
 When I was playing Dragon Ball Z
 It is cool with all the Energy Blast and explosives .
 I was glad to finally see a good BDZ title come out back when this game was released . For a DBZ fan the game has great play and is pretty fun . Jeff , why the name bombshell ? Keep making you reviews . I would say anybody getting into DBZ should pick this one up and enjoy . Do not forget to get the other great titles that followed . Legacy 2 and buu 's fury . The first GT game is out now , but I have yet to try it .
 ok im a big DBZ fan and the game is very fun . but if i was to rate it by the tv series this game -LSB- is bad -RSB- . none of it is true really . only get the game if to feel in the gaps if you did n't watch Dragon Ball and the saga of DBZ .
 the legend goes ... he who joins together the dragon balls is offered one wish , I wish this was better . Goku has lost his son and must get him back . find and destroy raditz . then in battle you get sent to the after life where you need to find some fat guy . after that your wished back to earth to fight vegeta and nappa . Why ? after that you go to namek to fight frieza . where ? it three times shorter than it seems . unless your a dbz fan you 'll never understand whats going on . if your not obsessed with dbz you 'll find it too short and bad battle or transportation -LRB- you have to cross miles on bare foot -RRB- . Otherwise buy it . I 'm a big dbz fan but p-u
 This game is really cool.You get to play through three different sagas as goku and you learn three different ki attacks.Your job is to help the humans , nameks , and defeat all of the siayns.You can only reach 25 levels and the game is really easy and short , otherwise it 's a really great game .
 if you like dbz you should buy it . play as Goku . moves like ki blast and sloar frier . cool . you will like it . villans like Raddiz , nappa and frizea , vegta and more . vist amazon.com for more info .
 Before I begin , I just want to state that I bought the 2 game pak that had The Legacy of Goku I & II on the same game pak but I 'm reviewing them separately.Dragon Ball Z
 well , my dbz legacy of goku is in the mail but i cant wait till it gets here and ive heard great stuff about this game ...
 great game it has a great story line some draw backs are you can only go SSL1 at end and it is short but other than that it is the best game -LRB- i hope they make a legacy of Gohan game -RRB- and i hope you can have a multie player option along with some twist to the story -LRB- if youve seen the show youn can get through it easier -RRB- so it throughs you off a some some point and some more attacks -LRB- and more people to play as in multie player but not in the story -RRB-
 the best game none better good graphics little short but good i recomend you buy it as soon as posible
 this game gets a 0 out of 5 stars but its not optional . i watched my best friend beat this game in 30 minutes and i beat it myself in 1 hour without any help . this game is not worth buying for 40 bucks . i 'd much rather get sonic . get a game called Golden Sun . one of the best games ever made . personally i have beaten it a total of 5 times but im at level 46 right now . figure it out when u get it ;-RRB- u can get to level 99 but u stop learning new abilities at level 54 . they are making a sequel so i am seeing and experimenting with it a little bit so im getting to the highest level i possibly can :-RRB- anyway legacy of goku is TOTALLY not your game . the music is so corny it kept me awake for about 3 hours cause it got stuck in my head . Golden Sun has hard puzzles that took me a month to beat -LRB- got stuck a few times and didnt play it for a while -RRB- get Golden Sun not Legacy of Goku . hope this helps u save some of your work time along with your money : -RRB-
 I do n't care if this is short I still love it!I do n't care what other people say but I really like this game !
 i am a HUGE dbz fan , and when this game came out i thought i had to buy it because i was a dbz fan , and that it was a game a dbz fan could not be without.when i got the game home i had mixed emotions about it , the liffespan of the game is very poor , you could complete the game in a day easy . everything else about the game however was great , grpahics , characters and attacks . nice idea , but the game would be a whole lot better if it traveled thorugh every saga , but what do u expect ...
 I love DBZ ! ... This game is so cool ! ... There are three sagas , including the Radiks saga , the ginyu saga , and the frieza saga.All three are almost completely identical to the show.There are all kinds of energy beams . This game is wicked cool ! ... This is a must have game for the gameboy advance ! The graphics are n't exactly perfect , but they 're pretty rad ! ...
 Just as described , my son was very happy with this product when he opened the package . Well worth the money .
 This is the absolutly best game ive ever playedYou start out on master roshies Island and ratitz kidnaps gohanthen goku and piccolo team up . They go and find ratitz and literaly kicks his -LSB- REAR -RSB- . -LSB- Rear -RSB- picolo dont help the player any until the computer takes over.Then you travel snakeway and journey to King Kies planet and train with him . after you complete his tests he teaches you the kame ha me ha wave . Then you travel back to Earth and fight the sayans Vegeeta and Napa . Goku Loses against Vegeeta and the camputer takes over and gohan beats the krap out of him . Then you journey to the planet namek and fight the ginu force and frieza but when you fight frieza after you defeat the ginu force you transform into a SUPER SAYEN and fight him . When You win the Game is over . Even though the game does not follow the story line that good It is still the best game ive ever played so I give it 5 stars out of 5
 WORST GAME EVER DO NOT BUY IT OR ELSE ... GAMEPLAY 1Graphics 2Story 1Fun 1Overal 1 Terrible
 GOKU THE STRONGEST MAN THAT EVER LIVED KILLED FREIZA KILLED LOTS OF BADDIES THEN CAME THE SNAKE GOKU DOES A SUPER KICK AND DIES THE SNAKE IS THE NEW CHAMPIAN DONT GET THIS GAME !!!!
 It 's a really good game . You have to do a favor for an old wizard . You have to return the cat before you do a favor for him . It is a really hard game . Your quest is to save Namek from Frieza . You have to defeat all of the Ginyu force at the same time . When a person falls down , that 's when you know that they 're dead . When you fight the wolves all you should say is I am dead . You only get to play as Goku .
 I ca n't say Dragonball Z Legacy of Goku is best game I 've played , but more like the WORST !!! I mean , It 's so out of order . For instance , does Goku spend time finding lost children and animals . NO ! He keeps the Earth safe from enemies like Vegeta , Raditz , Nappa , Frieza , and the Ginyu force . He has no such time for such little stuff like that . He also does n't have time to stop bank robberies . Another complaint , they give you such like flying time . Oh , and did Goku learn the Kamehameha Wave from King Kai . NO ! Master Roshi -LRB- The Turtle Hermit -RRB- , taught him it . King Kai taught him the Kaio Ken/Spirit Bomb . The graphics are n't bad , but can be better ... BUT , the thing I hate most is , you only can play Goku . `` Goku , Goku , darn that GOKU !!! '' What about Krillin and Gohan and I guess , fat Yajorobie . If it was n't for them , Vegeta would have been destroyed Earth and everyone in it . But anyway , here 's the results : Graphics - 4/5Weapons - 2/5Number of players - 5/5Overall levels - 3/5Overall gameplay - 2/5Enemies - 0/5I do n't recommend this game . BUT , get DBZ Budokai ! It 's better !
 This game was good but WAY to short . I liked the little sidequests but Captain Ginyu never does his Body Change move and when you talk to him before killing the Ginyu Squad he just talks about poses . Overall I 'd give it 3 stars .
 On this game I got to level 99 that is the real max.My cheat ; this only works when you are fighting a person that can use energy blasts . When you 're in battle hit fly . Wait for an energy blast then you will be on the ground if you have your sound on 100 power it will sound like you 're still flying , and when the opponent attacks you , you well get 0 damage , none , zip , and it wo n't take any fly points , and you can attack . It is a really fun game , but it is to short .
 First of all , this game is not a GBA adaptation of any of the original Japanese NES/SNES/GB games . This game 's been developed in the United States by Infogrames and it 's totally NEW !! It 's an RPG/Adventure game with fighting elements ... It follows the storyline of Dragonball Z from the arrival of Raditz up to the last moment in the battle of Super Saiyan Goku vs. Frieza . I preordered this game just in case it 's gon na be as popular as they predict , and here at Amazon , it 's -LSB- less money -RSB- than anywhere else !! And there 's lots to look forward to ! The DBZ CCG is coming to GBA as well as a GameCube/PS2/Xbox version of a DBZ Adventure game ... And that 's not all ! The Legacy of Goku is the first in a series of three games ! the other two will cover the Cell Saga and Majin Buu Saga ! This is a must have for any Dragonball Z , Anim&eacute; , or RPG lover !
 Dragonball Z
 I preordered this title because im a big fan of Dragonball Z. . . I didnt even have a GBA at the time so if that tells you anything :-RRB- This game is basically a redo of the Super Famicom game but it is great in its own right . You start out as Goku who has to rescue his son Gohan from his evil saiyan brother Radditz ... You begin by fighting low level forest animals ... wolfs , snakes , giant crabs , while then moving up to bigger opponents such as dinosuars in the beginning until you confront Radditz . You have a basic Ki blast attack to start with then you learn more advanced attacks such as solar flare , Kamehameha wave etc. . There are interesting side quests that you have to complete to kind of detour you a little which makes the game that much more interesting . This installment bascially gets you from where Goku and the rest of the Z fighters have to battle the saiyans up until the mighty battle with frieza . All in all well worth your money and I cant wait for the next DBZ game for the GBA to come out , I gave it 4 stars because there is no multiplayer option ... . it would have been great to battle or play with friends . Also trust me and check out Tactic 's Ogre for the -LRB- GBA -RRB- another great title .
 When I played this game on the SNES in Japan I was blown away . I hav n't even seen anything about this game accept 2 screen shots , and a review that totally described the SNES version . The thing is that it can be exactly like the TV show , but does n't have to be . I mean by doing a few hings in a different order you can have it exactly like the show . -LRB- SPOILER -RRB- If you keep Vegita alive during the Frieza Fight , at the end after the credits you will play as SS Goku against SS Vejita . It is amazing with Goku 's Kamehameha and Vejita 's Final Flash . WOW !
 This is an awesome DBZ game that takes Goku all the way through the Frieza saga . U get to fight Frieza in all his stages , Raditz , Nappa , Vegita , and the Ginyu Squad . U start at level 1 and can work ur way up to level 25 . There are 3 energy attacks
 A suberb game the garphice are excellent and the story line is pretty much like the snes game . you can go to a trainer to either gain money or raise your ki and you start off looking for gohan and fighting raditz . it ends when your goku and you turn supersaiyan and defeat freiza . if you are looking forward to the gamecube version then buy this one as you will be able to unlock loads of stuff like hidden chacters with this game .
 Well . . this is an action/rpg game . . this is like the same as the snes game called Legend of the Super Saiyan.The game involves Goku going through the same life as the tv shows . . he will goto snake way etc.most of the game is an action , rpg styleThe raising ki and hp thing is like raising your level , power and magic . . so this game will take a fair bit of time . . this is a little portion of the game.Protector of the City I am the Great Saiyaman !!
 ... Personaly ... I LOVE DBZ !!! This is an exellent game . The music comes from the actual show wich should be an ear opener to many fans . The beautiful and amzing graphics make me want to leap 1,000 feet into the air . This is a must buy for anyone who is looking for a great buy . The game is cut off into three sagas wich come from the show . Along the way are side quest wich allow you to build up your abillities . Overall , even if you aren `` t a fan of the show or previous games ... YOU MUST BUY THIS AMAZING AND EXCELLENT GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this game because I was really little when I first saw DBZ and I dont remeber any of it ... of course I was a complete and total idiot because I did n't know they were showing all of the sagas again ... I 'm usually quite bad at these games , but it took me 4 hours 10 min . to complete the game ... with doing all of the quests they threw in . The basic story line is that you are Goku . You can fly and you can send out ki blasts , but the problem with flying is that you have to find these items to permit you to fly . Another problem is that you die SO easily at the begining , a wolf can kill you . You have to fight your enemies to grow levals and become more powerful . I have two hints get up to leval 11 before you fight Raditz and get up to the final leval -LRB- 25 -RRB- before you fight the Ginyu Force . You do n't have to , but it is MUCH easier to win that way . Well , Its an ok game because it is too short and they added in too much crap .
 This game cosely follows the movie better than any game I 've played but there are some improvements that could of been made . First of all its to short , the levels and bosse are easy , and they could 've made more levels.For the levels they could 've of made the levels more maze like but the rooftop , kamino , and paths of geonosis are fine.They might 've been able to add a level where you have to make it to padme befor she gets poisened plus it would 've been better if they made a level when you have to survive the three beast.But it is a fun game and is worth playing and I like to start a new game and see how long it takes to beat it and did I mention that theres no limit to how many games you can save .
 This is a very fun action Adventure game and is full of challenging obstacles . I have n't yet beat this game but I love it . Its full of excitement that any star wars fanatic would enjoy or for any person who is just wants another game to add to there collection . This is the game to have .
 star wars episode 2 attack of the clones was a awesome movie a classic the best of the best the greatest movie in the world and the attack of the clones game is just as good buy this game if your a huge star wars fan you wont be sorry
 I love this game ! It has been a while since they made such a good game ! Especially the space battles ! It is fun to fly in a spaceship ! Entertainment for a long time ! Let me explain . I have had this game for a few days and I almost need some more batteries !!!!!!! I had a lot of fun ! I am so glad they made this game ! BUT it is not worth one hundred and twenty dollars ! But if you want to spend that much on a game , fine with me . Overall I LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have n't had the plesure of playing this game yet , because i do n't have a game boy advanced nor a gamecube or gameboy player . But i think it would be an awesome game to play . they should 've made a ps2 version .
 MY GRANDSON REALLY ENJOYS THIS . AND THE PRICE WAS RIGHT ! WHAT MORE COULD ANYONE WANT ?
 This is a must have game!If you like action , BUY THIS NOW BEFORE THERE ALL GONE .
 amzingly good i say go buy it put it on your christmas list or your birthdaylist it is amazing go and get it
 First of all , If you are a Star Wars Fan such as myself you will really like this game . It stays true to the movie and is very enjoyable . For those of you who are not a star wars fan , the game is still worth checking out because of a few interesting gameplay elements that I will talk about later.GAMEPLAY - -LRB- 7 -RRB- The main goal of this game is to move across the screen defeating enemies ... The Gameplay can be split up into a few elementsA -RRB- Lightsaber-This is one of the best parts of the game . Using the lightsaber is easy ... one button is used to deflect and another is used to swing . There are also different button combinations that provide simple but enjoyable swing combos . The one problem with the lightsaber action is the fact that you can not swing the saber just standing still ... You have to move in the direction you want to swing . Other than that , the lightsaber is fun to useB -RRB- Force Powers-The force powers available depend upon your force meter . As it goes up from collecting force balls , you are able to perform moves in this order -- Force Jump -LRB- starting -RRB- , Push , Super Push ... These moves are all useful and the Jump is always available after waiting a sec for the meter to fill up automatically to the jump force ability . These powers are useful against multiple enemies but a wasted on a single one . The jump is always fun to use.C -RRB- 3D Ship Levels-These consist of flying a vehicle on a pseudo 3d level . Its fun , but alas ... you never really know what the objective is so it 's kind of confusing . But , it does help break up the game nicely so it does n't feel repetitive.Problems With Gameplay -- First , the no running is a shame but is easily fixed if you just jump everywhere . The lack of purpose on the 3d levels is disappointing , and sometimes the lightsaber will just not go where you want it to . However , these are just small minuses.GRAPHICS - -LRB- 9 -RRB- - This is one of the areas where the game shines . The 2d graphic characters are very detailed , and the effects are pretty good . The 3d levels are nice but look a bit grainy ... for the gameboy , however , they look nice . The backgrounds are colorful and varied , and the different enemies are very interesting . Just do n't get too excited and begin comparing it to playstation games because it is not . For the gameboy , the graphics are very good.Problems with graphics-The only real problem is the grainyness on the 3d levels and the no-shadow characters . This makes the characters look like they are just pasted on the backrounds but it still does not distract too muchSOUND - -LRB- 10 -RRB- - OkaY , there is no doubt that this game 's sound is great . The opening theme is wonderful , and each level has music that pays homage to the movies . Although the music gets repetitive at points , it is still amazing for the gameboy.CONTROLS - -LRB- 7 -RRB- - The controls are very interesting , giving a separate button to swinging the lightsaber and blocking laser bullets . This makes it easier , but sometimes you forget and get shot because of it . Jumping is strange just because you dont always jump where you want to.Problems with controls-The jumping can be hazardous but thankfully there is not an emphasis on platform jumping . If you were able to jump where you wanted to all the time it would greatly increase the score in this section . As for the lightsaber , the only real problem is the occasional instance of facing the wrong way while swinging , but sometimes you hit things behind you like in the movies.CUTSCENES - -LRB- 9 -RRB- - I decided to keep this seperate from the graphics section just because when I heard about this game the whole movie scene thing got me really excited and I thought it deserves its own section . So , the cutscenes are presented before each level and are in the form of still shots from the movie . THESE SHOTS ARE ACTUAL MOVIE SHOTS AND IT SHOWS . They look very nice and please do n't complain about them not moving because that would be a portable movie system , not game system . So , these still screens have text at the bottom explaining the scene . However , there is no music which was dissapointing . I would have liked -LRB- MOVIE SPOILER -RRB- to hear the love theme during the ending movie still or some of that cool music during the chase scene stills . -LRB- END SPOILER -RRB- Problems with Cutscenes-The Only problem is the lack of music , which would have really added to the feel of these scenes . I would have even raised the whole score of my review a point if there had been music during these scenes . However , the scenes are still a vital part of the gaming experience and are done well enough.All in all , the Game is a very solid Star Wars title
 this game is great ! it has good graphics and it is filled with detail ! the 3 modes are great , including lightsaber battle , space battle , and speed racing ! i recomend this game a lot !
 If you would like to play the game , I think you have to have a little batting practice first because you have to hit a lot of guys with a light saber . The player you will be at the beginning of the game is Anakin . Now you may think it is easy when you beat the first guy but then it turns double . The first time I played it I had no idea what to do but then I found out what to do . The second level I did n't get passed it but I took a couple of trys and I almost beat it but I did n't . Hope you like this game . It 's really awesome !
 This game is very fun . I would buy it if you are a star wars fan . This game includes being 2 people ankin ? and obi 1 , racing , fightin , blocking , easy controls , very fun .
 Star Wars Episode 2
 This game to me could have been better . It definately could use a save button . The enemies are pretty easy to beat except there are so many of them.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes Star Wars.And if you get a lot of time to play your game.I do like this game quite a bit . The levels are pretty good -LRB- graphics and gameplay -RRB- and pretty hard to beat . I would rate the hardness of this game at 4 1/2 stars . I also like how they organized the levels . Including 3 flying levels and 8 Ground levels . But you only get to use Mace Windu once .
 This Game is great the first time I played it I like died 20 times trying to beat the first level and this game definitely takes some time getting use to the graphics are awesome the Characters look real the levels are sweet the game play is awesome and it 's soo coooool ! the opening Star Wars theme is awesome it 's the actual orchestra ! and the screen shots are awesome too ! the only draw backs for me areI WANTED TO PLAY AS YODA !!!!!!! I wish the had parts of the movie playing in the game.Dooku is too easy to beat.but I wo n't let these draw backs bring down my rating thegame is AWESOME !
 When i first saw the game was more less a side-scrolling game i was quite dissapointed but decided to buy it anyways , after a few hours of trying out the amzing game I was blown away by the sound quality , graphics , and even the side-scrolling part of the game , on top of all that it also has 3 3D levels , which take you in the cockpit of a jedi starfighter flying through an astroid field in persuit of jengo fett , chasing Count Dooku to the hagner before engaging in a lightsaber duel with him and racing through coruscant attempting to apprehend Zam Weissel . To me this would be a 5 star game is it was not too short , 11 levels is all you get .
 First of all the music is by the John Williams Band , which is nothing short of amazing . The side scrolling levels are fun even if you are 3D game fan , I 'm one too . If you loved the movie , at least try the game . It stays true to the movie and there are photos from the movie also . The 3D action is extrordinary.The game really pushes GBA 's abilities to the limit . I also think some people may agree with me in saying that I hope Star Wars , Episode 2 will also have a game for PS2 , X-Box , and Gamecube .
 Have you been waiting for the perfect Star Wars experience on the GBA ? Wait no longer , for Star Wars
 Star Wars atack of the clones is the best game ever it is a must need for any star wars fan . Even if your not a star wars fan you 'll still love it . You can be Mace Windu , Annakin Skywalker or Obi Wan Kneobi . The levels are hard but not impossible . The funnest thing is using your light saber . This is a must have for anyone !!!!!
 Both a fan of STAR WARS and GameBoy Advance , when I got this game I was enthralled , it 's so awesome ! The controls are good , and the levels are entertaining and expertley-done . For people who like these games , you 'll find this one is great fun . The only complaint is that the graphics should have been a bit better . But apart from that it 's a reallty fun and exciting game . This is one of the most impressive GBA releases . I highly reccomend this one to any gaming fan and SW enthusiast.GRAPHICS
 Attack of the Clones has easy controlls and very helpful force powers . There are bosses in it , unlike other games . It has great graphics and there are plenty of enemies . I highly recommend it !
 this game is okay because its fun when u get it bu after awile it gets boring.Graphics
 THIS BOY GROWED TO DARK SIDE AND HIS NAME WAS ANAKIN SKYWALKER . TURNS TO DARK SIDE QUICK . ON EPISODE 3 SO BUY IT BECUASE IS A FUN GAME HAVE A NICE DAY !!!
 THIS IS A GAME THATS KIND OF HORROR GAME THAT GONIN TO BE TO THE BOMB SO EPISODE 3 AND 2 MADE MADNESS COME TO ANAKIN SKYWALKER BUY THE GAME FOR ME ALL .
 this game is really really fun . I enjoy that it has 3 skill levels and 3 modes of gameplay .
 Star Wars Episode II
 Has anyone thought about bringing Star Wars Episode 1
 This is a fun game . I , ve never played it , but it looks fun .
 The movie will be the best one yet , so the game will be very awesome . No doubt about it !
 I bought my Game Boy Advance with the intention of getting Episode II
 amazing !!!!!!! you have no idea how good this game is . you have so much control over your lightsaber the side scrolling is fun , at least i thought and im a fan of 3d . the three modes are great.i loved being able to play as 3 different characters ; windo , kanobi , and skywalker . you can fight droids and a boss at the same time . graphics and sound are great . buy it if you do n't like star wars you will still like the game if you did not like the episode 2 movie then do n't get the game . but i loved it buy it !!!! it was amazing !!!! the makers of this game definately used the force !!!
 This game is a pretty cool game because There is 11 levels play as Mace Windu , Obi Wan Kenobi , and Anakin Skywalker . I would rate the gameplay about 6 1/2 the graphics about a 8 for the Gameboy Advance . I beat the game in about 3 days but I still Play it The bad part about this game is it is very repetive but it is still pretty fun .
 Really not a 4 star but a 3.5 star . It has some good gameplay , but having to write down all those passwords is hard . In one of the levels my GBA went crazy and everything got screwed up ! Other than that its an ok game .
 This game is great.The graphics are awsome but the game is a littel short.There is only 11 stages and you can beat count dooko with simple combos . The game is hard but you will have lots of fun with it .
 it is really cool to see the game with a lot of jedi fighting and cool lightsabers
 I bought this game for my 3 year old son and he can not stop playing it . He loves it.Space Race features such lovable characters as Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck , Yosemite Sam , Taz , Sylvester , and Wile E. Coyote.The game also has events in which players can pummel opponents with gags like the portable blackhole , an instant storm , falling elephants and a retractable boxing glove . The pace and the graphics of the game are very good.The great thing about the game is that if you are a parent and want to spend time with your kid -LRB- s -RRB- now you can because it supports a multiplayer mode .
 This game is very good . The graphics are pretty good and the music is also . The controls are easy and there are so many tracks to choose from ! This game is a must for first-time gamers who do n't like really bloody games .
 I would have given this game 5 stars but it did n't have the Road Runner and it could have better graphics . Still my 4 year old son loves it and we enjoy playing it a lot . In easy mode is really easy and even he can win races . I like it because is not one of thos impossible to play games with 900 levels of which unless you are a big time gamer you 'll only get to see 2 of them .
 To start , its made by THQ -LRB- # 1 gaming company -RRB- . I bought the Gameboy Advance for the sole purpose of getting this game , believe it or not . This game is extremely fun . And it follows the storylines of the movie . I highly recommend it . Not one to miss . : - -RRB-
 Fans of the Hey Arnold movie wo n't be disappointed ! It follows the plot very well and actually had a decent amount of playing time . On different levels you can play as Arnold , Gerald , Grandpa , and Grandma . I 've even heard there 's a code that lets you play as Helga . The dialogue between the levels is just like watching parts of the movie . The graphics are crisp and clear , and the characters look really good . I have to say that I 'm impressed by the final result of this game because so often in the past games based on movies were n't that great . Hey Arnold ! The Movie 's plot plays out just as the movie did , so you can almost anticipate what the next level will consist of . In my opinion this is a fun game for both kids and adults , especially if you are a fan . I found the game to be pretty simple for the most part , but some of the `` bosses '' actually did prove to be a challenge at times . But the game moves along smoothly , which gives you a pleasant gaming experience rather than a frustrating one . No fan should be without this one !
 This game bored me to death im lucky to be alive . Forget the other reviews please trust me it is boring . It cheated me out of my money . ALWAYS rent before buy .
 I bought this game for my child and we both play it ! I love Hey Arnold ! I miss the good ol' cartoons !
 This game is pretty hard , but the service was excellent . Fast shipping and the product was in mint condition .
 This is the best ! It was like my first game and my favorite !
 Yo , Hey Arnold , the Movie is off the heezay.There is so much do to like playing with Arnold , Gerald , Grandma and grandpa . There are 5 areas and 4 levels in each area . There is boss at every end of the level . I am hooked on it and you fa sho will be hooked too , if you buy this game . This game is just the right length and great graphics . GO GET THIS !!!!!!!!!!!
 I JUST RECIEVED THIS GAME REAL EARLY FROM A PERSON I KNOW AND I THINK IT IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED . EVEN BETTER THAN ATV OFFROAD FURY .
 Well , this game is by far the best dirtbiking game out there , no doubt about it ! You Get to choose from Yamaha , Honda , Kawasaki , KTM , and Suzukie ! How cool is that , you actually get real name bikes , But wait ... . it 's better , They even look like the 2002 models :-RRB- And you can also choose a yz250f , yz426f , or a crf450r , isnt that cool ! But anywaz , enough about the bikes , lets get to the game . The controls are awsome , very easy to pick up on , and it handles like a real bike ! Now , they could have done a little better on the tracks for out door , it 's kinda hard to make all the jumps cause some of them are kinda far , but if you get the pre load right you 'll make it , And the new Freestyle Career mode is awsome , it 's alot of fun but still a challange ! The freestyle track are awsome , and you have plenty to choose from ! Well I guess that sums it up , Yep , it does ! so please take my advise and buy this game !
 This is the best game ever . The graphics are good the gameplay is awesome . This is not a game that you will get bored after a couple of weeks . Bottom line it is a great game so go buy it .
 This game is tight.You get all the manufactuers like kawasaki , honda , suzuki , KTM , yamaha.The graphics are cool.It is so realistic.To sum it all up buy the game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have the X box version of this game and it is great . However finding one that is made for PS2 , that will actually load and play is another story . I wrote to THQ with no response from support . Tried this game on 4 different playstations , it froze in the same place each time . Probably why it is out of circulation . The fun rating I gave it was for the X box version . graphics and game play are great , I just prefer PS2.Great motocross game , lots of fun ... addicting ... just be careful buying one for PS2 .
 I was amused by the review who said this game is too realistic . It is , maybe they want the bikes to fly . My wife grew up around motocross tracks and I grew up racing on them . We love this game . The freestyle is fun , but the racing is perfect . I 've ridden most of the bikes in the game and they behave exactly as they do in the game . I can remember the days when a RM400 could n't make it over those hills . And now the 250s buzz over them . Were giving this game as christmas presents to everybody so we can race . Plus we have a 2 month lead on playing this game , hey hey . So our neices , nephews and grandchildren better watch out . Were oldies -LRB- 30s and 40s -RRB- . Car games like Need for Speed is to fast for us but this game is perfect . It even gave me respect for the guys who do Supercross . I never figured that those loose dirt turns were like ice . Were even planning vacations to some of the tracks to go watch .
 `` Hey come on THQ '' let 's at least speed things up !! anyway do n't get me wrong not a bad game `` BUT '' if you like the first one you 'll probably like this one !! me personally , I 'm not wasteing my money , nice graphics , realistic riders , bikes and tracks but , did you ever see Ricky Carmichael do backflips ? and I 'm not just talking about only one , maybe ywo or three in a row , fun to play around a little but too slow and boring , It 's the same old thing ! anyhow enough with the low blows , if you 're a new kid on the block this game is brilliant !! but for all you motor heads Freekstyle is -LSB- great -RSB- man !! trust me . let me close this by saying one thing WORD OF WARNING ! it 's better to spend a few bucks and rent these games , then to gamble fifty dollars and be taken .
 Superfly MX is an awesome game ! I played it for less than an hour and I was hooked !! Freestyle mode rips !! I guarentee you will like this game . It has loads of action in it.I recommend this game for all ages .
 This is the best game ever . All the bikes look like the 2002 models . Great quality and awesome .
 I rented this game twice and i 'm still not impressed , it is `` Borrrrring '' , still the same never changes ! Too realistic and jumping is like in slow motion , backflips dull , graphics very good , stearing -LSB- is bad -RSB- too stiff , going up hill like you 're in reverse , and not enough speed boost , need I say more !! anyway if your a maniac about racing like myself I suggest you rent it before you buy it !!! if you want to play an awesome game try FREEKSTYLE , now this game kicks some SERIOUS BUTT ! and the fun never becomes undone ! I give MX Superfly a big thumbs down . Like I said before great graphics and realism but anyone who gets bored real fast stay far away from this one it 's a sequel to the first one .
 This is one of the best games , and dont stop reading just because other people say the same thing . This is a great , and strategiclly a big step for the GBA System . One great thing is that the things likes graphics are really good because they had the time to make them good because the game isnt like an rpg . Let me tell you about the actual game now . One major reason i got this game is because i thought it would be a mix between an rpg and a CCG , but i was deffinately wrong , which isnt exactly a bad thing . I have never played this game in real life making it a bit hard to pick up at first , but its like riding a bike you dont forget what to do , and its easy to learn WHAT to do . There is not walking around , but is rather like mortal combat in the way you progress , almost exactly . ou go from level to level up to five which is cell , and hes a wench , let me tell you . Great game card wise , you can choose out of four players in the beggining , goku , gohan , freiza , garlicJR . You get others by beating the game with one person , then you unlock another . You play exactly like the card game , but its better because it has infinate possibilities . The main reason i got this is because you can keep playing and playing and not get bored because there are many diff . card possibilities . Great game i highly recommend it , fact is im going to go play it .
 This game is really good . You get to use the collectible DBZ trading cards on GBA . You get to battle all of the people of the game on tv . This game and the Legacy of goku make great gifts .
 This game was great ! It gets a little annoying with the length of it though . With some characters beating others is very frustrating because they have advantages and you do n't . What it needs is some cheats so that you can be able to have more than 75 cards in a deck or win a character straight away or take away their advantages and disallow cell to cheat himself or something like that . ...
 I know Dragonball Z and i also know that this game is a keeper . Based on the real collectable Draognball Z cards by Score Entertainment . THis game lets you build your own deck from all the cards and even secert cards only on Gameboy Advanced . THis game is a keeper . IF U LISTEN TOM ME ON ONE THING I SAY , LET IT BE THIS
 this game is easy to follow after youved played it all day.sometimes it takes to long to finish a match . what u do is u play other people from dbz and every time u beat um u get a booster pack -LRB- 10 cards -RRB- . When you beat cell u get a new caracter . the caracter u get depends on who u were when u beat cell .
 this game is the 2nd best game i know of -LRB- dbz the legacy of Goku is the best -RRB- all you people say is golecer sun -LRB- of a biitch -RRB- this and that well fvck the F in golerF in sun or whatever it is
 this is an awsome game that i love to play . you should play this game .
 If you do n't think this -LRB- or anything else related to dragonball z for that matter -RRB- is just freakin ' awasome you need to get your head checked . Oh and infogrames if your reading this let me just say you guys are making super nintendo drop to its knees way to go .
 This game is worth getting if you like card games or DBZ , and especially if you like them both . As a CCG , the game has a lot of depth . There are many tactics you can go for and many custom decks for you to design . You win a booster pack after defeating each of your opponents , and it 's just as fun to see what cards you 've won as it is to rip open a booster pack in real life . The AI is n't stupid , and your first few losses to any opponent serve as a great learning experience both in terms of tactics for you to use yourself and in how to tailor your deck to minimize their strengths and take advantage of their weaknesses . This is not an - easy - game by any means , but I do n't think anyone with any sort of attention span will chuck it in frustration.As for the negatives , there are several . The manual is horribly unclear , use it only for a reference . Dive right in - the interface is complex , and you may get frustrated with it at first , but keep at it . The game moves slowly , I 'm assuming because it takes time to access the card library and AI tactics , but that should n't damage your enjoyment at all . The graphics are very good , but the music is confined to one particular section of the cartoon 's theme song that seems to be on endless loop . No matter , save your batteries and listen to something else while you play.If you 're looking for an action game based in the DBZ universe , this is n't it , the matches can be quite long , especially as you start dealing with advanced tactics . But if CCGs appeal to you , or you 're just a Dragonball Z freak , this game is a keeper .
 Goku gives you NailNail gives you GuldoGuldo gives you KrillinGohan gives you TrunksGarlic Jr. gives you Piccolo -LRB- hero and villain cards -RRB- Frieza gives you King ColdKing Cold gives you Vegeta -LRB- hero and villain cards -RRB- You start out with Garlic Jr. , Frieza , Goku , and Gohan . Hope these were helpful .
 I love this game and like the pokemon one its actually like the actual card game . but i have to agree with A GAMER that there needs to be a dbz game with a storyline something where you can start out with little power and work you way up to supersayagin levels with super attacks and feirce battles .
 this game i still rate it good because bottom line its a good game the graphics are great but its hard i went through the tuturial and it still seemed that much harder but after playing against the first person i got how to play -LRB- dont read the manual it doesnt help it just wast time and confuses you -RRB- i still havent got to the 2nd level but i beet the 1st guyif you are on a short trip i recomend not getting into more than 1 round they are kinda long if on a long trip just play till your about there and than finish the mach or play till your bored of it then i recomend the legacy of Goku
 I got this game and didnt even know how to play the DBZ Card game . The tutorial is short and the instructions booklet does kinda leave off and not go into depth but once u when a few times and get to higher levels it gets more interesting and easyer to play . Parents if you are going to give this game as a present your the kid is like 12 or under I strongly advise you to recinsider , it is more for older kids because of the difficaulty level . By the way if someone wants to win so bad that they have to get cheats then you shouldnt even be playing the game .
 i think i 'm one of the few dbz fans who does n't particiapate in the card game . i had tryed the pokemon one before , but did n't really enjoy it . however this game i like.it 's obviously the card game on a gba . same rules and all the same cards it says . all the card have very nice graphics of whats on them , although you have to click view to see what 's written on them . the rules are easy to get down , the instruction manual can be a bit complicated , but a tuturial is included on the cart . you have complete control of what cards you include in your deck , and you can have 3 custom decks for each of the heros or villans available . after each victory you earn a booster pack that adds card to your collection.overall the game is easy to learn , but hard to master as they say . there are many ways to win , from simply killing your oponnent , to raising your anger to a personality victory . i have never been into card games , but this is a very enjoyable and rather deep game .
 I just got this yesterday.The game is o.k and you get a free promo card , but there is too much thinking.There 's no fighting or action , but using cards.But the game is long and that is why I gave it 4 stars .
 At the arcade in Tahoe I stand at the Golden Axe game for hours and shovel in quarters to keep playing . The levels are very cool , with excellent graphics and stunnig gameplay . In each progressing level the baddies develop and are stronger . Even the creatures that many of them ride on get stronger . Evolving from a lizard that wips it 's tail to a dragon that breaths fire to a different dragon that shoots fireballs out of its mouth and so on . If you hit the baddie mounted on one of these and they fall of , you can get up on the creature and use it against the baddies . The game is even more fun when you play in 2 player mode . Its so much fun watching your partners back and comunnicating plans to your partner . There are bosses after every level who get harder and harder as the game progresses , but they are not to hard to overcome , expecially if you have a fireball spitting dragon on your side . There are 3 characters to choose from , and all of them have there own fighting style and magical weapons . The magical weapons can be used once per player a level and basical kill all of the opponents in the screen ; in the super powerful bosses case , the magical weapon only damages them . All of the baddies have different weapons and fighting strategies , and as the game progresses they require more and more hits to kill them . The game has great graphics and I can not wait to see them on the Gameboy Advance . You will find that you will do better with one of the characters , everybody is different , based on they 're strategy . Most people , I find , select the beautiful woman , because of her tremendous looks to go with her quickness . She makes the game just that more exciting and fun to play over and over again . After all would n't you rather select a babe in a bikini over a fat viking ? And do n't worry all you ladies out there . There is a tall man with no shirt to please you . Everybody who plays this game will be hooked at the start . I also find thatonce you overcome the first level , the game is about twice as fun , so do n't get discouraged when you ca n't beat the first level when you first start playing . This is possibly the funnest game I have ever played , and hopefully they make a good 2 player gameplay mode . I can not wait to be the first one to own this cartrige on my block and show it off to all my friends . You should do the same . Just go and rent it if you do n't believe how fun this game is , you will learn .
 This game is going to be the best game for GBA ever . I would buy it even if it only had Golden Axe . Golden Axe is the greatest arcade game . I shovel out my quarters at arcades to play it . It is a side-scroller in which you are a guy with a weapon and you basically hack at anyone you see . It is so much fun , I ca n't wait til it comes out . I played Ecco a long time ago and I remmember my self enjoying it . I have never played Sonic Spinball , but I have seen people play it and it looks fun . Hey , who does n't like a good old game of pinball ?! This is a must buy when it comes out . Like I said before
 Sega Smash Pack from THQ is looking great on the Game Boy Advance . The three Sega Genesis classics that will be playable in this game are Ecco the Dolphin , Sonic Spinball , and Golden Axe . All of these games have been perfectly ported , they have n't been altered or cut short in any way what so ever.In Ecco the Dolphin , there are many other dolphins trapped in paradise . Your main job is avoid all dangerous marine life while using Ecco 's speed , sonar , and mammal-like instincts to rescue the fellow dolphins and save the marine world.Golden Axe is a side scrolling action game with three different modes of play
 Tisk Tisk I thought better when I heard of this game but the games on this cartridge really really stink . Sonic spinball was all right but Golden ax and ecco are n't that great so dont waste your money go buy DOOM on the GBA .
 I think the game stinks cause there 's nothin good on it and I gave it a 2 cause it has Sonic
 The Sega Smashpack is a must have for any Game Boy Advance owner , in my opinion . It features three great games from the Genesis library . In all honesty , I 've never been the biggest Ecco the Dolphin fan , but the game 's sales speaks for itself . Many people have played this Genesis classic for years and years . Sonic Spinball takes the Genesis mascot -LRB- Sonic the Hedgehog -RRB- and throws him into a new kind of game , while still keeping some of the classic Sonic feel . Part side-scrolling adventure and part pinball , Sonic Spinball is a great game that has tons of replayability . My personal favorite entry on the Smashpack has to be Golden Axe . There was a time when video games were simple . You did n't need a Hi-Def big screen TV and online play to enjoy them . All you need is a side-scrolling ` Beat 'Em Up ' ... and this one is one of the best the Genesis offered . Great control , sound , and high replay factor make this game worth 10 or 15 bucks alone in my opinion . So , to wrap it up , whether you 're an old school gamer looking to carry the classics in your pocket or you 're curious about these old Sega games you 've never played the Sega Smashpack is a must buy . The games look and sound great on the Game Boy Advance , and they 're some of the best ever available on the Genesis .
 I love Golden Axe and Sonic Spinball , but Ecco is what drops my review down to 4 stars . I do n't even understand the game . I really hope they make a sequel to this , maybe one that has Altered Beat , Dr. Robotnik 's Mean Bean Machine , Ristar , and Flicky .
 My family got a Saga Genesis awhile ago and I still LOVE the games . The sonic games are awsome and challenging . Iam still trying to beat ecco ! I would reccomend this to anyone that wants a fun game !!
 the sonic spinball is pretty much like the old sega one golden axe is almost as good as the sega one trying to kill bad guys and the deatha adder and you can even do a duel beetween your character and some monster but golen axe 2 for sega gennesis is da best ever.echo the dolphin is nothing the same as the old sega i cant even figure out how to play this one . but i still reccomend you to buy this no matter what the price is .
 This is a awsome game trilagy from the Sega era , which would be my favrote of vintige game eras . All 3 of the games had been a phenomenon . Golden Axe was the best of all , Ecco the Dolphin is the 2nd best , Sonic Spinball
 I cant wait till this comes out i mean ecco the dolphin and sonic pinball were ok games but golden axe is still one of the best games ever.I suggest buying this game just for golden axe because the game is so cool with 3 people you can choose from with different strength , speed , and magic . This game is so much fun because of its replay value i mean you can play this game over and over again so buy it !!
 this game has all of my childhood in it . It has sega genesis games that I would always play.Me and my friends Joey and John would always play sega.I have a big selection of games to play but all of the sonic games are my favorite.I beat all of them but it took a long long time.Sonic and knuckles was the hardest of all the sonic games but the coolest.I do n't have game cube or dreamcast so I ca n't play all the new sega games.So if you are like me and do n't own a gamecube or dreamcast buy sega smash pack .
 This game was totally awsome Sonic was the funnest and Golden Axe was cool to Ecco the dolphin was pretty cool . With Sonc and Golden Axe The game would be awsome anyway but they added on more thing to make it the best game Ecco the dolphin was added to make it cool . This game is a big must buy
 Just seeing these three previously exclusive Sega licenses on a Nintendo system can be a testament to either two things
 These games look great on the new Game Boy with frontlighting ! The old-fashioned gameplay gives you hours of fun , especially on a long flight . Just smash and score !
 First Thing I 'd Like to say is someone should seriously beat the person below me its spelled SEGA not SAGA any REAL gamer would know that . Any way on to the games , I 'll Start with ecco the dolphin . Ecco is the story of a dolphin trying to defend the sea . It has very good graphics and will keep you playing for a long time . Golden Axe is about three characters trying to save the world from the evil Death Adder . You can play as any of three characters which are a dworf a big tough looking guy and a sorceress looking lady . the graphics are good considering the era they were started in the sound I think is pretty terrible but it grows on you , it does n't have very many levels but it is pretty challenging to beat them all . Sonic spinball is pretty much just pinball with really good graphics and addicting gameplay . All in all a great package is here . and I 'd like to know how they fit it all on tiny little cartridge .
 `` Sega smash pack '' for Game Boy Advance is a great game . it feature 3 Sega Genesis Classic
 If you 're like me and were around in the good old days of sega genesis , this is a game you 'll be interested in . Sonic Spinball and Ecco are both classics and worth the buy . I 'm not familiar with Golden Axe , however , so I ca n't tell you about it . Sonic Spinball is fun and like all the other Sonic games , worth it . Ecco is a bit challenging , so experienced gamers might prefer it . Overall , this will be worth your while .
 The game is quite action packed , but the Sonic Pinball game is a perfectly great handheld game ! Golden Ax and Ecco are GREAT ! Enough to entertain you ...
 I am looking forward to sega smash pack . I do n't see why John Bell got 2/3 people to say that his review was helpful . All he did was copy and paste the Manufacturer 's Description in his review . oh well : Golden Axe is the greatest game ever . It is a sidescroller and you can choose from 3 characters . It is very difficult and the gameplay has a lot of variety . Ecco the dolphin is also a side scroller in which you control a dolphin a manuver through the watery levels . Sonic Spinball is very fun too , and has very good graphics . I ca n't wait to buy this game , and I 'm going to get it the day it comes out .
 Overall , this is a nice collection of games , all of which i grew up with having owned a Sega Genesis . Graphically , each game resembles the originals but with less polish on the GBA . Golden Ax is a clean brawler in the likeness of TMNT with medieval-style characters and repetitive hack-n-slash gameplay , that for some reason never gets old . Sonic Spinball is the biggest disappointment in that all levels , boss included , have the same tune from the first stage . What 's up with that!If you are looking for classics with enjoyable gameplay and have a GBA , I would recommend this . Otherwise , if you have a Genesis get the original games .
 I 've been waiting for the release of this game for some time and am delighted at the quality of it now that it 's mine . My favorite gaming genre is vehicular racing . MotoGP resides in the slot between arcade and sim racer , taking the ease and quick simplicity of an arcade-style racer and combining that with a beautiful audio-visual realism of a sim racer . This is my first MotoGP videogame and I 'm speaking from the point of view that Test Drive
 I give this game -LRB- Moto GP -RRB- 5 stars due to it is the best racing game I have played . But if it is racing in general you are looking for then I do n't think this game could compete with some of the others.Well looking at the game the bikes that you can use are very realistic . You can also use well known tracks . But one of the things is that the graphics could have been just a bit better and then it might just have been able to compete with other racing gamesIf you are a motor biking fan then this is the game for you , also it is a must for you.If you are a motor biking fan then this is the game for you , also it is a must for you .
 Not too shabby at all . The biggest benefit to Moto GP is the controls . Controls are laid out in a similar manner to a real bike -LRB- analog control for weight distribution of front , back and left right , separate front and rear brake -RRB- . The graphics are crisp , although there is n't all that much detail overall . Then again , since the tracks were based on 10 of the 16 real Moto GP tracks , there 's not all that much more to add . What is there looks great . The bikes are nicely detailed , rider animation is superb and the weather effects are stunning.Moto GP offers plenty of reasons to come back time and time again . There is a training mode , arcade mode -LRB- where you rack up points for showboating ... similar to the Kudos system in Project Gotham racing , a single race mode and , of course , the Moto GP full circuit . Each of these , while basically the same game , spice things up enough to keep you interested for multiple hours of play.In general , Moto GP is a solid racing game . It 's the first bike game developed for a console that feels even remotely similar to riding a real sportbike . The developers at THQ were able to balance real-world riding with a game that is n't so hard that casual users and non-riders will find it intimidating . That 's not to say that Moto GP is n't difficult . It does take time to get a good feel for how the bike controls and how to take corners . If you ride , you will have a leg up over your non-biking friends . That , in and of itself , is solid proof that they did a nice job of making this a realistic biking experience.One complaint I have is that while being more realistic than any other console bike racer on the market , it feels just a touch too much arcade and not quite enough simulation . When riding a real bike , if you use too much rear brake , your back end should swing out . If you come in too hard into a corner and do n't get proper traction , you should wipe out in a lowside or highside . In Moto GP , though , the worst that will happen is you 'll careen off the track and into the grass or gravel . If nothing else , there should have been a sim mode where things ramp up a bit for people wanting just a tad more realism in their game . If I make a major mistake , I want to see a realistic outcome of that mistake . It seems as though the game is cheating in this regard and you 're being robbed of a proper experience.Moto GP is definitely worth picking up . It 's plenty of fun for non-riders and riders alike . It even allows you to do stoppies , wheelies , burnouts and other foolish little squidly tricks . All this and no chance of being arrested by the cops . What more can you ask?By the way , there is no such thing as an F5 . The bike that came after the F4 is the F4i -LRB- the `` i '' stands for fuel `` i `` njection -RRB- .
 Moto GP is tough to learn at first -LRB- picture motorcycles at full lean and 160 + mph careening into the grass/dirt and wiping out -RRB- . Frankly , I was n't a big racing game fan -LRB- I prefer FPS -RRB- . However , after you learn the ins-and-outs of breaking , accelerating , downshifting , and leaning , the game is great fun . Add to that the competition of playing on Xbox Live against 15 others who are learning the game at the same time as you , and you have a formula that will keep you from getting a full nights sleep for months . For example , I 've reached an 800 ranking out of about 10,000 players and I have a -LRB- very -RRB- full time job . Great game . In a word `` addicting '' .
 I played a demo version of this game in a store on XBOX and thought it was great . At the time I did n't have an XBOX so I picked up Moto GP 2 for PS2 thinking it would be the same just better graphics on XBOX ... Boy was I wrong . This game is excellent . The PS2 version does n't even come close . I 've only had it for a week and I 've already logged more hours on it than I have with the PS2 version and I 've had it for over 3 months . BUY IT ! You 'll love it ! If you do n't believe me and you 're lucky enough to have a PS2 and an XBOX , rent it for each system and judge them yourself .
 This game surprised me.It 's excellent.Just plainfun to play and the graphics are sweet.Alot of peoplewhined about the controls but , these people more thanlikely never rode a bike.You do n't steer a bike , youlean it.Accurate simulation , superb graphics and a blastif you like racing games.I rented it first and then headedup to the store shortly there after and snagged a copy.Good game !
 I highly recommend this game for anyone interested in motorcycle racing games . Unlike several other games moto gp is very challenging and most likely you wo n't be able to pick it up and win right away and if you do there are three levels that will surely challenge you . It is very life like , for instance it has a front brake , a rear brake and a very real throttle . Most importantly the competitors actions are so real when you make just a small mistake they go racing bye , this game does n't allow you to crash and still win the race on its most difficult level , of course unless you have mastered it . Good luck it is a great game !
 Moto GP is an outstanding game . Even if you are not a huge motorcycle racing fan , which I am not , this game will be fun for you if you like racing sims.Gameplay
 Wow , I 'm really impressed with this game , MotoGP on the Xbox . Do n't confuse this game with games having the same title but built for other platforms , the similarity ends at the subject matter . Top notch excitement that will take a long time to tire of . Like any video game it has many differences from the real thing but the designers made the similarities all the right ones . You really need to learn each track to hope to get around it at a decent speed , even then the intensity is intoxicating . Do n't ride too fast if you do n't know what you 're doing or you 'll be running wide right off the circuit . A keen sense of timing and cool head are required to run with the fast guys . Sit up high and catch the wind as you grab a fingerfull of front brake to slow down just in time to lean her over hard into that tight corner at the end of the straight and start to feed in the power through the exit . Now this is motorcycle racing ! I 'm particularly impressed with the computer controlled bikes and the realistic nuances they demonstrate.Gotta go get some more time in the saddle !
 If you 've ever watched Moto GP on TV , then played this game , it 's hard to tell the difference . The game is THAT realistic , but this can be a mixed blessing . If you 're more into the arcade racing games than this might not be the game for you , but if you love intense motorcycle racing and simulation games , then you 'll love this game.I 'm not a hardcore racing simulation fan , so that 's why I gave the game four stars instead of five , but other than that , this game has n't skipped a single detail in the Moto GP racing world . Worth a good look at !
 This is the best Moto GP game ever made . Xbox Live launched with the Moto GP Live Demo . This game was so hard to find at that point as it was the only way to unlock all the tracks . I still have my Original Xbox copy and will never depart with it .
 Before this game was released , I really wanted it . When it was finally released , I raced to EB and tried the demo . I hated it ! How could I hate the game I was waiting for so long ? So now a few months have passed and I and I got Xbox Live . I tried the demo once and bikes were bouncing all over the place . That made me hate it even more.One day I decided to really try and take a look at this game . I created my own race using the demo and had 16 people enter the game . First off , the Lobby is the best of all the Xbox games I 've played . That includes NFL Fever 2003 , Mech Assault and Unreal Championship . So I started the game and wow , this game just blew me away . I do n't know what I was smoking when I played it the first two times . Handling the motocycles are no easy task . Just think Gran Turismo when it comes to handling , especially when taking corners . It will take lots of practice to take those corners at high speeds.On XBL , the game is sweet . I experienced no lag and the races were intense . One good thing is that not everyone is on the same skill level , so if you are a new to the game you wo n't feel left out . The first corner of every race is always the most dangerous . Some are lucky to make it around the corner without being caught in the major wipeout caused by one or two people crashing . lol . Since I 've played it that one time , I have n't stopped playing it . This game is basically at the top of my most favorite games list . And that list does include games like Halo and Splinter Cell.I 'm not deep into the whole motocycle racing thing , but this game is fun , especially when you see a lot of people in one area moving at high speed . Did I mention that the xbox communicator works great ? Well it does . The games I 've been in have very talkative people and that just makes the experience better . But be warned , one slip up on the track can cause someone to fly right by you . Its nerve wrenching when you have a high position in the game . You do n't want to make any mistakes that will cost you your position .
 THis is the most fun racing game ever made ! The controls are great and the graphics are amazing . You can not go onlie with this game though . You have to get Xbox live and the online version comes on the setup disk . You use the real game to unlock special things in the online version . So they work together . If you have both , you 're made !
 I simply can not get enough of this one . Playing the game in off-line mode is an absolutely compelling experience and provides you with immense replay value . As if that was n't enough , you find out that when you get XBOX Live everything that you 've unlocked in the full version of Moto GP is available to you in the on-line version of the game that comes with the LIVE starter kit ! This past Christmas , I had approximately 7 family members get an XBOX and/or the LIVE starter kit . After seeing what I 'm able to do with this game they immediatly went out a purchased it . This is an absolute must have in your gaming library .
 Wow ! The graphics and physics in this game are great fun ! Really gets your heart pounding zipping around corners while a bunch of riders are right on you tail . Get this one for sure !
 The good news is that since Xbox live comes with a demo version of this game , there will be a huge base of players on the Internet . That means there are plenty of games to pick-up and lots of friends to meet . Unfortunately , most of these gamers on Xbox Live are NOT there for this game . So it is difficult to find a good game where 75 % of the people are n't just on to test out their connection and communicator . That means a lot of people crashing a few driving backwards . For those who are playing it only as a demo on Live , the game is not that easy to pick up . The physics are real , which means you are going to work to keep your bike on the track and off of the grass . For those who are racing fans , you will be pleased with the game . -LRB- Check the other reviews , which go into more of the details . -RRB- I hope , though , that the on-line play matures a bit .
 This is a great racing game , it 's a little more difficult than the normal games but that is what makes it fun , a little more of a challenge .
 I really did n't know whether to give this a 5 or a 1 since my husband loves it so much he plays it several times each week ! < < smile > > Fortunately , it 's a game I can watch with him -LRB- very little violence and no gore -RRB- .
 Most motorcycle racing games are basically car-racing games with motorcycles . The controls are identical , and aside from a dramatic case of understeer , they generally play identically.MotoGP , on the other hand , is dramatically different than most car racing games , and it 's both its strength , and its weakness.The control is the heart of the game , and with an independent front and rear brake , and the ability to control not only the side-to-side lean of your rider , but the front-to-back lean , you have an unprecedented amount of control over your racer . Anything from powerslides to endos are possible , and the subtlety of the control scheme makes the game feel distinctly like a * motorcycle * game , than just a generic racer . On top of the unique , and fantastic controls , the animation of the riders , and the graphic quality are outstanding . The textures for your custom rider are a bit sloppy-looking , but the models of real-life riders look quite accurate . The graphics are on par with other xbox racers , like PGR and Rallisport , so there 's plenty of eye-candy to be had . When your screen is blurred from racing down a straightaway at full tilt , and you pass by another rider , and he turns to see which direction you 're coming up on him from , it 's a simple little animation that lends a whole world of realism to the game.The downside of the unique controls is that there 's a steeper learning curve to this game than most . Even going through a single turn takes a few minutes to figure out , and it 'll probably be a few hours before you can go through a tight U-bend at speed , with any sort of consistency . The payoff 's worth it , however , as the races are tense , and the sense of speed is uncanny.If you 're a racing fan , looking for variety , it 's definitely worth picking up . If you 're a motorcycle racing fan in particular , there 's no reason you should n't already own this game.ADDITION
 This is definately the best racing game ever made on the Xbox . The graphics are great , there are plenty of options to choose from , alot of unlockables , and you can play songs that you have saved on your Xbox hardrive while you are racing . The tracks that you race on are exactly like the real ones.The game is very realistic to . If you go to fast for to long your engine starts skipping and smoking . You can also perform wheelies , wheelies on your front tire , and much more.If you get any racing game for Xbox , this is definately the game to get .
 Been waiting for this game for some time now , and was n't disappointed ... Excellent realism , and in depth riding options -LRB- leaning forward for better turning , and leaning back for doing wheelies , and more -RRB- and great customization features -LRB- design your bike colors/graphics and matching leathers -RRB- ... Choosing different viewpoints is cool - and the view from behind the windscreen is as close to riding a bike as I 've ever seen . Great crashes too ... I 've shown this game to all of my cycling buddies , and they 're about to go out and buy Xboxes just for this game -LRB- well , this game and Halo ;-RRB- -RRB- If you ride or like to watch superbike races , this game is for you .
 This game is an awesome racing game with tons of extras giving the game more replay value ! I do n't even like watching motorcycle racing but I bought this game 'cause I wanted a new racing game and I LOVE THIS GAME !
 Killer Graphics , Uses the Xbox Soundtrack feature , System Link/Online play -LRB- using GamespyArcade -RRB- Lots of real-world tracks , riders , licensed bikes , and stats , game modes and unlockables . Plus it 's really , really fast ! A hands-down must for all race/driving fans . Easily my favorite Xbox game to date.P.S . - This IS NOT the same lame MotoGP from Namco on PS/PS2 , only the title is the same .
 It 's about time that someone made a pretty good motorcycle GP game . i hope that sony and nintendo model there next moto GP game after the one made for the xbox.first i had had Extreme GIII for the gamecube , then i bought moto GP2 for PS2 , what mistakes i made . i think that a bike racing game has a lot to offer the gaming world . when moto GP first came out for xbox i was a little skeptical . i am glad that i decided to make the right choice and buy THQ 's version for this system.i said if this failed , then i would never ever buy another moto game again . i am a HUGE fan of racing games , and the bike racers were starting to disappoint me.I SUGGEST ... that you should buy this game . i really like it . i do n't think anybody who buys this will be disappointed.overall rating
 i have it the graphics are awesome and theres a couple of veiws u can use when your playing it . . and its really fun on 2 players ... but do you think they 'll have a road rash kind of game for xbox . . ?
 I mean I LOVE superbike racing.I own 5 HONDA F4 's and F5 's . THis game has great graphics.Good superbikes and teams like HONDA!There is No downside to this game except its not realesed !
 I 'm an 8 year old boy , and I find the Scooby-Doo movie game boy advance very fun . I just got it for my birthday and I was very happy . I recommend it for 7 year olds . It gets a little hard when you start fixing the pool pipes , but it gets better at the end .
 I 'm a 20 year old college student with a love for video games , and this was one of the 1st two games I purchased for my Game Boy Advance , which I just bought on January 4 . This game was a hard find , but I 'm glad I found it . I think the factor that drove me to getting this game was the fact that I really enjoyed the movie , even though I was never really into Scooby-Doo to begin with , although I always liked Scooby . It 's actually a blast to play , and once you get the hang of it -LRB- I did by the first night I had it -RRB- it 's really not bad . You have to find your friends , some clues , and solve some puzzles . Each character is specially suited to do certain tasks . I am actually playing as Velma right now , who is my favorite Scooby character , besides Scooby himself . What it boils down to , once you get the hang of it , this game is enjoyable . The handle is great , and the role-playing aspect is fun . The graphics are also great , because the boards are exactly like the scenes from the movie , and the actual actors ' images are seen in the game , not just bad cartoon representations of them . I 'm hoping that I 'll find Fred and Daphne soon , so I have more characters to choose from . Otherwise , this is a good game . Enjoy ! : -RRB-
 I just bought a new GameBoy Advance system and decided to get some games as well . I bought this game and thought it was challenging , took thought , some time and some interest , not just walking around and plotlessly hitting street walkers . This is a great game but it might be too hard with kids . I think this game is more for teenagers than little kids under 13 . This is a great game and provides days of nonstop fun and adventure , trying to unlock the mystery of the haunted hotel ! Also available are many other SCOOBY DOO games on PS1 and 2 and on Gameboy color .
 I just got mine yesterday , but I like it . It is basically based on the movie so you are in the Spooky Hotel to start . You tasks every now and then that you have to complete in order to do others . It 's like one leads to the other . As you go throught the game you meet the other stars and get to play as them and they each have their own special abilities . You start out with Scooby and Shaggy though . The only thing I do n't like is that when you use the characters special abilities , it takes away stamina.I do n't want to say any more cause I do n't want to ruin it for you .
 Not just another mindless shooting and killing rated M frenzy , SCOOBY DOO is a game that takes skill , practice and some real thought . It is a puzzle filled , mind thinking fun game that is educational and also very fun for kids and teens -LRB- 10 and up -RRB- . This game will be boring for the kids who just want shooting and fighting sprees because you only get to fight after the first two stages -LRB- which might take a few days to beat -RRB- . It 's cool that the more levels you beat , you unlock more characters . Recommended TO GBA owners !
 For the first level , the game sets up the plot and introduces you to various interface things . However , after that , you quickly gain Fred and start kicking ... on Ghosts and other cool stuff.I wish they had fighting at the very beginning , but it 's still cool once you get past the first level .
 I went to japan to play this game and it ROCKS !!! its a good thing i know japanese causee if not i would ` nt get past the first level . One of the levels is your on a coaster of coolness mayhem . Like Groovey !
 i can/t wait to buy the scobby doo movie game
 Well , let 's see now . An overlooked platformer -LRB- most of the time -RRB- , Blender Bros looks and feels similar to every other platformer , but it actually DOES give some new ideas.Graphics - 8/10The graphics in Blender Bros are n't amazing , especially during the `` racing '' levels . However , during regular platforming action , the flawless moves that Cosmo makes -LRB- along with the enemies -RRB- are excellent . All of your little Mini Bros. . Helpers move fluidly along with you , following you . Unlike some platformers , you do n't meet the exact same enemies every level -LRB- they all look different , by the way -RRB- . All Mini Brothers look different , use different powers , and among other things , actually LOOK as if they 're able to do what they can do.Music and Sound - 7.5 / 10 ... The music is hummable , and somewhat catchy . However , I can barely hear the sounds of the moves , attacks , etc. . Infogrames really could have done at least a LITTLE better job on this one , considering their work on games such as Dragon Ball Z - Budoukai , etc. . Of course , the sounds and music are on the GBA - earning an extra half point on Blender Bros. ' score.Game play - 7.5 / 10Bah . This plays as any other platformer , with the exception of a few adjustments -LRB- your little Mini Bros buddies -RRB- . These Mini Brothers follow you and do various things , such as fending off enemies and healing you - if you can find them . The enemies are easily defeated , the levels are simple as well -LRB- maybe excepting a few original levels -RRB- . Even the bosses are painless and predictable!Even though Blender Brothers might integrate the Pokemon-style `` catch the Mini Brothers so they can help you '' theme , this game should be easy and simple for anyone - and maybe just a tad of enjoyment for those veteran gamers.Replay value - 5/10There is really no point in playing Blender Bros again . Maybe if someone wanted to obtain all of the Mini Bros -LRB- little helpers that follow you and help you with various powers -RRB- , they would play it again . Otherwise -LRB- as stated before -RRB- , there is no point in playing the entire game all over again.Overall - 7/10Okay , so Blender Brothers is no Super Mario Brothers or Klonoa , but the platformer does its job well enough . To tell the truth , when I first started this game , I liked it a whole lot . However , the glamour wore off after a very short while.Yes , well , my time playing Blender Bros. . MIGHT have been better used playing something else . However , if you really love platformers -LRB- which I do n't . my opinion on this does n't matter much . -RRB- , you should give this one a chance -LRB- or two -RRB- .
 The graphics for this game is stellar . The music is okay , and the game is a little too short . The game is fun , but it is also too easy . I started playing it and could n't put it down until I beat the game about 4 hours later . Pretty good buy for a bargain price .
 I think that this game is good . olga
 Nicktoons racing is everything it should be . It provides cart racing , with good handling and interesting courses . The Nicktoon 's stars add a fun feel to the game , and it 's fun yelling at Tommy Pickles while he passes you . The only problem with Nicktoons Racing , is there is NO ROCKO ! The have the monkey from Wild Thornberries , for crying outloud . With what the game lacks in depth , it makes up in sheer fun . Highly recommended for all ages !
 Wanted a racing game for my little boy and bought this one . I played with it for a while and I want it . My little boy has n't been able to put it down . It 's great because you can choose from many different characters without having to unlock any levels -- great feature for little ones AND ME !!! It 's fun , fun , fun . Buy it .
 You might think , why should I waste my money on a racing game ? Well , it is a great game ! I was playing at night before I went to sleep , you want to play it all day!Here 's all the characters it has : Helga , Tommy , Ickis , Angelica , Stimpy , Patrick , Eliza , Darwin , CatDog , Angry Beavers , Spongebob , Arnold , and a surprise at the end!You have to buy it to find out what it is ! There 's 12 tracks to choose from , but you have to unlock them first.It 's one of my favorite games ! You need to buy it !
 This game is pretty good.I like the characters and the fact that you can choose which one you want to be.The music and sound effects are great.It has lots of tracks and three different ways to play -LRB- cups , time trial , race for fun -RRB- . If you like racing , you should get this game .
 Wow !!! This game was soooo much fun . I am 11 years old and ever since I was 2 I have been watching Nickelodeon . So , now when I get the chance to see all the characters in action , it is sooooo kewl . You just ca n't stop . And wow the people who I always thought of to be high energy have no power and ca n't go too fast . That is another thing I like about this game . It is soooo unpredictable . I mean , c'mon who knew that Chuckie could ... -LRB- do n't worry , I wo n't give it away -RRB- .
 In this game you can really have at least a 15 minute sit-down with it . In this game you ca n't just pick a character you like , you need to see how high their power is and how fast they go . You need to compete levels to get new tracks and characters . But , you could even have a longer time playing this game , you could play for 1 hour , 2 hours ... and on because if you do n't win , you want to just keep on going to try again , GO , GO , GO !
 I 've loved this game ever since I opened it on Easter . Even if you hate to watch racing you will love this . It is my favorite game . It is easy and you can play with lots of different players . There are lots of race tracks too . It is not a game for just boys .
 This is lik the best game you can find on the market . I mean it blazes mariocart racing , if you compare the two mario cart looks like Sh ** -LRB- for younger viewers this word has been hashed -RRB- .
 i recently bought a gameboy advance with nicktoons racing , its great ! wonderful 3D graphics , each character has its own track , exept the mystery rider , i just cant stop playing it ! its kinda like C.T.R -LRB- crash team racing -RRB- but way cooler ! wepons , -LRB- 9 -RRB- tracks , -LRB- 8 -RRB- characters , -LRB- 9 -RRB- . buy it !
 In general the games are well done and I recommend the package . However I 've found these games especially hard to see , so make sure you have a good light - I just bought a Flood Light and it works a lot better than my old Trap Light . This pack also does n't save high scores when you turn the machine off.Frogger This is much better done than the regular Game Boy version and seems to be fairly accurate graphically . The graphics scroll up when you cross the highway , however this does n't really affect game play like it does in Pac-Mac . The music is still light and bouncy like I remember from the original , however the tunes are not the same . This is especially noticeable in the tune that plays when you start a new game . -LRB- Maybe this is a licensing issue or something ? -RRB- Scramble This is just like I remember it . I have spent more time playing this than any of the other games.Time Pilot seems to be a little harder on the this pack than on MAME . I do n't know if this is because the ships are relatively a little bigger or if it is the controls ? The bullets are hard to see maybe ? Also this version gives you 5 ships to start so obviously the developers thought it was a little hard also.Gyruss Seems well done including the memorable music . I am not a fanatic about this game however.The things that keep this game from 5 stars are : No high score savingScreen is darkTime Pilot is harder than the arcade versionFrogger music is off
 Great package including the following games adapted for your GAMEBOY ADVANCE : Frogger!Yie Ar Kung FuGyrussTime PilotRush 'N AttackScrambleOn the SP or Advance you can see them well -- they were all bright games ! Sometimes it is hard to see bullets coming at you in Gyruss and Time Pilot when you are doing the handheld . But on the the Gameboy player for the Gamecube everything really seems solid!This puts me back in an Aladin 's Castle or Chuck E. Cheese in the 80s -- I can smell pizza and nachos while playing Frogger ! And I want to check my pockets for gold tokens ! The bright candy colors , easy to learn gameplay , and 80s video games make this a fun nostalgic cart that lives up to your retro expectations!The Konami Cheat code -- up up down down left right left right B + A unlocks more lives and other variances on each game screen .
 A nifty collection of six classic arcade games which were originally released between 1981 - 1985 . As it is often the case with this kind of retro collection , some of the classics age better than others . The simple action of Rush 'n Attack and the cutesy hopping charms of Frogger are still remarkable enjoyable . The bomb & shoot action of Scramble is strangely engrossing and Yie Ar Kung-Fu -LRB- the grandfather of modern fighting games -RRB- has its simple charms . But Gyruss and Time Pilot are hardly playable on the small screen , it 's quite easy to overlook a tiny bullet which instantly costs you a life . Arcade Advanced is an interesting collection for old school gamers who grew up wasting quarters in the early 80 's . It &#65533; s just a shame that Konami did not include the action classic Contra . Other players beware , the authentic old-fashioned gameplay is a bit too simplistic -LRB- and tough -RRB- for the tastes of the younger crowd .
 This is one fun game . Rush 'n attack , one of my fave arcade games is excellent on the mini screen of a handheld . Of course , frogger is as supurb as 15 years ago . Time Pilot and the others are great as well . The one thing is , I miss the NES games . WHere 's CONTRA and CONTRA 2 ? What about track and field ? those could be the next compilation . THe inclusion of one of those hits would have made me give the collection seven stars . Overall , this commpilation of arcade games is definately worth the -LSB- money -RSB- .
 I have all of the arcade collection games for the GBA except one -LRB- heard it was bad , The Midway one -RRB- and this is tied in my book with `` Atari anniversary advance '' . I bought this konami cartridge for frogger , but time pilot turned out to be my favorite on the cart -LRB- An awesome addicting game , nothing is hard to see with the sp -RRB- . All of the games are very playable , Kung fu bieng the hardest to control . Gyruss and scramble are very good ports , gyruss ' controls take time to get used to though . If you ever played Gradius for snes , scramble is its predessesor . I never really liked rush 'n attack with nes , but it is a decent side scroller beat em up . Frogger is just how you remember it , AWESOME ! This cart rules!Conclusion : If you liked the `` old school '' games in the past , or you like quick simple addicting fun -LRB- very fun , very addicting -RRB- , This game is for you !!! Also try Atari anniversary advance !
 The graphics seem good to me ... I dunno , maybe they could have , and therefore should have , been better , but of course , this is the GBA SP we 're talking about here , and the '80s at that ... this lil ' cart 's got more '80s hits than the local oldies station ! I really liked Rush 'n Attack , Frogger , and Gyruss ... there 's something here for most everyone , it seems -- I only wish they 'd included that ultra-rare and super-cute gem , `` Pooyan '' !!!! Now why is this Konami cart so damned hard to find these days ?? A really nice collection , highly recommended for retro gaming !
 I love this . As a kid , I was a Time Pilot junkie . You know the classic tale of the kid slamming quarter after quarter into the machine ? That was me . I guess everyone had their favorite game as a kid , for me it was Time Pilot . I could never get my hands on a version of Time Pilot , not anywhere . So I was thrilled to finally have it here . All the other games provided are faithfully reproduced here , I remember playing all of these in the arcade , and they 're exactly as I remember them . If you 're an 80 's arcade fanatic , you might want to consider this . A great package !
 and by worthy I mean 35 + years of age ... sorry SVGA kiddies , you wo n't be happy with this one ... however , if your a gamer from the early 80 's YOU 'LL LOVE IT ... The games seem ALMOST like EXACT replications of those quarter games that we grandpas ' played at the bowling allies ... : -RRB- Gyruss is a bit difficult to manuever as you fly around the screen -LRB- ala Tempest -RRB- , same with Time Pilot ... This is a MUST have for your GBA ... hours of fun as you climb from level to level .
 Great re-creations of the arcade originals ... with couple of caveats . As a hard core gamer from the 80s and a collector of the full sized original arcade games -LRB- none of which are on this cart -RRB- I have to give this a near perfect score . I will outline each of the games on the cart with brif commentary : Frogger
 Trust me on this one . Amazon.com is giving this gamepack away ! Well anyways many classics return , and I suspect that the only people that would remember them are us old timer gamers . All of these classics I enjoyed playing in the arcades in the 80 's and early 90 's . It 's been 11 years since I last played Yie Ar Kung Fu , and the game is still the same as I remember it ! I remember going to Togo 's in 1989 with my mother and brothers and playing the Yie Ar Kung Fu and Popeye arcades . We had a blast ! The games are small , dont eat up allot of RAM memory or hard disk space , but heck they 're fun and thats all that matters !!! Unfortunately , many gamers today think that what makes a game a good seller , is the graphics , music , sound effects , and other multimedia catches . Unfortunately , many gaming companies have hired game designers that did not grow up in the 1980 's and early 90 's gaming days ! Man its not the graphics , its all about the fun of the game ! I can tell you that Yie Ar Kung Fu may be limited , and seem like a game a 2 year old would play , but its as fun as Street Fighter Alpha , and I mean it too !!! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 All of the arcade games converted for the GBA are nearly perfect representations . Sure , the music is a different one than the original in Frogger , but that is a very minor flaw . Maybe there was a version of Arcade Frogger that had this tune -- who knows?On top of that , you can get variants of these classic games by using the special Konami joystick code.If you like this cartridge , I would highly recommend `` Namco Museum '' nad `` Midway 's Greatest Arcade Hits '' -LRB- the latter contains imperfect arcade conversions but it is still good -RRB- .
 At first when I was about to play this game , I thought it would just be an exact port of 6 arcade games . You do get that and more . Konami took a step further on this game and made some noticable enhancements that make the games much more fun to play . Also , use the Konami Code -LRB- ^ , ^ , v , v , < , > , < , > , B , A -RRB- at the title of any of the game screens to unlock more features . If you love classics , especially Konami classics , buy this game if you can -LRB- it 's hard to find -RRB- .
 be amazed by Gyruss and Time Pilot are two of the best arcade shooting games EVER!The games were built ground up for the gba and run flawlessly.Frogger 9/10Gyruss 10/10Time Pilot 10/10Yi Aer kung fu 7/10Scramble 8/10Rush 'n attack 8/10
 I always welcome the idea of going retro , remaking old arcade games into current console system . And this one was no exception especially when it has not just one or two , but six . And not to mention my favorite of all time , Yie Ar KUNG ~ FU and Rush 'n Attack . Seriously , I still remember vividly going to local arcade , spending countless coins on these two classic of classics ... ahhh . . just nostalgic factor itself is the worth the price.However , I was disappointed with both games . For instance with Yie Ar KUNG ~ FU , the level of difficulty increases dramatically after you finish the first round . I mean , it 's nice that they did n't transfer over the same easy difficulty from arcade , but I hope that they would increase the difficulty gradually and no option to choose your difficulty . For Rush 'n Attack , they changed things ALOT , with special weapons and difficulty has been somehow altered to easier side , and the length has been changed as well . There was glitch in Yie Ar KUNG-FU with one move , where the main character suppose to stretch his punch while advancing in original arcade -LRB- and playstation version too -RRB- , however , they somehow missed putting that , creating wrong move . And I found a bug in Gyruss , i got somehow stuck on a screen , not advancing to next level regardless of no enemy present . Time Pilot 's difficulty has been set way too high to begin with in my opinion.You know , it 's really nice to have them in your palm , the idea itself is just too cool , too awesome - where I had to go to local arcade to play these classics , now I can play in my bed ... wow . . however , I wish that they would 've put more attention in transferring them over to GameBoyAdvance version because they are not arcade perfect somehow , they are not . It 's good thing that they altered the difficulty to give more challenge , however , when they change gameplay itself in games like Rush 'n Attack , I have no choice but to have this bit of bitter taste in my mouth . However , its fault is outweighted by its strength such as adding more levels in Rush 'n Attack , or most of all , PLAYING THIS TOTALLY NEW GAMES WITH INFAMOUS KONAMI CODE . I just found out that if you put that up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , on each game screen , you get totally new games , more lives , and , ... . you just see what happens . Overall , you are getting more than you are paying for , so it 's all good in the end . I hope that they would bring out games like this more in future.Enjoy .
 I bought this for a friend in nov. 2008 and we had a blast playing . I decided to get one for myself -- I find it hard to believe that it was 14.99 on 11/13/08 and today , 12/31/08 it is 50.99 for the exact game . It 's not like it 's a different version or an upgraded version . I can see some price fluctuation but that 's insane .
 Honestly , this is my favorite game cartridge . All of the games are fun , challenging , and are accurate renditions of their arcade counterparts . If I owned one GBA or DS game , this would probably be it . These are hard games to master so there is a lot of gameplay , but they can be mastered so you do n't feel cheated.Admittedly , I like these classic game packages and have bought some others for this and other systems , but they almost always fall short . Usually , the game play stinks or some critical component of the game is missing . That is n't the case with this one .
 I 'll be honest , I only picked this up for Frogger . The other games are good though . Since getting back into video gaming , I 've gotten decidedly retro in picking up games . So anything that was fairly new when I was young is fair game . Not that today 's games are n't awesome , there 's just a certain cool cheese factor in revisiting games from my youth . If , like me , you are just getting back into the video game race , or you have kids that you want a good decent set of games for , this is it .
 Midway , Atari and Williams have marketed the same old arcade classic games in almost every format know to man . Konami steps out of the dark by taking out of the box some new arcade titles like Time Pilot , Scramble and , of course , RUSH 'N' ATTACK , which is the newest addition.Thanks to Konami ! Escellent value ... : - -RRB-
 Man , I just ca n't go anywhere without my Gameboy Advance these days . Twenty years ago when I was pumping quarters into these machines , you could never make me believe I could one day put them all in my pocket!This Konami colleciton is a welcome addition to the other classic arcade compilations out there . All are very faithful translations , and most of them play very well on the small screen . The exceptions are Time Pilot and Gyruss , where you can often be killed by TINY unseen enemy fire . My personal fave is Scramble.For accuracy and playability , this is probably the best-yet arcade collection for the GBA .
 This is the great complimation of classic arcade games . Now that the Gameboy Advance SP is out , you can totally see everything that you coul n't see on the original gameboy advance . The games are true to the originals . Brings back the old days of my childhood , and the games I used to play on my ColecoVision . Buy It !
 This is a 6-pack basic collection for the GBA with Konami games from the early to mid 80 's . This is actually a decent sized collection for the Gameboy Advance as most arcade collections for the PS1 -LRB- comparable to the GBA -RRB- also had from 5-6 games.There are no extra materials whatsoever , such as images of cabinets or flyers . Save for some minute details , each game accurately mimics the original arcade counterpart . On my Gameboy Micro , each game is bright and clear . The audio sounds good.I enjoyed all the games on this collection to a certain degree and played them growing up but the two I ended up playing the most for this collection are Frogger and Gyruss . Nice little collection for the GBA with some Konami time capsules .
 great game , mostly because of Rush 'n' Attack ... . the other games are not so great ... . even though they have a rich history
 I really enjoy this game . This is the first Konami arcade game and I have been waiting for this for years.I like the multi player mode too .
 What you get : FroggerYie Ar Kung FuGyrussTime PilotRush 'N AttackScrammbleThese titles are faithfully reproduced , and controls are solid and easy to use . With six high quality titles included , this is a great value for classic gamers . Unfortunately , a few small blemishes keep this from being really great . Frogger has a scrolling screen to fit it 's vertical level design , with no option to play fullscreen -LRB- like Namco 's Ms. Pacman -RRB- Gyruss seems scaled down , leaving it 's smooth rotating graphics a little hard to see . Time Pilot 's controls feel a little sluggish , and I say this only because it seems harder than the arcade version .
 the game is really fun for those people who love ddr games -LRB- of course ! -RRB- when you get the game , you only start with 32 songs , but as you keep playing , you start earning new songs!of course , you need a Playstation memory card to earn songs.not ps2 memory , ps memory.you can earn to a total of 52 songs!you earn a new song for every 5 songs you play!also , the game only contains konami songs , no licensed songs , so if you love konami songs , this is for you ! -LRB- otherwise , why would it be called DDR KONAMIX ? -RRB- PEACE
 The exact reason why I bought this . A classic arcade game that I can play whenever I want thet doubles as a workout program . The game arrived 3 days before the estimated date , was wrapped in bubble wrap , had very few scratches and works just like new !
 While it 's an older game , DDR is still fun and taking on a classic is just as much as fun as the modern day DDR . Entertaining , great music , and tons of fabulous dancing . As a DDR fan , I went back and brought this one -LRB- and another one -RRB- to add my collection . If you 're looking to track down the classics for your collection , do n't go without this one . It 's well worth it ; DDRMax 1 and 2 refers back to this one alot -LRB- some songs are also found on this one in their debut -RRB- and the songs to unlock are similiar to DDRMax 2 system . Overall , still changing and it 'll keep you dancing for a good while as you attempt to make your highest score to unlock more music or it 'll keep your fingers moving and testing your reflexes .
 I have been a DDR fan since 5th Mix came out in Japan , and I love every moment of it . I 've never been one for console gaming -LRB- I usually play StepManis or In the Groove on my computer -RRB- , so the only console I have owned was an old PlayStation -LRB- one -RRB- . Konamix is the latest -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- that was released for the PS1 , and it 's essentially like DDR 5th Mix with some different skinning -LRB- More like 1st-3rd Mix than anything -RRB- . All in all , a fun game .
 The game works great . It is my first dance dance revolution purchase and the game has a section where it teaches you the basic moves . I tried playing the game before going through this section and it was soooo hard ! I recommend trying the lessons before you play the game , it makes it so much easier . Have fun !
 Good mix for DDR fans , lots of good songs that dont need to be unlocked , including the old BeayMania songs , and some that are harder to find . Graphics aren ' y amazing , but fans will agree , the fun in DDR is not the graphics . Background art is surprisingly good for PS1 era . Game DOES lag a bit on PS1 console -LRB- not a lot , but noticable to an advanced player -RRB- , but if you are considering adding this to your PS2 DDR collection , you will be fine . One note
 I purchased this game about a month ago , and its still fun!Bemani has some of the greatest music selections on this game ever ! The rate of play and the sweat you produce while dancing is outstandingly rich ! For beginners , its a little hard to get into it at first , but thats what the `` Lessons Mode '' is for . My wife gave up on it too easily , but I have learned it and practiced over and over till I can advance to harder and more challenging songs , as well as using the `` Workout and non-stop modes '' to burn fat and calories daily for 30minutes . I went from `` feet 1 '' to `` feet 4 '' -LRB- referring to the pace of how fast the arrows move on the screen -RRB- Note
 This game is so so fun !! It has a lot of songs to learn to play , and you can unlock even more songs the more you play !! I have enjoyed this game nearly everyday since I got it ! It 's good exercise too !
 i love the game but the graphics arent the best . . of course PS2 's ddr MAX is better but if ur stuck with PSX , this is right for u
 This is one of the best all around games you can find on any console . Dance Dance Revolution is an arcade dancing simulation game that is lots of fun for the entire family , has great replay value -LRB- you can play for hours on end -RRB- , and is a great workout to boot!DDR Konamix is the 3rd game that Konami has put out for DDR in the US and it is by far the best . It has over 50 songs , some of which are brand new for the US only . Most of the songs are japanese pop music , but they 're very catchy and there 's a lot of variety between fast and slow dance music.The most important thing you must remember is to get the dance pad accessory with this game . You can play with the regular controller , but playing with the dance pad is the only way to really enjoy this game . Be sure to stick with dance pads from Konami or RedOctane as those are the only decent brands available .
 Please note that this review is intended for people already intimately familiar with the Dance Dance Revolution series.After the extremely disappointing releases of DDR USA & DDR
 For a while , American fans of the dancing video game Dance Dance Revolution have been cheated . While the game went popular at the arcades in Japan , Konami of America did n't bother bringing it to the US , apparently feeling people would rather have more shooting , fighting , and racing games that are blending into each other . Eventually , after a while , Konami released Dance Dance Revolution USA into American arcades - and were summarily booed for it . Not for releasing the game , but for doing such a poor job of it , with a paltry number of songs compared to Japanese versions , and and out of date game engine.Soon after , they released a home version for the Playstation , simply titled `` Dance Dance Revolution '' - and were booed again , for the same reasons as the arcade one . A poor selection of songs , and an old game engine.Finally , though , with Dance Dance Revolution Konamix , Konami of America showed a decent effort at bringing Americans this incredible dancing game - just in time for them closing up their offices.The game uses the 4th mix engine . To those of you unfamiliar with it , that may not mean anything , but let 's just say that there were newer , cleaner updates to the game engine in Japan that had previously been released , leaving us to wonder why the older version . It is n't too bad , though , since everything you 'll want to play is present . Standard single mode is there , of course , along with versus mode , for two players at once , and double mode , for challenging the advanced players by requiring them to use both mats . The number of songs per game is also selectable , up to 5 at a time.Nonstop courses are there , allowing you to play up to five songs straight through , using the same life bar , no breaks between songs , and allowing you to string together huge step combos - if you can get the steps down . You can edit the nonstop courses , picking from among the 52 songs .52 songs ? Yes , unlike the 20 songs in the first US Playstation DDR release , Konami has given players a wonderful amount of songs , taken from anywhere from the first release , up through DDRMAX -LRB- without the freeze arrows -RRB- . Classic songs like Dynamite Rave , Paranoia , and , sadly , Let Them Move , sit alongside newer songs such as On The Jazz and Dive , along with a happily vocal-free version of After the Game . Some people may complain about the selection , as other popular songs such as Butterfly , Kick the Can , Dam Dariram , or Dub-I-Dub have been left out , and there are a sizable number of more techno/trance songs such as Salamander Beat Crush , Genom Screams , and Wild Rush . However , all of the songs are dancable , and there is a great variety of step difficultues , from a pair of 1 footers for beginners , to a selection of great 9 foot catastrophic songs , such as Drop Out , Dead End , and the popular Matsuri Japan . Only 30 of the songs are available when you first start playing , but as you play , more and more songs become unlocked - assuming you have a memory card , of course.For the creative players , there is also an edit mode , allowing you to modify the existing steps for songs , or even create your own from scratch . You can record the steps by tapping the game pad or dance pad as the music plays , select sections of the song to play and tune the steps , and you do n't have to worry about synchronizing the beat to the steps as in PC clones . However , there are a few bugs with edit mode , suggesting that it did n't recieve proper testing , though they are n't often a bother.If you 've been a longtime fan of DDR , and have a number of imports from Japan already , you 'll probably not find Konamix to be much of an addition to your collection . If you do n't have any home versions , this is probably the best one to start with , and it is perfect for new players to get into the game , with enough songs to challenge you at any skill level .
 I just started playing DDR a lot about 2 months ago . After about three sessions , I got really used to the wonderful metal pads you use in the arcades.When I bought this game , I could n't bear to think of playing on a flimsy plastic pad , so I researched on eBay and on ddrfreak.com and found a good , * relatively * inexpensive imported metal pad . It was worth it . The arcade experience was duplicated perfectly.As for the game , I ca n't say enough good things about it . I like almost all of the music , even though none of it is the genre I listen to in `` real '' life . The difficulty is very hard , but not the type that is frustrating . If you practice , you * will * get better.I have been using this game as a workout in the mornings . I am a mid-level player -LRB- `` trick '' -RRB- and after about 10 minutes I 'm sweating like a hog . I can tell that my calves have toned up considerably because of it.This is a game that will never get old . If you can beat the incredibly hard top levels , then there are all sorts of speed changes and other variations to change the steps . Also , you can play with 6 panels instead of 4 if your pad supports it , or , if you have 2 pads , you can play with 8 panels . You can even make up your own dance steps and save them , or make up your own `` set '' of music and play non-stop . I bought a Playstation just for this game . The game , pad , and system cost -LSB- money -RSB- total , and it 's probably the best video game investment I 've ever made . Try it , you 'll like it ... . you 'll forget how stupid you look after a while .
 Alright , first off I 'm probably not your typical DDR fan . I 'm a thirty-something who never sets foot in an arcade and sticks to the PC for videogames . That said , the first time I saw DDR I thought it 'd be a fun way to get some exercise -LRB- sure beats jogging ! -RRB- Once I found out you could get it for home , I picked up a Playstation simply for the purpose of playing these games -LRB- much cheaper than buying a machine ! -RRB- A lot of people griped about the U.S. version of the original Dance Dance Revolution as it did pale in comparison to the numerous import compilations out in Japan . This latest version of the game is a much more worthy competitor . There are probably twice as many songs and the graphics are much cleaner . Most importantly , though , this game -LRB- plus a dance pad -RRB- can really work up a sweat and it 's a lot of fun too.My gripes :1 -RRB- You 're stuck with a certain character you may or may not like depending on which selection of songs you choose .2 -RRB- While some may appreciate the increased difficulty , I do n't like the fact the hardest workout mode is -LRB- still -RRB- too easy , yet the easiest game mode is still very hard . For workout purposes , something in between would 've been nice .3 -RRB- Yes , there are a lot of songs missing from the most popular artists on the import versions . Amazing to think it 'll take a team of 1000 lawyers to get `` Butterfly '' on a U.S. disk , is n't it?Those complaints do n't stop me from recommending Konamix , however . I 've scored a lot of points with the kids in the neighborhood because I can play this game -LRB- and even beat some of them at it -RRB- . If you do pick it up you wo n't be disappointed , but definitely buy some dance pads to go with it or you miss out on the whole purpose of playing this game.Hope my review helped !
 I first started hearing about Dance Dance Revolution -LRB- DDR -RRB- when I read through a O.P.M. and saw almost every reviewer 's favorite game was DDR . I went to my local arcade and started playing , and have n't stoped yet . If you play in the arcade for the first time , you will get nervous , but after you play for a while , you get comfortable , and start to crave the fan attention.After I got into DDR , I showed the PC clones to my friends and they all got hooked on that . As a secret Christmas present , my best friend Rachelle and get cousins got DDR for the US Playstation . No matter who you are or what kind of music you like , you will like DDR.With that said , We 'll move on to the latest in a long awaited series . Dance Dance Revolution
 As a fan of the Japanese Dance Dance Revolution series , I have quite a bit of experience with these games - and let me tell you , this one rocks ! Although nothing can match up to the import games , Dance Dance Revolution Konamix was a huge comeback from its somewhat disappointing American predecessor . There is now a more advanced workout mode , an extremely difficult 6-panel mode -LRB- if your mat is compatible with the function -RRB- , solo mode and 50 awesome songs ! For people who have played the imports , do n't hesitate to try this one . There are lots of new songs but they are really cool . -LRB- I am even overlooking the repeated absence of Smile.dk in my 5-star rating ! -RRB- Try this game for a fun and exciting experience .
 Now I 've only been playing ddr for around 4 1/2 months . I 've been a addict ever since I tried last July . . and failed misrably at Butterfly upswing at an anime convention . I was overjoyed when I bought DDR USA , and two dance pads for the playstation . I formed love for new songs that I had never even tried before `` Dub I Dub '' and `` Afronova '' to name a few ! But I wanted more songs , only to find a DDR 4th mix machine in my town ! I was excited , but ca n't afford to go to the arcade daily!Once I heard news about KONAMIX I was overjoyed ! I just bought the game and I am VERY impressed ! Much like the layout of 4th mix , the songs are put into little catigories -LRB- WHICH YOU CAN CHANGE IN THE OPTIONS MENU ! -RRB- with different dancers . I like that . Also the feature in which you get different songs unlocked as you go along has me playing until I can get them all . -LRB- They have Orion .78 AMeuro MIX !! -RRB- I have yet to try Edit mode but just the thought of such an option makes me excited ! This is the best DDR version for the playstation to be released in the US.Even if you are just getting into the game , or if you are one of those old time players who can bust out on Maniac and freestyle so well people 's jaws drop , this game is for you ! Who needs a game were you sit around to play when you can be up and move playing DDR Konamix ? Go on , get up there and dance ! No crowd , so do n't be scared ! ^_^ Thank you Konami for giving the US such a great game !
 My kids got this for Christmas -LRB- 2 girls 10 and 13 -RRB- . They are having a blast playing and taking turns -LRB- which is not easy for them usually -RRB- . I had read other ratings before buying and was curious about the adults who had fun with their kids using this item . I can attest that it is loads of fun for parents to use too and maybe will turn out to be good exercise too . Dad just looks into the room and laughs before moving on ... The graphics are WILD and borderline ridiculous , but so are we when we are stomping around . Definitely a good investment ! Do n't get a cheap pad , it is worthwhile to have some cushion under the feet -- and have some extra quality in the wiring to endure all the repeated pressure from dancing.I will be doing this in my sleep !
 I am a regular DDR fan . I enjoy playing the game in the arcade and I own 2 of the 3 home versions . DDR USA and Konamix . Many people complained about the fact that all of the songs are divided into groups and the groups can only be played by one character ! Listen ! You may want to start looking in the options menu once in a while ! There is an option to show all of the songs at once like DDR USA does ! So stop complaining about that !
 This mix is undoubtedly one of the best mixes of DDR . It has a very wide range of great music and unlimited replay value . Great for working out and having fun at the same time -LRB- though I usually only play for fun -RRB- . The steps are alltogether not that hard and there are easy songs that can be mastered by a newcommer to the DDR series . Plus this is great practice for the arcade version -LRB- and alot more affordable -RRB- . This game is an awesome deal -LRB- original and 2-6 mix usually going for 59.99 and you need a japanese psx -RRB- . Just make sure you buy a pad with the game to get the full experience .
 When you want a game that combines choreogarphy , a workout , and plain old fun Dance Dance Revolution is the game for you . But make sure you purchase DDR KONAMIX because they made a LOT of them ! However you must be very fast and have the ability to really concentrate . I just bought it and the tunes that you dance to on the dance mat are so groovy . Take my advice , buy Dance Dance Revolution KONAMIX !!!!!
 I hate video games , but DDR is to good to be considered a video game . This game has helped me build stamina and quick thinking skills . DDR Konamix has an awesome song list with the original Paranoia and this is the only US release which features the very complicated Orion .78 -LSB- AM-EuroMix -RSB- So why would I give it four stars ? Because you ca n't use speed modifiers . -LSB- x1 .5 , x2 , x3 , x5 , x8 -RSB- I know most DDR fans do n't really care something like that , but some songs on here are impossible to do with only one speed.This game is still a good buy , but I recommend DDRMAX or DDRMAX2 over this one .
 DDR Konamix is totally cool ! A representative from Konami of America says that it will feature over 5o songs , have three brand new play modes , and will have a special workout mode . Some songs from the songlist have even been revealed
 I love this game . If you start to get good at the game & play often , it 's worth it to get a quality dance pad - I suggest Redoctane.com . This is the second best version of Dance Dance revolution for the United States , in my opinion , the best being DDRMax -LRB- which is only for Playstation 2 -RRB- . Note , I am not just a fan of music video games , but also a 31 year old woman & new mom . My 51 year old mother also plays . This game is for everyone . It 's a lot of fun & also a great way to burn calories .
 This is a fun game ! Every day at an arcade I see many kids there playing this game!They simply love it!I highly recommend buying this game ! There are 52 songs to try ! Theres even a workout mode so you can actually see how many calories you burned!GREAT !
 ... Anyway , DDR konamix has some rather interesting features like the edit mode which , from what I 've read , lets you create your own steps to songs . -LRB- Actually this mode alone makes me consider purchasing this game in the future -RRB- Other than that its basically the same as DDR 4th mix , it has the same odd `` each character has their own different group of songs '' format , although in fourth mix after completing some certain thing you can have a mode to be able to access all the songs at once . I dont know about Konamix though ... As the name `` Konamix '' suggests , this game is only Konami original mixes . That means no Butterfly -LRB- . . even though Butterfly is n't in 4th mix anyway -RRB- , Dam Dariram , Bumble Bee or those popular songs . Because of the fact that Konami has some licensing problems or something they can not get the songs that are n't by the `` Konami artists '' like Naoki . This is basically the main reason why I had to grade it down . Even though Konami had no choice in this matter its still very dissapointing to see no popular songs . Not to say there are n't good songs , .59 is a cool song and theres also B4U , plus like 500 Paranoia mixes -LRB- that I 'm not too crazy about though -RRB- . If you can afford it , buy yourself a bootdisk/mod chip for ps1 and get the import version of DDR . You probably will be better off that way . Its what I did anyway . .
 MY DAUGHTER LOVES THIS GAME . THIS WAS MY FIRST TIME ORDERING FROM AMAZON AND I REALLY ENJOYED THE EXPERIENCE . I GOT MY PACKAGE ON TIME AND EVERYTHING WAS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION AND WORKED PROPERLY . THANK YOU .
 I have the DDR Super Nova Bundle , which does n't offer much in the way of difficulty degree ; it either offers easy , basic -LRB- which is barely a step up from easy -RRB- difficut and expert . This particular DDR Konamix offers a more diverse selection , as well as a larger music menu to choose from . It works on a Play Station or PS2 platform , is reasonably priced , and is tons of fun for everyone . Highly recommended !
 Finally we get a good american ddr.This game is great especialy if you play it with the dance pad.This game has 50 songs -LRB- including th hidden ones -RRB- . If you get this game play Drop Out , Dead End and Dive in Double Maniac , Its fun.Well what are you doin?Get off the computer and buy this game ! ...
 Like all other DDR 's , Konamix is a blast to play because of its refreshing game style . The graphics are only decent , but everything else in the game is excellent . Although there are a few duds , many of the songs are quite catchy . The make-your-own-steps mode is quite fun for the creative gamer . However , it 's the innovative gameplay that makes Konamix what it is . If you 're looking for a unique game experience , buy Konamix .
 This game is the best . You can do anything . The only thing it lacks is the fact all the popular songs are gone -LRB- Konami had liscencing problems -RRB- . Hey but you still get all those other good songs even ones that were n't in the Japaneese version . And quit complaining about the song divisions you can turn them off -LRB- you people need to check the `` options '' menu every once in a while -RRB- . There 's also better graphics than the original . You can also create your own dance steps for certain songs . And there is a six button mode where you 'll also use the X and O buttons . Hey , GET THIS GAME !
 The third DDR game released in America , DDR Konamix far surpasses its predecessors , making it difficult to find anything wrong with it.The Positive Aspects : This game has an excellent selection of music , mostly Japanese pop / electronic . Almost all the tunes are catchy . As the built in tunes become old , new ones are unlocked , allowing the game to age like a fine wine . For new dancers , this game is slightly difficult to learn from . I would suggest buying either the first mix or Disney Mix before venturing into the world of Konamix . For experienced gamers , this mix gives a decent difficulty as well as a new 6-arrow mode which livens the dance floor.The Negative Aspects : This game did n't come out sooner!DDR Konamix is indeed an excellent game . I thought the gaming atmosphere could n't get any fresher after the release of DDR and DDR Disney mix . Well , Konamix is yet another breath of fresh air , bringing the dance floor alive once again .
 Okay , I 'll admit every word , the US release of the first DDR was the worst DDR title ever to hit the shelves , but it 's only good for those who have never tried the other imported DDR titles for the PlayStation and Dreamcast . Sorry , but us DDR veterans are too familiar with the first US release . Finally it 's the year 2002 , and the newest sequel to DDR has finally arrive . Enter DDR Konamix , the most anticipated DDR title for the American PlayStation -LRB- hopefully , an arcade version of Konamix will release -RRB- . This version of DDR is truly the leader of all party games among all the other PSX party games ! Now it 's time for me to give you the lowdown on this game ! Nowadays , none of us DDRers seem to care about the graphics . We just care about getting the steps correctly by doing either freestyle or performing dance routines , but let me explain the character visuals . The 3D dancers look great and even better looking that the first DDR characters seen on the first US release . The replay value is much more bigger than the other two DDR installments . You still get the Workout Mode -LRB- I still reccomend it , if you 're planning on losing weight ! -RRB- and the Lesson Mode . But the newest addition to Konamix , is the Edit Mode , where you can create your own steps for each song . If the Edit Mode is not enough for you -LRB- you picky little snot ! -RRB- , then you 'll really get your groove on in Battle Mode . This is only available when you 're playing the Arcade Mode . Basically , your main objective is to get the highest score in the game ! Battle Mode is perhaps , in my opinion , one of the most enjoyable modes in the game , and it still is ! With those modes available , it will keep you hooked for a -LSB- heckuva -RSB- long time ! If you guys have seen the impressive interface of DDR 4th Mix and DDR Extra Mix on the PlayStation , prepare to be amazed ! DDR Konamix is using the 4th Mix interface and just like DDR 4th Mix , the songs are divided into groups . And this time , Konami was using their head when it comes to the choice of songs ! As always , The music to DDR sounds cool , mixing different genres in one game like Techno , Hip-Hop , Trance , House , R&B ; and Jazz . KOA -LRB- Konami of America -RRB- has brought some of the mega hit songs from the 2nd , 3rd , 4th , and 5th Mix like B4U , Dead End , Luv To Me , Celebrate Nite , Earth Light , .59 , Afronova Primeval , Burnin ' The Floor , End of the Century , Look to the Sky , Diving Money , Groove , Dynamite Rave , Brilliant 2U and much more from where that came from . And for the first time ever , just like on the other imported DDR titles and arcade games , you can unlock 20 secret songs like Let The Beat Hit 'Em -LRB- Classic R&B ; Style -RRB- , Holic , DXY , Leading Cyber , Do It Right , Paranoia Rebirth , Drop Out , La Senorita Virtual , AM-3P -LRB- 303 Bass Mix -RRB- , Ca n't Stop Fallin ' In Love , Absolute , Dive , and more ! Sorry , but I do n't want to give out the complete song list . If you want to check out the complete songlist , ... just buy the game at your local retailer . Sorry , neither both versions of Butterfly are in this version . And to those of you who were expecting Stomp To My Beat , Rythym and Police K.O.G.G 3 Mix , I 'm Alive -LRB- KCP Discontique Mix -RRB- , Hero -LRB- All three versions -RRB- , Bumblebee , Kick the Can , or Dream A Dream ! I wonder why they do n't allow those songs on the US version . I guess Konami did n't want to , probably because the Konami staff did n't like those songs or just did n't have enough time to bring in more to the mix . Sorry ! Maybe on the next US release of DDR ! If you happen to check on the manual to the game , you will see some profiles of diffrent DDR artists like DJ Taka , Naoki Maeda -LRB- the largest profile among the other artists -RRB- , Scotty D , and more . And if you look closely on the `` Special Thanks '' section of the credits , you will see names of different players like DJ 8-Ball , Mel B , Jason Ko , and more . ... All in all , DDR Konamix is far by , the GREATEST DDR game of all time ! To those of you who are still planning to buy imported versions of DDR , throw them off the window ! DDR Konamix has the best variety of songs to choose from . Definently worth your money if you want something better than the other US DDR release you have at home ! If you wa n't to skip out on the slightly disappointing US version of DDR or if you just feel too lazy to get the imported versions , get DDR Konamix now at your retailer ! ...
 Well , I first saw this at the local arcade and I thought it looked soo dumb . That is until I actally got on and tried it . Then I got hooked . It was funny to dance to music from my PSX console . I loved the music such as B4U , End of Century and Paranoia.It is totally worth the money ands my only regret is that there is no hard pad out yet which is really disaointing because those soft matts keep slipping and I hit the wrong thing . But do n't let that spoil you from purchasing one great game and spending literaly hours of fun playing or listening to the great music . I wish they had some more classic songs though . But still a great buy .
 Hey , DDR Fanatics , finally a second and better versions of the sequel of the first mix . Rumors has it that this second version of the american ddr contains more than enough songs to keep you entertain for hours w/o having to switch to the japanese imports . Well if you think you have the guts to give it a shot against one of the greatest hits of all times with better moves , more options and features , can you handle the game itself . If so , better start dancing . Do n't forget the modified hard dance mat to come with this game -LRB- ARCADE STYLE DANCE MAT , LIGHTS LOTS OF HEART POUNDING ACTION , SO YOU CAN TACKLE THOSE TECHNO , EXPERT LEVELS -RRB- . sO give it a shot and switch to the second edition of dance dance revolution american .
 THe need to dance has been fulfilled by the home versions of DDR . After , playing it in the arcades though , fulfillment has seemed lost due to the songs that i could not play on DDR at home . The answer to that problem , DDR Konamix . They have great songs like End Of The Century , and many others in the arcades . So pop in a couple bucks , grab a dance pad , and get this game . Fun for all ages .
 if you love ddr then you 'll love this game ... i wish i can get the 3rd mix in the US region ... is there or is there not ... ??
 this is my new favorite game i wish it was game cube compatible
 this game gets hard songs you defenatly need to get the pad.the pad is harder than the controller . this is a good game to play
 The sequel to Dance Dance revolution , Konamix will feature more of the same great dancing hits and include even more things to keep you grooving . Besides dancing to the songs in the normal mode , in which a person hits either the left , right , top , or bottom buttom , a person can opt to play the new to America solo mode . This great mode allows users to push 6 buttons on their dance pad , boosting the level of intensity , and giving already expert players a new experience . Anyone who feels the original DDR was fun should definitely buy this game . If you like getting sweaty in your game room , playing a game , and are n't afraid to tell your friends that your busy dancing , then buy this game on in a flash and get your groove on !
 I have 14 and 12 years old daughters . They bought it and I figured they 'd get tired of it like everything else . They have had it for over 3 months now and still use it all the time . They have lots of fun with it and use it when friends come over . This is a fun way for them to work out and get fit . My oldest daughter has slimmed down . It 's great aerobic excercise . My niece loves it too and is now buying one .
 I bought this game and it rocks . They 're are slow songs for beginers and fast songs and faster songs . Has varieties of music like pop , rock , jazz , and hip hop . The arrows kind of match with the beat . You can practice on training mode or challenege yourself and friends on game mode . I would reccomend this gameand buying a metal dance pad/arcade platform .
 Finally , a great ddr game for playstation . This is THE home version of ddr . It has a huge selection of great songs and different modes to choose from . There are only 32 songs to begin with , and you have to unlock the other 20 . Also 2 NEW ddr songs never released before . You can choose solo mode -LRB- 6 panels -LRB- you need a hard pad for solo -RRB- -RRB- , workout mode -LRB- see how much weight you lose -RRB- , or edit mode -LRB- make up CrAZy steps to test your ddr skills -RRB- . The graphics have been improved too . The game has slow songs like Orion .78 to fast songs like Dead End & End of the Century , it has it all . I hope they get DDRMAX for playstation -LRB- I need to try MAX300 -RRB- ...
 Only problems with Konamix , to me , is that it 's not set up like the arcades -LRB- which is where I play half the time -RRB- and `` basic '' mode is the same as light on the other games -LRB- thought it would be standard -RRB- . Other than that , it 's great.As for accessories , I got one of the really thin mats and it quickly got destroyed with friends who do n't know how to pick up their feet and the mats would get scrunched up into a pile . So , I invested a bit more in a mat with a 1 '' foam insert and now , I 'm putting forth a bit more to get a metal dance mat . -LRB- I put 1 star for educational , because the most I see you getting out of it is a good work out and foot/eye coordination ... = / -RRB-
 DDR Konamimix is very , very , very , ect . fun !! It is great for working out and losing weight !!!!! I was introduced to this because my school had it !!! belive it or not the princable lets us play with it all recess !!!! I am planning to by this game to enjoy it more that ever !!! YAY !!
 I have the game and it rocks . So far I 've lost 10 lbs on that game alone . And that 's with no diets ! Want to lose weight and have fun , or you just want to get better , this is the game to get . It 's great for the whole family or just you to enjoy .
 Hello . I am using my grandmothers account . Im a 10 year old boy and i love this game . its a very very great game to buy . It is old that is a fact . But its not about the age.Graphics : This is a ps1 game so its not OMG REALISTIC !! but the graphics for the ps1 are pretty good . the songs banners and backgrounds are styled very well . and the dancers are good as well -LRB- My favorite is devil zukin -RRB- Gameplay : the gameplay of this game is very simple.there are 4 arrows on your controller . and it is whats called a dance pad.and there are gon na be a timing place for where you hit the arrows coming up . and 2 types of arrowsa normal arrow you hit with one footand 2 notes at the same time and you have to hit them with two feet.Music : I think they have very good songs in this game . most will say that im wrong and that there are no real songs in the game . but who cares ?? most of the songs are done by a artist called naoki . he spans alot of ddr artist names.such as 180 for paranoiaOver-all : I give ddr konamix for the ps1 a 5 star ranking of fun . and an it is an over all family fun title . the kids will love the graphics . the teens will love the music . and the adults will love the exercise . and there are also other modes such as solo -LRB- a mode where the X and O buttons on your dancemat are arrows you have to hit !!! -RRB- and work out mode -LRB- a great mode where you can set the year of the game . your weight the goal of cal , s you wan na burn . and it shows you how much calories you burnt when your done playing a song !!! how cool is that ? -RRB- so . if you are a pro at ddr . or a new kid to the dancing . i would say pick it up . another plus is its cheap price
 I will tell you right now that once you play this game -LRB- with the dance/beat pad -RRB- , you will not wan na stop playing it , beucause it 's definitely lots of fun . It 's a game that you can get into & have a little fun with . The best thing I can tell you is to buy the pad as soon as buying the game , because some of the moves that you have to do will have to get done on the pad & ca n't be done with the controller . The best part is that the graphics do n't even matter . Just go out & buy it . The game & the pad combined is the price of one PS2 game anyway . You 'll get your money 's worth AND THEN SOME .
 DDR is a great game . Whoever invented it is clearly stereotypically-and-for-comedic-purposes-anti-American . Which is a huge relief ! I know some people who have lost weight doing this , and there 's much to be said right there for a video game.Anyway , for a review of KONAMIX , I have mixed feelings . It 's MUCH better than any of the other US releases , all of which STUNK horribly . This one has a lot more songs , and though I have n't played some of them because my stupid memory card is n't working , what I have played is great stuff that I 've never heard of before . So , for one pro , Konamix makes you play songs that you 've never chosen before and you realize that they 're good -LRB- if you 're like me and you like to do songs like `` Butterfly '' over and over again -RRB- . And it certainly is a lot easier to get Konamix than it is to get an import -LRB- and I 'm sure they cost a lot more -RRB- . Still , if I had the time and the money and the motivation , I would opt for an import , because heck , they 're just better . They have more of the songs I 'm familiar with -LRB- and these are darn good songs -RRB- . I was really disappointed that they did n't have `` Kick the Can '' in Konamix . I 've been dieing to master that one . Anyway , Konamix is worth the money and it 's really fun , but if you want the rich man 's DDR experience , go and get yourself a bunch of imports . That or be a computer geek and get everything through the computer -LRB- something that , sadly , I have not the resources for ... -RRB- . Oh well , either way it 's * DDR * !!!!
 This is a fun game ! Every day at an arcade I see many kids there playing this game!They simply love it!I highly recommend buying this game ! There are 52 songs to try ! Theres even a workout mode so you can actually see how many calories you burned!GREAT !
 i love the game but the graphics arent the best . . of course PS2 's ddr MAX is better but if ur stuck with PSX , this is right for u
 ddr is a great game i agree -LRB- the DDR USA kinda lacked in game play though -RRB- . ddr konamix is practically the same as ddr 4th mix barely different at all and there is butterfly on this . the problem is you have to choose certain char 's to play certain songs you ca n't choose from all at once which is annoying and since this is practically the same as 4th mix it probably is n't the best . the best play at home ddr for the us but if you gamers are really obsessed with getting the best ddr , get a mod chip and an imported 3rd mix -LRB- 3rd mix has 56 songs , more than konamix -RRB- . if you are n't so obsessed with getting amod chip -LRB- which is rather useful for playing burnt games and imports -RRB- then ddr konamix all the way
 I love difficult can easy games and this is it you can have it on an easy song or a hard you can check your calories and you can make your own rotine and theres no one staring at you like in the arcade !!!!
 This new DDR game is a must have for everyone !! It has harder songs for the experienced and easy songs for beginners . This game will have 52 songs , 32 available , 20 hidden . From techno to pop , this DDR will be the best yet !
 I can not wait till april to play this game I like Dead End , End of the Century , and Dynomite Rave -LRB- also on other DDR for playstation -RRB- which will be on it , but the only thing I wish it had is some version of Butterfly . ... This is what DDR players Want !!!
 I love all the songs in Dance Dance Revolution . However , I espeically like `` Higher '' , `` Groove '' , `` Make it better '' , `` Cutie Chaser '' , and a lot more . can name them all , but I love them all ! Buy it , play it !
 This game Rocks ! For ps it has great graphics . And as an owner of the whole set of DDR games , you should listen . I like Yuni and Emi personally . Take my advice , get the game.If only I had a memory card for ps .
 Well I think this Thing is funolicious , beating all of the other dance dance revolutions . I think that I am in love with it because it is so fun , I love it almost as much as I love my dog . Ok , anywayz I strongly encourage for you to buy this because it is a extremely great game . May the force be with you .
 IF YOU HAVE A DANCE PAD AND YOU KNOW HOW TO PLAY YOU 'LL HAVE A GREAT TIME WITH THIS GAME . THERE 'S A MODE TO CREATE YOUR OWN MIX , A WORKOUT MODE LESSON MODE AND MORE.BUT IF YOU 'VE JUST STARTED WITH DANCE DANCE REVOLUTION START WITH THE FIRST DANCE DANCE REVOLUTION MIX , BECAUSE IT HAS A BEGINNER MODE AND ON THIS MIX THERE IS ONLY NORMAL , DIFFICULT , AND EXPERT .
 I just bought this game and I have to say EA made one great and solid game . There are a few I mean FEW bugs , but that 's what Xbox live is for . You can download bugs fixes when they are released ... or if they are any who ... the campaign on this game is a little short , which is understandable , since the game was designed for online play.EA really focused on the potential for a battlefield game on Xbox live not for a campaign even though that would be nice , priorities are always first.This game has a really strong game play along with a wide variety of `` kit '' weapons.I 'd have to say , in my opinion this games online play is better than halo2 's because you are now playing with 24 people online and your can hold more weapons , o and THERE ARE NO MODDERS !!! YAY!These bugs that some people have mentioned , you would have to know where they are and exactly how to do it , kind of like the halo2 glitches.IF you have Xbox Live its well worth -LRB- ... -RRB- and if you do n't well that up to you , your friend has live well move into his/her house ! Lol
 I really do n't remember buying this ... or why I bought it . Or even playing it ... but I assume if I paid for it then it was for a good reason .
 Purchased for my son ... . he buys and trades and sells so many games thefirst choice is always AMAZON . Game was in good condition and as described .
 I enjoyed the xbox demo so much that I had to get the game . Very realistic difficulty , very tactile and rewarding gunplay - especially when you took down a chopper with a single shot - and nice soldier swap hook . In single player if you died the cam would zoom to a character of your choice and you continue the fight . Actually I think you could hot swap at will if the next soldier was in your line of sight . Remembering this is gettin me pumped for the latest BF game .
 ok , first of all , this game is not the same as the PC version -LRB- i own and play both -RRB- this game is , instead , an adaptation for Xbox/PS2 of the award winning game . this version features a singleplayer campaign and a `` hotswap '' feature -LRB- allows player to become any A.I. player , singleplayer only -RRB- . this game is , however , lacking the ability to resuscitate fallen teammates . the campaign is fairly fun , it offers enough difficulty to keep you entertained while not frusturating you to the point where you crush your controller in your hands . as previously mentioned , you can not revive fallen comrades . the medic gets an LMG and this thing that injects medicine into you , which heals you even after you have been injected -LRB- yes , you can self-administer the medicine -RRB- . and the Hotswap feature is another interesting addition to the game . it allows the player to aim at any visible A.I. player -LRB- they cant be behind a hill -RRB- and essentially `` take over '' that player , allowing one to position the friendly A.I. anywhere you want . the campaign also is from the viewpoints of various armies/factions . you will , for example have great fun blowing up a chem-weapons plant as the NATO forces , only to change to The People 's Army and discover you just blew up Kazakstan 's only oil refinery . this make the game a little more realistic , there is no `` good guy '' in war ... anyway , i played online for a little and shall conclude it is OK , but not great . some servers will be full of people who cant aim an assault rife for anything , while some will be loaded with people who have lightning fast reflexes and will stop at nothing to show them off . snipers camp bases frequently , helicopters are everyone 's nemesis , artillery comes without the characteristic whistling that warns of artillery in the PC version , sniper rifles kill in one hit no matter where they actually hit -LRB- story of Achilles sound familiar ? -RRB- overall , this game is very fun , no matter what your playing , online or single . makes a good supplement to the PC Battlefield 2 -LRB- for the campaign -RRB-
 This is an awsome game for XBOX live ! True combat action ! Twenty four players total per live game , twelve players to a team ! Multi small arms , vehicles , boats and choppers!Chris
 I used to play the two Far Cry versions on Xbox Live . I thought that was about the best stuff going on the system . -LRB- Forget about Halo 2 -RRB- . However , Battlefeild 2 is better than Far Cry . Even though the server will sometimes drop you out of the game and sometimes you ca n't get into a game for several minutes , Battlefeild 2 is a better playing experience . Playing a whole lot of conquest games -LRB- similar to capture the flag -RRB- on excellent maps never gets old . Cool tanks to jump into , cool helicopters to master or kill yourself trying to master , cool soldier types to use . Calling up an artillery strike can be very satisfiying . Sometimes being in the thick of a firefight seems extremely realistic . These are good graphics and sound effects . Also the controls are more responsive . When I went back to Far Cry after a week or so of playing tons of Battlefeild 2 , the inferior quality of Far Cry 's gameplay and it 's control issues were obvious . I 've got ta give it the highest rating fot it 's live gaming alone .
 This game is great for online play . The single player mode is kind of boring I thought but I didnt get much into it . Online play is aweeessommee . It 's alot of fun strategizing with other teamates to storm a flag or all out charge the enemy base . This is a great game that really gets you hooked .
 Addictive is the only word I can think of to describe this game . Imagine storming an enemy base with 10 of your friends in jeeps , tanks , choppers , all the while you have automatic fire going off all around you , mortar strikes , snipers in the windows ... you get the point . The ranking system is another great reason to keep playing . Depending on your playing time and skill , you 'll move up through actual military ranks . My only complaint is that some of the medals are extremely tough to get and they are essential to your ascension in rank . But all in all , this is a fantastic game .
 exellent on-line game I played boht version regular xbox and 360 . is the king of the hill.the only diferent on the xbox version is the graphic 's , otherwise is good and entertained as the 360 . I recomended for on-line player . but for single player this game sucks .
 First let me say this game is made for xbox live & thats what got itself my 4 stars . The single player campaign was fun but after a little while it was a bit linear , and the enemy A.I seemed predictable . Although they did incorperate an awsome feature . Hotswap , which with the press of a button allows you to switch to a differnt soldier either 2 inches away or 2 miles.The graphics were ... ok but fortunatley the vast landscape made them look beautiful . Thing is , games are about gameplay.The last thing I found seemingly wrong was that during the missions you would switch between the Countries at war , making your accomplishments seem for nothing.So now I move on to my next part of the game which is the best part.The multiplayer , and i repeat myself , this is a game ment for multiplayer.There is a great array of multiplayer maps , all of which i found extrordinarily fun to play on.When you first start you 'll have a certain number of flags depending on which map and team you 're on.These flags are scattered across the map and some are more stragetic to hold than others.These flags are your bases . You can spawn here with 1 of 5 kits -LRB- Unit Types -RRB- . From there you go around to differnt flags trying to capture them and lowering the opponets score by capturing flags or destroying your enemy.And noone would want to disinclude vehicles in their review . They play a very important role . Theres quite the variety too . Jeeps , tanks , helicopters , even civilian cars . The only thing missing is planes.Even though there 's plenty of content I didnt mention such as medals or ribbons i think that contains the gist of it .
 this game could have been a classic . However , my problem with it is that i find myself constantly taking orders in single-player like `` stay up on the roof , or the mission is failed '' and such . Also , the game , which has great graphics , does not exploit it with less-than-thrilling levels . the whole thing is just shooting people in different directions and listening for these instructions on where the enemy are . The reason i rate this a four instead of 2 or 3 is because of xbox live . Xbox live is great for this game and for xbox live-users like me , this is a 5-Star game with amazing live gameplay , and single player to do when your bored , but for people without live , rent it before buying it .
 I picked up this game about 1 month ago . Prior to that I was glued to online Halo 2 and just starting playing Battlefront II which are by far , exceptional games . I was told by a friend that this game was `` The Game to Get '' . Sure enough I rented first before I made a sure purchase , ... but , let me tell you ... there is soo much action going on in this game , it 's intense . Up to 24 players , Huge multiplayer maps , have the ability to use over 20 different vehicles such as tanks , helicopters , humvees , strategized kills , it 's chaotic ! Also if you like sniping games similar to that of Halo 2 than this should be on the top of your games list ! Do n't miss out on this game , and definitely do n't be misguided by all these other poor reviews . I would have to say there are a couple miniscule flaws such as a lack blood or goryness but that aside is no match for all of it 's incredible merits ! This game will get you hooked in your seat , `` BIGTIME '' !! It 's just soo much fun , especially if you go online with your buddies ! This game is a definite buy , you will not be dissapointed , and every first person gamer should own this one now !
 honetsly ... this game is great on xbox live . it is as good or better then halo 2 . i got this game last weekend and i am addicted to it . real weapons , real vehicles , and real war feel . the maps are huge which i think its great . it has a mix of urban warfare and open plain warefare . alot of people are playing this game on xbox live . i havent played the campaign yet but i plan on starting soon . you also get people who play this game serious online and they dont betray you the whole time like on halo 2 . buy this game you will be impressed !!
 Ok if your going to listen to anyone listen to me . First of all lets start out with single player . This game they actually made real missions instead of the other battlefields but what I was disapointed with is you cant do the good old take over spawns in single players . What you can do however is raise in ranks on single player but it doesnt offer you a choice of difficulty so the game is rather easy . Not to mention that its very short i beat it in a day . Dont look for any thrill in single player and dont even look at the game sitting on the shelf if you dont have xbox live.xbox live is wear it begins . you will not find any other game with better servers . This can hold 24 people with no lag . Of course sometimes there is but not bad at all . They also used the same ranking system online as in single player . Huge online support with tons of things to look at like earning medals ribbons and look at leaderboards . create clans and send messages to friends . The game offers 2 modes , conquest and capture the flag . Conquest is just like the old capture spawn points thing which they should have added to single player as well . Capture the flag is self explanatory . You get almost no veichles to choose from and they all look the same . They had jets in pc version but took that away for xbox . You do get helicopters and hummers and also cars and pickup trucks . yes cars and pickup trucks ! What were you thinking ea ! You think taking away a jet and replacing it with pickuptrucks and cars is okay !? Did i mention when you blow them up they completely disapear into millions of pieces !? maybe i should also add that every gun looks exactly the same !? the assualt rifle is exactly the same as the smg except the smg has a silencer on it !? All in all gameplay is fantastic and is a must to buy if you have xbox live . Dont listen to the other people trust me your friend.Good game but they could have added more stuff into the game and it could easily be game of the century . Yes it is very much better then halo or any of that mumbo jumbo .
 Since it 's release in 2005 , there have been newer BF games released , and ask any serious gamer like myself , Bad Company , Bad Company 2 , and 1943 pale in comparison to BF2 : MC . It 's sad that the next gen consoles are knocking this game down , but in it 's day , it was the best and only FPS to play online . Once the servers are officially closed , this game has no replay value as the single player mode is the worst game ever conceived by man .
 Battlefield 2 - Modern Combat is a great arcade-style fast paced action game . Just be prepared for some odd graphic issues while you play.The gameplay involves a squad of soldiers moving through a well laid out cityscape . You can see the dirt on the window panes , the signs along the road , the icicles on the rooflines . You play in various weather conditions and deal with fire , smoke , and other environmental distractions.It 's amazing that we have gotten so `` spoiled '' that we take all of that for granted , and can complain about small anomalies . For example , we found it greatly amusing that when you shoot a jeep , it blows into a million tiny shards and vanishes completely . We also laughed when you shot an enemy soldier and apparently your bullets are `` bone-dissolving '' because they collapse like a jello-creature . Still , that hardly takes away from the real gameplay . Your squad each has different weapons and capabilities , and in an ability I found REALLY cool , you can instant-teleport from one to the other as long as you can establish a sight-line . It was like having cosmic vampiric abilities . Also , to add to replayability , there are a ton of special medals and bonus points you can get , for things like achieving the longest hot-swap , doing long jeep jumps , and destroying all of the road signs.There is some strategy involved here . You ca n't just run down the road blasting and expect to survive . You have to take cover , move along carefully and take your shot when it 's clear . That being said , you do n't have the squad level of command that some other games feature . You ca n't get an overhead view and set your guys up in formation , planning things out at a `` manager '' level . Your guys have reasonably good AI and act as best they can . If you want one of them to do something in particular , you have to `` take them over '' . The soundtrack is reasonably good - it gives a underlying ` movie feel ' to the game without really intruding on gameplay . The soldier chatter that goes on is on one hand done reasonably well , but on the other hand it gets tiresome after a while . I 'd almost like the ability to toggle between ` chatty ' comrades at the beginning of the game down to ` pensive and quiet ' ones near the end of the game.This game of course has an online component to it . It 's funny how some people feel online is the `` only way '' to play a game - while thousands of other people do n't have online connections and honestly do n't want them . I 've played a ton of online XBox games , but also love playing solo . In any case , if you WANT to play online , you have to make sure your net connection as tuned as possible . The game supports 24 simultaneous players so as you can imagine the potential for lag is incredible . Find players that have top notch connections and make sure yours is as high speed as possible as well.Well recommended !
 This game is one of the most fun games I 've ever played . For me it really rivals Halo 2 . Most people would probably disagree with that statement but it 's true for me . First let me just start out by saying that the single player is just a way to waste time while your wasting time . It 's so stupid and annoying . You basically play as one guy at a time while your stupid squad runs into oncoming fire . The only command you have over them is to tell a nearby soldier to get into the gunner seat of your vehicle . Anything more complicated than that and you will have to switch to him by the `` Hotswap '' feature . TO do that you have to be in direct sight of him anyway . Really not that fun if your used to games like ghost recon and rainbow 6 . The real reason that you want this game is for the online play which is great . If you do n't have xbox live then your going to pay around thirty dollars for about eight hours of annoyance for the single player . That 's if you have to repeat missions over and over because you fail . The multiplayer is where this game shines by far . It 's so much fun and I 'll tell you why . When I play Halo 2 online there is always some punk who takes the gun that I want and am good with and then I get owned because I have a crappy gun . In this you get to pick what guns you want before you respawn after death . You ca n't have a custom set you have to pick a soldier class . There 's assult which is basically an M16 whith an m203 grenade laucher and tou get a 9 mil pistol and flash and frag grenades . Then ther 's the sniper which has a sniper rifle -LRB- obviously -RRB- a silenced pistol which is basically worthless unless you are fighting another sniper close range . You also get smoke grenades and a laser designator for taking out vehicles and helicopters and what not . Perhaps the most important tool is the GPS unit which allows you to reveal enemy locations on your radar for a couple of seconds . It also reveals them to your teamates as well . Then there is the special ops class which is just the assult class with silenced weapons C4 and a knife . Then the engineer class which has a shotgun , rocket launcher , land mines , a blow torch for repairing vehicles . Then lastly there is the support class which has the SAW machine gun a medical auto injector -LRB- mobile first aid kit -RRB- and he can call in mortar strikes.The other thing that makes this game so much fun is that you do n't have to practice at it forever to be good . All you have to do is think . This game is not as much about how well you can aim as it is about strategy and teamwork . If you have played FPS 's before you 'll have no problem whith this game at all . Especially if you like military shooters.Another thing that is great is the vehicles . No matter what map you play vehicles are an integral part . More so on maps with helicopters . If you have someone who can decently pilot the thing the advantage is huge . You can fill up the passenger seats and fly over a high otherwise unaccessible spot and let your buddies parachute out . Another great part . If you find yourself hurling towards Earth then press the black button and pop out your parachute . It makes the game a little less real but it makes it a lot more fun.The ranking works like this : Three things are required for getting a promotion . You need medals for doing feats such as killing a certain nuber of people without dying or healing so many of your buddies in one life and things of that nature . You also need points which you get by killing enemies , capturing flags , taking over flag posts etc. . The third thing you need is PPH which I 'm not sure what that stands for but the more you win the more you get so do n't suck if you want to pick up a rank.The bottom line is this . If you like military shooters that are semi arcadish and you have xbox live then this is the game you 're looking for . If you do n't have xbox live then you 're wasting your money . Have fun .
 First of all , I want to clear up any issues regarding the `` game freeze '' during online play . EA has fixed this problem as of Friday October 28 , 2005 . They have added an auto-update that takes 10 seconds to load onto your Xbox , and it will allow you to play online without any freezing issues . Before this auto-update , I was only able to play online for a mere 10-15 minutes before the game froze on me . I played the other day for a solid 3 hours without any problems . EA has responded to this problem and I commend them for their quick response to this issue.Now , my review on Battlefield 2
 I got this game because my friend had it , and loved it , I bought it because it was only $ 30 . let me start off by saying that this game is a great ARCADE shooter , you ca n't exactly run around like crazy and jump around , cause you 'll get killed in two seconds flat . you have to take cover and walk down the street running from cover to cover , but its not Ghost Recon . The controlls are loose , but that could be a good thing depending on how you like to play . Vehicle controlls in battlefield flat out suck . driving cars isnt fun and accelrating/beaking gives you a hernia the first few times you play . driving tanks isnt so bad because you turn the turret differenly than the body of the tank . Helecopter controlls take some getting used to , but they get eaisier after a while . anyone who gets good at flying will be a vital asset to any team . The thing about vehicles is , any one can use them lethaly , but all those people will get owned sooner or later . the single player campan is interesting because you play from two perspectives ; NATO and Peoples ' republic -LRB- china -RRB- the two sides little differently , but the thing that gets you -LRB- or at least me -RRB- is the chinese voice acting is styriotypical and Clich&eacute; . The news reports that you watch at the end of each `` chapter '' -LRB- the levels are broken up into two or three levels as the chinese , then oyu play as NATO -RRB- you watch a feke news report recounting the events in a lame unimformed fashion . The big deal with the single player is the new `` hot-swap '' which is pretty strange , but keeps it different because instead of telling your teamates where to go and what to do , you take over them , and do what you want themm to do . the single player has 18 missions , but the missions are pretty short , but at he same time , can be pretty hard . Ive only played the multiplayer at the afoer-mensioned friend 's house because I dont have Xbox live -LRB- although im currently working on it -RRB- , but it reminds me of a slighyly more tacticle version of StarWars Battlefront 2 . the graphics in BF 2 : MC arent go-awful , but arent that great either . the character models are a little undetailed , but the vehicle modles are well detailed , and the level design is one of the outstandig features of this game . almost every building you can enter and get a better vantage point .
 I read other reviews and I must say I guess I bought this game at the right time . I play online 80 percent of the time and I had no problems with the online play - save one . At one point I could n't log on to EA 's site . This was easily fixed as someone on the XBOX website said to reset your time and date on your box to 01-01-01 at 12:00 am . Then you wo n't have a problem . Strange I know but effective nonetheless . And all the games I have played in are dedicated servers provided by EA and are broken down by East and West and as long as you stay in your area I have had very little lag and I almost did n't mention it because I have to try hard to remember when I did . Gameplay is very smooth and weapons are very realistic - well as realistic as we as gamers have been made to feel . Vehicles are a nice touch in this game like in Halo2 more than a few people can get in . In the large chopper you can get five in I believe . The ability to climb in rank is truly a nice touch . Nothing pushes me and I imagine many others to keep playing is to reach that next plateau . Nothing like dropping a higher rank from 300 meter with the sniper rifle . Spawning is pretty well thought out as online gamers are contantly fearing spawn campers . Controls are crisp and are the standard FPS we have all come to love . My only complaint we be there is no Slayer type game without objectives . No sharpshooter type free for all with all the carnage and thoughtless mayhem I sometime long for . In this title all we have to choose from in conquest ala Star Wars Battlefront and SWB2 and capture the flag ala every other FPS . Both are well done and the maps are better than almost any I have ever played . Very similiar to Ghost Recon sized maps though it does n't seem that way as you can use vehicles and the control points can be taken over and you can start in any team controlled point . I will also speak about the different classes available . There are also four diffent classes of soldier you can choose from everytime you spawn . They are Sniper , Support , Special Ops , and Assault . All have there uses and I find where I am on the map dictates what I will use . All in all this has taken over a lot of my halo 2 time on my XBOX which is no small task . I have purchased many other titles that still have n't put Halo 2 out of my XBOX but this has done a very good job . It 's worth the money especially since they have dropped the price . I think they did it to counter the bugs they had initially but once again that has been cleared up - good hunting .
 When I got this game I started by paying through the campaign to train up so that I would n't be awful on LIVE . The campaign was very enjoyable , with bunches of unlockable content , and huge missions . The hotswap ability brings a whole new dynamic to the game , and if you know how to use it right , you can get through the entire game without dying . With consecutive kills you can get bonuses which improves you weapons and overall ability , albeit temporarily.Multiplayer over LIVE is very fun , especially since the players are not as immature as they are in games such as Halo 2 . There is the occasional teamkiller , but due to the ability to vote to kick players , they generally do n't stay in the game long . It is very fun , and challenging.I highly reccomend this game . It will make you wish you had never bought Halo 2 , since you will probably never play it again .
 Given the single player mode isnt all that but like the other battlefield games you bought it for the online play and lem me tell you is it g ` damn awesome ... Now I was a lil sad when I popped in the game and found that the PC and xbox versions are nothing alike . . What I mean Is if you 've played the PC version then played the xbox version you 'll notice there are none of the maps from the Pc version which kinda sucks but some of the new maps are better than some pc ones ... Also , you can only fly choppers Atm , Supposedly there adding planes and more stuff for free so you ca n't complain about that as they 've already added 3 new maps and some more stuff for free and fixed for the most part all the lag in the game ... If your like me and sick of playing halo and getting modded and are looking for a game that 's fun , hard and doesnt have people cheating -LRB- cept boosting points -RRB- Then I reccomend picking this game up ... Sure it 's nothing like the pc version but with EA Adding new maps , planes , weapons , vechiles for free it 'll help come close ... 5/5 stars for xbox live play3/5 stars for single player
 its like a playground a playground of destruction , but , its to short buts its fun sure it doesnt compare to call of duty 2 and rainbow six . but its still a great first person shooter but its still has some flaws like when your shooting it doesnt kill them what the heck is up with that . but i give it a 3 out of 5
 I have played about 50 % of the missions in both games , so here are my comments.These are both fun ` modern day ' war games . You can drive jeeps , tanks and fly helicopters in both games.Mercenaries is a third person game -LRB- driving and flying is similiar to grand theft auto -RRB- . Battlefield is first person and plays like Medal of Honor except with drivable tanks and choppers.Battlefield has 20 ? large missions while Mercenaries has 90 ? smaller missions.to be continued
 Yo homie dis game is off da chain . I was rollin on my 24s playin this game . Fo sheezy dog . Spankin graphics . On level I was lightin some punks up with my big anus machine gun and I was like `` BUSTA CAP YO '' Peace Man
 From the Backyard Baseball series from the computer comes an updated version on the Game Boy Advance . With 30 MLB players and dozens of backyard kids to choose from , you can make the team of your dreams.Game modes include Single Game , Season , Home Run Derby , and Head to Head where two players can compete against each other . Single Game is great if you want to get in a quick game where you choose the number of innings 6 or 9 . In Season mode you can not only pick your team but also the logo and the uniform style , your team name , and the home field you want to play on . Home Run Derby is where you pick any person and see how many balls you can smash out of the park . In Head to Head mode players need not only a link cable but multiple game paks as well.When you pick your team , be sure to look at each person 's player profile before selecting them . Players have skill catagories that include batting , running , pitching , and fielding . In addition to their abilities , the profiles give you clues on how to power-up your player . For example , if you place both Sidney Webber and Ashley Webber on your team they will much better whereas if you only had one of them.When you are on the mound and at bat you can choose different types of pitches , types of swings , and batting stances . When on the mound , you can select each pitch you throw including heat , slowball , left hook , right hook , and walk . If you strike a batter out , you can get special power-ups like spitball , zig-zag , freeze ball , super slowball , etc. . Plus , you can pick the exact location of where you want to throw using the control pad.When you 're hitting , you select one of three hitting stances , open , closed , or square depending on where you want to hit the ball . You can also choose if you want to hit for power , a line-drive , grounder , or bunt the ball . If you are hitting the ball well , you get special power-ups like screaming line-drive , undergrounder , or aluminum bat.When you are on bases there are a few features that make this baseball game seem more life-like -LRB- not that it is n't already -RRB- . When on base you can steal -LRB- even home -RRB- by pressing the direction you want to go on the control pad . If you decide you can make it to the next base without getting out simply hit the direction on the control pad in which you have to run back to . If it is a close play at a baseball you can either run faster by pressing A repeatedly or slide by hitting R.This baseball game is truly magic . Although it appeals more to younger children , it is still fun and challenging for older people with several difficulty settings to choose from . This is definitely a must-buy for any baseball fan and for anyone that loves fun sports games .
 Backyard baseball is a game for kids and adults.It is just like the computer game except better!It has added major league players like Mike Piazza , Arod , Derek Jeter , and Barry Bonds.It has great graphics for a gameboy advance.And it has all the real aspecs of major league baseball like player stats , world series and you can also pick your league , your favorite major league team and other cool stuff.And you can do Homerun derby trade custom players to friends and play a ouick game.I recomend this game to any baseball lover and any one who loves to play video games.buy this game today !
 I first started playing this game in computer class and fell in love with it right away . What i like about it is that you can pick real MLB players , fake people , or create your own . You can also chose from real teams or fake teams . The levels and practice are really cool , for whatever may be your speed . Hope this review helped you , I have played this like over 100 + timesThanks !
 I got this game for my birthday . it was hard at first and then it got so easy . i went from scoring 3 runs to 20 runs a game!there are about 30 pros in the game . get it if your looking for a good baseball game for kids . get this game .
 Backyard baseball is de bomb ! i think it 's really cool that u can link and play and stuff like that . the only thing that 's not the perfect thing about the game is the created players , because you ca n't make them that good . but the good thing is that they gain experience points if you choose them in a season . i link with my brother all the time .
 Personally i 'm not a huge baseball fan.Ocassionally I watch a game but not too often.This game is great if you are a fan of baseball but i did n't like it that much.I am stinky at hitting home runs and I can not hit the ball often.You ahve to know some of the things in baseball and i really do n't get the point of this game anyway it gets kind of annoying sometimes like when you confuse your players with the ones on the other team.Also some of the games are hard and I usually strike out.I like this game but i would n't really recommend it if you are not a baseball fan.If you buy it and you have no idea what baseball is all about just remember I warned you !
 I think this is a great game for beginners . It should be for about ages 6-9 . You can learn stuff like how to swing at a fastball . This is a great game !
 Backyard baseball is a game for kids and adults.It is just like the computer game except better!It has added major league players like Mike Piazza , Arod , Derek Jeter , and Barry Bonds.It has great graphics for a gameboy advance.And it has all the real aspecs of major league baseball like player stats , world series and you can also pick your league , your favorite major league team and other cool stuff.And you can do Homerun derby trade custom players to friends and play a ouick game.I recomend this game to any baseball lover and any one who loves to play video games.buy this game today !
 Unlike many `` once and done '' games ... this game continues to provide hours of family fun .
 If you really love sports games and have played the featured backyard baseball for the PC and liked it then you will absolutely love this game . It has great graphics and alot of new features . The controls are simple and easy to get used to and learn . I highly suggest that you buy this game as soon as possible . I give it a rank of five stars .
 this game is awesome . i just got it today and i played it . its so much fun . its the exact same as backyard baseball for the computer game , maybe a little diffrent but its fun . this is an awesome game . get it if u like baseball . other games that are baseball ar n't as fun as backyard baseball.games i have that are great games
 I really enjoy this game , not only because it is fun to play , but because of how diverse this game is . There is a player who is on a wheel chair -LRB- not to mention is also an excellent ball player -RRB- , they 're girl ball players , the name of some of the characters come from a Hispanic , Russian , German , Japanese , etc backgrounds . Ball players that are various sizes , tall , short , skinny , etc. . This video game has it all . This game is a definate buy and should belong to everyone 's game collection .
 This is a fun game but where you get pros a a good thing , the bad thing is this game gets too easy too quick ! Nothing challenges the baseball until the play-offs . This game hold no interest and you can save only one file at a time . This game was made in a rush so do n't expect too much from this game . I 'm out !
 I liked this game but it was very frustrating . The frustratingthing was the controls . When I pressed the button to throw homeit would throw to the pitcher or to 2nd base . But other than that this was a good game . You control the outfielders and decide were to throw . You can pick what kind of pitch to throwand if you strike some one out you get a power up like elevator or cork screw . When hitting you can pick when to swing and how to hit it -LRB- power , line drive , grounder , or bunt -RRB- . You can also get power ups like aluminum bat or undergrounder .
 Barkyard Baseball , Football , Basketball , and Soccer are all musts for kids who like sports . They include lots of kids to pick from that kids can relate to real people . Some of their names are , Sidney Weber , Amir Chan , Pablo Sanchez , and Jocinda Smith . Plus you are treated to a list of thirty pros straight out or the majors . Unlike backyard Football that only has ten pros and basketball that only has two . This game has a two-player mode and a home run derby for fun on the run . For sports kids this is a must . Trust me , I 'm a kid too .
 Barkyard Baseball , Football , Basketball , and Soccer are all musts for kids who like sports . They include lots of kids to pick from that kids can relate to real people . Some of their names are , Sidney Weber , Amir Chan , Pablo Sanchez , and Jocinda Smith . Plus you are treated to a list of thirty pros straight out or the majors . Unlike backyard Football that only has ten pros and basketball that only has two . This game has a two-player mode and a home run derby for fun on the run . For sports kids this is a must . Trust me , I 'm a kid too .
 Seriously . This game is awesome . Seriously . By this game . Seriously . Take me seriously . Seriously . This game rules .
 YOU ALL KNOW THAT BACKYARD BASEBALL IS ON THE PC TOO , AND ITS AWESOME , ALONG WITH BACKYARD BASEBALL FOR GBA . ITS JUST ABOUT THE SAME , EXCEPT FOR A FEW THINGS , HERES SOME OF THEM , ABOUT HALF OF THE PLAYERS STATS HAVE CHANGED , EX . PUJOLS , EVERYTHING IS 8 OUT OF 10 . HERE THERE IS A BUTTON FOR SLIDING , IT COMES IN HANDY . EX . ON THE PC VERSION , PRETEND SOSA IS UP AND PETE IS ON 1ST BASE , AND YOU TELL PETE TO STEAL , AND THEN TELL HE TO GO BACK AND HE DOES N`T LISTEN AND SLIDES AND GETS OUT , AND SOSA HITS THE HOMER WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN A TWO RUN HOMER AND ONLY IS ONE , IN THIS GAME YOU TELL HIM WHEN TO SLIDE SO IN THAT CASE IT WOULD BE A 2 RUN HOMER , THE A BUTTON IS TO RUN AND B IS TO GO BACK ITS THAT EASY OR IT CAN BE SWITCHED AROUND IN ANOTHER CASE LIKE B IS TO RUN AND A IS TO GO BACK , AND R TO SLIDE . YOU CAN ACUALLY JUST SLIDE FROM BASE TO BASE , NOT IN ONE SLIDE THOUGH , YOU CAN EVEN SLIDE TO FIRST BASE , AND IN THE MLB YOU CA N`T . THIS ALSO HAS HOME RUN DERBY , YOU CAN DO 10 PITCHES , 20 PITCHES , 1 MINUTE , 2 MINUTES ETC. . AND YOU PICK THE FIELD , AND YOU CAN CHALLENGE THE COMPUTER , IF YOU DO N`T ITS KINDA LIKE BATTING PRACTICE . YOUR ALSO ALOUD TO MAKE UP TO 3 CUSTOM PLAYERS , AND THE MORE GAMES HE/SHE PLAYS THE MORE STATS HE/SHE GETS , YOU PICK WHERE THEY GO , BATTING , RUNNING , PITCHING , OR FIELDING . AND YOU CAN CHALLENGE YOUR FRIENDS IN SINGLE GAMES , HOME-RUN DERBY , AND TRADE YOUR CUSTOM PLAYERS WITH A LINK CABLE , AND REMEMBER , ALL YOU NEED IS ONE GAME PAK , BUT YOU NEED TWO TO TRADE YOU CUSTOM PLAYERS . THE ONE DOWNSIDE IS THAT SOME OF THE STATS ARE N`T FAIR , LIKE CARLOS DELGADO , TODD HELTON , JIM THOME , PHIL NEVIN ETC. . I JUST HAD TO WRITE THIS REVIEW BECAUSE I WANT EVERYONE TO LIKE AND KNOW ABOUT THIS AWESOME GAME , ...
 i love this game buy it it is soooooooo fun
 well , let me be the first to love this game . it 's art direction perfection . i wo n't say more .
 Gameplay
 Good GAME . My nephew likes to play this game , its what he wanted for christmas . I 'm glad i got it for him .
 I was a huge fan of SSX Tricky and SSX3 , and this game continues to hold my interest in the series . The change to the controls was not hard to adjust too , and the learning curve was n't very difficult either . The addition of ski 's was , while innovative , largely cosmetic in-so-far as I can tell .
 SSX is never fun alone but when you get a bunch of people together especially girls your always gon na end up burning up alot of clock time with this title .
 SSX On Tour is probably my favorite game , because i love sports , and this game is all about snowboarding . Also I snowboard in real life , and this game is so realistic , that I feel like i 'm really riding the slopes . If you are a good gamer , you would know that this game is right for almost anyone .
 Love this game thought it was fun and good and I love being on tour and turning pro.This game for me was a let lose relaxe type of game the graphic and main menu was good and its an all around good game i enjoy SSX3 and my expectation of this was also good ...
 This Game is a really good game . It 's good for adventurous teenagers . I Love this game .
 Wow , wat an amazing game . pure fun . sometimes it is verry difficould , but when you have completed a stunt you 're so happy that you will almost take the champain out of the refrigator , but you wo n't do that couse you only want to play further and complete the game.just a super game !!!
 this game is a very good idea . It has its faults , it is hard to beat but is that wrong . When someting is hard , I found more replay value in it . The controls are a little off but not bad . Just run through the missions while just passing the checkpoints to get a idea of what to do . When you are done you will accomplished something that was hard . The stunt stadium is a very fun part when you make you own stunts . When you get mad , just calm down and try it again . But think about it , it you did not want to finish the level and not care , then why are you restarting the game if it pisses you off ?
 This game is outrgeously fun and exciting , it is challenging yet simple . It is a great game for all ages and gendres . I really like that you can make your own stunts and test them to perfection . In a nutshell , this game is the best game i have played for PS2 and reccomend it to anyone and everyone .
 This a flippin class game the cars look brilliant so do the citys and the stunt arena if you see it in the shops when it comes out buy it but only if you like games like this one . there is loads of cars to jump and dump . and none of looks rubish if you do n't like you a dipstick .
 Stuntman is a fun and challenging game . People are kind of stupid saying about how the loading screens get annoying . They do n't at all . It gives you the time to think about what you did wrong on the stunt you just did or what the next stunt or movie is going to be about . Some people also said that it is n't good because there are no checkpoints and no way to start back up in the middle of a stunt . But in a real movie you ca n't just start in the middle of a stutnt . It might help if you had just a little patience and like challenging games . The graphics are good the director will tell where to go and what to do during the stunt . And then after you did all the stunts for the movie you get to see the trailer . Some of the stunts you did will be added in there . One of the best things about the game is the stunt construction . You can make the longest jump , smash into cars , jump over piles of cars , jump through flaming hoops , make explosions , or just wreck your car . When you do the stunt you can even choose between tons of awesome cars . This game is really good so go and buy it .
 Stuntman is a sweet game it is diffenitely worth the price . The only thing I do n't like is that u ca n't go out for a drive in a city like Midnight Club . But other words the game is well worth it if u are into high graphics and insane stunts in tricked out cars ... . u Diffinitely need to put this on ur Wishlist . If u are more of the racing type I suggest u purchase Granturismo3 .
 I was one of the lucky few ... ok a bunch of people who `` pre-ordered '' this from best buy , I got the shirt . I got it , and read reviews about it , and the reviews were mixed ; but since i loved the driver series , except for its insane difficulty . I wanted to give this game a go , at first i liked it ... . this is how the game basically went for me I would play and be like this is sweet , coolness replays make me laugh when i screwed up , i replayed and replayed . and along the way i would drop numerous `` F bombs , '' and `` MF 's '' and an insane amount of `` thats F * ing bs . '' I actually quite liked it , i just needed to take breaks between play so i would get an anurism in my brain . The unique style of gameplay , although super frustrating , had endings of sequences that were extremely satisfactory . Watching the tralers of the movies with your stunts in the trailer was an incredible idea , I kept saying to my mom , and friends , `` check this out , thats me ! i did that ! :D :D '' the game filled me with glee everytime i beat something insanely hard .3 things about the game made me want to stop playing , many times , the super annoying director guys voice ; and the horrible Frames Per Second , and gittery car physics . I swear the FPS in the game would never get above 50 , at most ; and when stuff was flying all over the screen forget about it , it was like watching a slow-motion replay . the guys voice was so annoying , ugh . . take 1 , take 2 , take 3 . ROLLING , i wish he would just be quiet if he knew what was good for him . Sometimes i would hit his cameras on purpose . hah.Car physics gets its own new paragraph , cause they were simply put ; MOON GRAVITY PHYSICS . Truly , the cars would hit a curb and bounce up in the air , or on the final level , smash curb and flip over ; in a lamborghini yeah ... right . I kept telling myself the gravity was like that so you could get air-born for the stunts . But a little bit of tweaking , would have made this game so much more playable and not throw controller down frustrating.I end this with the fact that i beat the game on Friday , 2 nights ago , well ... saturday morning . I really enjoyed the game , the replays were great , and i actually felt like i accomplished something great when i was done . not too mention that i can play all the missions again , for a few kicks . and forcing my sister to beat it makes her better at other driving games .
 Atari and Reflections Interactive teamed up to create an original and innovative driving game . In Stuntman 's career mode you start out as a rookie driver and progress though six different movie sets . On each movie you will have to complete three to five stunt sequences . Every time you complete a movie you will get to see a rendered trailer of the film with your stunt sequences in it . You will get to drive all different types of vehicles from sports cars to snowmobiles . There are also three driving games included - precision tests , speed tests and stunt tests . My favorite of these driving games was the stunt tests . There are ten stunt tokens placed throughout a course and you are given a limited amount of time to collect them all . Game trailers are also included for Driver 3 , Superman and Splashdown.The graphics are usually very good but there are occasional jaggies that pop up . The cars also take damage and parts fly off of them . The pedestrians on the street are not very detailed though . The sound is good and the game has a decent soundtrack . The voice acting in the trailers is great . The controls are decent and take very little time to get used to . The steering at first seemed a little stiff but you get used to it.If you get frustrated easy you should not even attempt to play this game . The levels are challenging and one false move could ruin the entire run . If there is a fault in Stuntman it is the load times . It takes awhile to load in between stunts and if you fail a stunt there is about a ten second load time till you can restart . The game has an average amount of replay value . I really enjoyed this game . There was nothing more satisfying than watching a replay of a stunt you just completed . This game is only recommended for those who are looking for a challenge .
 I bought stuntman about a week after its release . I started it up and was immeadiately hooked on the adrenaline pumping scenes . With that said , this game is HARD ! I 've had it since the release and i am still two levels from completing it because i get so mad at it i ca n't play it for a month or so ! The idea of the game is great , your a hollywood stunt driver , and you work on several fictious films . Although these films are not real , they have very obvious ties to films that are real -LRB- such as Indiana Jones and James Bond flicks . -RRB- Once you have finished the required stunts , you view a movie trailer , with your stunts spliced in , which is a great idea.As for the controls , they are something to get used to . Your average racing game will have X button to accelerate , Square button to brake and reverse , and the R1 button for handbrake . On stuntman this all the same , but the handbrake is moved to either the O , or Triangle button . Why this is neccasary , i have not the slightest idea , since the R1 button does nothing anyway . i also found it a bit bothersome that you were forced to work with the controls they gave you , there was n't a certain number of predecided settings , let alone a custom configuration.As for the driving mechanics of the game , they also take some getting used to . Every car will handle a bit differently and since you are in and out of new cars throughout the entire game , it does take awhile to familiarize yourself with the controls . in general the cars glide a bit more often than in most games , which can be both a good and a bad thing . It can be good when trying to make quick U turns , and bad when trying to weave in and out of traffic , and both are equally used throughout the game . This is only a small problem , because after about a 1/2 hour of actually driving , you get the light , or sometimes rough touch that the vehicles require.Another very nice aspect of the game is the stunt builder . Through the stunt builder you can actually set up your own show in a big arena full of fans , complete with roll bars jumps and loops , and then wreak havoc on it , and ultimately destroy your vehicle . Through the career mode , you gain more and more complex toys to insert into your vitual destruction derby , from stacked barrels , to a giant loop.In conclusion , you must understand that this game is EXTREMELY difficult . You will find yourself restarting the scenes of the first movies anywhere from 75 , to even 200 times before you have 100 % completion . Once you reach the final movie , you may find yourself restarting 100 to 250 times , depending on how good a driver you are . The game wil definately test your patience , but once you finish a movie and see that commercial , there really is no better feeling because you know that you finally did it!P.S.Many people complain about the long load time everytime you have to restart a scene . To remedy this problem , simply open the disc tray once you power on PS2 , and switch your system 's speed , load times will be much faster !
 I 'm tired of hearing kids who write their reviews , complaining that `` It 's too hard '' or `` They do n't hold your hand and explain what to do in every aspect of every new stunt '' , or `` I ca n't complete the stunt unless I perform it well '' . The game is rated `` Teen '' , so if you 're under 13 , do n't buy it . Go rent Ecco the Dolphin , or better yet , trade your PS2 in for a GameCube so you can play easy children 's games.The game can be described very simply . Anyone that 's ever seen an action movie has seen outrageous car stunts . This game lets you perform these stunts . Some of the stunts are even based on stunts from actual movies , like the 1970 's movie `` Hooper '' with Burt Reynolds . You tear through the town performing stunts , finally driving under the falling smokestacks and nitro-jumping the fallen bridge.The game is pretty hard , but a good part of its appeal is overcoming the difficulty and showing off your driving skills . Sure , you have to perform each stunt perfectly to succeed , but then how many movies have you seen where the stunts are performed sloppily or incorrectly?The physics are realistic , and although the graphics are not the best for the PS2 , it does n't detract at all from the game . The 5-10 second load times are annoying , but nothing to complain about.If you need an easy game to burn through in a weekend , this is not the game to get . If you want a good driving game in which you have to rely on your driving skills and grit to do well , this is your game .
 First off , this IS a very good game . Just be wary of what you are getting . If you want GT3 , then buy it , this game is technical , repetitive , frustrating , however , very rewarding when finished . Some of the stunts are extremely difficult and seem impossible at first , but how can you match the satisfication when you beat it and then watch the replay as a movie trailor?I did n't like the game that much at first . But , once I got past the first movie and got more into the stunts and wanted to go back and do them better , the replay value immediately went up and the game went into steady rotation in my ps2.You are NOT buying a racing game or GT3 . You ARE buying a game similar to the liscense tests in Gran Turismo , only wayyyy cooler , with an interactive environment , directions , and realism that ca n't be beat . IF that is what you want , then buy this game .
 It 's always great to watch explosive vehicle scenes and dangerous firey jumps in huge blockbuster movies . In Stuntman , those life - & - death situations are all part of your day-by-day agenda of pleasing the director and making a huge hit that makes the movie millions . Like bieng a real stuntman , you make it happen yourself , no matter how many tries it takes , which , truly , every stuntman must go through . ... In this game , you do have to get things as exact as possible-just like real stuntmen . You have to do 180 degree turns and barrel-rolls in multiple cars very precisley , just like real stuntmen . The name alone , Stuntman , must get those `` frustrating '' parts across to people so that they see how much like real life this game has turned out to be . It 's very fun to do these great action scenes , and you do it for different movies . What 's also cool is that you start out as a rookie for a low-budget movie , and soon with dedication , your the coolest guy on the movie set performing daredevil tricks in multi-million box-office smashes ! And after your movie is finished , all of your hard worked scenes are put together in a great movie trailer . There were times when I was saying , `` Wow ! I actually did that ? '' Stuntman is truly a great game for any gamer . With great missions , heart-pounding explosions and the feel of adrenaline after every perfectly executed stunt , this game lets you know how it feels to truly be a Hollywood Stuntman !
 When I started playing this game I nearly through my gamepad through my TV set , but when you start to get the hang of the controls , and finish the first scene the game gets alot better ! All of these people reviewing the game are complaining that the game is too hard and frustrating , which I agree with , but that is what makes this game so good ! I 'd rather play a challenging game in which you have to do every scene almost perfect , instead of some easy game where you can save at any time.If you are looking for an easy game do not get this one , but if you are looking for a challenge Stuntman is the game to get .
 I think this game is awesome because you do stunts that are in movies and after you do them you see them on the movie and if you do n't get stuntman you got a bad game
 As soon as I saw the ads for this game I wanted it . But then I read all of these negative reviews and hesitated for quite some time . In spite of that , I recently broke down and bought it and have not been disappointed at all . I spent an entire weekend playing this game and never once got tired of it . This game definitely requires patience , however . If you are looking for an easy game to finish quickly , then this is not for you . However , if you want a top-notch , realistic driving game then buy Stuntman . Granted , you may have to attempt a scene many times -LRB- took me 21 tries to get one scene right -RRB- . But this is part of what makes this game so enjoyable . Stunts in the movies are done perfectly , so why would you make a game about movie stunts that does not require the same ? It also seems that people are really hung up on the loading between scenes . True this happens , but it is only 5 seconds and never once did I feel frustrated while waiting for it to load . You are too pumped up waiting to restart the stunt . The graphics are fine , the physics of the game are very lifelike , and the feeling of watching the movies trailer that contains footage of the stunts you spent all the time and hard work creating is awesome . This is a game for adults who enjoy a challenge . Enough of these young kids posting that this game is too difficult . It is not too difficult , they are just too impatient and lack the attention span to keep trying until you get it right . If you stick with it you will get all of the stunts done , and then I 'm sure that you will agree with me that this game is extraordinarily fun and worth every penny .
 In past experience i have played well over an estimate of 200 games and out of all those games i found that StuntMan is not a game its a challenge there is no game to it its thinking without the brain its do your best and dont mess up because if you do you will not only fail but will have to wait the 2 minute load time which may seem like not a long time but when you want to start the stunt over and marvel at the challenges true spectacular colors it is a long time this is a 5 - star challenge and isnt for the impatient i noticed that the average amount of stars for this challenge estimated up to 3 stars well that is what most people want you to think but the truth is that this game is hard yes -RRB- but it is also meant for hardcore gamers so if you a newbie back off and buy yourself a diddy king game this one is for the big boys surely and most likely they will make a stuntman 2 only then will these -LRB- 1-star reviewers -RRB- notice that it is such a great challenge Stuntman is hard but worth time
 Stuntman is really hard . REALLY HARD . But , that does n't matter . Its fun . Thats what matters . The game will be addictive , even though difficult , because I know I was addicted . Then again , the difficulty may be too much for some gamers . Its kind of a draw . Either way , Stuntman is very good at delivering you very intense action packed movie scenes , and I mean INTENSE . Its a different feeling from most games . You get so into that one stunt your performing , and it just feels so `` intense '' . Its fun . One drawback is that the game has LONG loading times when loading up the explanation for each level . Then , if you mess up after each stunt , you will have to restart , which means MORE loading , but shorting loads . Get it ? Well , all you need to now is , Stuntman 's two biggest flaws are its big difficulty , and its long load times . Thats about the worst combination you can have for flaws in a game since the game has to load each time you restart a stunt , which will be very frequently . The gameplay is overall very fun , the cars control like Driver 2 , each controlling differently , and its very fun to unlock new cars and toys in the career mode . After completing each movie , you get to watch an FMV of the movie 's preview with your stunts in the trailer . That was very fun , its fun to show them off to your friends . The career mode is decent , but the Stunt Constructor/Arena is better . You can blow off some steam from the difficult career mode here by testing out the cars you won with your hard efforts , and the stunt toys , come up with some cool combinations , and there you go . Its almost endless replay value . Its very fun indeed . Luckily , after that there is still Driving games which vary from Checkpoint racing , to prescision driving , and finally a mode where you must collect S coins before the time runs out . They are fun , but not the best part of the game . Still , they add some good replay value . The graphics in Stuntman are n't that great , they mainly look like hi-res versions of Driver 2 's , and there are lots of jaggies , but observe the environments , and you can tell that some good work went into developing them . The sound is Stuntman is good , with a good main theme , and some good backround music . The director 's voice may get repetetive , but that did n't really annoy me at all . Speaking of the director , I 've heard some complaints that he does n't tell you the stunt you have to do until right before you do it . Well , my opinion
 The makers of Driver are back to make an exciting new game ! I was never a huge fan of the Driver series , but this games concept made me have to have it . Just think , you are a stuntman for a multi-million dollar production . You are required to jump off ramps , crash into things . cross bridges right before they blow up , and tons of more action-packed things . You 'll enjoy every second of it.This game has six movies , each with multiple stunt sequences . Each of these stunt sequences make you perform about ten stunts quickly and accurately . The stunt sequences are very hard . You might find yourself spending up to 8 hours trying to complete one stunt sequence . However , it is all worth it in the end . The game is very fun and challenging.There are a few things that cause the huge difficulty of Stuntman . For one , the clock gives you barely any time , so any mistake is fatal . Also , you ca n't just complete the level . You also have to complete a huge percent of the stunts . However , after completing a stunt sequence , you will be very happy with your accomplishment.There is a very fun mode that let 's you cool off from the difficulty of the main game . This extra mode is the stunt arena . It let 's you set up stunts and then perform them . You can create stunts using stunt toys you unlocked in the main game . This mode is actually pretty exciting , so I suggest you try it.There is only one real problem that plagues Stuntman . The problem is that the game has very long loading times . The loading times for the animations and when you start a new stunt sequence are about 20 seconds . -LRB- There are many of these . -RRB- Every time you fail a stunt sequence , you sit through a 6 second loading time.What about the control ? Well , the game has nice control and physics . I sometimes have a few problems with crashes . Almost nothing in the game is breakable except the things you need to break for a stunt . If you crash , you have no chance of finishing the stunt sequence in time.Stuntman has pretty good graphics and excellent sound effects . The music can get pretty boring very easily , but that 's okay . None of this detracts from the gameplay , so you 'll be fine.If you 've ever wanted to be a Stuntman , or you just love pure action , you have to check this game out . It is an incredible game that you must play at some point in your life . Just try to sit through those loading times . -LRB- And make sure you have plenty of free time . -RRB-
 I really liked this game . It is a little hard , but if your any good at driving games , you should n't have a problem with it . It is a fun and exciting game . This game is a must have !!
 Let me say that Stuntman is a great , innovative and purely fun game . Any negative reviews that come about are because of the difficulty . The impatient hate it ; others will think that the fact that this is the most challenging game they 've played in awhile is great . Stuntman is something you should rent first to see if you can deal with the frustration factor . Expect to replay stunts MANY times , as the game is not very forgiving , but why should stunts be easy ? Thats why stuntmen are few and far between . Do n't expect something like Driver along the lines of gameplay.The reason I 'm giving Stuntman a rating of four stars instead of five has been stated before - the loading times are atrocious . You 'll load for half a minute to watch a cinema less than 10 seconds long , then load again for an explanation of the stunt , then load again . You 'll load as many as three times before actually playing , and the fact that each mission will have to reload to replay makes for a very long waiting period ...
 There is indeed a line where games go from difficult to downright frustrating . Those who complain about Stuntman 's difficulty surely have n't been around long enough to play truly hard games from past eras -LSB- Driver 2 for example -RSB- . That said , Stuntman gives enough challenge to where it is not a cakewalk , but is n't crushingly difficult either . The quick action scenes with nimble driving and a director who instructs constantly make for one incredibly fun game . It is quite long , and has multiple missions of varying types and variety . One moment , you could be operating a British police-car , chasing down baddies , while the other has you at the helm of a snowmobile escaping from a helicopter ! The movie-parodies are simply great , and the replays really do show off how well you 've driven . It is a large challenge for sure , but once you do beat the level , nothing gives you more of an accomplished feeling .
 This is great because all the different vehicles handle differently such as tank , sports cars and snow mobiels and so on . The vehicles take 10 mins to get the hang of and the car handling is close to perfection . The missions are innovative by having to go up ramps to land on to a moving boat and jumping through moving trains and alot more.Most of the missions are impossible to do on your first go . I realy liked the James Bond type mission where your in a white sports car and your bombing it down the motorway whilsts dodging traffic then towards the end you go up a ramp to trash through office buildings windows . It gives you an addreneline rush especialy when on the motor way.The bad thing is the loading times take something like 20 secs and that 's twice as long as your average game and it happens when failing a mission so frustration might creep in but I was always looking forward to starting again.Not all the driving bits are fun because you have to romote control your car in a birds eye view at 1 time and it tries to make you imagine the James Bond bit in Tommorow never dies or the world is not enough and it does n't work.This is worth buying if your intested in stunts .
 time to step it up to the big games this is a great game for u and yur friends to enjoi great game to have a file with ur friends i luv the fast paced action of the game who ever dosent like it dosent like the game just dont like the challenge buy it if u like to game .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Well Actually their problem is lack of patience.This game is to go behind the screen and perform stunts for films.If you think that you have patience , only then by this game.Some fools have rated it low because they say that it has long loading screens but if you want it run fast , then without puting any DVD open your PS2 and then press TRIANGLE button and then change the speed of your PS2.I have done so and now i have that loading screen just for 10 Seconds.Well if you have patience i hope you will enjoy this fantastic game .
 Stunt Man is a very exciting game and once you start playing it , it 's hard to stop . It 's a challenging game
 This game is great!What 's so diffrent about it from other games is that you never get sick of it.No matter how many tries it takes you to beat a scene -LRB- wich will be many times -RRB- you never get tired of it.Sure the first time it loads it takes a little while.But after that , it just takes about 10 seconds.This game is so great and so fun , that when I grow up , I want to be a stuntman !
 This game is a little too hard for someone who does n'thave a driving game skills . But in every mission the guy -LRB- director -RRB- will tell you what to do and you haveto do it !! If not , you 'll get a red mark . once theSpace bar full of red mark , you will fail your mission.I hate it when I suppose to chase the bad guy ! if youloose him , you failed the mission , If you 're not complettethe stunts -LRB- objectives -RRB- , you failed the mission , and ifWreck or overturn your car you failed the mission.This game is amazing but a little hard for people whohate driving .
 Stuntman is a fun but hard game i had truble beating the first couple of levals but i beat sevarl levals in one day that i rented it i meen i rented this game and loved it.It doesnt have gooood grapfics just so so grapfics and its gameplay is good i just love love love this game.But it costs -LSB- $ -RSB- not exactly a walk in the park lol.I have Driver2 and its a good game its alot like Stuntman and the grapfics on Stuntman are alittle bit better than Driver2 so if you like Driver2 you will like this game ... This is a good game get it !
 this game is wicked!It has superb graphics , and is very easy to play.There are plenty of levels to play and the price is good value for money !!!
 01010010 01101111 01101111 01101111 01100001 01100001 01110111 01110010 00100000 01101001 01110100 01110011 00100000 01100110 01110010 01101001 01100111 01100111 01101001 01101110 00100000 01100100 01100101 01101100 01101001 01100011 01101001 01101111 01110101 01110011 00100001
 Awsome graficts and great game play , but it is too easy and all you can do is do stunts , you ca n't just take a ride like in Driver 2 ! If you want a great game where you can race around I recomend Spy Hunter ! But it is a good game to have , Buy it !!!!
 Stuntman is simply great . Its the most challenging game you 'll find around now . Do n't be fooled by the 1 star ratings of those who grew frustrated - DIFFICULTY does n't make a game BAD . If you 're looking for a game with great physics , gameplay , innovation and graphics , Stuntman is definitely the game you 're looking for . An average score of three stars is grossly underrated ! This game is rated TEEN for more than one reason .
 I like this game so much I want to keep it forever . The first thing I liked is the short video they have on stunts in the old days . Then they show you a present day stunt where a car pops a tire jumpng over a truck . That is really cool!The game is hard - but I still like it . I ca n't get past the first level . The best part is when you get to build your own track , and do your own stunts .
 i loved this game when you use cheats ! you can have all the cars , all the missions are done , all the arena toys , and you can also get a monster truck !! it rocks
 I had been waiting for stuntman since I heard of it.I really had a fun 30 times try for a single stunt.The game can be annoying at times , but it all pays off.Especially the trailer you get to see of the movie.It 's pretty cool how you get to see your actual stunt on the trailer.The stunt constructor mode is also pretty cool.You could really have a fun time flying 5o feet in the air and slaming right into a pile of cars.I think stuntman still rocks even though the graphics could have been better.I loved stuntman , and think you should give it a try too .
 Yes , Stuntman is a hard game . Yes it is frustrating when you have to start over on a stunt . Yes , the load times are somewhat slow . NO , THIS IS NOT A BAD GAME!Yes it could be improved on , but most games can . Yes GTA3 and GT3 are both fantasticly fun games . But are those not frustrating ? Any decent game should be a little frustrating , otherwise it would be too easy , and you people would complain about that . I would not reccomned this game for people that are not patient or are looking for a game like GTA3 . This game is not open-ended , it is very strict about what you do unlike Driver or GTA3.The Stunt Constructor is very fun to play with , but you can not add many items before the memory gets full . By playing through the levels you can unlock more items to add to your stunts.Bad things about this game , and things to improve on : Load times are slow , and you need to wait eveytime you want to re-start a stunt.Lacks good replays . There is no Director Studio like in Driver which added much fun , and there is no slow motion . I ca n't believe they did n't add slow motion to a game where you crash cars . Also , the Auto Camera in replay mode is pretty bad at finding your car at the right times.Music gets annoying in the different movies , especially when you have to replay the levels all the time to get the stunt right.Needs stunt fly-through to show you where you need to go , and what the objectives are rather than some FMVs about roughly what you need to do.This is still a good game , but needs improvements . Just do not buy it if you want something like GTA3 - they are NOT THE SAME type of game ! Otherwise , buy it !
 I waited and waited for this game to come out and when the game finally came out i went to wal-mart and bought it with no hesitation . I really liked the game alot and played it for about 3 hours and got the first scene for the first movie done . I unfortunatly could not get past the second scene without the help of my friend casey . once he beat the second scene i got all the way to the monster truck arena challenge . This game is not for gamers that like easy games . This has been the first game i didnt beat in a 24 hour period . so if you think you got what it takes to beat this game and you want something to keep you entertained buy it !
 Buy this game if you 're smart at driving . If you do n't , Rent it first or play the demo before you buy it.In this game , you and the Director are partner.The Director will speak and tell you what to do overthe radio and Your job is to do what The director toldyou to do , like
 When I heard this game was coming out I just could n't wait . I played it all night . It is true that it is hard at times , but it is not impossible . I got up to the 5th movie by the 2nd day I had it . That 's when it got hard and took me a week to get to the next movie . Right now I am on the next to last stunt of the last movie . And I still love this game !!!
 I tought this game is hard & bad , but I justplaying it and have fun with it . And when Ifailed , I 'll try it again and again till youfinish the mission . that what makes thisgame AWSOME & AMAZING ! I know that you 'll needa driving skills to Play this stuntman game , but do n't worry cause the director will tell youwhat to do.And another Great thing about this game is that youhave to complette each stunt mission to get abonus items for use in the stunt arena .
 It took me 20 minutes to beat a ... 30sec . level , the first one . That is the only reason i kept playing , i got -LSB- upset -RSB- at the game . But then the more i played the better and harder -LRB- much -RRB- it got , so i played until my rental was done , buy it when the price drops . Oh yah , the best part of the game is the stunt constructer .
 Who said this game is bad just cause it could get a tiny bit hard at times doesnt mean its not fun.I mean of course ur gon na give up if ur so impationt and need cheats and walkthroughs just to have some fun i mean if u need to have ur fragile little hand held the whole time ur playing.This game is realistic , fun , challenging , good graphics kind of like a need for speed and grand theft auto 3 combined game.I never wouldve guessed that atari made this game but they outdid themselfs.This game is beautiful in any way and if ur looking for a good game thats challenging get stuntman.Oh yeah and if u get anoyed of the loading time that barely bothers me and a lot of people i know and it only loads long between stunts and u wont be getting through them fast anytime soon ... hehehe ...
 This game is sometimes very hard , but a patient gamer should be able to enjoy it . The stunt constructor is cool , but you 're only allowed to put a small number of ramps and toys in the arena at one time . The stunts are always exciting and the cars are nice , but they can get wrecked very quickly . My main gripe is that when the car barely nicks a wall or obstacle it stops and pieces fly everywhere . All in all , though , its definitely worth buying .
 This game is a little too hard , but is notthat hard if you pay attention when you ` redriving . Just do n't go too fast and do n'tgo too slow either cause you 'll messed up the whole thing.Look out for other car cause ifyou 're too late or too slow , They willblocked your way . I 've done 5 moviesso far and have about 11 stunt arenas .
 This game rocks the house yo ! I love it and my sisters love it their boyfriends even love it . I 'm a fan of Driver so this was a must have . My mommy tucks the game in with me every Tuesday and Friday . It makes me want to go out and take my mom 's minivan off a ramp into a muddy ditch !
 Only hardcore game fans of percision and accuracy should bother picking up this game . It requires a lot of patience to tackle the challenges of this game . It 's guess-and-test with each level , some parts can be absolutely luck based . The vehicle mechanics can be somewhat frustrating at times , you 'll find yourself overwhelmed with obscene outbursts as you watch your car magically flip itself after a slight tap . The soundtrack is fitting but it becomes redundant as you attempt the same level for the 30th time , so whether it 's off or not makes no difference . Bells and whistles are alright , but eventually the director becomes a pain . The reward system grants toys and cars to use your stunt arena , which is really no use to you until you finish the game . The assortment of vehicles is vast , but for a true sense of speed look elsewhere this is a tactic based driver . If you 've got the patience and memory for a objective based driver , then pick this up , 10 bucks through amazon is well worth the price of admission . If the game frustrates you , get your friends in the mix , I find that beginner 's luck actually works in a few places . Sometimes , throwing the controller at whoever is nearby helps too .
 First of all , why does everyone hate this game ? I just rented it and it is one of my favorite games . I 'm going to buy it when the rent is up . Anyways , does everyone think it sucks because it 's very challenging . Thats a pathetic excuse . Thats great about this game is it ca n't just be bought overnight . Sure the scene stunts do get a little aggravating when you got to do them a couple of times . But it 's all great in the end when you get to see the replay . Honestly , would the game be great if it was easy?I see great potential in this game . As I 've played through half the game already , I only have seen one flaw , the fact that in some stunts it does n't explain the way to go -LRB- directions -RRB- that well . There 's been a couple of times where I do a couple 360 's just trying to find the next objective . But other than that this game is a very good game . I ca n't wait for the sequel . This game is only for the hardcore gamer wishing for a challenge and not your everyday pre-teen fast and furious wannabe . If you 're unsure about the game rent it . Like I did .
 This game I would say has awesome and realistic stunts that you can enjoy . Have fun crashing and driving all different vehicles .
 In this game , you are a driver of many different vehicles from Monster Trucks , Cars , Jeeps , Motorcycles , Snowmobiles , and Vans . You go through many segments that make up a movie which you watch once your done with the segments . The game can get very difficult in some scenes . I have tried some scenes at least 50 times before I completed it , that is how hard it is . There is n't a difficulty setting either . Practice makes perfect when your playing this game . They should have made it easier so you would n't be stuck on one level for 3 days , but I guess that is why the game is so short . It has a very fun stunt constructor mode , where you set up ramps , cars , and fire rings for your car to demolish . It is very fun . The whole game in itself can get pretty addicting , but once you figure you ca n't complete a level after trying it 40 times , you pretty much just give up because it is so annoying . I am not sure if I wanted to get the second one or not because of this , but overall , it is a cool game and deserves at least 4 stars .
 My husband and son -LRB- OK - me too -RRB- LOVE this game . It has some challenges that make it interesting and wanting to come back for more . Most games we buy seem to be so simple that the fun does n't last for long . This game not only takes you to a new driving level for your skills , but incorpaorates making a movie also ! It may not be the best game for very young kids that do n't have much experience with PS2 yet and using the controls , but for the avid player it is an exciting adventure that does n't make you feel like after a few times of playing your money has been wasted . This game is definitely worth the money !
 At first , I really liked playing this game and I was not too concerned about the reviews saying it was too hard.You may recognize that the stunts in the game were based on real movie stunts like in Hooper , Dukes of Hazzard , Indiana Jones , and James Bond.Unfortunately , the game is ridiculously hard and unforgiving , killing most of the fun of playing it . It is a poor reason to give the game longevity by making you repeating the scenes about 20 times to get it somewhat correct to move on in the career mode . In the 1st couple of scenes , you drive a muscle car that does n't accelerate very well and you are chasing another car . If you fall too far behind , you fail the scene . So if you make even the slightest mistake , you can not possibly catch up to the lead car.Before each mission , a cutscene plays that gives you some insight into how stunt work is done , with careful planning and practice , yet when you do the stunt , you have no information about the stunt at all and are reacting to the director barking out orders like `` pass on the left '' or `` hit the barrels '' which gives you little time to react . And you have to do all the objectives in series in one take . The physics are unforgiving , and the cars do n't handle well at all.I struggled through this game all the way up to the last James Bond type Movie , where I just got fed up . They finally give you a fast enough car to drive , but its so ridiculously light that the wheels hardly stay on the ground . And its so delicate , that even the slightest bump will flip the car over and wreck it.So what should have been the most fun mission in the game turned out to be the straw that broke the camel 's back.In summary , playing this game feel like you are threading a needle perfectly the first time , then having to do it over and over and over again . Its nerve-racking , frustrating , and pointless.Get Grand Theft Auto instead and do your own stunts your own way whenever you want with whatever car you get .
 This is the best game I 've ever played . It kept me playing hours at a time . Its really cool to watch the movie stunt you just performed . You also get a great feeling when you pass a stunt because they are so hard -LRB- good thing -RRB- whereas other games are too damn easy and get boring after awhile . Not this one !
 THIS IS A VERY COOL GAME . I LIKE THE FACT YOU CAN DO WHAT A REAL STUNTMAN DOES . I STAY UP TILL ABOUT 1:30 AT NIGHT NOW THAT SCHOOL IS OUT PLAYING STUNTMAN . BUT I DO NOT LIKE HOW YOU CAN ONLY HAVE SO MANY THINGS ON THE PART WHERE YOU BUILD YOUR OWN TRACK . BUT I REALLY DO LIKE THE CARS FROM THE VIPER TO THE TOW TRUCK . AND I REALLY LIKE TO JUMP OVER STUFF LIKE CARS .
 Well ... . you are a stuntman and really want to impress John Woo . Graphics are extremely great !! the buildings , roads , and damages to the car !!! are so real . You have to perform several stunts in several cities around the world !! ALso you 'll get a chance to ride TUK TUK !!! the Thai traditional 3 wheels motorcycle . How GREAT !! But whatelse !!! this game has nothing else after you completed the stages ... nothing challenging !! but this gives a new trend to the game world ! Rent it instead -LRB-^_^-RRB-
 I do n't think the game deserves an average customer review rating of 3 so people will think it 's mediocor . This is up there with the best like Grand theft auto vice city , wwe Smack Down ! here comes the pain OR THE GREAT PLATFORM GAMES ... The problem with this game are the graphics -LRB- are n't the best -RRB- . There 's the most trile and eror ever in a video game and I like that because every time I failed I could n't wait to replay the car stunts after the anoying loading times , nobody wants to complete a game in a day . My friend who is okay at video games took 2 - 3 hours to complete a stunt -LRB- by failing alot -RRB- in the second movie -LRB- the one where you drive your car go over a roof through a chimney then through a middle of a train -RRB- . People are putting it down because it 's hard -LRB- this world is not made of hardcore gamers -RRB- . A game that 's easy -LRB- Ninja Gaidan on xbox -RRB- is being called hard and that 's is wrong -LRB- except for final difficulty and people still complain over normal and hard -RRB- .
 I give Stuntman 4 stars because it is a good game . The only problem is that it is rediculously hard . You need alot of patience with this game . Ive had this game for a long time and still havent finished it . Ive lost interest in playing it because the last level is just too hard , and i dont have any more patience for this game . Another con is the long loading . It has to load every time , whether it is starting the scene over or going from one cut scene to the other . They take so long . But once you get past the difficulty and loading time , the game is pretty good . The graphics arent the best but are very good , and the controls are pretty responsive . The movie titles are kinda funny too . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 1st to point out , this game IS a small let-down unless you are a true genius in games . However , it got me hooked . The first few levels were quite easy , so I got passed them after a few tries . But it gets more and more difficult later on . However , MONEY AINT FREE . Obviously the creators of this game were trying to bring a stuntman 's career into a game . Therefore , this game involves doing things OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER again . It is basically just a like a movie . It 's normal to repeat takes.The graphics are n't too shabby either . . certain things are quite realistic . Though , there are obviously certain things that need improvements as well . For example , the vehicles ' physical damage is a disappointment ... great to see bumpers and small pieces flying off . However , that is about it . The worse you can possibly to do a vehicle is having the side panels or doors flying off -LRB- even only after a couple relatively minor hits ! -RRB- , while the rest of the the frame and the vehicle is in near-perfect shape . They made it as if all those parts are clipped onto the cars . It would have been a lot better and more realistic if say , major dents ; a twisted or crushed front/rear end ... or roof , after rolling over a few times . Overall , probably a 3.5 out of 5 for the graphics . The replays and movie trailers are quite enjoyable to watch as well , though not overly great.Timing is a big factor as well , so it may involve some throwing controls or kicking the TV . I do agree with some people complaining how this game has been made a little too difficult , especially with the unmerciful clicking clock . It is the most frustrating when you are 1 or 0.5 a second away from reaching your final destination ... and you have to start all over again . But I can assure you will get used to the tracks , etc. . . though possibly after a million times at the harder levels :--RRB- Though I would still say that is another part of the game that needs a little improvement ... Other than these , and a couple recording and signage errors in the snowmobiling levels , the game overall is pretty good despite the fact that I have pointed out more negatives than positives . It is something a little different from many other car games . If you are into stunts , and doing jumps ... and patient , you may enjoy it .
 I do n't understand why people give only 1 star to a game because it 's hard . Games are meant to be a challenge . Games are also meant to be rated on graphics , control , replay value , etc. . The game does need a little more replay value , but other than that the game 's great ! I agree completely wth the gamer from Brooklyn on this . This game should n't have a 3-star rating because of it 's difficulty .
 This game my not be for everyone , but it sure was fun for me ! Sure there is a pause for the loading screen every time you start over , but the game playcannot be beat . And who ever wrote that you ca n't skip the movies before each level was wrong , just press the `` Start '' button , it skips them every time . It has taken me about an hour to finish each movie , a long time compared to some games , but that 's what makes it fun . And sure I have tossed the controlleracross the room a few times in frustration , but in the end all the levels are finshable . It just takes some time . If you do rent this game , take a few days and really learn it , because if you do you will be as addicted as me ! Have fun !
 this game is stress free because i got the cheats . see i know that i should n't be telling people this but what the ... i played this game w/o any cheats just the strategy guide and it was extremely difficult to land stunts . so a couple of days ago i was looking is a EGM magazine and in the back i found the cheats for the game . i think it was the september or october issue.i think this review should be the most helpful to you because look at it this way , you pay -LSB- money -RSB- for this game give or take and it is frustrating so why give atari the satifaction of knowing that they basically ripped you off for -LSB- money amount -RSB- . i say enjoy the game because it really is fun . now i can enjoy the game by unlocking cars , stunt circuits and everything else . and best of all i do n't waste my money.if you do n't have acess the EMG magazine you might give up on the game . but do n't give up yet on the stunt genre because it is n't fair for the upcomming CHASE for Xbox , i think this one will be fun . OVERALL
 This game is awsome.My friend and i rented it about a month ago and had a ball playing it.In the arena we put two jumps on the straight and cleared both.We also put a pipe-rail stunt on the side.If you like action and cars , this is the game for you .
 I got this game the week it came out -LRB- June 25th , 2002 -RRB- . I played it WITHOUT the cheats and I beat it by September 18th . trust me it 's not as hard after you get used to it .
 I just recieved my playstation 2 not too long ago and was really anxios for the new games coming to it . I decided to try stuntman based on curiosity and some hype i heard about the game . It has n't disapointed me the least bit . It is a little challenging at times but that 's what i find fun is that it 's gon na take a while to beat and master . The stunts are amazing and i love the directors camera angles and the movie trailers ... A definite by for any car fan or a regular playstion gamer
 Stuntman RULEZ ! ... I do n't care what any of you guys think . Most of you rate it by its difficulty , or how long the load times are , but really Stuntman is AWESOME ... The graphics might not be the best , sound might not be either . The physics are kind of tedious -LRB- say you run over a curb and it sometimes thinks you drove into a brick wall -RRB- . But really it is cool ... And one of reasons it 's cool is if you do something that in real life that would probably kill you , in Stuntman you can keep going ... And also the arena is cool too !! Say you drive a monster truck up a loop , when you get to the top drive off and you can do lots of flips . And since the tires are so big , you 'll just keep bouncing until you land up right !! Or set up four ramps and 3 car launchers you drive up one and trigger them just right for a mid-air collision . So really , anyone that gives this a low-score is probably a LA-Z-Boy and does n't want to spend too much time on one level . So not everything is perfect ... but that 's what sequels are for . So really this is one -LRB- out of the many reasons -RRB- to buy a PS2.TheZ-man
 first , for all you who think this game is impossible , its really not , its challenging , but not impossible . the plot is cool , nice graphics , and good gameplay . the bad part
 At first i thought this game -LSB- was n't good -RSB- ... i couldnt beat the 1st level . However , when I decided to stick to it , i got it after a few tries . Even though the missions are very hard from the beginning , trying them a couple of times should let you complete each stunt . The replays are awesome , and its great to see yourself doing those things ! . One graphical problem i had is that the game doesnt seem to support progressive scan for HDTVs , it had many jaggies and sharp edges unlike most other ps2 games . -LRB- maybe the other games dont either , im not sure , but they may just have better engins -RRB- finally , a loading screne after each take is annoying , but doesnt -LSB- ruin -RSB- the game in any sense . I would recommend it to anyone who wants a funa challenging game , or anyone who enjoyed driver and other similar titles .
 This game is great . You can do about anything in the freestyle or stunt construction area and the graphics are so good that it looks like it is real . It 's one of the best games for PS2 .
 I 've been playing this game for a couple of days now . I 'm almost to the end of it , but its only because thats pretty much all ive been doing . But even after you beat it there is a really fun stunt arena to make your own stunts in . I can understand how some -LRB- or appearantly a lot -RRB- of people would get frustrated with this . But if you have patience you will love , you might want to give it a rent though to see if it 's your style . The stunts take almost perfect driving to complete , but you ' r really happy with yourself after you 've completed a really hard one . Probably the worst thing about Stuntman is the load times if you mess up . It probably wouldnt be as frustrating if you did n't have to wait so long . The graphics and sounds of the cars are really good , but it could really use some more songs , but then again , there are n't really songs during the movie stunts , just music . After you complete each movie you will be treated with a preview of it with your stunts edited in . It 's pretty cool looking . The physics in this game are great and when you wreck lots of little parts and pieces of your car will blast off , according to the speed and angle of your wreck . So , all in all , its a great game if you will put up with the needed perfection and the load times . It 's filled with great action and wrecks for all to enjoy .
 Basicaly you do the same stunts again and again until you reach perfection . You will see the loading screen almost as much as you stare at the TV . It is a good idea gone terribly wrong , and I pity it .
 I got this game -LRB- for Christmas -RRB- from my cousin . My cousin liked it a lot , so he thought it would be a good game for me and my brothers . Now I 'm not a very big driving video gamer , so it did n't really appeal to me at the beginning , -LRB- I 'm not very good at steering -RRB- but me and my friend tried it out anyway . I thought it was like a regular driving game with an added idea
 When I first got ps2 I thought Stuntman was the number 1 game to buy , and it is . The graphics are very realistic , and how the people act on the set is realistic too . Although , sometimes it 's kind of hard comprehending what to do in stunts.After you do about 4 or 5 stunts , in the begining , it gives you a little fun stunt to do -LRB- jumping off a ramp filled with explosives in a desperate attempt to hit the top car of a pile of cars . -RRB- The one downside is the loading time is tremendous for little clips of what 's gon na happen.Another good thing about this game is you get to build your own stunt park.Howver , you need to win levels to get the really good equiptment . You also get some really good cars to choose from , after you 've won some levels . + PROSGood graphicsGood scenesGreat cars to choose fromStunt park creatorFun stunts-CONSLong loading timesOverall , I thought this game deserved 4 stars .
 If you own a Game Cube and like the WWE then by all means buy this game . In this game there is the first ever full sized hell in a cell . Theres so many WWE super stars to chose from such as the olympic cry baby Kurt Angle , the Japanese buzz saw Tajuri , the lovely Lita , and of course every bodies favorite beer swinging red neck Stone Cold Steve Austin ! Theres 42 total wrestlers to chose from and 50 orignal belts to win and you can also put them on the line after you win them . The game play engine is a lot like WWF No Mercy for Nintendo 64 and graphic are a lot like WWF Raw for Xbox . You can beat the hell out of your opponent before they make it to the ring and theres a referee . That means in a match up you can knock out the referee go take a weapon from outside the ring and use it to cheat just like on tv !!! .
 I am a big wrestling fan , I have n't played WrestleMania X8 before but , it sounds like a great game . I look forward to buying it in the future .
 Ive seen the screen shots and ive seen the features but that dont mean anything yet . Ive been waiting for this game ever since february and i really been with the agony of so many things , for example is there going to be blood ? , how many wrestlers can you create ? how many hidden characters are there going to be ? you know stuff like that . Im sorry to say that i dont care about the 50 belts and i dont care about the story mode i just want to have a game that has great gameplay -LRB- just like no mercy etc. . . -RRB- . I just been informed that you can also unlock wrestlers from the past if thats true awesome ! but really i dont want to bore you because as sad as it is i dont have any kind of news that you guys already know that i just want to own a game thats so simple its fun , like those games from n64 . Lets keep our hopes in that direction .
 THE OTHER WRESTLING GAMES ARE BULL ! PERIOD .
 Wow , I thought that Legends of Wrestling would be the only game where you could have Hulk Hogan and RVD battle it out.WRESTLERS * The Rock * Stone Cold Steve Austin * The Undertaker * Triple H * Kurt Angle * Chris Jericho * Kane * Rikishi * Kevin Nash * Scott Hall * Hulk Hogan * RVD * Booker T. * Edge * Christian * Jeff Hardy * Matt Hardy * Lita * Bubba Ray Dudley * D-von Dudley * Test * William Regal * Big Show * Tajiri * Bradshaw * Faarooq * Jacqueline * Hurricane Helms * Mighty Molly * Scotty2Hotty * Albert * Tazz * Lance Storm * Trish Stratus * Shane Mcmahon * Stephanie McmahonHIDDEN WRESTLERS * X-pac * Ric Flair * Vince Mcmahon * Chris Benoit * ? * ? That is 42 wrestlers in all.ARENAS * Raw * Smackdown ! * Royal Rumble * Wrestlemania * Summer Slam * Survivor Series * ? * ? The two ways to win Championships work like this . One is the Championship road where you take the wrestler of your choice and work your way up a ladder of superstars to the Championship you want . The other way is that you can win or defend six recognized belts -LRB- WWF Title , WWF intercontinental , etc. -RRB- or 50 new , original belts in exhibition mode . A cool new feature is The Trophy Slam . You take your championship -LRB- of any belt -RRB- and save it to a memory card . Take it to your freinds house and defend it there . If he wins the belt than he keeps it on his memory card until you or someone else wins it back.It can keep going back and forth and you can start your own fueds.There will be over forty match types and a FULL SIZE HELL IN THE CELL ! Graphics are comparable to WWF Raw for X-box and way better than Smackdowns . It is going to be released on June 11 ... Whatcha gon na do when Wrestlemania X8 runs wild on you !?
 AMAZING graphics ! I was blown away , and the videos of the WWE were so clear . Everything about this game was awesome . The controls for how to attack were easy and realistic.The finishing moves all look awesome . The entrances by the stars ! They are awesome . The graphics and everything ! They walk like people ! Not robots or anything ! Humans ! Wow!The controls were a little hard to learn , but after 1/2 hour I was using them easily . The finishing moves are easy enough and hard enough to pull off that it feels real ! Even my sister , whom hates fighting games , loved this one . The ref made her get outta the ring in tag mode , so I used a Pedigree on the ref , lol.One thing I do n't like , is that it is hard to face other wrestlers , but I am getting the hang of it now . One more thing , and the last bad thing , is that you ca n't creat your own move in CAW -LRB- Creat a Wrestler -RRB- , other than that , CAW is perfect.If you are `` iffy '' at all about buying it , then rent it , cause this game is either you LOVE IT , or HATE IT . I LOVE IT ! But you may not agree , so if you have doubts , rent it.This is definitely the best Wrestling game ever !
 The greatest spectacle in sports-entertainment is back ! No other event in the history of wrestling has seen more legendary match-ups and classic championship battles that have forever changed the face of wrestling . No other event has revolutionized the world of wrestling with gripping drama and brutal intensity . No other event has epitomized Vince McMahon 's vision of sports-entertainment . It can only mean one event
 Let me start off by saying that this game looks like one of the best WWE games ever ! This game has the complete NWO roster including Big Show , Booker T , X-Pac & Kevin Nash . One of the biggest stars on the game is Hollywood Hulk Hogan . Other wrestlers include Rob Van Dam , Lance Storm , Scott Hall , Mighty Molly , The Huricane , Tajiri , and The Undertaker . This game also has TLC , Cage , Tag Team , Table , Single & Hell In A Cell matches . Jim Ross & Jerry Lawler are always at ringside for color commentary . This game looks like it going to be great !
 Wrestlemania X8 was developed by Yukes , who made the Smackdown series , instead of AKI who made every other wrestling game on the Nintendo 64 . Yuke 's did manage to improve the graphics , some . If this was an N64 game the graphics would be GREAT , but this is the Gamecube . The six different arenas -LRB- including Raw , Smackdown , Wrestlemania X8 , Summer Slam , Survivor Series , and Royal Rumble -RRB- look impressive but the wrestlers look more blocky or cartoonish like in past wrestling sims on a Nintendo platform . Some look better then others and its eay to see that more time was spent on say the Undertaker then Will Regal . The gameplay is different but not bad at all . Its easy to grasp but you do n't have a great deal of moves at your disposal , so it can wear a little thin especially in a long match . There are 40 match types -LRB- more than any other Nintendo wrestling game but 30 less the the PS2 'S Smackdown
 If you have a Gamecube or going to buy one , this game isa must have . All wrestling fans will appriciate this game . With excellent entrances to a new controling feature , thisgame will satifiy you . Wrestlemania X-8 contains many different type of matchessuch as a , cage match , hell in the cell , TLC , table , hardcore , and more . This game contains almost all ofthe WWE superstars like , Hulk Hogan , The Whole NWO , RobVan Dam , Booker T , and all of the rest . The wrestlers are very detailed and look very real , andthe crowd is also deatiled , were almost everyone in the crowdtaking pictures and having signs . The game is truly the bestwrestling game every created , so this game is worth the money . This game has a t.v. type presentation with many different camerear angles after a great move . this game is great .
 First let me say that if you are wanting a game just like No Mercy or WrestleMania 2000 , then do not buy this game ... Rent It First ! This Is n't the N64 !! To me this game is fun and is a blast with multiplayer . The game matches include a full sized hell in a cell , a tlc match in which you can have a ladder and three tables in at one , ladder , table , ironman , hardcore , royal rumbles ,4 way matches , and more . The game includes an updated roster which is good ... but Brock Lesnar is not in it though , no matter you can just create him . The create a superstar mode does not let you have a lot of options though . This game also includes a road to championship in which you climb your way up the ladder and to get a belt . And this game also includes a feature in which you can create YOUR OWN BELT!The gameplay could be better but the graphics are awsome for the gamecube.All and all I do recommend this game for any wrestling fan . Also this will be the last game Stone Cold Steve Austin will be in !!! : -RRB-
 The showcase of the Immortals is coming to the Nintedo Gamecube ! Wrestlemania X8 is looking to be the best wrestling game ever made . With an all new gameplay , more than 60 match types , an extencive create a superstar , and much much more , it will be a great game . The graphics look fantastic . A couple things I am very happy THQ put into this game is a full size Hell in a Cell . There will also be TLC , with this being the first game to have multiple ladders . Putting the nWo in at the last minute topped this game off . It was the cherry on the already great looking ice cream sunday.I have played alot of great wrestling games , and alot of horrible ones -LRB- cough ... Raw ... cough cough -RRB- . This is looking to be a great game and I ca n't wait until it comes out .
 Have you played Raw or Smackdown -LRB- Know your Role -RRB- ? If you have I know you were as disappointed as I was . I wonder if the wrestlers all received melvin 's or not in Raw is War . Wrestlmania is exactly what you want from a wrestling game.The graphics are on the level with Raw , while the gameplay however new , still has a WCW/NWO Revenge-No Mercy feel to it . Tons of options I know that the hell in the cell will be included as will most of the new roster . I highly recommend Wrestlmania X8 , A sidenote if you are thinking of buying Smackdown or Raw do yourself a favor and rent it first . I bought both and man I got jipped . I bought my gamecube just for Wrestlmania X8 !!!
 The old Fed might have changed its name , but nothing is new in WWE WrestleMania X8 . While X8 is the first and only GameCube wrestling game to date , it amounts to a disappointing game that will have GameCube owners going to their PS2-owning friends ' houses to play SmackDown . WrestleMania X8 is the first wrestling game since WWE took over WCW and got sued by wildlife conservationists , and sadly , that 's about all that 's new . THQ claimed that X8 would be `` back to basics , '' but the biggest difference between the Xbox 's WWF Raw and X8 seems to be the games ' rosters . There 's no real `` season '' mode , and what there is lacks the flair of even a Street Fighter game 's pre-match flair . Grappling and striking still work in the simplistic , puddle-deep way of every game since the classic Yuke 's N64 grapplers -LRB- many of Yuke 's members came from Aki -RRB- , and while wrestling fans who just want to be The Rock will be pleased with this , people looking for more control and strategy -LRB- &agrave; la Crave 's UFC games -RRB- will be sorely disappointed . It 's time for wrestling games to grow beyond the `` Our superstars will sell this '' era and add some actual depth to the wrestling . WrestleMania certainly looks great with accurate wrestler models and excellent arenas , but all that beauty is wasted on the slack animation system that lacks the fluidity and realism of motion-captured animations in other games . While X8 is good with scaling characters to their actual relative size -LRB- Big Show is much larger than Scotty Too Hotty -RRB- , the animation system does n't respect the larger characters , so you get people 's arms disappearing inside others ' bodies during holds and other mutant effects . Also , for some reason , the female wrestlers look awful . Why the male wrestlers look great and the females look like bipedal goats is a mystery . Yuke 's has been making wrestling games for years , but for some reason the company ca n't seem to settle on a successful control scheme . While the moves are simple and easy to perform , other actions-like picking up tables , climbing the corner ropes , and escaping a steel cage-are unintuitive and annoying . You 'll get friction burns trying to escape the cage as you have to jiggle the analog stick and bang the A button to make your character sloooooowlyyyy lifffft hiiis armmmm overrrr the caaage . On the other hand , your opponent only has to run toward the cage wall to knock you down . It 's silly and annoying , and it easily deflates the fun of a cage match . Last but not least , X8 's sound is purely awful . The wrestlers ' entrance tunes sound like they 're muted through a blanket over the speaker , and the in-match elevator muzak tears away the WWE attitude the game tries so hard to invoke . It 's as if Yuke 's thought it was still working with the sound-unfriendly N64 . Wrestling fans deserve a great wrestling game , but unfortunately , this is n't it . It had promise , but in the end it 's just another WWE game hurt by lack of attention to the game in favor of the license .
 This game is very cool . Stephanie McMahon is the best female wrestler on WrestlmaniaX8 . Triple H trains her . I would rate this game 900,000,000 stars.You could choose to play from 40 match types and 6 arenas
 Wrestlemania X8 is one of the best wrestling games ever made . It is very cool . It has a lot of new characters like RVD , NWO , Hurricane and many more . You can change people 's moves . For example Hurricane only had the Eye of the Hurricane for a finisher so I gave him the chokeslam . The music is great . The Hell in a Cell is full sized . The graphics rule . I also made HBK , Brock Lesnar , Billy Kidman , Rey Mysterio , etc.Pros : GraphicsEntrancesInteractivatyWrestlersSuplexes off the ladderWeapons bend3-D through a table !!! : -RRB- Negatives : Ca n't change attireNo bloodSome people do n't have their real theme songsCa n't defend titles on exibitionNo making stablesNot as good as No Mercy
 I love this game . I read all the reviews on this web site and most of them were disapointment but I think it 's so great . In my opintion it 's better than Wrestle Mania 2000 & WWF No Mercy and all of the Smackdown series . But WWF RAW for XBOX is damn good too . In WWE Wrestlemania X8 you can choose through over 40 different match types such as hell in the cell-cage-TLC-table-ladder-royal rumble and many more.If you like WWF RAW for XBOX than you 'll like this game ... but there will definalitly be some dissapointments ! Such as CREATE - a - WRESTLER thereis so lil options its unbelieveable ... N64 's WWF WRESTLEMANIA 2000 has much much more options . The music is kinda dull unlike the TV show and there is no variety of moves . But if want a really easy-fun - game to play with your friends you 'll want to get this game as soon as possible . But theres one question On triple threat and fatal four way matches the AI characters have a habbit of ganging up on you .
 This game is awesome!Even though I only gave it four stars.The graphics are great and it really seems like your right there.Finally a full sized Hell in the Cell match.I gave this game four stars because of the CAW -LRB- Create-A-Wrestler -RRB- mode is horrible . I tried to create one of my wrestlers from No Mercy and after I was done he had none of the same looks that made him who he was or what his personality is.It was horrible.The controls seem awkward at first but after a while they are just fine.And the game is pretty real , what I mean is if you do a stunner the victim his body will actually flip out . Another thing i did n't like was how the roster was n't up to date.Hogan is n't in the NWO!Rent it first before you buy it.My friends and I LOVE THIS GAME ! So Just Bring It , Just bring yourself to a store and buy it.It is the game.And thats the bottom line .
 When I first saw a commercial for this game it looked amazing , the graphics and gameplay looked smooth and it looked like a fun game . But when I got the game I was somewhat disappointed . The music sounded like going up an elevator not hardcore WWE wrestling . But when I got online looking for reviews , I saw that this game was majorly bombed . It was not as good as excepted but it is a great game.One of the worst things about the game was the creat-a-player options . They were limited and there were n't nearly as many moves as Nintendo 64 's No Mercy.The graphics and gameplay make this game really fun to play though . It is fast paced and the moves look brillant when exeututed.If you are a die-hard fan of WWE , get this game ! But if you want to see what all the fuss is about , rent it !
 Wrestlemania x8 Is much more fun than Raw , Wrestlemania 2000 , Smackdown 1 & 2 . The Undertaker has short hair.There is not a WWE Draft.I think it is fun to play with !!!
 Well , this is a good game . The entrances look amazing and the graphics are sweet . All The Wrestlers have there finishing moves.I was hoping brock lesnar would be in it but he is n't . The bad things are that you cant go backstage and fight and some of the music isnt real -LRB- Hulk , Bokker T , Hardyz etc. -RRB- Other than that , its a great buy !!!!!!!!!!
 WrestleManie X8 lacks a lot of the fun features that Smackdown 3 had . It 's nice to able have a bunch of special matches when you get tired of Story Mode in Smackdown 3 . Here Path to the Championship is torture , have to go through way to many matches to get a title shot . At lease Story Mode is some-what fun the first few times play it and at least you can defend the belt when you win it . Here you can only defend or go for a belt in a title vs title match against a friend who won a belt that you need on his memory card . Also just like in Smackdown 3 I find it silly that there 's ladder matches but that there 's no point in actually winning one if you 're not gon na gain a belt in the process . What I like though is that this is the only wrestling game I can think of where you can not only stop a move from happening but stop a finishing move from happening . Plus you can actually reverse moves as well even if that is sort of hard.The wrestling roster is good even if it 's missing a lot of wrestlers such as X-Pac , Eddy Guerrero , Billy & Chuck , Billy Kidman , Goldust and Tommy Dreamer . Plus I find it silly that Shane and Stephanie are even on it when they were n't around at all when this game was released . Stacy Keibler being a hidden wrestler is silly too . If their was gon na be a hidden women on the game it should of been one that can at least wrestle like Jazz . There 's a lot of wrestlers missing their real ring music as well . Plus the man Hollywood should be able to be used in Red and yellow but that 's not an option unfortunetly . A lot of the people on this site called Wrestling Mania X8 the best wrestling game ever before it even came out . That 's hardly the case at all but this game is still very playable even if it does n't add up to much .
 This is probly the best GC game I 've played.It has a create character option , which is one of the things that makes a game good . It has tlc -LRB- table ladder chair -RRB- , hell in a cell , and a lot of other things that make it a good game.This game is n't like the N64 one , its alot better . Buy this game , it 's good . ; -RRB-
 this is the best wwe game out it has over 40 match types including a full size hiac tlc cage ladder iron man match table match this is the best wrestling game ever its a mix of smackdown just bring it and no mercy and there is 42 superstars including the nature boy woo Ric Flair the nwo and some of the music is not licensed including booker t the nwo but over all its sweet i would give it a 10/10 its got match types 50 oringal belts and path of a champion mode only a few probelems with triple threat matchs and fatl four ways the ai is messed up they gang up on you like a handicapped match if you are a wwe fan BUY IT if not rent it first
 Wreatlemania X8 is one of the best wrestling games to hit the stores . WrestlemaniaX8 has ever as far as graphics , over 35 wrestlers and best of all the crowd boo people who -LSB- stink -RSB- . Even though X8 has some camera glithces -LRB- but not more than smackdown just bring it -RRB- but is still this best gamne and very fun to play . Oh yeah the game gives you a challenge when putting on different settings .
 Wrestlemania X8 rules . I 've found very few thing that I do n't like about this WWE game . The only real thing that I can complain about is that the character disign function is n't as good as the one in Smackdown
 THQ 's wrestling franchise is one of the best of all video game franchises of all time . Anyone who owns a gamecube and likes wrestling better own this game ...
 This game is going to have up to 42 wrestlers in it.It will include Stonecold , Therock , HulkHogan , Rvd , Bookert , Scotty2hotty , triple h , undertaker and many many more.Everyone wll have their new entrance and new entrance music .3 d through table comfermed.Everyone in this 1 game buy it now !
 I have been all over the place trying to find out about wwf wrestlemania X8 and finally I did now it is time to spread it . Here is the deal wwf Raw is War do n't buy it rent it because you will be upset all the say so you have been hearing about wwf raw is war being wack is true . Now if you want the real deal pickup WWF WRESTLEMANIA X8 trust me it is worth it . Now dig that suckaaaaaaaaa ?
 I just brought this game and at first I was very much amazed by the entrance video 's and music . I was disappointed though by the limited amount of moves a wrestler can do . Unlike NO MERCY on NINTENDO 64 , which has a whole bunch of moves , WMX8 is too limited . But I have no regrest on purchasing this item . If your a wrestling fan , GET IT . . If not , but like the smackdown format on Playstation 2 , U 'll understand this game more , and enjoy the gameplay . Either way , the entrances are worth the purchase !!!
 AMAZING graphics ! I was blown away , and the videos of the WWE were so clear . Everything about this game was awesome . The controls for how to attack were easy and realistic.The finishing moves all look awesome . The entrances by the stars ! They are awesome . The graphics and everything ! They walk like people ! Not robots or anything ! Humans ! Wow!The controls were a little hard to learn , but after 1/2 hour I was using them easily . The finishing moves are easy enough and hard enough to pull off that it feels real ! Even my sister , whom hates fighting games , loved this one . The ref made her get outta the ring in tag mode , so I used a Pedigree on the ref , lol.One thing I do n't like , is that it is hard to face other wrestlers , but I am getting the hang of it now . One more thing , and the last bad thing , is that you ca n't creat your own move in CAW -LRB- Creat a Wrestler -RRB- , other than that , CAW is perfect.If you are `` iffy '' at all about buying it , then rent it , cause this game is either you LOVE IT , or HATE IT . I LOVE IT ! But you may not agree , so if you have doubts , rent it.This is definitely the best Wrestling game ever !
 I am a big wrestling fan who has been waiting for a good wrestling game because the last two Raw for Xbox and Smackdown for ps2 where dissapointing and i was waiting for this game it was dissapointing it lived up to all its expectations the graphics are the best i have seen yet most of the wrestlers have there regular entrances except the NWO the movies are exact it feels like you are in the ring are watching it up close if you are a GameCube owner this is a must by game if you do n't have it yet what are you doing sitting down go get up and go get this game .
 I was waiting for this game ever since the E3 . It was well worth the wait it is the best wrestling game for the GameCube . The graphics are great Characters are great the movies entrance for the NWO are the only real problem . The game is easy to play even with the GameCube control after you finish playing this game you will be saying Raw who Smackdown who .
 no mercy was so much better than this . only 2 player graphics -LSB- stink -RSB- . And there are so many wrestlers coming back or just joining the WWE that this is a horrible time to release this game when it has been so highly anticipated . hogan is not in the NWO anymore nor is Hall , instead there is x-pac , big show , and shawn michaels who is n't even in the game . every week NWO aquires new wrestlers anyway . and they need to split it up into the RAW brand & the SMACKDOWN brand . perhaps have the carreer have the correct wrestlers for the brand they are representing intheir matches . and now they should have ric on RAW & vince on SMACKDOWN , except for the fact that now we assume that ric does n't even own RAW . in conclusion , i guess all this is just too much to ask for a disk that is about as small as it 's memory card not to mention the fact that it is for a system on a downward spiral .
 Ok please do not listen to all these bad reviews about this game , Wrestlemania X8 is a really great game infact its better then SmackDown Just Bring It and No Mercy put together . At first this game seems like an updated Smackdown but once u get used to the controls and the style of the game u will be addicted . Most people are right when they say that its nothing like No Mercy and more like Smackdown but is that a bad thing ? Well yes in a way but this game is better than smackdown and it also has wrestlers like Booker T , Hulk Hogan , RVD , Hurricane and even Ric Flair . The good things about this game are the selection of characters , the great game modes and then impressive engine . The graphics are average and the gameplay is hard to get used to but once u have mastered that u will love this game . Please just ignore the bad reviews of this game and buy it now !
 Having just purchased a Game Cube for my 6 year old , this was the first game I purchased for it , although we rented several . I agree that the background music is n't as loud as it could and should be , and there is a glitch in graphics from time to time , but overall , none of that effects the game play . My son , as well as my husband , who are both avid wrestling fans , both love this game and have spent many hours playing it and staying out of my hair . There is a wide variety of superstars to choose from , everyone from The Rock and Stone Cold down to The Hurricane and Lita . Not so easy to control at first , but then it 's not supposed to be so easy or it would n't be a game . Takes time and practice to get all the moves right , as well as a good memory , but the more you learn the better you get .
 This thing is fun so it only has light grapples it 's still fun . I ' t has the APA I would buy it just for that .
 You people may worry about all this other stuff , I worry about , um , oh , it starts with an F , three-letters , oh yeah ! It 's FUN ! One of the favorite GameCube games out of 19 ! It 's real fun , and I recommend it , wrestling fan or not !
 Well , this game is o.k. Each wrestler only has 10 grappling moves . -LRB- 5 from front , 5 from back -RRB- . And a special move . The control is okay . It is annoying when you try to pick up weapons . You have to press A+X at the same time . There is no story mode/career mode . There is a battle for the belts . All you do is an amount of matches until you face the champion . Do n't even try a fatal four way match . Every opponent will go after you the whole match . There is about every match type . Cage , ladder , hell in a cell , single , tag , tlc , and hardcore , table . Some people do n't have there original theme music/titantron . Overall , an OKAY game for hardcore wrestling fans .
 It a great game with all super stars from Rvd Kane Stone cold to Undertaker -LCB- with short hair and rollin music -RCB- But even if you dont enjoy wrestlemania x8 wrestlemania x9 is coming out September 10 2003
 Overall , this game 's not too bad . Lack of CAW features and Season Mode defenitley tarnish the game 's replay value.Gameplay
 This game is no `` No Mercy . '' The entrances are better on the games on the XBOX or PS2 , and it has absolutely no storylines . It has alot of wrestlers , but some are just a waste of space , like WILLIAM REGAL . I really appreciate the fact that NWO is there , you 'll never see Hogan in the NWO colors on any other system . It 's great that you can do a reversal for any move , but once you get used to the reversal buttons , you can no longer do the Frogsplash with RVD cause he 'll reverse it . I play this all the time because everyone has a different fighting style , so you ca n't actually reverse every move the other person does . That 's why i said that it has a good multiplayer mode . Other than that , it has some great type of matches like Hell In A Cell , and a Table Match -LRB- which is kinda lame , but i have n't seen any other game with it -RRB- . If you 're a loner , you 'll get bored with this game after you beat the game a few times , but if you play against your buddies like me , you wo n't get dissapointed .
 I dont know what all these other people are talking about.First off , say that before this game was released tehy would say that it would be nothing like No Mercy . If that were so , than people would be perfelcty happy w / this game . Sure i know that the moves are limited and there 's no story mode , but has great graphics and awsome gameplay . It is tons of fun w / buddies so i sugg3est havin a party . So think of it this way . Buy this game thinking that it 's nothing like No Mercy , u never even heard . And you will love this game .
 AMAZING graphics ! I was blown away , and the videos of the WWE were so clear . Everything about this game was awesome . The controls for how to attack were easy and realistic.The finishing moves all look awesome . The entrances by the stars ! They are awesome . The graphics and everything ! They walk like people ! Not robots or anything ! Humans ! Wow!The controls were a little hard to learn , but after 1/2 hour I was using them easily . The finishing moves are easy enough and hard enough to pull off that it feels real ! Even my sister , whom hates fighting games , loved this one . The ref made her get outta the ring in tag mode , so I used a Pedigree on the ref , lol.One thing I do n't like , is that it is hard to face other wrestlers , but I am getting the hang of it now . One more thing , and the last bad thing , is that you ca n't creat your own move in CAW -LRB- Creat a Wrestler -RRB- , other than that , CAW is perfect.If you are `` iffy '' at all about buying it , then rent it , cause this game is either you LOVE IT , or HATE IT . I LOVE IT ! But you may not agree , so if you have doubts , rent it.This is definitely the best Wrestling game ever !
 I am a huge wrestling fan , and I have been waiting for this game since it was announced . Here 's what I think
 As a fan of WWE , I find this is going to be a great game . The game is lauching in 15 days and it has a LOT of features . My favorite is the trophy thing where you make your own title -LRB- even a cell or TLC title -RRB- , save it to your memory card and take it on the road . The wrestler 's moves have also been tuned up and added on to -LRB- Vandaminator or Lionsault anyone ? -RRB- . It 's also cool how they brought back wrestlers from previous games like RVD from `` ECW Hardcore Revolution '' and Booker T , Hulk Hogan and it 's me , it 's me , D-D-P .
 As Edge would say , `` this game totally reeks of awesomeness ! '' Why?Simply put , it is a gamer 's dream come true because it lets you control the current WWF superstars , of Rock , Austin , Angle , Y2J , Big Show , Edge , Undertaker , Kane , the Hardyz , William Regal , etc. . But the real fun comes in when WWF fans come across the competition , as they set up dream matches of the century , because there are also WCW superstars like DDP , the Hurricane , Hollywood Hogan , Kevin Nash , Scott Hall , and Booker T. , and more ! ... and for the truly hardcore , there are even ECW stars like the dudleys , RVD , and more ... There is an interesting new gameplay engine which will play like a cross-breed of 2 games , having the intensity and speed of the Smackdown ! series while retaining the pure fun of that Wresltmania 2000 -LRB- AKI -RRB- version series established on the Nintendo platforms.Also , a hidden secret deep within the game allows you to unlock past WWF legends like Bret `` Hitman '' Hart , Jimmy `` Superfly '' Snuka , Bruno Sanmartino , George `` Animal '' Steele , Ultimate Warrior , Old Undertaker , Old Ric Flair , Macho man Randy Savage , Roddy Piper , Rick Steamboat , and even Andre the Giant ... nearly doubling the original roster ! Pitting old superstars against new will make for some truly entertaining matches , and more than makes up the gap that is caused by no story mode.There is also a TLC match option , the first full-sized Hell-in-a-Cell , and much , much , more ! A definite must-buy for any WWF -LRB- excuse me , WWE ... booo ! -RRB- fan .
 It has RVD , The Hurricane , and DDP ... that 's not a bad thing that 's a GOOD Thing.It has the NWO.It even will have for the first time ever ... a FULL SIZED ... HELL in a Cell.Everyone will agree that it is the best WWF video game EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!
 What is so great about this game is that you have to earn your finishers . There are so many different types of matches . There 's tag team , TLC , ladder matches , table matches , triple threat , royal rumble , fatal 4 , and others . You can also create players . I created a giant black woman with 2 huge you-know-whats and jeans . She has red eyes and white hair . I named her Evil B **** . But there 's a huge variety of players you can create . You can also go for the medal . There are some great players like Hogan , Triple H , Regal , Stonecold , Kane , Trish , Stacey , Stephanie McMahon , Vince McMahon , Kurt Angle , Edge , The Undertaker , and many many more . But unbelievably they do n't have Marc Henry , Randy Orton , or , at least unlockable , Andre the Giant . I 'm probably gon na wait for Smackdown 4 to come out to get it with Rey Mysterio . The graphics are also unbelievable in this game . So for WWE Raw and Smackdown fans , now you can buy a lifelike one and have it right in your home .
 I bought this game three days after it was released . With the hype going on about it i figured it would be the best on the ` cube . I was let down in some areas but it is n't a complete waste . I will list some pros and cons.Pros :1 -RRB- . Great grapics2 -RRB- . Plenty of matches -LRB- cage , hardcore , tlc etc. -RRB- 3 -RRB- . Plenty of superstars4 -RRB- . Battle of the belts mode is cool.Cons :1 -RRB- . Create a Wrestler lacks features .2 -RRB- . Has no story line in path of a champ .3 -RRB- . Every belt in path of a champ . except for tag all end with triple theat and fatal 4-way matches .4 -RRB- . No blood , no backstage fights.no fighting in the crowd.it is still a good game but just wanted to inform you a little before you buy .
 ... And I have got a lot to say , there is no blood in X8 , NO X-Pac , but Tag teams come out together , There are 50 original belts to win , and a new concept where you can win a customized belt , save it to your memory card and defend it and if someone else wins it they can save it to their memory card . There are 42 wrestlers , Nine of them Hidden , including Stone Cold , HHH , Undertaker -LRB- short hair -RRB- , Kane , the nWo , RVD , DDP , Y2J , Team Xtreme , and America 's favorite superhero the Hurricane ... , and a whole bunch more . There can be 7 people on the screen , 4 superstars , 2 commentators , and A referee . You can fight up the stage and ramp . Some weapons can be dented . There is the first ever Full sized Hell in a Cell . And Christian even has his pyro . You can also do the 3D through the table .
 i have played a demo its awesome here is some things ive heard so far over 45 match types a full sized hell in a cell over 30 wrestlers including rvd the nwo hulg hogan its gon na be great
 this game -LSB- disappoints -RSB- , it is boring to play ecspecialy the path of a champion mode , you just fight people until they give it to you it dose n't have any storyline.i will say the graphics are good and the various match types are nice but , i think THQ rushed on the game . if you have n't bought it yet do n't waste your money.wait for Wrestlemania XIX it includes storyline , backstage fighting , and new superstars such as goldberg ...
 Hello customers , I do n't do many reviews but when I do it is honest . If you are expecting a exact clone of No Mercy then this is not the game for you . It is a mixture of No Mercy and Smackdown . This game is an alright game . You have updated rosters , very detailed presentation and easy conrtol scheme and new features . Although it does not have some things that are on Smackdown 3 like going backstage and commentary . But really i 'm kinda glad that commentary is not on there because i 've played Smackdown 3 and the commentary gets very old really fast . Hearing the same thing over and over gets annoying . It 's like playing with your baby brother or sister whining in your ear . Anyway as far as going backstage that is a disappointment . Their is no story mode or blood either . Some theme songs are not the real ones some have to do with copyright/license issues . But do n't feel all that bad because Smackdown 3 's story mode only lasts for about 5 matches and these wrestling games do n't have blood . Anyway advantages are easy conrtol scheme . You can get the hang of it in about a half hour . Also Wrestlemania X8 is more like how it is really like when watching wrestling . Smackdown is more of an arcade type style and it is fast . But Wrestlemania X8 has a slower gameplay making it more interesting and you can counter any move , even specials like they do in real-life , but you have to time your counter else it wo n't work . Match types are Iron-Man macthes and you have a new 60 minute battle . No more one on one TLC matches . You can make it a triple threat brawl . Also if you have ever played any smackdown game you notice in a hell in the cell match there is no space between the ring and the cell like it is in real life . There are much more matches also and you can unlock stuff in carrer mode . Anyway I recommend this game to any wrestling fan and even if you have only a slight interest in the wrestling . But if you ca n't take my word for it than rent the game first .
 WWE Wrestlemania X8 is an awesome game . It 's fun and the graphics are so good . It has very good quantities but also some not so good quantities.THE GOOD STUFF :1 -RRB- The graphics and entrances look so real .2 -RRB- There is no brand extension so you could choose who you want to fight on both RAW & Smackdown ! Arenas .3 -RRB- Unlike Wrestlemania 2000 and NO MERCY , the crowds show signs towards the wrestlers you choose . EX , If you choose Steve Austin , you 'll see the crowd hold lots of signs that say 3:16 , I love Stone Cold , and Austin 's favorite word `` WHAT ? '' .4 -RRB- Most of the entances appear on the Titan tron , rather then the whole TV screen showing the entrances like the way Wrestlemania 2000 and NO MERCY . But very few entances appear on the whole screen .5 -RRB- Unlike the SMACKDOWN ! Games , the Hell in a Cell matches are the way they should be . It 's a huge cage that covers pretty much all the fighting area in and outside the ring . It 's just the way it is in the WWE TV show . But in the SMACKDOWN ! Games , all they have are a steel cage with a top on it .6 -RRB- Just like in the TV show , all the stuff that happens in the ring is shown on the Titan Tron in the backround , which makes it , look like you are really watching the WWE .7 -RRB- There are many different matches to choose
 I have recently purchased a copy of WWF Wrestlemania X8 . To me , it is a version of the games Smackdown and No Mercy put together . The positive side of this game is the superstar graphics and entrances . The negative side is the PATH OF A CHAMPION mode and no blood graphics . It is very fun , but Wrestlemania X8 is really just No Mercy on a disk .
 This game is one of the best games I 've played . The graphics are the best Nintendo has ever seen . You will have fun either by yourself or with your friends . There are some things that could have been in there . 1 . Go backstage . That was a BIG disapointment of the game . 2 . Interupt during a entrance of a wrestler . 3 . Have interference from the locker room . 4 . Fight in the crowd . 5 . Better storyline in Path of a Champion . Other then those things , this game is fun .
 the game is cool new types of matchs that have never been in any other wrestling game like table matchs tlc matches hell in a cell awsome tag mathchs in the great game NO MERCY the thing i did not like about the 2 vs 1 matches is both people are in fighting you at ounce in wrestlmainaX8 you have the choice either a tag or a tornado but where is the woman 's title ?? and what the heck the the lightheviewt title doing here it should be the cruiserweight where is the tv title ? despite all that the game is great
 this is the best of all wretsling games I mean it 's got awsome graghics super sound and tons of super stars . BUY IT
 I was hyped when I heard Wrestlemania X8 was coming out for Gamecube . I was impressed Smackdown ! 3 on PS2 , but it got boring after awhile and I needed something new . Finally Wrestlemania X8 came out on GC , and I rushed out to buy it . I must say I was a bit disappointed . Here is the good and bad - THE GOOD - good character selection , it has everyone from the Rock to Spike Dudley , I was impressed by the selection even though there was twice more on No Mercy for N64 . The matches were great , it has the first full sized Hell in a Cell , and the TLC was fun . Gameplay can also last very long and it can be a blast with 4 players going at it . The wrestlers look very well done , and the entrances for them are amazing.THE BAD - i was disappointed that the create a character was so limited . you get no clothes that the superstars wear , and you only get 10-15 choices for upper body or whatever , i was disappointed , but you can make Mankind if you wish becuz it has all the clothes for him in there , including the face with the mask . I feel they couldve done much better on it though . apparently there is no career mode on this , there is a Path of A Champion mode , but that has no storylines involved in it , it just has you fight a ton of people until you get to the champion , than you win the belt and so on . not enough to keep you going back . limited grappling moves and such make it dull after awhile too . plus another thing that got aggravating was that it is WAY too easy to reverse finishing moves , sure it adds to more fun , but it seems like once you nail down the easy L+R buttons to reverse a finisher , you never have to fearTHE UGLY - i noticed that in TLC matches if you get thrown on a ladder from a move that the ladder will move its way from under you , and go next to you , and most of the time fall out of the ring . something that gets very aggravating . i think the 2 most aggravating part of the game is that it seems like in a match , the first person to get the first hit dominates the match . becuz after one tiny move you are down for a good 10 seconds like you have been playing in the same match for 10 minutes . plus the realism becomes a pain becuz your partner could execute a move to an opponent in a tag match , and if you are in the way you get knocked down . plus matches like Triple threat are NO fun , that is if you have 2 CPU opponents , becuz they will always team up on you and it gets very aggravating that you ca n't do a thing . plus the control style is totally different from any N64 wrestling games , so you have to learn a whole new control style , and i favor the old N64 style over this new one . i 'm sure others will too.all in all a pretty decent game . i feel like they could 've done much better with some of the gameplay and matches . plus the control style is similar to the Smackdown series on PS1 and PS2 , but i always favored the N64 style . the flaws and CPU AI make the game aggravating , and it can get boring after awhile due to limited grappling moves . but the Hell in a Cell and battle royal matches with 4 players is a blast , so if you are looking for a good 4 player game , this is the way to go , but if you are looking for a good single player game , i would wait till a better wrestling game comes out for Cube .
 Well , what can I say . This game is pretty good , but it could have been better . It features graphics that are on par with that of Raw , which creates an awesome wrestling experience . Most wrestlers are recreated perfectly . The game features some gameplay elements of No Mercy , but plays to much like Smackdown . It wo n't take long before you master the game The sound is a joke featuring elevator-like game music , and the lack of certain wrestlers entrance music , such as the Hardy Boyz , Booker T , and sadly , the NWO . Create-a-wrestler is decent , but it only has a couple of features you can change , such as what kind of tights your wrestler wears , hair , face , moves , etc. . Also , without thumb-nail features , you ca n't really recreate classic wrestling legends , which is really disapointing . Overall , this is the best wrestling game out right now , but if you have a Playstation 2 wait until the new Smackdown is released .
 If you are a die-hart wrestling fan , just like wrestling games or love THQ games , then WrestleMania X8 is the game for you . Featuring over 20 of the top WWF superstars including Kurt Angle , Triple H , The Rock , Steve Austin , Undertaker , Kane . ! And thats only the cream of the crop . With multiple match styles fit for a hardcore fan . The graphics are great , too ! They are the best so far for any WWF game from THQ ! So if you are WWF fan wanting the best WWF game , then WrestleMania X8 is the game for you !
 what ? what ? what ? what ? what ? , If you smell what THQ is cookin ' !!! This is the best wrestling game ever because ghraphics are better than smackdown , gmaeplay is better than No Mercy , and EVERYTHING is better than Raw . There are 42 wrestlers -LRB- The Rock , Stone `` Cold '' Stevey , Undertaker , Nash , Hall , and the best wresltler ever Hogan , etc. -RRB- Matches inlcude TLC and Hell In a Cell , yeah , baby !!! Come to papa June 17 , come to papa
 this game is so hot.its only 50 % done but the game looks equal to if not better then raw for xbox.this is the first game to finnaly have a full size hell in a cell and is very up to date unlike raw which was out of date before it even came out and the create a wrestler will be great because thq said it will be bigger then both smackdown and no mercy create a wrestler combined.it is so up to date that it will have all of the wcw and ecw wrestlers that have joined including rob van dam , booker t , hurricane , lance storm , ddp and much much more.it will have a variety of matches includine tornado tag , tlc , hell in the cell , hard core , triple threat and more.there is also a possibility the nwo wrestlers can be in the game.there will also be a mode where you have to take your jobber wrestler through what they call championship road all the way to the top . ...
 Well even if your not a wrestling fan you will love this gameit has superstars like Rock Undertaker Kurt Angle Stone Cold Kane Big show hurricane HHH Ric Flair Even Shane and Vince Mcmahon.And it has a great create a superstar mode like Hurricane still only did the eye of the Hurricane here you can get him to also to the choke slam Beside that there are move for Shawn Michales . And a Great variety of matches like Table ladders and Chairs Mache and Table and ladder and cage normal and hardcore plus the Cell I am a big fan of wrestling and that makes it even better
 This game is the best !!! Its very fun and it allows 4 players so all my friends can play at one time .
 Yes this game is coming out months after Wrestlemania X8 happens , but it will surely be an awesome wrestling game . THQ made the best wrestling games on the N64 and wo n't let us down now . With wrestling stars from the WWF , WCW , ECW , and the return of the NWO as well , this game is going to totally rule the wrestling genre .
 this is better than ps2 's smackdown just bring it and x-box 's raw is war , i saw the preview at gameshark.com its better than smackdown and raw because it has superstars that never been in a wwf game that is only in this game and they are booker t , ddp , hurricane helms and my most favorite = rvd , and this has much more kinds of diffrent matches than raw , this has the hell in the cell match , tlc and some other special matche that raw doesnt have , it has realistic graphics and haws the best title name , wrestlemania sounds better than raw or smackdown because wrestlemania is pvv and raw and smackdown are tv shows that are on every week and this is another good reason why gamecube games are better than x box games
 This game rocks ! It was the first gamecube game I got . I love the all features in the game , like `` hell in the cell '' or a `` TLC '' match , there all great . Oh and by the way , if you dont like this game well `` IT DOSE N'T MATTER WHAT YOU THINK '' . `` AND THATS THE BOTTOM LINE , BECOUSE STONE COLD SAID SO !! `` nWo 4-life .
 WWE Wrestlemania X8 is the first wrestling game for the Gamecube , but is also one of the better wrestling games of all-time . Of the wrestling games available for all systems now , this is probably the best , with Smackdown : SYM being 2nd and Raw for the Xbox being 3rd . Let me explain why I like this game better than Smackdown and Raw . This game has lots of characters , and for being rather old , lots of newer characters from the time , such as RVD and the always popular Booker T , complete with spinarooni.This game does n't have a specific story mode , Smackdown is the best in that respect , but it does have lots of different matches , such as hell in a cell , tlc , table , ladder , ironman , cage , and royal rumble . It also comes with different modes to take whichever Superstar you like to the top and win a belt.The Create-A-Wrestler is a great . Many of the characters not being included in the game can be found in the Create-A-Wrestler . Go to gamespot.com 's Wrestlemania X8 game guide to get the formula on how to create the Heartbreak Kid Shawn Michaels.The graphics are very well done for the gamecube , with great looking moves and fine looking characters , but at time there is some weird collision detection , you can actually make your player stand in mid-air if you set it up right , but this is an excusable problem.This game just feels so real , moreso than Raw or Smackdown , with the only exception being the fact that Big Show has no advantage really , anybody can take him down with a punch , and when has Big Show ever gone to the top rope ? But otherwises , the game works awesome , with spectacular special moves . There really is no greater feeling than 3-Ding Lance Storm through a table , or when you hit Christian with a Swanton Bomb from the top rope -LRB- though it would be better if you could do it off a ladder -RRB- . All in all , this game has its share of problems , but if you like wrestling games , this is a must-add to your collection .
 I dont know what people were complaining about this game was a BIG HIT ! Not This game had two things that wer n't to good , Create-A-Wrestler & Carrer mode . The only thing bad about Create-A-Wrestler is creating what your wrestler looks like . They dont have a wide enough varite of faces , bodys etc. . In carrer mode all you get to do is face wrestlers and you dont get to have storylines etc.The Entrances were perfect but you should of be wearing your title belt if you have one . Next Time THQ if u can correct thoes minor details the game will be PERFECT !
 Wrestlemania x8 is here and it 's the best wrestling game ever created . It has all my favorite wrestlers . Including nWo the rock and many more . I created Brock lesnar , DDP , HBK , Rey mysterio , Maven Billy and chuck and about 9 more . You can also customize superstars finishing moves . You can unlock new wrestlers like Stacy Keibler , Chris Benoit and others with each title . There is a total of 42 superstars and you can create 16 more with each memory card . I play it about four hours two times a day i just ca n't get enough . Unlike SmackDown ! 2 for the PS1 this game has full entrances with their new theme songs instead of those old ones . It 's the best game `` eeever '' created o `` it 's true it 's true '' .
 when i first bought this game it seemed stupid because there wernt very many moves but once i got the hang of it i found out it rocked because u could do moves like the angle lock without even using a speciel .
 I bought this game thinking it would be just like the previous THQ/WWE 's N64 titles . They sure fooled me tho . The game play is definitely different from the previous versions . Altho each wrestler now has less moves than before , I find that the faster and smoother moving actions allows for a little more excitement with limited moves . Dont get me wrong here , the graphics on this game are sharp and killer and it 's loads of fun to play . I just feel that THQ could have done far better than this effort . Perhaps this is almost like a trial run for them w / wrestling games on the game cube ... or perhaps they just bungled . They should have left some of the options and such from NO MERCY and WRESTLEMANIA 2000 in this game . Wrestlers have less moves , less outfit options , less taunts ... there 's no story lines when it comes time for the belt chasing ... create a wrestler lacks a lot of different outfits , hair , faces , etc. ... there are n't as many moves for the wrestlers or created wrestlers . What also bothers me is that there are no interferences during matches . I rather liked that . Having a singles match and suddenly Triple H or someone comes out and tries to whip my ass . Another thing that bothers me is that wrestlers dont come out with managers or team mates . The last thing that annoys me about this game is that every little bump and hit from other wrestlers knocks you to the ground ... sure it 's pretty much realistic ... but can be annoying ; and why does the computer controlled wrestlers always gang up on me ? Sure I 've done a lot of bithching , but the game is still fun as all hell . It 's fast , smooth ... and the finisher moves were never more easier to perform . Looking at this game as if NO MERCY and WRESTLEMANIA 2000 never existed , it 's killer ... but we all know that those N64 titles were out there and I think that THQ should have just stuck with that style . Let 's hope their next effort it a step up . This game is still fun , keeps me playing forever , and the graphics are detailed and sharp ... exactly why I gave it a 4 and why I would recommend it regardless .
 this game rocks ! it has 42 wrestlers including rvd , holkhogan , booker.t , and william regal . and it has a full-sized hell in a cell match.with hidden wrestlers like vince,x-pac , ric-flair , and chris benoit.and hidden arenas like wrestle mania x17.so this game is great i reccomend for anyone who likes a good wrestling game .
 Wrestlemania X8 was developed by Yukes , who made the Smackdown series , instead of AKI who made every other wrestling game on the Nintendo 64 . Yuke 's did manage to improve the graphics , some . If this was an N64 game the graphics would be GREAT , but this is the Gamecube . The six different arenas -LRB- including Raw , Smackdown , Wrestlemania X8 , Summer Slam , Survivor Series , and Royal Rumble -RRB- look impressive but the wrestlers look more blocky or cartoonish like in past wrestling sims on a Nintendo platform . Some look better then others and its eay to see that more time was spent on say the Undertaker then Will Regal . The gameplay is different but not bad at all . Its easy to grasp but you do n't have a great deal of moves at your disposal , so it can wear a little thin especially in a long match . There are 40 match types -LRB- more than any other Nintendo wrestling game but 30 less the the PS2 'S Smackdown
 this is gon na be the best wrestling game ever for the first time full sized hiac and over 35 superstars including rvd stone cold the rock lance storm hulk hogan the nwo this game will have over 40 match types including tlc hiac table ladder royal rumble iron man my opion is THIS IS THE BEST WRESTLING GAME EVER
 COULD YOU THINK OF A BETTER WRESTLING GAME THAN WWF WRESTLEMANIA X8 ?? No ... I thought so because this has to be THE best wrestling game EVER !!!! It 's better than Raw , better than Smackdown , and better than No Mercy !! This game has so many superstars -LRB- even hidden ones ! -RRB- , arenas -LRB- hidden ones too !! -RRB- , matches , and others !!!!! I ca n't wait for June 17 !!! I JUST CA N'T WAIT !!! Once I get Wrestlemania X8 , the whole summer vacation is all about WWE Wrestlemania X8 ...
 This game is the reason I bought a GameCube , after the porr showing of WWF on the PS2 , this game finally is set to deliver WWF fans what they deserve on a games console , and that is a game that is actually what the WWF is . This is a must buy game .
 Forget all other opinions this game ROCKS !!! not only you got awesome graphics with cool details -LRB- did you see the Big Show and the detail on his tiger tatoo ? -RRB- and amazing sound -LRB- The Game !!! by Motorhead -RRB- but also you get amazing and easy playability -LRB- a thing you wont get with the lousy Aklaim wrestling titles !!! -RRB- You can choose wrestlers like The Rock , Stone Cold , Hollywood Hogan , Triple H , The Big Show , Rob Van Dam , Chris Jericho , Kurt Angle , Edge and a lot more . This game is an improvement above the good N64 THQ titles like `` No Mercy '' and `` Wrestlemania '' thanks to the Gamecube capabilities . The create a wrestler option is a little bit complicated but you can learn it very fast . There are n't as many moves to choose as with `` No Mercy '' but still you will get an amazing game . If you are a wrestling fan you wo n't be dissapointed .
 There is no part of the game where you can play as legends . Also DDP is not in the game . The easy way to win the titles is by going into championship part and when you get into The Tripple Threat and Fatal Four Way matches and and get out of it and go and continue on until you get a tables match and take your wrestler to 1 of the announcer 's tables and wait til 1 of your opponents goes gets on the table your on and slam him or her through the table .
 dont listen to all those bad reviews they dont know what they are talking about . this is a great game , how could they say that the controls are hard there easier then the controls for the wrestling games on n64 the only thing that is a bit lacking is the path of a champions mode other then that get this game
 If you have a Gamecube or going to buy one , this game isa must have . All wrestling fans will appriciate this game . With excellent entrances to a new controling feature , thisgame will satifiy you . Wrestlemania X-8 contains many different type of matchessuch as a , cage match , hell in the cell , TLC , table , hardcore , and more . This game contains almost all ofthe WWE superstars like , Hulk Hogan , The Whole NWO , RobVan Dam , Booker T , and all of the rest . The wrestlers are very detailed and look very real , andthe crowd is also deatiled , were almost everyone in the crowdtaking pictures and having signs . The game is truly the bestwrestling game every created , so this game is worth the money . This game has a t.v. type presentation with many different camerear angles after a great move . this game is great .
 WWE Wrestlemania X8 is a good wrestling game . There are many playable wrestlers at the start of the game . And you can unlock more . Like previous wrestling games such as No Mercy for Nintendo64 the create a player is amazing . You can fine tune the look of your character by doing many things for example
 Wrestlemania X8 Is a great game . Its updated and has good control but , It does n't have people like Goldust Billy & Chuck , Spike , Maven , DDP , ect . It has the nWo , RVD , Booker T , Hurricane , Hogan . But all the superstars have very few moves.It has a good create a player mode and has awesome graphics , And all the new theme songs , except takers of course . Either way Wrestlemania X8 is an awesome game and its worth the buy .
 Wrestlemania X8 is a pretty fun game , Its well up to date with the stars and has just as good or better graphics than x-box 's RAW . Its pretty easy to play too . It is missing a lot of people though , like Goldust , DDP , Tommy Dreamer , Planet Stasiakand a few others like Spike , and Maven . Each superstar has very few moves , like you could use the same move many times in a match because you do n't have much of a choice . But the graphics are great , gameplay is great and Awesome create a player mode . So its a fun game so buy it if your a wrestling fan .
 I bought this game for my 5 and 3 yr old sons since they both liked the movie so much . BUT , what a waste of money . The game is sooooo boring . My kids usually fight over the GBA games and we have to take timed turns to keep the peace , but not with this game . Neither one of them ever wants to play it . Save your money and buy something else .
 I was tricked into thinking this game would be as good as the movie was . It 's really stupid , with HORRIBLE graphics . You can beat it in less than 1 hour . Do n't beleive the good reveiws ! Not buying this game will save your time and money !!!!!
 This game is graet !!!!!!! I would buy it.It is harder than itlooks . But , I 'd sill buy it !
 Great gift for the price . My 9 yr old loves it .
 I loved the Spirit
 My 11-year-old daughter could n't wait to get this game , and plays it as much as she is allowed . For a true fan of the movie , this is a fine game . Her only complaints about it are that you have to complete whole segments of the game before you 're allowed to `` Save '' -- and when you do save your game , you 're assigned a password to use to restart your game where you left off , and it can be hard to remember the password -- or where you put the paper you wrote the password on.At the start of the game there 's a thunderstorm that scatters the herd -- you choose which of two Native American characters to represent you in the game , and then you go about taming the horses by gaining their trust -LRB- feed , water , groom and even sing to them -RRB- ; soon you 'll be able to ride them and proceed to round them up while avoiding unfriendly animals -- or getting help from friendly animals -- all the while keeping away from rustlers and the like.The little booklet that comes with the game gives enough basic information to get started , but my 8-year-old was frustrated by the lack of on-screen information giving him hints of what to do . Nonetheless , now that he 's watched his sister play for a while , he 's decided to start saving up to buy his own copy of the game .
 This is a favorite game of mine . Every level gets more challenging and it helps you understand more about horses than you knew before . Even though I like the movie better than the game , it is still fun to play .
 This is a great game . It may be easy to beat at some points but it 's still fun . All Spirit -LRB- and horse lovers -RRB- should try this game !!
 I got this game today along with a platnim game boy advance . This game is one of the greatest games I ever played . I like horses a lot so I like how you get to find a horse and tame it . It 's also great how the horse has a mind of its own . When you get to Spirit , you have to move fast around everything and that is alot of fun .
 I recommend this game for kids who loved the movie . I bought this game to play . the only thing I am confused about is how to talk to the animals and give them the food they want . This game is a challenge but is fun .
 This game is graet !!!!!!! I would buy it.It is harder than itlooks . But , I 'd sill buy it !
 this horse game is pretty cool.this horse named sergio is really skinny and he has big teeth.he looks just like spirit.i would buy this game it has good graphics and its good for children and any adult that likes horses.its not too easy like it looks and its very colorful.BUY IT ; ~ -RRB- !!!!!!
 This is one of the best SIMS games to date . You can change so many things in the game , and it &#8217; s a lot of fun to play . The graphics are very good . It was shipped and delivered as indicated in the transit and arrival time information . I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes simulated games .
 I LOVE this Sims game ! I have n't finished it YET ! Still working on Bustin ' Out .
 I played this game once in july 2006 and I have n't been able to play it since . My mom and Dad are too strict . I just love this game . I just love setting my sim 's house and the sims on fire .
 NOTE
 Let me clear a few things up . This is not just a straight port of the awesome PC title of the same name . We console owners gave a little and got a little . Missing is the groundbreaking aging and child-raising system of the PC version that let you play through whole generations of families in your own vitrual neighborhood . Also MIA are 2-story buildings and the aforementioned neighborhood dynamics . In fact , all the console version really is is an improved version of `` Sims Bustin ' Out '' . That is actually a compliment . As disappointed as I was that so many big features -LRB- and some little ones too -RRB- were missing , I quickly found myself re-immersed in the Sims lifestyle . The big selling point of this version is the direct control option which puts you in direct control of your Sim , making them much easier to direct about the house . Five stars on that feature . In addition , there is a new social interaction system that zooms in on the socially-engaged sims and allows you to hold your would-be friend 's attention while you try out all your best social moves on them . There are several levels to each relationship that are indicated by both the sims ' body language and the color of the screen . Red indicates a fight is about to break out , yellow is warm and friendly , and pink means love is in the air and someone 's about to get biz-ay . I love this new feature as it makes interaction seem much more personal and stops other sims from running away while you cycle through your list of social options . Speaking of which , while there are lots of social options available for each level of the relationship , I 'm really disappointed that I have n't found any unlockables in this area . You can only go through the old `` talk-compliment-tell joke-impress-sock puppet-charm-hit on-etc . '' motions so many times before friendship and romance become a bit of a chore . And some sims are always so grumpy it really makes it a pain . Still , I love the improvements that were done in this area of the game . There 's also a lot of extra cusomization in this game . Lots of tats , jewlery , hairstyles and colors , and highly customizable clothing to choose from . Hell , you can even choose sleeve-length and collar up or down , plus you can wear undershirts , overshirts AND a jacket together , all cusomizable in the aforementioned ways . That is sweet . Lots of unlockables here , tons in fact . Plus you get the usual plethora of gadgets and items to play with and unlock . Another very fun new feature is creating you own food . There are dozens of ingredients to be bought , grown , or otherwise obtained and combined in different ways -LRB- oven , blender , food processor , stove , etc. -RRB- to creat all kinds of food with different stats . Some food is really filling but tire you out , some give you energy but not very filling , and some makes you randy bay-bee . That 's right , you can mix up a little culinary spanish fly for that girl or guy you had your eye on but would n't let you make the move . Also , ever sim has a list of wants and fears . You get to unlock much stuff and progress from location to location by fulfilling all of your sim 's wishes and the wishes of other sims around them -LRB- make out with so-and-so , buy one of these , etc -RRB- while avoiding their fears -LRB- fire , death , getting caught cheating , etc. -RRB- . Speaking of death , it 's not final in this game . You get to haunt other sims in several ways , which is good for a laugh . When that gets old , you can challenge the grim reaper to a fiddlin ' contest or pay cash to return to life . All of these things add up to all the fun of `` Bustin ' Out '' but much , much more . I 'm still ticked off about what 's missing and I wish EA had just waited a month for the Xbox 360 to come out and included neighborhoods , children , aging and all that , but I 'll be damned if this game did n't suck me back in to that existence we `` Sims '' fans know all to well ; where sending your virtual person to cook , clean , eat , and shower is no probelm , but you simply ca n't leave the game long enough to do any of those things in real life .
 This game is a blast ! The controls are a little tricky at first but once I got the hang of it the game rocks . Great graphics and zoom ability to see facial expressions . The computer version has a lot more to do within the game then the other versions . Super fun !
 The sims 2 on xbox is one of the best games I have ever played . You have the ability to control your sims every move . This game is very addicting and provides many hours of fun and enjoyment . The sims 2 on xbox is good for people that do n't have a powerful enough to play the pc version . However the xbox game does not include the ability for your sims to age . But it is still a very fun game and it provides many hours of fun .
 My daughter wanted this game , and plays it almost daily . It 's a simulated game that you play , making your own profile of people , or aliens that are green -- that can live together in a home . You get to build your own home , decorate it , and invite friends over . Earning points , and getting jobs to buy furniture and clothes , this game is addicting . The only thing I do n't like about this game is it shows people sitting on the toilet going to the bathroom , and if you have a male and female sleep together they show them having sex by having the covers go up and down -LRB- suggestive big time -RRB- . I thought that was inappropriate for a game . My daughter is 13 , and I told her she is n't allowed to let characters sleep together anymore . She does n't do that anymore , and basicly she pretends the guys are her brothers now . She really loves this game , but the graphics could be a lot better . I think the graphics on the PSP are a lot better than for the Xbox version . Kids love this game , so I thought you would like to know about these things before buying it .
 I love this game . It is sooooooo addicting ! lol It easily draws you in once you start playing . I always say i 'm gon na play for like 30 mins to 1 hr ... but 3 to 4 hrs later I put the controller down . =-RRB- I rate this game overall a 4 b/c in my opinion , Bustin Out had way more customization options for your home . In Sims 2 , there is no pool table or swimming pools . That 's just so wrong ! You HAVE to have a swimming pool but alas it 's not in Sims 2 . Good thing I also have Bustin Out ! lol I recommend this for Sims fans . For newcomers , I recommend Bustin Out first .
 hello i would like to tell you something about sims2 for xbox it is a fun game that you get to control your life you get a job , cook , clean , and much much more it is rated teen so i advise children under 10 not to play . When you first start you can either play freeplay or story mode freeplay is where you go around make your own house , with up to 4 peaple to create in the story mode you creat a female/male and start goin threw places trying to help ppl . I strongly advice you to get this the graphics are excellent and it is FUN !! i give sims 2 100 thumbs up .
 Bought this for my wife a long time ago do n't really remember much except that it was fairly inexpensive and my wife is still enjoying it a lot to this very day ... sim 's was always to needy for me too enjoy
 I always played this game as a younger kid . I love it , I 'd reccomend this to anyone who wants to buy it . It 's in perfect condition like I just bought the game .
 It seems to me that most people who are reviewing this game have chosen only to play the single player aspect . trust me , the single player ai n't that great . the friendly AI will often just sit there letting you handle the entire vietnameese army . but this is the only bad point that I can see in this game -LRB- unless it wo n't run on your computer , in which case , tough luck -RRB- . the real bread and butter of this game is it 's online mode . forget the rest , if you want intense action and close combat then there is nothing better than the online mode here . throw in the Heuys and Cobras and you have a great game . maybe not as great as they claimed it would be but better than most othere games I have played . this one at least holds my interest . so if you buy this game you really only use the single player mode for practice and once you get online the game becomes much funner .
 Give this game time . BF42 had its problems when it was released and its negative opinions from UI , to realism , graphics , compatibility , etc.This game has been on the shelf for 1 day and people want to bash it.Dice and EA will continue to fix/upgrade the problems . In time just like BF42 it will stand alone as one of the best games on the market . Not only that , look to the mod community to take this game engine and build off it . This engine is capable of more than the older BF42 game engine.The new features and environments are worth the money . If you love BF42 , DC , EoD , etc its worth the buy .
 This game really seems to disappoint those who do not read real game reviews before purchasing their games . I can understand being disappointed with this game if you want something to play by yourself . This is not a single player game . Battlefield was never intended for single player purposes . Anyone who plays these games knows this fact . The bots and A.I. are mostly there for practicing and having co-op LAN matches against the A.I.Playing online in Battlefield is truly challenging . You can run around and try to kill whatever moves . Or you can play with your team and try to win the match by attacking the oppositions bases . Attacking your oppponents is really fun because of the strange matchups that occur . Running into a tank with your sniper gear is not fun , but you never know , maybe the driver will leave his tank to kill you and the opposite happens , then you have his tank ! It is really nice to be creative , like making a car bomb , or laying traps in odd areas . This game is just too deep for some people , so they throw insults . Its really too bad . I dont like RTS 's , but I would never call one garbage because I did not read the game review -LRB- s -RRB- and bought one.If you like shooters and have a good online connection , do yourself a favor and buy this game . Once you get past the frustration of learning the many controls and learning some maps , you will disappear from the ones you love.tiltedscopep.s . This game runs fine on pc 's that are updated and have newer gear . Some of these reviewers dont know how to take care of their pc 's . New or not , updates from windows wont make your chipset , or BIOS run any better .
 Broken down quick review of current game , implies existing knowledge of the BF franchise.Graphics -LRB- B - -RRB- - Certainly not next gen or anything , in fact very BF ' 42ish overall . Looks almost like the same engine . I kinda expected this , you simply wo n't get dungeon crawler realism when trying to render large outdoor environments , but i thought it would have been a little better.Characters -LRB- D -RRB- - Worst part of the game imho so far . I think the character models look weak . Thin and grangly , movements look forced and not smooth in their motion and action . I was expecting bad a ** looking soldiers , instead we got so-so stick figures . Very dissapointed.Guns -LRB- A + -RRB- - Most improved part of the game hands down . The guns are phenomenal , you can tell a lot of time was spent here . Models are incredible , the kick , flash , sound , all of it is to a tee . Lots of choices and variation too . Best guns i 've ever seen in a game imho.Vehicles -LRB- B + -RRB- - I like them in some ways more than BF ' 42 , in some ways less . Not as much effort put in on them as the guns , I think more work is needed on some tanks and boats , the planes are stellar . I do think they are better integrated into the game than in the old BF though and fit this environment well.Stability -LRB- B + -RRB- - No issues so far , no crashes , no glitches , and im running on an ancient system . I had to take my graphic settings down 1/2 way to get it running smoothly , but considering how the graphics are kinda dated , i shouldnt have to . Heard of many issues with trying to run at full tilt.Maps -LRB- A -RRB- - Always the strength of the BF devel . team , the maps are outstanding , each one blew me away . Detailed , multiple levels of action , attack/defense paths , wonderful . 14 in all.Gameplay -LRB- B -RRB- - Nothing too new or amazing here , which is a shame b/c i think this area really needed improvement . The interface is smoothed out which is nice , some flags take multiple people to get the take time down , but overall its the same BF in terms of gameplay . -LRB- A little more dynamic and mobile due ot the airlifts -RRB- Overall - -LRB- B -RRB- I have to say , there are things in the game that disapoint me , but no biggie , i wasnt expecting to be blown away . What i am really disgusted at are the character models . They stink . Did they do those over a weekend ? I hope they fix them , it ruins the feeling of realism . BF '42 models were 10 times better . Forward not backward developers.Not the ground breaking game most would have hoped for , but more of that BF action many gamers have come to know and love .
 This game was mainly made to be played online . There is no `` campaign mode '' which allows you to play the missions chronilogically as a single player . You can play any single mission you want , but it does n't really count for anything . I wish they would have focused more on single player vs. computer like most games.It is a capture-the-flag style game , the way to win is control more area than your opponent . You do n't really accomplish objectives like you would in most games.Also I think the graphics are too crisp , or sharp , whatever you 'd want to call it . It has the look of a flight simulator game . I prefer the graphics -LRB- and gameplay -RRB- in games like Medal of Honor , and Wolfenstein.I also have the Battlefield 1942 games , and they 're much the same way . Although they do have a campaign mode , it really feels about as pointless as if they did n't . With all this said , I 'd still recommend the series . There 's not enough good games out there . If you mostly play online this might be perfect for you .
 Battlefield
 The graphics are unreal , but I know you need a strong computer to run it . &#60; br / &#62; Mine : &#60; br / &#62; Pentium 4HT 3.4 GHz 800FSB &#60; br / &#62; 1 GB DDR2 PC3200 RAM &#60; br / &#62; 128mb nVidia 6600GT PCIe Card &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; The AI is almost as good as 1942 . The choice of weapons is good . Set Traps , drop and move start points and vehicles . It is hard to control the helicopters , but other than that ease of use . The sound in the background is realistic . Overall good game .
 I usually do n't write reviews but since I was here , I figured I should write one on the game that I play night and day . This game is unreal and a lot of fun . With the ability to drive tanks , shoot mortar , put down bouncing betties , fly F-4s , this has a play style for everybody . It 's an addictive game !
 This game is great . While the movement is kind of choppy at times and the screen shots are n't always the best , this is still a great game . The strategy to succeed caters to all levels . With basic controls anyone can learn to play and enjoy this game . There are always plenty of people of all ages and skill levels to play this . Now that the price is dropping it bumps this game up even higher on the wish lists .
 The Battlefield franchise enters a new era equipped with more firepower , modernized weaponry and vehicles , and a deeper infantry experience from the jungles to the beaches of Vietnam . From villages on the Ho Chi Minh Trail to the city streets of Hue wage modern warfare as the United States or North Vietnamese Army -LRB- NVA -RRB- . Select from a variety of characters within the different soldier classes as you command powerful new vehicles including attack and transport helicopters , the M551 Sheridan tank , and the F-4 Phantom fighter jet on the U.S. side and the Russian-made T-54 tank , the MIG-21 , and Mi-8 multipurpose helicopter on the NVA side.Go to war in new dramatic battle scenarios including leading a squadron of helicopters in an all-out attack on an enemy compound , executing an ambush of enemy soldiers from dense foliage , captaining a PT boat through a dangerous jungle river passage , and more . Grab your M-16 , ready the Napalm , and prepare to enter some of the fiercest battles of the Vietnam War.It uses DX9 in Very high quality mode
 I am so tired from lack of sleep . I have played this game every night until 2 or 3 am since I bought it.The title has a wide range of maps that recreate the numerous battlefields where our soldiers fought
 Has great load time -LRB- slower than 1942 , yet faster than DC -RRB- , graphics are supurb -LRB- even on the lowest settings -RRB- , and playing choices are numerous . It is better than its predecesor in gameplay . The only things that keep it from a 5 star , are the lack of a campaign , a few graphical errors -LRB- with shadows on all units have about 10 shadows surrounding them -RRB- , and the extremely short instructional booklet helps very little .
 I am having a lot of fun with this game . I played the heck out of BF1942 and DC/EOD mods.I have a p4 2.5 ghz1GB of RAMRadion 9800 -LRB- non pro -RRB- 128mbWith less than 1GB of RAM it can get REALLY nasty.After installing 1GB My load times were cut to 20 seconds or so from 60 seconds.You can have fun playing now but if you are leary , wait for the first patch .
 OMG i played this at a friends house for just over 8 hours , and i have to say , this game was FUN !! Especially for those who were big fans of the original BF
 In my opinion , Battlefield Vietnam is a great game . There are some issues that need to be resolved but all in all I would heartily recommend this game to anyone , especially those who enjoyed BF42.The graphics and sound have been improved from BF42 , although you WILL need a fairly powerful system and graphics card to play this game . A broadband connection of some sort is a must for multiplayer.I really enjoy the grass and foliage on the maps . Also , the fog and lighting is great . The maps are diverse and offer great game play . A neat feature is that you can play your own . mp3 's while driving the vehicles.We should expect to see a patch for the game soon because there ARE performance and sound issues . I have been lucky enough to not have any even with my limited setup . I ca n't wait for the mod 's and new maps that are coming out even now.Good luck and patience to all who are experiencing issues with the game .
 Ok , all these World war II games , and these Tom Clancy swat games . They do n't have anything on vietnam . This game is so well planned . With Music , sounds , and areas historically accurate , to the massive arsenal of weapons and vehicles , I believe that EA Games has truly made a game of the year . The only bad part is you definately need a cable modem , because the AI in this game is horrible . But who was gon na play bots anyways , get your butt online and pawn some people across teh globe ! . and you do n't need a top end computer . My system is an athlonxp 2000 + , 512 meg of ram , Radeon 9600 All In Wonder . I did have a Geforce 3 which worked fine , but I do video editting and needed an AIW .
 Thanks alot amazon ! Not only you gave me the lowest price , but I did n't have to pay an extra $ 10 for pre-ordering ! Alot of new features in Battlefield
 I purchased this game a few days ago , and have n't been able to stop playing it . EA did a wonderful job , and it does n't seem near as laggy as BF1942 did . The graphics are much better , the sound is great , and the characters you fight along side add even more realism . AI is definitely improved , but still , not the greatest . The included soundtrack is brilliant , adding even more realism , so that you are completely emersed in the game . But , unfortunately , BF Vietnam has one downfall - its lack of Campaign . Campaign was my biggest draw to BF1942 , with online play second . This game only has Instant action missions , and Online play . But , because the pros to this game heavily outweight the cons , it gets a 5 out of 5 anyday from me .
 THIS IS A RELLY GOOD GAME AND U DONT NEED A POWERFULL SYSTEM I HAVE A E-MACHINES COMPUTER WITH A 64 MB GRAPHICS CARD 512 RAM 3000AMP PROCESSOR AND IT RUNS GOOD THE GRAPHICS STILL LOOK THE SAME EVEN IN THE LOWEST QUALITY IT DOSENT MATTER IF U HAVE A GOOD COMPUTER OR NOT IT WILL STILL WORK ANYBODY WITH ANY COMPUTER CAN STILL BUT THIS GAME AS LONG AS U STILL HAVE A GRAPHICS CARD
 I was uneasy about buying this game after reading all of the negative reviews . I hate to hurt any ones feeling , but this game run smoother than Battlefield 1942 . If this will help any of you gamers , Here We go ... . I running windows 98 ... with a 2.6 ghz processor ... Nvidia geforce Ti-4600 128 megs video card , sound blaster 512 sound card ... 512 megs of DDR rams for memory ... 2x ... 4x AGP ... 52x cdrom , ... 400mhz frntside bus ... After I installed the game I changed the settings , as follows ... . set resolution to = 800x600x16 bits ... set sound = 44 hzs ... turned shadows and lightmap off ... set graphics = medium . . set bot level = 14 ... If you will check out these settings , you might just get your game running better , I hope this help , Thank You Romeo H Faison . One more point , You gamers have got to remember , You have got to break a game in , the same as you would break a new car in . The more you play the game the better it will problably run on your computer . One more thing , right click on my computer , hit the performance tab , make sure the sytem resource is at least 93 % . If it is under 90 % , Hit control , alt delete at the same time to see what is running in the background , play around with this a bit. , Shut down some of the programs that are running in the background , but make sure you do not shut down , system tray , and explorer . Somtimes there are programs running on your computer , that you may be unaware of , in this case go to the system configuration utility . , and hit the system startup tab , look at some of the programs running in the background , uncheck some of these programs , using some common sense , always leave system tray and etc ; , Finally remember you have , its a must , play the game until you feel you have broken it in to your computer , Sometimes you can turn the game on high afterwards . P.S. I have never put a patch on this game , this is the only new game , that I have never patched , You can always set the resolution to 640x480x16 bits , its not going to change the graphics guality that much , it won `` t be noticeable by any means . I have over a 100 games , I knows how to make a game work , play around with the # of bots , or soldiers in the game , when you get close to a tank you will problably , you will notice a slight dip in the framerate . One last point of interest , driving vehicles , flying planes , helicopter is best , if using a joystick , especially the tanks , inboth bf1942 , and bfvietnam ... PEACE :
 This game is the best war game . I 'd ever played . You do n't have to trust me on this one . I did n't get through the whole game . I see that this game is really fun . The sound is really tight . Every bullet I ever fired on this game was like pure magic . The sound of the jeeps , birds . Everything . Incredible . Left me breathless . Though the strongpoint of the game were n't on the graphics and it did n't really have cut-scenes . Kind of took the sense of adventure away from me . Anyways , this is probably the best war game I played . The historical levels were actually pretty historically accurate . This is the best of the Battlefield games and no one should hold back on getting a copy of their own .
 OK I HAVENT PLAYED THE GAME YET BUT AM WAITING TO GET IT TOMORROW , I JUST HAVE ONE QUESTION WHAT 'S THE DIFFRENCE BETWEEN THIS VIETNAM GAME AND EVE OF DESTRUCTION MODREGARDLSS BF1942 IF THE BEST ONLINE GAME THERE IS
 Great game and a must have for any true war-gamer , obviously . I was a little let down by the maps and first version typical bugginess . This is one small step for Battlefield enthusiasts , one giant leap for the gaming industry . ---------------------------------------------- AMD 2500 + , 512K DDR , 128mb Geforce
 for realistic fun . . nothing beats this . . buy it . . no questions asked
 Lots of massive maps , vehicles and guns . Very fun when playing on the internet . I think it is the best shooting game online but , I hav n't played Far Cry . I doubt it has as many vehicles , and big maps though .
 First of all , if your computer is LESS than a 2GHz CPU , 512MB RAM , SB Live , Nvidia Geforce4 4200Ti w/128MB , then do n't bother with this game -- you WILL be disappointed . It will be too slow for you and look bad . This game is EXTREMELY hardware intensive and you REALLY need the 128MB or more on your high-end video card . Also , do n't bother if you do n't play multiplayer . The single-player mode is worthless . If you think this game sucks , chances are your PC does.All that aside , this game ROCKS ! If you have an up-to-date system , and a cable or DSL connection , then you will love this game . This game IS NOT Battlefield 1942 . It is completely different game . The graphics and textures look great . The sounds effects are terrific ! You can here the bullets wizzing through the cover and brush . The cover is great , this game is a sniper 's dream . For once I actually enjoy playing a sniper . The jets are really not used to their full potential -LRB- maps too small , jets too fast -RRB- . I would have been happy without them . The helicopters are well implemented . As a die-hard BF-1942 fan , it took a while for me to get used to it . But once I did , I 'm now a convert . I HIGHLY recommend this game .
 This game shows many improvements over the good old BF1942 . I 've seen alot of people complaining about it though . Poor graphics , hard to control vehicles , overpowering , blah blah blah . Let me tell you that you do need a fairly good graphics car dot play it and a rather good computer . Basically an Alienware Computer . Even on low graphics tho this game still rocks .
 I ca n't add much to the reviews already written , most written for multi-player gamers . I picked up BF : VN with thinking to play it casually in single-player , but the experience is disappointing - revealing just how solidly and exclusively BF : VN is a MP game.FOR THOSE WHO MISSED BF :1942 - BF : VN puts you in any of the militaries of the US and either North or South Vietnam . Very much a team game , the game engine allows you to start out as a soldier , yet being able to hop into drivable vehicles - from jeeps and tank to helicopters and fighter jets . Unhappy with your gear ? Just pick up stuff left by a fallen soldier -LRB- of any side -RRB- and do n't feel too guilty because many first time players will doubtlessly be the first to go . Battles are immersive - staging dynamic and complex confrontations in varied settings . More than jungles , BF : VN drops you in rivers , villages and even cities . Terrain varies between flat and hilly . Rather than randomly arranged settings , map design appears designed around specific locations -LRB- villages , hills , an island , a temple -RRB- . Combat is more than a notch above typical 1st person shooter type games - health points disappear quickly , and enemies are typically much harder to find than be hit by . Your weapons do n't often go where you aim them , and be sure to watch your ammo because reloading is too cumbersome and time-consuming to start while in the middle of a firefight . `` Saigon . I was back in Saigon . `` Besides its immersive maps , the game engine spices things up with a great soundtrack certain to be at least as evocative as any of the `` accepted '' Hollywood movies . The game starts off with `` Fortunate Son '' by Credence , while the main-menu brilliantly chooses an artfully looped instrumental version of `` White Rabbit '' . -LRB- The Rotten Review finds `` Rabbit '' an especially apt choice because its mix of martial drums and otherworldly guitar licks hints at the culture war exploding back in the US . -RRB- Music aside , both menus and in-game action contain great sound effects - radio calls from friendlies , the droll delivery of `` Hanoi Hannah '' , the deceptive confidence of LBJ , various voices which may hint at Adrian Cronauer - guaranteed to keep your attention w/I the 4 corners of your screen . `` Hell is the impossibility of reason . `` So why is n't BF : VN a great SP game ? Perhaps it 's too much a game for one player - there 's always action going on somewhere , too much for a single player to handle himself . -LRB- I played the `` Khe Sanh '' level three times in a single night , with three different endings . -RRB- Vehicle control is tricky - especially for aircraft . There 's something unabashedly cool about a game where you can troll around a base and just hop into any Hueycobra , MiG or Phantom you can find - but once inside , the hard realities erode the coolness . Aircraft are hard to control , and finding targets inside a comparatively small battlefield while zipping along at jet speeds makes flight frustrating . -LRB- That said , between great level design and challenging , if unrealistic flight physics , helicopter flying can be fun without the combat involved . -RRB- If gameplay is complicated , the underlying strategies are disproportionately simple
 This game rocks !!!!!!! not only is the ground soldier part great , but you can also fly helicopter gunships , helicopter transports , jets , jeeps , and more.There are many realisic guns on there to like , M60 's , AK47 's , M16 's , SKS 's , M14 's , LAW 's and much more.You can give your men orders too . I also warn you , the computer controled soldiers on the game are some of the stupidest retards on the face of the planet , the best thing you can tell them to do is hold there ground , otherwise they will end up shooting you in the back and then screaming something like , `` are you working for the Kong , boy ??? '' or they will jump out of the chopper while your still siting in it . They are real stupid.The best thing about this game is the freedom , the head boss might say somethig like , `` capture these 3 base , heres a load of jets , choppers , boats and guns . Go Go Go Go !!!!!!!!!! `` It ROCKS !!!!!!!!
 Forget those bad reviews . As a hardcore bf player , BF veitnam and BF 2 . This game is very realistic ! Ground combat just gets your blood going and Helicopter dogfights , OUT OF THIS WORLD ! If you get in a F4-phantom vs. mig dogfight it will blow your mind how much fun ! Online is AWSOME ! You actually have to plan and use guerella warfare ! once i was fight a guy online in a building . he ran behind a wall to avoid my AKMS . I expected him to just run from behind it but then he jumped out really fast and I almost reached the moon ! LOL . anyway ... Very fun game . buy it for addicting gameplay . Also try out BF2 and BF2142 -LRB- BF1942 is kinda boring , not many weapons -RRB- .
 I love this game overall this game is a real great game to play online .
 Being a Vietnam vet , I enjoy this game very much albeit I was a sailor so did not see the landbased combat . Graphics are overall very good but a little dated - shows the growth in the BF series . Have trouble controlling the aircraft - the single player maps are a little resrictive . Also , have somewhat mastered helo ops but have had the helo move in reverse from what keys were being used causing a crash . Do n't know if this is related to my bluetooth keyboard . Have not tried to use a helo with FAng yet .
 This game is lots of fun ... I am not a hard core gamer so I ca n't comment too deeply about the graphics ... but they look good to me . I really love the music feature as well ... Alot people do n't like the capture the flag aspect of the game ... I think it adds a strategy element to it .
 I like this game a lot but I did n't initially . There is a learning curve with the aircraft and that has turned out to be my favorite part . I 've gotten very good with the helicopters . With the planes , you have to navigate using the little map . I like being able to play music in the vehicles . I have BF 1942 and Battlefield 2 . Of the three , I like BF Vietnam about the same as 1942 . I like 2 the least in terms of single player .
 This game is unbelievable . the guns are really ralalistic . The battle damage is pretty accurate and its not that difficult of a game . There are a fair amount of levels.However there is a coupl bad things . When you have a sniper and your behind a bush , The vietnamese can see you ! Some levels are too easy and they no purpose . But still , this game is a really good game .
 If you played all of the frist battlefields then you will like this one , more weapons , planes , helicopters , and more people to shoot . I have n't played the game in a while but when I did , nobody could could take me away from the computer that 's how interesting it is . My friend said `` that I recamend this game to anyone but my sister '' . I also advice people who like gaming to the next level of close to the edge gaming then buy this game .
 this game was one of the best games in my opinion ... until I found out that it needed an expensive video card ! But if u get all the graphics on the lowest amount , u could play , even if its pretty choppy -LRB- it gets annoying after a while , u cant aim well -RRB- But I dam playing with a geforce 2 and i am playing it so i guess it could have been worse . But anyway , the graphics , on the highest option available looks very good . theres so much grass and plantlife , and also some blood , so I guess it does need a pretty good video card . This game is so fun u could play it for 4 hours and u wont get bored . the ai can be very fun to kill especially the one level where u have thousands of guys against a few of u guys . the sound is i guess kinda good -LRB- cause i do n't really care , as long as it 's fun ... -RRB- and in the end , its a very enjoyable game .
 I guess i 'll begin with the single player . Its ok but since the bots are good for training , you can work on helicopter or airplane flying with out taking much hits from the bots . Once you think your good enough head over to the multiplayer as long as you have an ok comp with cable or dsl connection you wo n't get much lag -LRB- i currently run 1.7 Ghz 256 Ram cable connection with little lag -RRB- . The main reason I like this game so much is because theres always some thing new . . fly a bomber or fighter plane , transport tropps via huey helicopter . USe the U.S. 's Patrol boat or maybe drive a tank or jeep . If 1st person action is your type theres a quite a few choices use an m15 or a sniper . If a tanks in the way use a LAW or a few grenades . Theres always something new in this game .
 Battlefeild Vietnam is a really good game.But let me tell you , this game is not for slow or old computers.It doesnt take 5-10 minutes to load a map.I have a pentium 4 and it only takes about 2 minutes max.The guns are amazin , espicailly the L.A.W and the m16 are all really good.You are fighting the north Vietnames and the Vietkong.The Vietkong will use punge sticks -LRB- big sticks w/poison on the end -RRB- and will use other weapons like that.You can airlift a vehicle in and out of hotspots and you can use fighter jets that have fire bombs and missles -LRB- machine guns for the MIG 's -RRB- You can rig a Vehicle w/explosives and when any1 gets in it the vehicle will explode.This game is much tougher that BattleField 1942 but that doesnt make it a bad game.A few of the minor flaws are that1.If you fall down the stairs running and kill yourself , but you will have minimal damage if you just fall of w/o running .2 . You can kill an enemy fighter jet w/one missle but it will take 2 to take down a helicopter3.The game will just freeze after about 45 mins . of play.Overall , this game is definatly worth the cost and the storage it takes up on your computer.The weapons are cool and combat is great.A must buy .
 The game is fine it just needs few batches . my advice to invest in a new video card like GForce FX5700 ultra , or ATI 9600XT , and more RAM -LRB- 512mb -RRB-
 The overriding theme of the reviews that are against this product seem to be in the vein of those that feel the game was either A -RRB- unbalanced , or B -RRB- `` buggy '' . Well , guess what ? Vietnam itself was unbalanced ! The programmers did a remarkable job , in my opinion , to make the U.S. forces so overwhelmingly better-equipped than their counterparts . The only solution to making the game `` fun '' was that kills had to be much easier for both sides -LRB- hence the ease at sniping and quicker deaths -RRB- . As for the game having bugs , I can tell you I do n't bother playing on-line since I know my connection is inferior , so I certainly wo n't complain . The game plays perfectly on my computer -LRB- bought a year ago but I made sure it had plenty of high-end RAM -RRB- . The extra effects of bullet ricochets and music in the vehicles , as well as the sound of gunfire going through the grass around you shows an attention to detail often taken for granted.In short , I think the majority of those not happy with the game were expecting what they got for BF1942 . Simply put , this is n't that platform . To render the jungles of Vietnam you 'll need to expect some performance issues unless you 're the type of gamer that always worries about such things and ensures the highest quality from your PC.The patches will make ths game better . The programmers will try to improve the play . The new maps should be fantastic . I especially appreciate the `` mobile '' spawn points on boats or from crates/tunnels . The team aspect just has n't been fully developed on-line , yet . Give it time .
 I know that this game is supposedly filled with bugs but how come I did n't get any ? I have whole mess of computers because my friend works in a Cyberpower inc , and I tried it on one of the most cheap computers that I had . It was only AMD Athlon 2000 + , 512mb ram , GeForce 4 MX 440 64mb , with DSL and I was able to run it with no bugs , no lags , and on medium settings . But you guys who whines that this game is filled with bugs , try to see if your system meets the requirments . If it does , then try to see if there is anything else wrong with your PC . But if the game is still not working or has bugs , try downloading a patch or return it . You guys do n't have to make bad comments and rate it bad just because it does n't run on your PC and it does on mine . If you did n't play the game itself you should n't rate it.Now back to the game itself , this game is amazing . I have played it and enjoyed every minute playing this game . It 's so much better than Battlefield 1942 because you have newer weapons , more maps , and different vehicles . Not only that , you will have more wide variety of tactics such as the Vietcong 's Hit and Run or set up a trap with logs . It definitly has better sounds with radios in vehicles and better graphics . And no , it does n't have worse graphics then Battlefield 1942 . Oh crap , I have to go . Just make sure you have better computer than Pentium 3 1.4 or Athlon XP 1600 + with 512mb ram , GeForce 4 TI and Radeon 9000 or higher with DSL or higher connection to play without so much lags . The reason why the graphics reccomendation is so high is because this will make a big diffrence in the game . If you only have a GeForce 2 , 3 , Radeon 8500 or lower , it might not run very fast . To play it on highest settings with no lags , get at least Athlon XP 3200 + , 1GB ram , Radeon 9600XT or GeForce 5700 Ultra with cable modem . Hope you enjoy the game and make sure you have at least my requirements to play with no lags . But you might have to play on low settings .
 My dad , being a Vietnam Vet , when i showed him the tralier to this game said , this might be one video game he may be willing to play . He says from the screens and the trailer , its kida like what he really went through during Vietnam . Cant wait for this kick ass game .
 this is true first person shooter in the world , now graphics good , new wepons and new vehicles then you enjoy with it.i dont know why some people dont like it ? because they have a bad video cards .
 this game have very high graphics i have ATi 9800 XT Pro And The game runing very goooooood
 I honestly cant wait wait for this expansion . I have both expansion packs and loving it . One more would just make itall better -LSB- ^_^ -RSB- anyway i am sure u all a lot about this games future but something worries me if this game will be very sniper based cause its forest like call of duty was at the begining full of those damn sniper rifels . So lets pray developers did not screw this one up .
 Some of the mods that they have been making for the original Battlefield 1942 are not all that great with the exception of Deasert Combat . There are some vietnam mods out there but they are not all that great . Its great to see that EA Games has finaly ready to put out another great game .
 I have played BF 1942 and Desert Combat alike . BF Vietnam outclasses them by far . I have not found any bugs with it as others have described in their reviews . My first experience with BF Vietnam was at a LAN party . The game performed flawlessly for us.I think BF Vietnam gives a person a good idea of what it was actually like to be in Vietnam . Some reviewers have complained about not knowing where the fire was coming from when they were being shot at . Is n't this what Vietnam was really like ? Another reviewer complained about how the VC or NVA take over a control point right after you take it . The reason they are able to do this is because they are digging tunnels.This game was play tested quite intensively before it was released . I do n't think EA decided to push out a product and then patch it later . This is evidenced by the fact that so far there has not been a patch for it.I am running this game on a AMD Athlon 1.3 gig processor , 512 Megs of RAM , NVidia GeForce2 MX 400 64 RAM video card , on Windows XP . As you can see , my system is close to the minimum requirements for this game , yet it performs flawlessly unless I turn the bots up to 64 or higher.What I like about this game is that it really gives you the feel of being in Vietnam . It is probably the most realistic 1st person shooter wargame I have ever played . The only downside I see to this game is that it 's hard to fly helicopters and planes . I just stick to being infantry or driving tanks.If you are a fan of wargames and the Vietnam era , you should buy this game , you ca n't go wrong .
 The Battlefield franchise enters a new era equipped with more firepower , modernized weaponry and vehicles , and a deeper infantry experience from the jungles to the beaches of Vietnam . From villages on the Ho Chi Minh Trail to the city streets of Hue wage modern warfare as the United States or North Vietnamese Army -LRB- NVA -RRB- . Select from a variety of characters within the different soldier classes as you command powerful new vehicles including attack and transport helicopters , the M551 Sheridan tank , and the F-4 Phantom fighter jet on the U.S. side and the Russian-made T-54 tank , the MIG-21 , and Mi-8 multipurpose helicopter on the NVA side.Go to war in new dramatic battle scenarios including leading a squadron of helicopters in an all-out attack on an enemy compound , executing an ambush of enemy soldiers from dense foliage , captaining a PT boat through a dangerous jungle river passage , and more . Grab your M-16 , ready the Napalm , and prepare to enter some of the fiercest battles of the Vietnam War.Key FeaturesCommand powerful Vietnam-era vehicles -- rule the skies in the F-4 Phantom , airlift vehicles in transport helicopters , and more.Master the weapons of jungle warfare including pongee sticks and booby traps.Wage war online from dark jungles to villages on the Ho Chi Minh Trail.Go to war as a Viet Cong , Green Beret , or other soldier types , each with multiple character skins.Head into battle with a generation-defining soundtrack blaring from your chopper , including songs by CCR , Jefferson Airplane , and more .
 Greatest Shooting game so far !!!!
 Well from these reviews that bash it , about how it takes a high end chip to play them . I have a 2.8 Ghz pentium 4 proccsesor . But I only have 256 on my RAM and my graphics I think are 128 . If this game sucks at the beginning and it doesnt play I am gon na be so let down because I am a fan of the Battelfield games . Can someone comfort me about if it will run or not or if these guys are just have really bad machines .
 If you do not have a good system it is not the gaming company 's fault . Upgrade your pc so that you can play it . The technology these days is so much more advanced than it was a few years ago or even 1 year ago , that you need to upgrade your video card and possibly your memory . I have had my pc for 7 months -LRB- heres my stats -RRB- Athlon XP 3000 +512 memradeon 9200 128MBThose are my stats which are good , except for my awful video card wich i am planning on upgrading to a 9800 pro soon . The thing is , if you want to keep up with the gaming world , your computer also has to be able to keep up with the gaming world . If you are looking for an amzing first person war game then look no further because this is the best one on the market right now . There are also few games that have better graphics than this game -LRB- the main one being UT 2004 -RRB- ... so if you ask me ... its probably time for an upgrade to a better video card and a maybe some more memory anyway , so buy this game and play the S ** T out of it because it rocks !!!!!!!! 1
 you people who think that the game sucks because you have low end specs are idiots . Battlefield 1942 was the exact same way when it first came out . As soon as Dice releases a patch , this game should run as smooth as the original . I have an ati radeon 9800 graphics card so my game runs smooth , but i have seen the lag issues with less advanced chips . DONT WORRY , there will be a patch soon and then everything will be back up to 1942 status ... -LRB- also the RA console will be better -RRB- all together THIS GAME IS AWSOME .
 This game is great , but dont say it has `` gripping single player '' action . Single player is good for first timers to learn how to play because the AI bots are not that good , but still give you enough fun to keep playing it for the sake of learning.Dont say it 's taxing on your computer either . The only reason you get lag is because your computer is below average or your connection is laggy at that time . Any average computer can run this -LRB- mine is a 512mb ram , 160gb hd , 128 mb Nvidia video card , 2.6 mhz processor , your average computer -RRB- . 2 gigs is nothing for todays games buddy , so learn some basics before you make groundless comments.Obviously this game owns if it 's BF1942 's sequel . How could it not , you 've got much better graphics than BF1942 -LRB- which were average , not great but just average -RRB- , cooler weapons and vehicles -LRB- helicopters !! -RRB- , lots of new strategy -LRB- shoot out vehicles as passenger , which you couldnt do in BF1942 -RRB- , more game types , etc. . . If you like FPS online action then you owe it to yourself to get this , you wont be dissapointed .
 I bought this game expecting to have some fun ! But even with a brand gameing system which cost over $ 3000 it still laggs ! The graphics look choppy and thers not that many maps ! Buy battlefield 1942 , its better than this and cheaper . This also has tons of bugs and a lot of hackers ! EA games rushed to get this game into the shelves but it is just a pices of -LSB- S -LRB- h | ! -RRB- t -RSB-
 First of all , you should not listen to negative reviews for this game . The people who complain about it obviously DID NOT READ the minimum requirements on the box !!! This game does have higher requirements than almost any other game I have seen -LRB- specifically , Geforce 3 , Radeon 8500 or higher graphics cards -RRB- . With requirements like that , you should not even think of buying the game if your computer does not have at least a 64 meg graphics card and a cable modem.Get the game if :1 -RRB- You have Nvidia or Radeon graphics cards greater than or equal to 64 megs .2 -RRB- You have a cable modemDO NOT get the game if :1 -RRB- You have a 56K connection .2 -RRB- Your computer is old.Now , onto the game itself : I was blown away . The game is incredible . I run it with Medium video settings , and the game runs flawlessly . EA has added many nice touches . Here are a few :1 -RRB- You can no longer keep running when zoomed in -LRB- this is much more realistic -RRB- 2 -RRB- All new weapons with all new , much more realistic sounds .3 -RRB- The sounds they have added are amazing . Next to the water you can actually here the water coming in and out , there are birds in the woods , and the sky is incredible . Not like the boring blue haze of the original Battlefield 1942.4 -RRB- The maps are much more immersive . The jungle maps especially . In some the foliage is so dense you sometimes pass an enemy within 10 feet without noticing them ! That adds a lot to the stealth part of the game .5 -RRB- Timers letting you know how long until a base is taken , and alarms if a base is under attack .6 -RRB- A sniper is much more effective now with more accurate weapons . -LRB- Not to worry , the game has n't turned into a sniper fest . Snipers are n't effective in all the maps because of the dense jungles in some -RRB- . Those are a few of the reasons I enjoy the game so much more than its predecessors.If you have a good system and like FPS this is a MUST BUY.P.S . Flight of the Valkyries is the best piece to play from your vehicle radio when in game :-RRB- .
 It has it 's weaknesses , but they are few . If you enjoyed Battlefield 1942 and have a thing for modern combat , then you are going to enjoy this . They 've improved the game engine and the graphics , making it an enjoyable game over-all . If you do n't plan to play it as multiplayer , then pass on it . Go with Call of Duty or something from the Medal of Honor series . No campaign mode like in BF1942 . You can however , play the maps in single player mode for practice , but the AI just does n't cut it . Your teammates wo n't be the brightest decision makers , and the enemy will always spot you no matter how hard you hide . Stick to on-line play like it was intended for . The maps are filled with trees and overgrown foliage , lots of places to hide and run for cover . Great choice of gunboats , fighter jets , tanks and other vehicles , including all classes of Vietnam-era helicopters.With the right setup on your system , the sights and sounds of battle in this installment of the series are incredible . You can hear the distant artillery fire , overflying jet fighters and the rumble as an F4 Phantom plasters a hillside with napalm . Smells like victory ... Runs smoth with high settings on my : Pentium 4 w/hyper threading3 .2 GHz1G RAMGeForce PCX 5300 128MB video card
 Alright everybody , do not give heed to those who bash this game . BFV is FAR better than any Battlefield game that has come out.I 'm just going to list the pros and cons , but for those of you who need to see computer specs before believing , here you are : I 'm running a Pentium 4 , 2.4 GHz , 512Mb of RAM , and a 64Mb ti4200 Geforce 4 graphics card.Yeah , I know , that 's kind of a low end system now , but I am able to run the game with almost no trouble at all . Of course , I have to have the graphics turned down to medium , but that does n't effect the gameplay at all.PROS :1 -RRB- The engine used here is SO much better than the one used for the original BF1942 games . It 's able to generate lush plant life such as grass , trees , boulders , and all of these with an increased viewing distance .2 -RRB- As opposed to the 0 % cover that was offered in the BF1942 games , this game 's cover is so incredible that sneak attacks are possible . The phrase `` Take cover !! '' actually means something ! 3 -RRB- The introduction of helos is a massive step forward as well . Unfortunately , there will be the occasional `` newbie '' flyer who gets you killed , but that sort of problem is becoming much more infrequent as people get used to the system .4 -RRB- Both sides are VERY well balanced . Unlike the disgustingly unbalanced Desert Combat mod , this game actually balances things as they should be . The Ak-47 has a 30 round clip , whereas the M16 has 20 round clip . However , the M16 is far more accurate at long range than the Ak-47 . It 's this sort of balance that is apparent throughout the entire game . Each side has its strengths and weaknesses , and because of this the sides have to use different strategies in order to increase their advantage .5 -RRB- The sound of gunfire is much better than the sounds used in BF1942 . The gunfire is n't as tame by a long shot . And the sound of the environment is beyond belief . Crickets , birds , the rustle of grass , and the lap of water is beyond any other Battlefield game.CONS :1 -RRB- Low end computers should not even bother trying to run this . I feel as if my system is as low as anybody would want to go -LRB- unless they have a really good graphics card with a large stache of memory . -RRB- So there you have . Definately get this game if your computer is as good or better than mine .
 Pretty awesome game . I am hooked . My father-in-law , a vet said in a low voice as I ran down into a rice pattie , `` watch out -- that 's where they hide ... ''
 First of all , this is a First Person shooter game , which means you run around and shoot people . You do n't just have to stick to a gun , but you can hop into a tank , helicopter , jeep , apc , plane , artillery truck , defensive gun / cannon , hotwizer , each personilized to the team -LRB- the NVA son , t use F-4 's , they use Migs . -RRB- There are four classes in this game each of wich you can take one of 2 kits.Assult
 The individual solo games are fun , but it is the multiplayer that makes this game . You can snipe opponents from the brush , lay down and they can not see you . Booby trap vehicles , there is so much to do and the maps are so huge . Helicopters are difficult to control , but very effective . Ho Chi Minh trail has awesome graphice detail , as do most of the scenarios . The sound is really awesome with the anti war PA announcements flooding the area . Overall , lots of fun .
 This so far is my favorite PC Game . Everything seems to flow much faster than in 1942 . Sniping is now a dream come true , helicopters make the battles at least ten times better , and the jets are just plain fun ! I also enjoy the vietnam era weapons much more.Map wise , you can do urban battles , maps with lots of water , or woods maps . I say woods maps because only one map and it 's variation feel like jungle to me . The rest seem more like a forest setting , except the urban areas obviously.If you enjoy FPS , play this game !
 For those unfamiliar with the basics of the game , Battlefield Vietnam is a multiplayer-focused shooter that allows you to fight the battles of the Vietnam War against computer-controlled bots or up to 63 other players . In the conquest mode , which is the primary mode of play here just as in Battlefield 1942 , players divide up into two teams , one for the US and its Vietnamese allies and the other for the North Vietnamese and its Vietcong allies . You 're then dropped into a gigantic map and must battle for strategic control points . In addition to running around on foot with a variety of weapons , you can jump into an assortment of vehicles , including jeeps , tanks , helicopters , jets , and more . Often , multiple players can jump into the same vehicle ; for example , one player can pilot the helicopter while two players handle the side-mounted machine guns and two others sit back and shoot out the side with their own weapons . It can make for a wildly exciting experience as the two teams slug it out in a tug-of-war struggle , and a team 's fortunes can change in a heartbeat depending on the skill and coordination level between players.MUST BUY game for action gamers Fans.I also advise you to get thesse requirements before buying this game.OS
 First of all you will see a lot of bad reviews for this game by people who have little to no coordination . The reason bad reviews are given is becauce they do not take enough time to understand the game . Secondly the Nvidia video cards , the Asus motherboards and the Atholon processors -LRB- yes AMD -RRB- beat hands down any Intell-Radeon-VIA combo . The fact of the matter is that no matter how many gigaherts you have you will not get the desired gameplay if your hardware is not compatable or is not designed for `` The Gameplay Experience '' . I give Battle Field
 Ok here is the scoop
 Basically , you get really good at flying a helicopter . Then you go VC , then you steal an American helicopter . Game over . The American 's have dismal anti-air capabilities -LRB- nothing handheld at this time anyway -RRB- . This gives the VC the advantages of having American grade technology , and they have good hand held anti-air . Game over .
 Battlefield Vietnam has about a dozen or so single player missions . Gameplay is good but not great . AI is very weak . Weapons are fun . Graphics are 8/10 , need fast system . Overall , some good gaming but not really worth the price more like an add-on .
 First of all , I would like to clarify that I have never played the single player campaign for any of the Battlefield series . It must be stated that the battlefield games were most certainly not made for the single player . Kind of like Counter-Strike . This game was meant to be played online , and if you are n't playing it as such then you are n't experiencing its true greatness . This game is an almost perfect addition to the battlefiled series that was produced by EA instead of the fans this time . With the purchase of this game , you should understand full and well that the only thing you are to pay attention to is the little item choice called multiplayer . The graphics are good as far as online centric FPS games go . I would recomend this to anyone that wants to enter into or expand their play in the multiplayer FPS genre . This is one of those LAN party type of games only good with other people and it is a very good change in pace to my favorite Battlefield franchise . My only complaint , and the reason it is four and not five stars , is that the helicopters are much more toned down over the ones in the fan mod Desert Combat . My favorite part of battlefield is the helicopter combat and the ones found here are sluggish and are more utilitarian in nature . Happy Fragging . ^_^
 My system :1.2 Ghz AMD Athlon512 MB RAMGeForce2 64 MB video cardSB 512 sound cardI updated my audio and video drivers and installed the latest version of directx before installing BFV . It installed and runs fine . I 've been using the defaults that it selected for my machine , low video settings , 16 bots , etc. . The game plays fine and the video is still good at low res -LRB- comparable or better than BF1942 -RRB- . I think it 's a good game with some good maps . Have n't tried multiplayer yet . The only bug I 've seen is the artillery sound loop . you just need to exit the current game and start a new one to fix it -LRB- and do n't use fixed artillery -RRB- . I 'm sure that will be fixed in a future patch .
 The graphics are incredible almost photo realistic . It is so much fun cause u can fly and drive 24 different vechicles . There are tons of weapons and the levels are real big . It is cool cause u can do real stuff that waz in Vietnam .
 CPU
 Battlefield Vietnam is as stunning as was the original Battlefield 1942 when it came out . It makes leaps beyond the original battlefield however , and therefore requires a more powerful computer to run effectively . If you have the equiptment you are in the position to enter a simulation of the vietnam war unlike any ever made . This game blows the original Battlefield , and its mods , away . The terrain -- whether it be in jungle or city -- is more complicated and realistic , offering endless strategic possibilities . The weapons are sick , from the heavy machine guns to the helicopters and jet airplanes . The action is just more realistic all around , from the graphics , to the sounds , to the gameplay.I bought this game expecting a mod of the original game -- something on par with Secret Weapons of WWII . But this game goes waaaay beyond a mod . It is , in short , state of the art . There is a bit of bugginess that can cause it to be a heavy load on some servers , producing lag . And , again , it does have high demands in terms of your computer , but if you have the right equiptment these problems will seem trivial in light of the greatness of the game.My computer has an AMD Athlon 64 3k + processor with a radeon 9800 pro video card , 1 gig ram .
 I 'm a huge fan of the series . The fact that I 've worn off the w , a , s , d , and z keys of several keyboards should tell you something.I 'm glad I bought the game and would do so again . Still , I must admit I was a tad disappointed.Here 's my take : Right-on : Compelling musicDiversity of mapsSlew of new weaponsMore realistic physics in some areas , such assault weapons -LRB- you REALLY need to use short controlled bursts -RRB- Some elements of the graphics are impressiveFact-filled historical infoThe navigation and intro screen capture the era and set the mood for the game.Bummers : Resource intense game that will tax even high-end systemsColor palette is somewhat drab and flat.While the graphics are more complex , I found the overall effect less realistic that the original game.The pyrotechnics for the firing and hits of artillery and tank main guns sucks when compared with the original.I 'm hopeful things will improve in a future expansion.After playing for several weeks , I take it all back . This is one awesome game . Getting the right drivers makes a big difference .
 Battlefield Vietnam is a real fun game . If you played Battlefield 1942 its a must have . If you have not played Battlefield 1942 you may not know Battlefield Vietnam is a sequil if you will . Do NOT buy this game if you dont have internet -LRB- but who doesnt now adays ! , and how would you be reading this ! -RRB- This game is not about single player . Its just there for training for online play . Well anyway even if you are on dial-up internet the game is still playable , just find a nice low ping server . So if you do n't have DSL or Cable do n't shy away . This game has great graphics , and it doesnt take a super PC to run . It plays much like Battlefield 1942 with some changes for the better !
 As a gamer , I have found that the best games are those that have good fun action , true multiplayer interaction and have an edge over the competition - BF Vietnam does it with spades . If you are new to the gaming world and want a team-oriented shooter-style game , BFVietnam will fulfill your needs and have you coming back for more . There are two teams - NVA/VC -LRB- Red -RRB- and the US/ARVN -LRB- blue -RRB- . Everyone can operate all the equipment from helos to the tanks , and its is easy to do so . There is a balancing issue now with the M-60 kit , but should be fixed very soon . For now , there are 4 types of infantry to pick from and all have + s and - s . If you are a returning BF gamer and think that the EVE mod is better , you are mistaken . The Graphics engine is upgraded and the 3D maps are so much better . . Even the radio -LRB- Use Zero , then a letter -RRB- gives BFVietnam its flavor over the original . Overall , you will find your self singing Surfin Bird as you drive to work or school . . Just get the game and go multiplayer !
 I just got my copy of Battlefield Vietnam -LRB- BFV -RRB- and installed it on a Sony Vaio -LRB- 2 GHz , 512K RAM , InVidia GeForce4 card . -RRB- After my initial frustration with the GeFoce4 drivers , I managed to update using the new GeForce4 drivers that came on the BFV CD . Viola ! Works like a champ ... now on to the game.BFV takes BF1942 and kicks it up a notch with new graphics , new weapons , new vehicles , etc.The jungle and buildings are superbly rendered.The songs -LRB- nostalgia at its best -RRB- are well chosen for the load screens.The weapons are terrific with each soldier able to make sub-selections -LRB- i.e. two types of sniper rifles . -RRB- The interactive play is almost exactly as BF1942 -LRB- which is the best FPS game around ! -RRB- with one new improvement , a 3D map option that lets you know how close to the enemy flag you are.Flying the helicopters takes some practice . I managed to shoot down a MiG-17 from a F-4 Phantom ... yeah , I 'm an ace ... This game is really great , especially for a first version release . I expected to see more bugs ! Great job EA Games ! It was worth the wait !
 I was a little hesitant about buying this game after buying the Team Saber Addon for Delta Force , but the era pulled me in . I managed to find it BRAND NEW for 34.95 on here at Amazon and it was well worth the money !!! Again , if you do n't have a good system , do n't bother . It runs really well on my computer though and I am very happy ! I noticed some have said that BF Vietnam should have been an addon to BF1942 , I disagree . . This is a whole new product . Would have liked to have seen better control of the aircraft though . .
 Most of the people are saying this game takes way too much power from the computer , but im running a 2.0 ghz 512 ram and a 64 mb card and its running absolutely perfect for me . Sure , its not terrible , but its far from the top fo the line . Game runs extremely smooth for me even though my computer doesnt run smoothly on most other programs . awesome to blast your own mp3s in jeeps while headin into battle or listenin to ride of the valkryies in a huey gunship . Absolutely awesome game and although all these other people say so , you wont need anything that costs you an arm and a leg to play it well .
 If you liked BF1942 , you 'll love BF Vietnam . Cool soundtrack and great graphics . I helps that I have an Nvidia 5950 . Without it FPS would be horrible . 5 stars -LRB- with latest haardware -RRB-
 i have so mutch fun on this its just a amazing how good the graphics are u really should buy it i will on tell the day i die if u see me online on it my gamertag is quagmirefell free to chat with me
 super FPS game with lots of weapons . Hardcore gamers wont be disappointed . i highly recommend purchasing . Graphics are good , story-line is so-so -LRB- and not to short -RRB- , audio is excellent and the price is right .
 Battlefield
 Got this game for my son , and he loves it . Does n't work as well on the lap top , but when I put it on the Desk top he could use all of the features .
 I recently got this game , it ROCKED ! I will never have so much fun on Call of Duty anymore . I hope you have the same experience . It is recommended for people who like flying Huey Gunships over a tall mountain .
 nels larson
 I have always been a fan of BFV . I lost my CD Key awhile ago and could n't play online . This was a cost effective way to get a new one . great price and always a fun game . Came out in 04 but still up there with one of my favorites . I think its better than some of the recent Battlefield titles .
 I bough this game here in Amazon in 2005 . Since 2002 I was only playing Counter Strike , Team Fortress , Day of Defeat , Doom e.t.c. CS , TF & DOD are amazing and I still play them . Since 2004 a friend of mine called Liquidmerc who I met in a CS tournament in 2003 was telling me about this new game called Battlefield Vietnam where I can do more then just shoot around and blow up stuff . He said I can jump in Helicopters and fire machine guns at the enemy , fly Helicopters like Hueys , KA25 , MI8 , Cobras , Chinooks , fighter-planes like MIG17 , MIG21 , A7 Corsair , F4 Thunderbolt , DC3-AC47 Gunship , Skyraider , Bombers , Transport-Planes , and ride other vehicles like Jeeps , Tanks , Armored-Vehicles and fire Missile and Rocket Launchers , Mortars , RPGs , Heat Seeking Missiles , Anti Aircraft Guns , Scooters , Gun-Boats and tons of other vehicles.The game is just amazing . It is the best game ever.Plus , there are free add on extensions called MOD like Point of Existence , World War II and more . POE has new aircraft and vehicles.Today in 2007 I am still playing BFV and its MODs and I am still not finished . I this is an ever lasting game.Its a must have game . Check out the videos of BFV , POE and WW2 on Youtube . You will see what an awesome game this is.The new games like BF2 and BF2142 are good but do not have the kick of BFV .
 I dont know what you fools are talking about , saying you have a high end system and it runs bad ... I have an AMD 64 / 1Gig DDR400 RAM / GeForce FX 5800 and my Battlefield runs flawless -LRB- except for the punkbuster scan upon joining a server -RRB- ... Now about you people who complain about the gameplay ... There is nothing wrong with it ! It 's a new game , get used to it ... And about this Desert Combat mod ... Hmm from what I understand there is already a mod being made with the new codes ... Great game , buy it !
 Bought this version 1.1 2004 Battlefield Vietnam game cause I liked it when it first came out in 2004 . Then found I couldnt get on any servers , Kept saying , Need Updates , Wound you like to update , When you press `` YES '' it does nothing , So I called EA to find out why . They Lied and said I needed Battlefield Bad Co 2 , so I bought that too . Didnt help the problem . THEN I discovered all I needed was the current patches for the servers to come up . And the patches are FREE downloads . Now Im happily killing enemy soldiers left and right . DONT TRUST EA . they will lie to you just to get you to buy their products . And their customer service just sucks outright . So if you buy this game , just go online and get the free download patches , Then go to the -LRB- HELLO -RRB- Clan servers here in North America , so I can kick your A$ $ . HeHeHe , Happy gaming , hope this helped
 I do n't play games anymore . I stopped playing about 2 years ago . Life is too short ! But when I stopped in 2008 people were still playing BF Vietnam online and some of the rooms were pretty full . That says a lot about how fun this game is . Well , fun and maddening ! Especially maddening when you have some twit chasing you who has spent the better part of his life learnnig how to fly a digital chopper .
 finaly !!!!! a game like battlefront -LRB- star wars -RRB- but without the lasers and wired battlegrounds this game will blow your mind !!!!!!!!!!!
 This battlefield has very high quality of graphics so buy it if u like battlefield.1-Pros : a-good music b-blood c-best multiplayer c-new vehicles & new weapons d-very sharp graphics than any battlefields e-good single player f-new weapons effects.2-Cons : a-it needs high system b-3 .5 stars to single player mode.I am a battlefield fan & I like this battlefield Vietnam .
 I own Battlefield 1942 and can honestly say it 's one of the best games out there right now . Insane graphics and intense gameplay are what we 've come to expect from EA titles such as the `` 007 '' series and their sports lineup . Battlefield is no different.Along with a gripping single-player mode , Vietnam offers intense online multiplayer action in which two teams collide on accurately detailed maps from the war in Vietnam.Based on the amazing job on Battlefield 1942 , Vietnam is sure to be of amazing quality , if not better than its counterpart . Keep in mind that Vietnam is not an update to Battlefield 1942 , but a stand-alone game.The only downside to the Battlefield series is how taxing it is on your computer . I have 381MB RAM , a 64MB Video Card , and a Cable modem , and I still experience lag here and there . Also , the insane amount of hard drive space it uses is a downer -LRB- Battlefield 1942 uses about 2 gigs ! -RRB- . If you 're looking for a good quality game though , I highly recommend Battlefield Vietnam .
 The difference between EOD and BFVietnam is : Better GraphicsYou can airlift tanks and jeepsNAPALMnot so many errors because i tried to play EOD and it would n't workdoes n't require BF1942and well there are so many better things about this game
 Great Action and story made vetran dad cry
 Video games are my main past time . Trust me , I 'm a nerd.A lot of people complain about this geme , yes , but they do n't realize just what makes a game . I 'm sorry if your 400 mhz CPU ca n't handle it but people really should know that nowadays if you really want to play games you 'll want a 2 gig CPU or better . And do n't be fooled by their protests , this game does not require a $ 500 graphics card , those people are probably just lacking proper CPU power like I said before . And lag is caused by poor connection speed on either your computer or the server , not the game.All the technical stuff out of the way , BFVietnam is a great game . It does a fairly good job of capturing the supense and tension of the Vietnam War . Choppers are handy and can be used to move spawn points and vehicles across the map . But choppers are not safe from Vietcongs with heat seeking missles , hiding just below the trees . If you liked battlefield but want to fight with something more modern , like in Desert Combat , this is a good game . In vehicles , the ability of your passengers to shoot out of the windows come in handy , and often nessicary to protect yourselves from Vietcongs popping out of tunnel networks , which , if your the Vietcong , can be used with devistating effectivness agianst you enemy , allowing you to sneak up easily behind them.A vey fun game , with intensity and that magic number of realism to make the game fun , but not impossible .
 Great game !!! other ppl r stupid ! they say their running on this top-of-the-line crap when at played it at my friends house -LRB- he has a 2.4 P4 , an nvidia GeForce4 MX , and with 567 megs of ram . it runs GREAT !! so he let me borrow it and i have pretty much the same type just more HD space and it ran just a little better but NO lag , NO chopeness , NO bugs , and NO `` stinky '' performance ! so if you want to listen to these guys that say IT LAGS I WONT MY MONEY BACK ! go ahead and listen to them but if u like FPS and an overall great game buy this ! and have fun !!! GL HF DD
 You heard me right pal ! this game is not for whining boys who complain that they get killed so easily . If you think this is your average counter-strike game ... guess again . With tanks , choppers , boats , booby-traps and several square miles-long map , gameplay is one heck of a battlefield.Im really amazed at how other players say this game is bad or that its too overrated , well I guess ignorance breeds discontent.The vietnam game takes you to another level after BF42 , the level of infantry tactics is only limited by your imagination.Though it has few issues like a high-end pc and a fast net connection . Believe me , if you posses those two requisites and you 're in into squad shooting games , this title is for you.I myself was a skeptic when I first heard of the title . But after buying the game and playing it online , well my money spent was money well-spent .
 I mainly played the first-person version of this game with limited mutliplayer , but this game ROCKS ! I think that the bots have gotten a lot better than before , even if they are n't the smartest , and if you like to just kill the enemy a lot without them noticing you then this is the game ! If you want a true challange , online would be your best experience . The controls are simple , the weapons are plain fun , and the graphics are fine even on slower , older machines . I just wish it was n't $ 50 , not really worth that amount of cash . If you can get it under $ 30 it 's worth it !
 Battlefield Vietnam is a fun game . Theres a lot of things you can drive . Theres also a lot of guns to choose from . Theres the M60 , M16 , M14 and a lot of others . You can even take the enemys weapons . Its different than oter games because instead of doing missions and get objectives you have to take enemy camps and bases . Its a lot of fun . A bad thing is that it takes about 3 shots to kill an enemy . You can usally hit them once and then they see you and kill you . Its worth 50 dollars .
 It appears to me that some people who have reviewed this game just do n't have much experience with online FPS , the players , or recent happenings with punkbuster . For those of you new to the online FPS community , and it is a community , there are those of us who admitedly have been playing the Battlefield sereis for quite a while . You are going to run across people on almost every server that is going to destroy you because of the difference in skill . I have read complaints about unbalanced this and that . I honestly have yet had a problem with scoring above 35 points a match playing with the people at my local LAN center . You learn to deal with spawn killers and air and land vehicles . Also , depending on when you got the game , a US heavy machine gun called the M60 got some much needed patching . It went from the n00b cannon from hell to the gun everyone avoids like the plague , which is good . So , depending on the time you played this game , experience with that gun may have varied . Also , some of you have spoken of problems with Punk Buster . ALWAYS MAKE SURE PUNK BUSTER IS ENABLED . Servers will kick for not using it and even deny you from joining . This is to stop some of the cheaters from earlier installments from making the game no fun . Unless you are a seasoned vetran of the FPS genre , or you are willing to put in effort , please do n't complain about good players on servers . This game has too many good features to pass up , but only if you want to play online , or LAN with your friends .
 This is probably my fsvorite online multiplayer game so far . There are lot 's of levels which are huge . You can have up to 64 people on a server.There are lot 's of weapons including bazookas , machine guns , pistols , mortars , rifles , knifes , bombs etc. . There are also traps you can set on the ground like spikes and others.There are also a lot of vehicles . Tanks , scooters , jeeps , planes , helicopters . You can get up to like 5 people on one vehicle.There is only a two minor problems . It gets laggy sometimes and it takes a while to get onto a server . Almost four minutes.You get to listen to music while your drivin vehicles and that 's cool . Songs I always play are songs are `` Wild Thing '' and `` Surfin Bird '' . There are like 20 songs all together.Still this is a great game for anyone thats a fan of war games and just good non-stop multiplayer action .
 I am a huge fan of battlefield 1942 and its mods , but have actually only had it since December so I was a bit overwhelmed when I saw this on store shelves . It is a much slicker game presentation wise , dripping with graphical and atmospherical details -LRB- U.S. radio DJ playing in base , glossy water , helicopter wind stirring on ground , to name a few -RRB- . It brings a few new gameplay elements to the table with airliftable vehicles , movable spawn points , and multiple packs per role -LRB- engineer1 , engineer2 , sniper1 , sniper2 , etc. -RRB- . Also coo is the ability to fire from the passenger seat of the jeep and the new 2 - map `` evolution '' gametype . So what 's not to love ? I personally do not think that game has enough maps or vehicles , but that 's okay . This game kind of ripped off mods Desert Combat and especially Edge of Destruction in some respects , but because they are user created mods that also is okay , if a pet peeve . The main problem that keeps one from enjoying this very enjoyable game that it is laggy as heck . This means that the framerate slows to a crawl on most servers , rendeing the game almost unplayable.I would advise you to wait for a patch to come out before you buy this game , especially of you have a Radeon graphics card -LRB- bugs -RRB- . I really do not think that the Vietnam war , which was somewhat infantry oriented , is very good bf material . Once mods like Dc and Gcmod -LRB- star wars -RRB- come out , I will be on this all day . Buy it now if you are a hardcore fan , otherwise wait until a patch comes out . Go ! Go ! Go !
 Battle Field Vietnam is a good game overall . There are plenty of vehicles and weapons , and even multiplayer skins -LRB- personally i liked being able to be black , since i am in real life -RRB- . Hits-Battle Field Vietnam has tons of vehicles.-There are plenty of weapons-Up to 64 players-You can play the radio in vehiclesMisses-Not enough teamwork . You 'll often be left behind by a transport helicopter being commandeered by one guy . Transport helicopters and a bomber/paratrooper plane all have up to 5 passengers , not including the pilot . Jeeps can carry 3 men , but there seldom used for anything other than ` fast-forward ' devices getting you to where you want to go quicker.-Helicopter physics is all wrong . In fact its so bad that my friend can hardly get off the ground . Luckily for him , a seasoned helicopter-gamer like me can pilot Battle Field Vietnam 's helicopters with ease.-The game itself is capture the flags . There are a bunch of camps that you have to capture . There are tickets that you start out with , usually 400 . You lose tickets by dying and having only 1 camp.-Computer bots are as dumb as rocks . Single-player is a great way to increase your skills , especially your piloting skills . However , the bots in singleplayer are idiotic . They can hardly pilot helicopters , and they do n't land transport helicopters , they use a US Army Ranger tactic , they parachute from the helicopters . But the pilot ditches out of the helicopter , and if your not careful , you 'll plummet to the ground inside the helicopter.-People in BFV often spray at you with AKs . It gets really annoying to be shot by someone running straight at you from nowhere.-Artillery is n't utilized . Artillery and mortars are too hard to use . Theres a way to aim them , by having someone call for artillery . U use the map , your arrow , and there sight to aim your fire . Overall , I 've never seen it used well , and i 've never used it well either.Note
 1942 was the best war game for a while and now Vietnam is which makes it an outstanding game . There is n't a tremendous amount of improvements but the game did n't need a whole lot of improvement in the first place . Still a blast to play with improved guns and maps and everything else but do n't expect anything mind bendingly awesome as far as changes . You 'll need a fairly high-end machine to run this game smoothly so if you do n't have one then you should look at something else . 1942 fans and FPS fans in general should have a great time playing this game .
 I ca n't understand why people would rate this with 1 or 2 stars ? OK . . if you are a 60 's peace activist who has been on the barricades during the Vietnam war , it might be logical that you do n't like the game . Or if you have a misconfigured machine , like one of the other reviewers . I am running the game on a 2.8 pentium , with a 9600 radeon 256mb and the machine as 1 gig internal memory -- > everything set to HIGH and running with over 90 frames a sec . So , that 's the tech part . Gameplay is fantastic . Multiplayer is absolutely a must when you play this game . Nothing beats playing this game with a couple of friends , forming a clan . Use teamspeak to talk to your buddies . The sounds are excellent and the graphics outstanding . If you have an ATI card , make sure to switch off AA and AF -LRB- this will be fixed in a later ATI driver I am sure or with a patch of BFV -RRB- . It was the best 40 $ spent in a LONG time .
 When I first ran this game I had a problem with textures flipping out and things like that but all I had to do was change a couple of settings and it ran fine . My friend could n't run the game for a while after he got it but then he found out it was due to some weird DX9 debug settings he had turned on for development work . Anyway , after we got the game working I have to say that it is one of the most fun games I have ever played !! The vehicle work is pretty much perfect ! There 's nothing quite as fun as doing a strafing run in a helicopter and taking out a couple of dudes with rockets . Or airlifting a buddy in a tank and having him shoot at airplanes with the main gun while flying him around . This game is sweet ! Thanks a lot EA and Dice !!!!!
 Battlefield 1942 is one of the best online FPS ever , I still play it to this day , and so do about 5000 other people . So obviosly I had High expectations for this game , and for the most part it delivered.It seems that Vietnam has replced WWII as the premeir war setting for a video game , and I think Battlefield Vietnam was the game that started it . The gameplay hasnt really changed except for the helicopters , which is you cant fly with the mouse , is impossible to pilot . It has about two times the weapons as BF42 , like M60 , M16 , M14 , M21 , Ak-47 , AK-MS , and so on.While the game is verry fun to play , it does have issues . For one , the maps can be large , verry large , and if you are playing online , people dont give rides often . Also the weapons are kinda unbalanced -LRB- which is changed in a lator patch -RRB- . But most of all , its a * System Hog * . Basically , if you dont have the cutting edge comp , you cant run it with the graphics on high . I have them on medium.Overall , if you liked BF42 , you will like BFV . It is still that fun , pilot anything , go anywhere gameplay which we all fell in love with.Concept - Make the new big online war FPS , but not quite make it.Presintation - 8.4 - The Box art is perfect and the menus are good as well . It all has a verry worn out look.Graphics - 8.6 - Much better then 1942 , could have had some bump mapping , but then you would need a super computer to run it . The animations are still crappy , they havent changed from 42 . Where is the ragdoll physics people ?!? Sound - 9.7 - Easily the high spot of the game . The battle sounds are great , and when you are driving , you can play your own MP3 's . Its fun flying over a vally in Vietnam listening to 50 cent Candy Shop.Playability - 8.6 - It controlls the same as 42 , but choppers are hard to fly if you are a noob.Entertainment - 8.4 - Verry fun to play and verry entertaining . But playing it will make you want to play 42 more.Replay Value - 9.7 - Its all about multiplayer , like 42 , which isnt a bad thing because multiplayer is what it strives at .
 I would give this game 3.5 stars , but i can not so i rounded it up to four . This game is good , but it is sort of like putting a 15 gallon thing of water on a camel . in other words , it is n't quite as good as the other battlefield games , so i drags it down a bit . Sure it is fun , but i doubt it will even compare to the up and coming sequel to the battlefield 1942 games -LRB- battlefield 2 -RRB- . But hey , it is a fun game , nevertheless . I think it is worth buying , but if you are on a budget , wait for battlefield 2 .
 I think this game is one of the best 1 shooter game I ever played . First of all , you get to drive in 30 new veichles including the U.S 's assult helicopter and MUTT , wich has a missle lancher on it so you blow the Vietnamess out of the sky.Also you can drive the NVA 's Scotter -LRB- i do n't know why they put it in the game , but it sure fast and furious -RRB- . You can alsouse weapons like the AK-47 , the M 16 , and the MAT-49 Mod . EA games really made a good game . The thing i wanted to happen the battlefild series is that the pirson can shoot his weapon in the veichle while its moving . This is alot funner and better . I also wanted the people to be diffrent colors . In battlefild 1942 , all the US guys are blond headed and have white skin . Now in BV , the players are diffrent colors . The thing i kind of hate about the game is the NVA have better weapons and veichles the US . That really bugs me . But i think this was a good game so i gave it a 5 star . ! more thing , dont listen to the people that gave it a 1 or 2 star .
 This game is better with the new patch that was added on . The M60 was a messed up gun which you could kill people like it was a sniper and now pretty much no one uses it . It is true that if you can fly a helicopter well you will get many kills and the games pisses you off a little bit but other then that it 's a good game . It is not a single player game if that is what your looking for . This game is ment to be played online . This game has added some fun with my friends in being in the same room and teaming up against everyone . They are coming out with new things for the game such as new levels and helicopters in the next patch so get this game . Based on what others have said it seems like it 's a bad game but it really is n't . This game is a fun game and only 30.00 in some stores . Trust me when you are playing against 50 people its crazy !!
 It 's a good game , espically for those of you who 're pilots!Great game in the air and on the sea , I ca n't say Im too fond of the groundside action though . Although I prefer the `` Shoot first , shoot again , shoot some more , then when everyone is dead , ask your question ! `` Anybody that says this game is bad is lying . If you are a SERIOUS shooter and you want to pinnacle of the shooting games out right now , you want this ! -LRB- dont beleive the 12 yr old thing , Im 15 -RRB-
 Yes , Battlefied Vietnam is here yay . This is a fun and addicting game . Even though the american are far more powerful than the poor vietnamees . Yes that is right I am talking about the -LRB- M60 -RRB- . Beside that the game turned out pretty good . Between far cry and BF vietnam ... I would choose Bf vietnam . It is an all around fun game . The most funest thing to do is get in to a chopper and play the song on my title . Im so good at this game it is funny . -LRB- - :
 This is a great game . I only have a BF 1942 Demo with only one map but this game is much better . EA does have a patch for the laggy gameplay but you have to enter the code yourself -LRB- it isnt really that hard , you do it with notepad -RRB- but that only clears up only 75 % of the lag . NOTE
 People who complain about lag and compare it to BF42 must be blind as to the fact that it has at least 50x the vegetation of bf42 , and much better quality of graphics . The lag i experienced in the game -LRB- note
 There are plus and minus for every game as there are for different maps . But flying the helicopters is a gas . Enemy weapons and allied weapons are well balanced . Latest downloadable mod corrects the M60/LAW combination that was almost undefeatable . Hiding in grass or all out fast twitch infighting are all available in the various maps . Not so tank intensive as the original , more helicopter dominated . Gee , just like Vietnam .
 Better than BF1942 . Has a few small bugs left but EA has been patching . Highly recommend !
 If you like Medal of Honor or Call of Duty , this is the game for you . Fight the NVA and Viet Cong or fight the Americans or South Vietnamese . The M60 & M16 are the best weapons . This game has GREAT graphics , but is much harder than the first 3 battlefields . Vietnam is also much faster than the older ones . If you are NVA or Viet Cong than you can create booby traps , giving you an advantage . That is what this game is about . If I could give it 10 stars , than I definetly would . I strongly recommend this game .
 I hear people complain about how they have a great computer yet the game play is jerky , the problem is that you have too many background programs running or your internet connection 's bandwidth is really low . Battlefield is for GAMERS , it is not for novice players who wont learn . If you going to play battlefield make sure your computer is geared towards the task , battlefield does not require a really fast computer but it does help . make sure you have NO background programs running , make sure you have your firewall assign in/out permission to battlefield and make sure you have a FAST internet connection . you need at least a 1.5 DSL , any cable is better then DSL though.I guarantee you that if you meet those requirements and you learn how to play you wont be able to stop . Also remember that it not just about points , if you want to fly in a helicopter ferrying people back and forth do it , if you want to snipe and kill someone every hour then do it . there is no more enjoyable game than battlefield.also battlefield is a game where online play has practically no lag at all , so if you see lag it 90 % of the time it is you and 10 % the server . for people that always experience lag and have a high speed connection , fast computer with no backround programs , try to find a better online server . filter your servers to display only EA server 's which are the fastest and try one of those rooms . if all else fails , reformat your computer , reinstall your OS , download all the patches , install only neccasary programs and of course battlefield then run it . it will fly fast , youd all be surprised how a monthly or bimonthly reformat of your computer will do wonders for your speed , also it will keep your HD living longer and running faster . if your computer seem 's sluggish , reformat immediatly . once it starts to slow it 's like holding a damn together with your hands , it will just keep getting slower . you 'll be amazed when you reformat you 'll think you bought a new computer.give battlefield a chance , there is a reason why it is one of the most popular games of all time on any platform.good luck,TEKONE*SF*palmach@inbox.ru
 First I 'd like to start off saying that i have experienced * NO * bugs in the game . The game is not laggy , the part that lags the most for me is the first time you choose your spawn point . The graphics are pretty good , nothing compared to say , Farcry or the soon to come out Half Life 2 , but they are desent . The graphics are better than BF :1942 , since the minimum requirements are stricter in this one . One awesome feature is whenever you 're in a vehicle , be it car , tank , plane , helicopter , boat , there is a radio for you to rock on while you kill , the mini manual tells you how to add your own music to the game.Now the only bad thing about this game is the fact that the grass does not hide you one little bit from your enemies , It totally looks as if it would but it does n'tMy specs : Pentium 4 @ 1.8 GHzATI radeon 9100 -LRB- AGP 4x , 128 mb -RRB- 256 mb ramas you can see i have a medium-low rig , but I play at a low 800x600 , but with settings mostly up up up . I definately recomment this game . Oh yeah .
 I 've read many reviews on this site about lag and computer problems etc. . . Bottom line the game is pretty good ... I have a $ 500 dell computer intel pentium III 1.8 ghz with 256 ram ... game runs fine in the 800x600 mode ... not the best graphics in this mode but the game is pretty fun nonetheless ... its very difficult to fly the planes and helicopters ... Im still trying to figure it out ... the sound of the m60 is not really accurate ... hollow sound rather than the baritone feel of a real `` sixty '' ... the m16 with underneath grenade launcher is a lot of fun ... but really though the game runs fine on a lower end computer like mine at the 800x600 lower res level ... and the game still looks pretty good graphically and sounds good ... no real lag or anything ... I like the game and the music is cool ... the opening music with lyndon johnson voiceover and then the propaganda nva woman is catchy ... overall , do n't believe the hype about bad bugs and stuff ... the game will work and is pretty fun ... even on a $ 500 computer !
 Aside from having to restart the game occasionaly , no serious bugs to speak of.The game is fairly realistic . More like what being on the battlefiled would be like than most games I 'd say . The AI can be personally set from lobatamized to 360 degree sniper . Tons of playable vehicles . Great for LAN parties . Really great . My favorite feature is being able to interact with so many things . See a car ... hop in . See a helicopter , hop in , drive , ride along.Lots of fun , lots of ways to kill or be killed . Decient replay value . If you want an intricate story , this game is n't for you . If you want a unreal tournament style game , this game MIGHT be for you . I prefer the team CO-OP against an oversized Viet Cong force.Decient recuirements . Say , top of the line 16 months ago , or modest ` B ' computer for now , Summer ' 04 . In summary , if you want to relive a Vietnam War battle as a grunt or ` Charlie ' , try it . If you want to be the main character that saves the day , go get Max Paine .
 One thing I ca n't understant is why people are giving this game such bad reviews ! Plain and simple , this is the best military simulation I have ever played . It combines realistic and historically acurate weapons , vehicles , and locations with beautiful graphics and awesome multiplayer . Sure , the game 's specifications are a little high , but what do you expect for a game thats multiplayer maps cover like five square miles ! My computer is a 2.4 GHz pentium 4 with a Radeon 9800 Pro video card and 512 megs of RAM . The game runs like a charm on 1024 by 800 resolution and high graphics detail . But graphics are the least important part of the game . The excitement you feel when your running through an extremely dense jungle and enemy choppers are hunting you is unparalelled in any other game . I dont know about everyone else , but I am tired of all these world war 2 games-they are all the same!I have one more thing to say
 Just like some of the reviews below when I first installed it I had some major performance problems , and I have a somewhat powerful PC -LRB- P4 2.2 G , 512RAM , and an Nvidia Geforce4 chipset -RRB- . However when I set the graphic details to low it work great and I never had a problem with it again . If everyone that gave this game less than 5 stars had a broadband internet connection and drop the video details down to low like I did they too would of given this game 5 stars . It has the same engine as Battlefield 1942 with very similar gameplay , but the graphics are much better even in low detail . There is some new features such as you can shoot from moving vehicles , mobile spawn points , booby traps , and you can choose your character skins . The music from the vehicles is a nice touch ; it makes you feel like you are in a Vietnam movie . I really enjoy this game and I believe it 's worth my hard earned $ 40 . Be advised this game is only worth it if you play online and you need a broadband connection plus a powerful PC with one today 's top video card .
 I got this game recently and was amazed at another great step that EA has taken . The games can get a little laggy at times , but not as bad as battlefield 1942 . Awesome intro to the game ... Nice customisable in-game music . I got mine at Circuit city for 29.99 ... it said 39.99 so i was surprised . Umm ... what else what else ... o yea . Get a joystick for the helicopters . You are very skilled if you can master it without a joystick . The overall gameplay is kind of repetative . But it has a pretty good fun factor . The map is more user friendly . . more interaction . Hope This was helpful .
 It amazes me that some of these people are actually buying these new high end games to play on their ` old ' systems ... P 1.8 ; 512 RAm and GE Force 3 64 , and then blame the game saying it does not work . The technology is vastly improving that you need to keep up on the latest upgrades and updates if you want to keep up with the new games . I have a P4 3.0 ... 512 ... GeForce5200 ... BFV runs fine on it ... with the exception of a few highly congested battle scenes . My system is only 6 months old , and I am already planning on upgrading . if you want better games , you will have to pay to keep up with them .
 A blast of a game to play multiplayer . Got this game on March 16th and all I can say is wow . Huge improvement graphically over BF1942 in my opinion and the online play is just as fun . The soundtrack to the game is awesome and sounds great when your in a tank driving thru burned out buildings killing Vietcong . The jets and choppers give the game the Desert Combat feel with the Vietnam era . The game has a few issues out of the box but no show stoppers and I 'm sure all will be settled with a patch or two . Worth every penny if you enjoy these types of games !
 Love this game , it 's a good addition to the Battlefield series.If I was you I would not get the redux edition , because it really does ` nt add much to the game if anything at all .
 So , a few things ... First off , this is a fantastic production and a follow-on that the folks at Digital Illusions can be real proud of . They had some very high expectations after their previous groundbreaking release `` Battlefield 1942 '' . Battlefield Vietnam is an extremely fun game to play from the first minute -LRB- in fact , before you even start you 'll be moved by the level of detail and attention that went into the pre-game screens ; the UI is insanely intuitive , the music is some kind of 70 's funk-electro mix with dubs of Lyndon Johnson in it ... RAD -RRB- . Getting in a game is a snap , their are tons of servers , and plenty of room in multiplayer mode.In game , you 'll be very impressed with the graphics . Next to Far Cry -LRB- which has undoubtedly the best graphics by far in any game today -RRB- the graphics are breathtaking . Lush jungle , totally reanimated water -LRB- from BF1942 -RRB- , cool particle effects , refraction ... you name it , this is n't a mod , they substantially improved the engine.The play speed is slightly faster paced than 1942 , but not noticably . Those who liked the physics of 1942 , the vehicle speed , combat speed , damage-take speed ... well , you 'll be right at home.As for specs , if you can run 1942 , you should have no trouble . In fact , a friend of mine -LRB- who has a somewhat dated system -RRB- contends that Vietnam runs better on his machine -LRB- I have n't independently verified -RRB- . But lets talk about the coolest thing in the game : Music!Not just music , but mega $ super hits from the 70 's . EA spent the big bucks and enabled the game with a bunch of really cool tracks . Now I understand that many games have music , but what 's so special about this game is that OTHERS HEAR the music you 're playing ! Get in a vehicle , choose a song from the playlist and it blasts from your vehicle -LRB- louder the closer in proximity you are to others -RRB- . Add helicopters , you get a monster load of gaming goodness ! I was in an Apache last weekend chasing a convoy -LRB- including two of my buddies -RRB- through the jungle bumping `` Nowhere to run to baby , nowhere to hide ... '' from my Heli . I could practically hear them screaming `` oh S@#$&quot; from their PC 's . RAD!A few very minor grievances
 Many of the reviews that you will see here are biased due to the fact that their hardware does n't perform the way they want it to . Furthermore , they will proceed to review a game based on such merits vs the games actual advantages and disadvantages.I do n't like to compare this game to BF1942 because I think there are enough differences to seperate the 2 . Naturally people do n't want to pay for something if they do n't have to ... . thus justifying statements like `` should have been a $ 20 mod . '' I paid $ 40 and its worth every cent . -LRB- and now you can get it from amazon for under $ 30 ! -RRB- Anyway , I have no alligence to EA but I honestly feel they did a good thing with this one . Heres some pros : The vehicles are balanced - air / land supremecy is not a factor here with intermediate or better players . I felt as if the land vehicles dominated in 1942 , and the air vehicles dominated in Desert Combat . Why that may have been the intent it leaves for very unbalanced battles and personally I enjoy a close fight.new innovative features - I LOVE the fact that they integrated an old school sound track ! I actually had a blast when 2 of my buddies jumped in the huey with me and I turned on the radio to `` fortunate son '' -LRB- everyone can hear it playing -RRB- and we ride into battle guns blazing ! All vehicles have this ability . You can also use a `` tunneling '' feature as the VC - and set traps on vehicles . Theres nothing like trapping a tank and watching a bunch of crazies pile in ... . believe me they will have a blast ! ;-RRB- You can a pick vehicles up with helicopters and move them into battle , and in my opinion the air vehicles are easier to manuever than in 1942 . . but not TOO easy such as DC.Perfoms well -LRB- keep in mind this is subjective -RRB- - Been on many servers with no major lag problems that I can actually blame on the game / server itself . Game looks good on my TI4600 even at lower performance . I have seen it played on multiple systems of varying hardware with no problems . I have seen forum after forum of people complaining about bugs . The typical cause ? The infamous `` no-cd '' patches . Just buy the damn game ... its worth it.Disadvantages
 Cons : - Single player is basic . No ` campaigns ' or anything . You just pick a map and play . You 'll want to stick with internet multiplayer . If you want good single player , try Call of Duty , or Medal of Honor . - Most games have pros/cons to each weapon you choose . I 've found this game heavily leans towards the big guns . If you like hiding with a sniper rifle , try a different game - Because the guy with the M60 or RPG will be getting you before you get them . - People who are very skilled at helicopter flying will rule the game . This can be very annoying , to the point of basically ruining a game . For example , you spawn , and 1 second later you get hit -LRB- again -RRB- by a `` Huey Gunship '' . - You need some PC horsepower for this game . Do n't get this game if your computer is n't fairly up-to-date . Pros : - Fun multiplayer . - Lots of vehicles to pilot . - Helicopters are challenging , but fun . - Cool music . You can even play the songs -LRB- and your own MP3 files -RRB- in the vehicles when you 're driving . - Little information snippets about Vietnam that show while the map loads are semi-interesting . At least the first time you read them . One is poorly written , but is funny to read . Something along the lines of
 Hello , I got this game for my birthday several months ago . Ever since , I have been having a great time . It is an AMAZING environment to play in . Imagine , walking around with an AKMS on the Ho-Chi-Minh Trail , with dozens of US Special Forces troops walking through the lush jungle -LRB- and when I say lush , I mean LUSH ... you can barely see ten feet through the trees -RRB- , trying to secure control points and keep them from taking your bases.I think it is the most fun game I have ever played -LRB- up there with Battlefield 1942
 I recently purchased BFV because I was looking for a new online shooter to play . I 've about worn out my Medal of Honor CD 's and decided it was time to play a new title . Overall , I think BFV makes a great online title.I had a few video related problems when I first installed . Rolling back to older videocard drivers fixed the problem . I was up and running in about 10 minutes . One thing that I did find annoying is the high loading times for the levels . I have a 10K Ultra 320 SCSI setup , and the load time still takes forever . I ca n't imagine what it 's like for IDE users.The other thing I noticed is that the graphics engine on this game brought my videocard to its knees . I 'm running a Geforce 4 Ti4600 and I have to run my display settings on low @ 1024x768 to get the framerates I 'm used to.Now , about the online play . It rocks ! I still have n't figured everything out yet , but the sheer flexibility of online play is amazing . You and your boys pile into a huey . The pilot hits the radio and turns on your favorite tunes . You go screaming over the enemy base , you and your boys light up your M-16 's . The Huey takes a hit , you hear the rotors scream and notice the dark smoke trailing from the back of the chopper . You jump out , pull your chute and land in a stream . You start swimming forward only to get shot in the head by the enemy 's assult rifle . Awesome gameplay!Another interesting aspect about online play that I 've personally never seen before is the ability to compromise the opponents spawn points . So if you and your boys roll up into the enemy 's quarters and lay seige , you can take over . Once you hang out long enough , you take control of that point , and the enemy can no longer spawn there.Even with the installation issues I had , I feel the game was worth the 40 bucks they are charging for it . It takes time to get the bugs out of a game , and a lot of people do n't have much patience it seems like . Once you spend a year of your life writing a few hundred thousand lines of code , you would n't want to be writing a patch just yet either . Nobody does it perfect on the first try.If nothing else , wait a few months for the price to drop , and for the bugs to be fixed , and you 'll have yourself a great online title for your gaming collection .
 Before I started Playing this game , I read some of the reviews in here , and I was a little skeptical to buy the game . But when I did , I was plesantly surprised . I do n't think the gameplay is all THAT bad . Heck , I have a 2.0 P4 , with 256 MB RAM , NVIDIA GeForce4 MX 440 128MB , and Cable Modem . Overall , my gameplay is n't much different than with BF1942 or Forgotten Hope .61 . In fact , I think that the new maps , weapons and forces are kind of refreshing . If you are thinking about downloading Desert Combat Mod for BF 1942 , I suggest you try the Forgotten Hope Mod instead , there is just something very large that is missing off of DC . FH is much more realistic.But I do n't think that BFV blows the original out of the water , but I think it has it 's plus 's . The new 3D map is nice additionally , and the soundtrack is cool . You can even add your own MP3 's for customized tunes.If you are new to the Battlefield , This game is cool . If you are a BF1942 die hard , I can see how you could be dissappointed . Frag on !!!
 I know that everyone is probally a little hesitant about buying this game do to all the negative reviews . Not true . I ca n't tell you how much fun this game is . I absolutely love it . People who do n't like it probally have inferior computers , no offense . But their right . You need a half decent or atleast average computer for todays standards . But to be honest , I think it works better than the original great Battlefield 1942 . On battlefield 1942 , I could play on half of the levels , even on the expansion packs . Sucks huh . But with battlefield vietnam , I play every level and each level is a marvel.Some complain that `` its to big '' , but you would regret it being smaller . While flying a huey , or strafing with a F-4 Phantom you dont want to worry about going out of bounds . Thats another thing I love about this game . The HUEYS !!!!!! I love flying those helicopters . But , they r a -LRB- pardon my french -RRB- a B **** to learn how to fly.But after u learn , its awesome . I also love playing music while in a vehicle . You get a list of great vietnam-era songlist . You can listen to Somebody to love while driving a jeep or play Ride of the Valkyries -LRB- the song they played in apacolypse now while strafing the base -RRB- . Here 's the pros and cons-1st the prosPlaying music , chat , helicopters , huge weapon list , huge vehicle list , levels , and the little factoids while loading levels-the consThe annoying guy who is on the radio of every american base , crappy single player , hard to lift things with the helicoptersThanks for reading
 This is probably my fsvorite online multiplayer game so far . There are lot 's of levels which are huge . You can have up to 64 people on a server.There are lot 's of weapons including bazookas , machine guns , pistols , mortars , rifles , knifes , bombs etc. . There are also traps you can set on the ground like spikes and others.There are also a lot of vehicles . Tanks , scooters , jeeps , planes , helicopters . You can get up to like 5 people on one vehicle.There is only a two minor problems . It gets laggy sometimes and it takes a while to get onto a server . Almost four minutes.You get to listen to music while your drivin vehicles and that 's cool . Songs I always play are songs are `` Wild Thing '' and `` Surfin Bird '' . There are like 20 songs all together.Still this is a great game for anyone thats a fan of war games and just good non-stop multiplayer action .
 I was playing BFBC2 for a while . Now waiting on BF3 to come out . In the meantime I 'm playing battlefield vietnam . My all time favorite battlefield game ! For some reason EA has not been able to bring back the elements of this game that make it so great in subsequent games . From the vietnam era music and intros - to the battlefields . It literally feels like you are fighting back in history - although you get to respawn :-RRB- . Sounds are great . I just can not believe how well this game holds up after 7 years . Truly , a classic . I was a huge fan of SEALTEAM for the old Apple II and battlefield vietnam is so much fun - because you can play quake style and try going toe to toe . Or you can crawl around trying to steal flags - or snipe enemies when they are just traveling across the big maps . I 'm really grateful that people still play this game and there are a few great game servers to play on with lots of people . HELLO and SEXY . Thank you guys ! Super awesome game - if you are a hardcore battlefield fan - you should take a break and play bfv from time to time - it 's a blast .
 The game is pretty good ! The graphics are good ! They reload realistically and each soldier shows their name . It also shows a list of all the voice commands you can use . If you 're looking for a good/fun war game , I would highly recommend this !
 this game blew me away at how much fun it is . I 've played alot of the cpu games out there and this is by far the best one . You can set booby traps drop napalm and other bombs from f-4s . Theres plenty of vehicles and aircraft to satisfy even the pickiest gamer . Thank you , EAgames .
 First off I want to say that I 've never played BF 1942 and this is my first PC shooter . But I 'm no noob to the genre and I know a good game when I see one . This game is one of the most fun games I 've ever played . Overall good maps , solid game play , and pretty good graphics make this game great.Pros : ~ Tons of vehicals -LRB- Helis , planes , tanks , jeeps , a moped , etc. . . -RRB- ~ weapons are fairly balanced . I 've heard some people complainign about most people just sit back with a heavy machine gun and no one uses assult class . They r so wrong , the most used class is the assault class . ~ interesting and varied maps ~ good graphics ~ HUGE amount of replayability . Just a matter of a couple of clicks and your on the battlefield ~ overall very fun and entertaining ~ basically no hacking ~ some of the best music in any game . A whole buch of 60 's era musicCons : ~ needs a P4 2.4 GHZ processor , 1 GB RAM , and 128 MB video card to run smoothly ~ some maps heavily favor one team . Although it really is only one or 2 ~ a good heli pilot can dominate a game ~ u die by falling off a one story fall !?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! ~ some people are really anoying ~ the worst AI I 've ever seen . You do n't play this game for the single play , only the multiplayThere 's no story but that is n't really a con.The latest patch must have fixed many of the problems becuase this game is one of the best multiplayer shooters or Vietnam PC games out there . -LRB- Proof you say ??? PC Gamer gave it a 90 % -RRB- . If u have a good team together it is an awsome experience -LRB- Listen up noobs , do n't fly planes and helis at key moments becuase you ruin the game play for everyone else -RRB- This game is a must buy for anyone who enjoys first person shooters . With plenty of vehicals , tight music , great maps and tons of different roles to play it is one of the best gameing experiences out there.Peace Out !!! See you in Nam
 Many of my friends have asked me , `` I have BF :1942 , should I even bother getting Battlefield
 I was a lucky one somehow . I see complaints about how it should be a 20-30 $ expansion instead of a 40-50 $ game . well , i saw it for 40 $ , then two days later , it was 20 $ , so i picked it up as a birthday present for myself . After checking to see the shipping tracking thing , i saw the game had mysteriously gone back up to 40 $ , which exited me . i got the game for cheap cuse someone at amazon must have done something wrong.I started out playing the single player and was dissapointed . the AI was either too hard , or too easy on diffrent levels . So i checked out multiplayer . I was amazed . Sure , the loading times arent great , but it has good music and a little factoid thing to read for every mission . The load times are fine with me . then people complain about bad graphics , or needing high end rigs . Im playing on a 2.90 ghz , 256 Ram , 80 gigs of HD , windows xp , with the crappiest video card on this side of the atlantic -LRB- Intel Integrated graphics 2 -RRB- . And it plays fine . the first minute or so of gameplay is a bit laggy , but then nce i jump in the action , its fine . People complain about the use of helicopters and airplanes make it unfair , well idiots , dont stand in the open field , actually HIDE and use the forests to your advantage.I never owned BF 1942 so i ca n't say this game is better or worse , but I can say , this is one fine game .
 If you were going to buy a game , you should buy this game . This game has some of the best graphics in the world -LRB- I know , not as good as UT2004 , but good -RRB- , and it has a very good MP engine whitch you never find these days ... In other words , if you let a vietnam war vetran to play this game , he would think he was in the war agian .
 Battlefield 1942 -LRB- + expansions -RRB- were the most amazing games i have ever seen !!!! Now this is out and it is even better !!!! I have decent stats -LRB- athlon XP 3000 + , 512 ram , radeon 9600xt -RRB- and i can run this game on full graphics with awesome speed -LRB- no lag -RRB- and everything is crystal clear ... the only reason some people had trouble with playing this game on good graphics is because it requires a good computer and an good , 128 MB video card . That is just what this game was made for . So if you ask me , this game is amazing and probably the best 1st person long-distance war game out there now .
 I have reviwed many products and EA games never ceases to amaze me . This game is amazing , you get really cool guns and get to ride in cool vehicles . The graphics are tremendously better , I would reccomend an avid war gamer to BUY THIS NOW ! A couple months ago i was playin Bf1942 and I was thinking man , they need a veitnam game like this ! I mean the have veitnam games like `` Veitcong '' thats ok if you want to move through a green tunnel ! it offers no freedom you jut walk on the guided path with green walls on the side of you ... quiet pointless , but then BFV was announced and i was so exited and i bought it and it was like i expected GREAT ! Buy this now or you crazy
 Lets get this straight . There is a difference between a game having bugs , and your computer not being able to handle it . If you do n't have at least a Gig of ram , a GeForce 4 , and 2.0 + processor , your going to experience performance issues in larger online games.Fortunately if you do have the requirements , this game kicks total a ** . It blows BF1942 away , I played that and Desert Combat since the days they came out , and this is a far superior product . IT RULES !!!!
 Buy it and play multiplayer . Online multiplayer play is free if you have an internet connection . I 've been playing for 9 months and it is hard to get bored of online play with this game .
 The printed instructions tell not much about how to play and I guess you have to know how before you buy the game . I was in Vietnam for three tours -LRB- the first with the First Infantry Division -RRB- and know about Vietnam . But all I can do in the game is wander around until I get killed . I did duke it out with a tank and I had only an M79 for a few seconds . I bought the game for some time with a quad 50 , but can not find any . The only weapons I can get to are small arms and light machine guns . I can not get into any of the vehicles . I look over the web for instructions and perhaps will find a book on how to play . Until then , I am probably back to my Myst series.I suspect that we have evolved into a community of gamers who know how to play and let us pay for the updates . The rest of us buy and move on without ever learning much.Sigh . The scenry is fun .
 THIS GAME IS SOOOOOOOOO GOOD . I PLAY IT FOR HOURS ON END . IT IS JUST SO FUN TO HAV HIDDEN BOBBY TRAPS AND THEN HAVING PEOPLE GO STRAIGHT TO THEIR DOOM .
 I do n't understand the bad reviewers . Apparently they are just `` PC Gamer Snobs '' . Anyway , I bought this game and the online play is amazing . I really ca n't imagine a better game to play online with others . The graphics and functionality are great . The only drawbacks I have are
 i loved this game . it has absolutely everything . choppers , jets tanks , boats , everything . but , u need to have a good computer to play this game w/out a hitch . Also , u need to practice on singleplayer before u get on , or you 'll get creamed , or do what i did and learn what to do after being creamed . Also , the helicopter is real hard to fly at first , then after u practice you 'll be thankful u learned . people who think the maps r to big , there wrong . if your flying a huey , or strafing w / an f4 , then u dont want to deal w / goin out of bounds . its a great game . I hope you 'll buy this and see what im talkin about . By the way , my favorite features r the hueys and there lifting mechanism , and that u can play songs while in a vehicle .
 I odered this game from Aazon.com a few weeks ago and it rocks.if you do n't have a nice system to run it on , then you will be complaining a lot ! If you 're looking for a single player game ; BFV is not for you . Multiplayer is where all the action is at . go and buy this game if you love the battle field series .
 If you liked Battlefield 1942 , you 'll like this too . New maps , guns , etc. . Still not the best network perf . Americas Army has better physics , but this one has vehicles . : -RRB-
 This is the greatest Vietnam War game i have ever played ! It is n't an objective based game , it 's more of all out war . It is pretty expensive but i think it was worth buying . You can use most anything in this game , from helicopters to jets , from tanks to patrol boats . Drop into a hot LZ blasting the NVA or ambush U.S. patrol boats as the VC . Being able to change the enemy AI can make the levels a walk through the park or a challenge against experienced enemies . Losing all your spawn points and have to wait till one is taken back may happen once in a while but that makes the game more challenging.If you 've played Battlefield 1942 and you liked it I 'm pretty sure you 'll like this game .
 Im running this on my LAN computer at AMD 64 3200 + , gforce 3 ti200 128mb , dual 512 corsair pc3200 RAM . Ive run this game at max settings and found nothing wrong with it . If you have a lower end system you may experience some long load times and some in-game slowing . this game tops all other BF 1942 games . If you loved BF 1942 . Go Out and Buy This Now !
 I have been playing this game for a week now , and I truly love it ! It 's hard to put it into words , but this game has real `` playability '' or compulsive gameplay in the multi-player , Internet mode . You can use all kinds of bombs and weapons , drive vehicles , and even fly helicopters . They rock ! I am a big war buff , and I find myself playing scenes from my favorite films like `` Full Metal Jacket '' for real with this game . The action can be fast and very intense , whether you work with a squad of other players or go lone wolf like `` Rambo '' . Rambo II is another favorite film , and I found myself stalking through the jungle , using my M60 squad machine gun and LAW 's rockets to take out troops and tanks ! It has a great immersive experience , with good sound effects and even real rock music from the era . The graphics are good and the level of detail in the sound effects are truly awesome -- you feel like you 're in the jungle -- at least I did!The one thing to remember is that this game requires a fast machine with a new , DirectX 9 video card and lots of memory . I use a Pentium 4 , 2-Gigahertz with 512 Meg of memory and a nice new Radeon 9600 XT card with 128 Meg of video . I play with my cable modem , and get smooth sound and gameplay at 1024 X 768 and all details set to HIGH . Really . If you have a new machine and like FPS games , you need to try this one ! It grows on you.P.S . - I had Battlefield 1942 for a year , and it was buggy the first revision or two -- very slow and choppy sound for example . This first release of Battlefield Vietnam has played just fine for me -- no lockups or real sound problems . Like I say , this game will get to you , try the demo if you want before you buy ! I will be playing this every day until Half-Life 2 comes out ! Happy gaming !
 I was under the impression that this game was buggy , but after some effort I discovered that it was InnoculateIT that was causing the lag and crash problem . Tech support was no help , claiming that my system was inadequate . As it turns out , my system was fine . The game now runs , even though I am not using the graphics cards they demand.For those of you experiencing lag problems , please check to see what sort of anti-virus software you are running . InnoculateIT has a patch that , while not intended to fix this problem , will help the game run . My problem stemmed from a process that suddenly started running after install , eating up CPU resources . CA has the patch . For those of you not running this anti-virus , you 're on your own . Sorry .
 Get on your feet soldier ! It 's 1968 and what are you doing ? You still playing hide and go seek in the sour kraut fields ? This is n't 1942 boy ! It 's the 60 's and there 's a new war to be waged ! The battlefield is now staged in the dense jungles , destroyed cities , and the twisting rivers of Vietnam . 14 brand new maps send you straight into the deltas , hills , fields , and streets of the Indochina Vietnam Conflict . You 'll be fighting the North Vietnam Army in a tense struggle to take back the fallen city of Hue . Hang onto your lunch as you swiftly glide down the Mekong Delta on a PT Boat in Operation Game Warden . And do n't forget to look out for the Vietcong 's booby traps as you run through the jungles during a secret invasion of Cambodia . Yes soldier , I believe you just might make it out here in Vietnam . But there 's lots more than just your common infantry to watch out for ! Enemy helicopters patrol the skies while F4 Phantoms litter the ground with napalm , clearing the way for troops . Do n't forget about those Vespa Scooters my friend , Charlie just might slip on by without you knowing ! So soldier , I think your ready to take on Nam . Fight for the North , South , or even the good old US , your bound to have a great time in the jungle . Just keep an eye out for the M60 machine guns , they 'll send you home in a box if you do n't watch it !
 this game is going to be better than all previous BF1942 games and mods . I recently got the eve of destruction bf1942 mod which is a vietnam mod and it is VERY good so i cant even think how good this game will be .
 This battlefield has very high quality of graphics so buy it if u like battlefield.1-Pros : a-good music b-blood c-best multiplayer c-new vehicles & new weapons d-very sharp graphics than any battlefields e-good single player f-new weapons effects.2-Cons : a-it needs high system b-3 .5 stars to single player mode.I am a battlefield fan & I like this battlefield Vietnam .
 this is a battlefield 2 -LRB- vietnam -RRB- it used new graphic.now compare between bf1942 & bfv : bf1942 want 32 min or 64 max video card & for best results use intel pentium 4 3.06 - 3.4 with HT Technology & 1 - 2 gb of rambfv want 64 min or 128-256 max video cardfor best results use pentium 4 1.7 & 512 - 1000 mb of ram.there is a difference -LRB- right ?! -RRB- good step from ea
 There 's a patch you can download to play as John Kerry . Yeah , but all you do is stand in a boat for 4 months getting hit by debris and at the end of the game you get a lot of medals for nothing . The add on kit in the next year will be called `` Battlefield VVAW
 few days ago but so far so good
 ilike this game because it have best single player & multiplayer game
 This game is n't and expansion just to clear that up . Its a stand-alone game . I 'm looking forward to see how well this compares to the Eve Of Destruction mod which is tough competition . From the screenshots its looks awesome
 If this game is half as good as the first game , It 'll be a serious contender for game of the year -LRB- Maybe if Halo 2 is STILL delayed -RRB- With new abilities for character classes , new vehicles , way better graphics , and many completly new things -LRB- In the helocopters , it plays old , but still good rock music from that time period -RRB- It will blow you away . It 'll be one of those games you play untill 3:00 in the morning , and you 'll just be getting started . With online , It 'll be so sweet , I 'll be in bed until March 15 , or whenever it 's supposed to ship .
 The people that have problems with there copy not working is only because they are willing to spend a little money on a state of the art game , are the people that just want something for free . If you buy the finest graphical game that is made at this moment , you must be willing to keep your computer at the same level There are cheap places with a white and blue sign that sell games for $ 9.99 everyday to serve your needs just fine , but if you want to hang with the big boys . Then be willing to keep up with a computer that is not purchased for $ 499.99 . Study and find a computer that is capable of being UPGRADABLE , The most important thing to look for is can you upgrade the Memory , AGP slot for upgrading Video Car , and capable of upgrading the CPU -LRB- Processor -RRB- . Then you will not have a problem PLAYING THE REAL GAMES of Technology .
 heres a better with getting the driver out just push 1 alot and he should get out and u will not get TK scores
 i love it sweet weapons and guns booby traps and so much morecool weapons and tanks aircraft and more its going to be so sweet !!!
 For those of you whining about the bugginess of the game , there is now a patch that solves most of the issues with the game , including slow-downs . If you played Battlefield 1942 and loved it , you 'll love this game too just for the fact that the choppers are much more controllable . If you 've never played BF1942 , this is still a great game to play but I do agree that it is much more of a super-mod than a completely new game . The graphics are extremely CPU intensive too . Nevertheless , I have a lot of fun playing it .
 First , let me get this straight , I 'm not giving this five stars because it 's gold , but because it 's a Nintendo 64 . I would give the black one five stars also , the colour does n't make a difference . It does n't play better games or anything . Or in other words
 This bundle was originall ONLY offered in japan -LRB- at toys r us of course -RRB- but now even as gamecube and gameboy advance are on the way there is still reason to buy this set.Zelda has been put out on gold colored carts and this set features the n64 zelda 's gold color . i 'm buying it for this reason and because there WO N'T be another gold zelda cart for a home system EVER EVER AGAIN . That 's why this set 's a must have set for me ! zelda forever !! -LRB- 2 controlers are a real plus systems usually only have 1 in the box leaving u to buy extra pads yourself -RRB-
 great item to have added to my growing collection of NINTENDO GOLD . i am adding to this every month and soon i will have a nice collection of everything nintendo released in gold in my world of nintendo display cabinets
 The Gold set is nothing to look at . Nintendo just makes a gold color as a way to make money . Gold is expensive and a gold color ninendo system just makes the price more expensive . Buy the regular black nintendo 64 console and save the hassle of the gold coming off while playing . If sweat does get on it the gold starts to come off which makes your controller look bad .
 Children will enjoy this attractive game console.They will plead for their guardians or parents to buy it for them.This wonderful 3-D game console is extreme with the N64 Controller Memory Card Pak , N64 Rumble P , and Expansion Pak .
 This version is much better then the origional one ! Some of the attacks changed and they look better ! Moonlight is one of the best looking attacks in the game . Pokemon Stadium is a great game for pokemon lovers , or even if you dont know what pokemon is ! Its easy to understand and play . Tons of new mini games , and now they even have Pokemon trivia . You can play games for coins , that you can use in your pokemon for game boys ! -LRB- At the casin . -RRB- I would reccomend this game to everyone !
 I was the East vs. West pokemon champion march 5 2000 in wood bridge New Jersey . I 'm a pokemon pro and i feel that this game if good for all ages . It has a rough pokemon satdium and it also has the long awaited stadium gs which allows you to compete with the brand new pokemon.All in all u can battle with 249 pokemon -LRB- even though there are 251 so most likely they are hidden characters -RRB- If you own pokemon stadium there is no need to by a transfer pack but if you do n't i suggest bying one because it is the only way u can use the pokemon you train your self . Good Luck to all new and old trainers alike .
 Even though I am supposed to be too old for pokemon , I still like them . Me and my brother have Pokemon Stadium and it was ok at first but then it got boring . So after saving our allowance our parents took us to the toy store to buy Pokemon Stadium 2 . They went out of stock the day before ! A week later my family came back and bought it , it was the best game ! I especially like the breeding center where you can find out what to breed . If you do n't have this game yet but you like pokemon , GET IT !!!
 There are four cups in the Stadium Poke Cup
 The graffics on this game are great ! In this game you can battle against the computer or 3 more friends . There are also cups . There is a little cup , poke cup , prime cup , and challenge cup . -LRB- In challenge cup you get ramdom pokemon , in the little cup the pokemon are cute and at the level 5 , in the poke cup pokemon are at the level 50-55 , and the prime cup your pokemon are at the level 1-100 . -RRB- There is 250 pokemon in this game . I really like the ramdom battle . Here 's what happens in a battle . You choose 6 pokemon or the computer chooses for you . Then the pokemon you chose and the pokemon the computer chose will apear on the screen . Last you choose the 3 pokemon that would be best against the computer . I also like the mini games . The mini games are fun games that anyone can play . Like running a race , cutting a log at the white line or keeping the pokemon out of your goal . My mom and dad think this game is fun . My dad , who just learned how to battle , thinks battles and the mini games are fun . My mom thinks battle is to hard . -LRB- I think it takes some getting used to . -RRB- My mom just likes the mini games . This is a game everyone in your family can do .
 For veterans of Blue and Red , this is a great test of skills , but younger players may get frustrated with the difficulty level for the later cups . The mini-games are fun , but more than 12 would be nice .
 I think this is a great game . I used to like pokemon , but i still think this is a great game .
 This is a good game , but there are many things that are different that I do not like . Like the Pokemon are all smaller than P1 , and I do n't think the graphics are as good . But this is a better training game than P1 . I like the quizzes , tests and library . This is a really good game if you also have Gold and/or Silver Gameboy too.I also have Pokemon Puzzle League which is a very good game . Overall , P2 is my least favorite of the 3 . But my 9 year old son loves it more . Go figure .
 Kids , parents . This game is so AWSOME !! The graphics are cool , the pokemon are cool , the ATTACKS are cool . Its just a MAJOR improvement to the 1st one . I RECOMEND this to EVERYONE !!
 If you love the fist one , you 'll like the second . It is a whole lot better because if you do n't know what the attacks do , you just push the D-pad to the direction where the move is and it will tell you the affects , the accuarcy , and the power . It is a lot more creative than the first . The best is the music . It rocks ! The mini-games are fun , too ! I like the Chansey one because you have to catch eggs and the eggs are fast .
 I do n't really like Pokemon , I 've kind of outgrown it . However , this is an amazing game , especially for Pokemon . It is among the greatest of the last wave of N64 titles . The visuals and sound are perfect for the N64 , with all the Pokemon 's cries from the game incorporated into 64-bit sounds , amazing attack effects -LRB- especially the special-type ones -RRB- , and smooth animations . There are more minigames in this , many are in a style similar to Mario Party . Overall , if you are either really into Pokemon , losing interest , or just looking for a great late N64 game , then this is a great choice .
 This game is GREAT ! If your a pokemon fan ... this is the PERFECT game for you ! I also have a question ... . do you get all pokemon as rental -LRB- excluding Ho-Oh and Lugia -RRB- ? Thank-You !
 We lost our Nintendo 64 and games in Hurricane Katrina . We recently were given an old machine as a gift and Amazon was the only place I could find this game ! It is just as much fun as we remember ! The game was in terrific condition and arrived right on time ! We could not be happier !
 My family loves Pokemon and I love the way all the pokemon make the kids excercise their memorys ! We do n't have a game cube and so we are so excited when we can get games here for our Ninetendo 64 ! Thanks !
 This game is very fun you can chuse 250 and the bettle sound orpicture is all very cool also you can ply some little game is cute and fun . If you have friends or cousens come to you house this game will be the best chose .
 THis is a very good pokemon game in N64 , I can chuse 250 pokemonon the game is so much attack is very cool so I very like this game
 I got this game a while ago , yet it 's still a blast . I do n't have a transfer pack , but it 's still great . The mini games are fun , and yuo can unlock new difficulties , the Pokemon Academy is fun and extremely helpful , providing a treasure trove of helpful info for the ALL the gamboy games -LRB- excluding crystal -RRB- , such as the level/methods of evolution for pokemon , the power and accuracy of attacks and what pokemon can learn them , what pokemon can breed to produce eggs , what tms pokemon can learn , info on items , and a ton more . If you do have a transfer pack , then you can import your pokemon from all the games , redecorate your room , get mystery gift , view your pokedex in Oak 's lab , and much more . This is a game that 'll keeep you busy and entertained for quite a while . This is a game any Pokemon fan will appreciate .
 This is the best game ! I recommend it for ALL ages ! There are lots of battles to fight -LRB- even againt and/or with your friends -RRB- , but there are also fun mini games to play and enjoy !
 This game beats the first stadium game by a lot.in this great new game you can play on your t.v. , plus you can see you room in 3-D , organize your party , play tons of cool mini-games , go to earls pokemon academy , and recieve cool mystery gifts daily ! i recamend this game for any pokemon lover . just a little warning , to do a lot of stuff you need a transfer pak .
 Great game , lots of fun . There is n't really anything special from the first one , just more monsters .
 This is a great game to get if you 're in to Pokemon . However , if you see yourself not liking it in a while , buy at your own risk . It 's your money .
 This is an excellent game , it has really good graphics too.It is good even if you do n't like pokemon , because it has got loads of really fun mini games , which are good games as well as pokemon.If you dont know much about pokemon , you can learn with Earl 's Academy , the Pokedex and Oak 's Lab.This is the best game I ever bought !
 Pokemon Stadium 2 is great ! A terrific follow up to the very popular Pokemon Stadium . More challenges and more new Pokemon . More moves and definitely more hours of entertainment for you and a few friends.This is a game series that any gamer of any age could easily get into because the gameplay is very easy , but the strategy is more and that makes for a very good game . The graphics are great . Nice and textured and the animation is very good as well . The same rules apply to this one as well , and of course the cardinal Pokemon rule , train your Pokemon to be the best because the rental ones are n't so good again -LRB- just like on Pokemon Stadium -RRB- . Here 's another added bonus for everyone , you can play every Gameboy version of Pokemon -LRB- Red , Blue , Yellow , Silver and Gold -RRB- , as long as you have a tranfer pak , on this one which is pretty cool and again , it makes it easy to transfer any of your trained Pokemon to the game console and use them for tournament battle.Again , everyone can get into this game and for any parents , you do n't have to worry about any explicit violence or any of that stuff because there is none in Pokemon Stadium 2 . This is a sure fire game for any younger gamers . Enjoy this one !
 Hey you know how the Red , blue , and yellow games can not link up with Gold and silver to battle well then if you and a frind wont to battle with these diffrent games the buy this you can link up to battle with the diffent virsunes -LRB- Not the GBA ones -RRB- You can even take 3 pokemon from two diffent pokemon games to make a party . You and a frend can take on a CPU and take trunes using pokemon too so get both you GBB&W -LRB- black and wihgt -RRB- pokemon games with your GBC -LRB- color games -RRB- and battle with between them !
 I have played the First Pokemon Stadium and that was crazy but this time it is going to be whole lot more crazy with the Little Cup and Challange Cup . With 249 pokemon in this stadium be prepared for some crazy things
 i agree with the good stuff about this game in the other reviews , so i wo n't waste time there . The good stuff outways the bad stuff , but here is what i consider to be the `` bad stuff . `` this game CHEATS on an INSANE level !! it REALLY does . i 'm mainly talking about when you face off against the computer in the higher levels of the game . for instance , the computer gets critical hits left and right , and @ pivital moments in the fight . you almost never get them except when you were going to knock out the enemy anyway . when you 're affected by an adverse condition it 's effect is nearly double what it 's supposed to be , and for the computer it does n't do much . sleep ? he wakes up next turn . confused ? he 's unconfused next turn , or if longer , he almost never attacks himself . paralyzed ? the 25 % attack prevention becomes about 5 % . attract ? prevents attacks about 1 out of 10 times . also , when you use 100 % accuracy attacks , they miss about 1 out of 10 times . when computer uses 50 % accuracy moves , it hits about 85 % of the time . moves that have 1 in 10 of putting adverse condition on you ? they do it about 45 % of the time . all in all , basic strategy helps you get through first half of the game , from there on out you can ONLY win by luck . why ? because the rules of the game go out the window for the computer attacking you , and get harder for you attacking it . if you have a bad temper , it gets really frustrating , so if you 're gon na get this game , buy about 5 copies , ` cos you 're gon na SMASH @ least 3-4 of them . other than the fact that the game developers should be lynched , this game is really great !!
 My son loved the first Pokemon Stadium , and he loved this one as well . THe game is basically the same as the first but this one has the new Pokemon , which he loves as well . It is a winner for Pokemon fanatics !
 With three gamers in the household I can tell you that Pokemon Stadium 2 is a game that will stay popular long after the others are gone . The basic format of the N64 game is the same as the basic format of the card game . You collect , train , & trade Pokemon in order to have the best team & win the most battles . But the fun of the N64 game is you do n't have to keep up with the details of hit points & the complicated rules of the card game . It 's a great alternative for younger kids who want to play Pokemon but do n't have the hours to spend learning the rules & perfecting their skills . Other great features include the photo section where you can take pictures of the different Pokemon & store your favorites in an album . My guys had a blast trying to catch the Pokemon in funny poses & especially Gastly trying to pass gas . The game is a total `` blast '' itself , -LRB- pardon the pun . -RRB- Note about the cartoon violence
 This is the perfect sequel to the best selling `` Poke ` mon Stadium '' , released in 2000 . Poke ` mon Stadium featured the original 150 Poke ` mon and had fun but limited feature . This version features over 250 Poke ` mon and lots of new features ! Earl 's Pok&eacute;mon Academy and Pok&eacute;quizzes help you become ultimate master trainer and a 3D feature lets you design and view your room on Game Boy Color * ! New mini-games amuse you for hours if battling is not your thing , and the Free Battle area lets you battle up to 4 people at once ! You can even have teams -LRB- eg . 1P & 2P vs. 3P & 4P or 1P & 2P vs. COM ; so many possibilities -RRB- ! In conclusion , I say that this is a MUST HAVE for the Poke ` mon and Nintendo 64 enthusiast .
 I love Pokemon Stadium 2 . It 's a great game . My favorite feature is that you can play Pokemon Crystal in the GB tower , even though the box says it 's only compatible with Red , Blue , Yellow , Gold and Silver .
 This is such a great game.With the full line of new and old poke ` mon you can buy an old game and have new adventures.With mini games to chose from you 'll never feel bored !! You can also battle your friends and win trophies.It also includes earl 's pok ' e mon academy where you can learn to battle effectively.With a full line of cute , fun , and unusual poke ` mon this is the ultimate game for poke ` mon lovers .
 This game is just about as fun as the original Pokemon Stadium . It has the four cups
 First of all , I have always been a big pokemon fan , so anything with pokemon is fun to me . A lot of people say it 's boring and the same thing over and over but if you are a real fan of pokemon it 's always something new . My sister and I battle over and over , and what keeps us from getting bored is that we have one rule , well two , we ca n't use the same pokemon at one time , AND we ca n't use the same pokemon twice ... so each time we battle it 's new types , new attacks , etc. . I just bought a gameboy transfer thing so I can play my red version on the tv then use the pokemon on the game , I AM VERY EXCITED.Anyway yeah , if you are a REAL pokemon fan , you will love this game .
 I could battle all day and night with these pokemon ! Sadly , in order to win the cups and Gym Leader tower battles , you need to use pokemon you 've trained yourself from the Gameboy games ; I like to use the rentals , because I 'm not very into the Gaemboy games , and the rentals offer all the pokemon -LRB- but , tragically , this was made before the release of the NEW pokemon , starting with Treecko . Which is sad because one of my new favorite pokemon , Manectric , and many other very cool ones , can not be in this game . Colosseum , where are you ?! -RRB- So , battling is a ton of fun , with new types awesome new attacks . Strategizing is fun and challening . So many effects of attacks need to be calculated . -LRB- If I did n't know better , I 'd say this Pokemon game would actually strengthen kids ' minds ! ^_~ -RRB- My favorite pokemon -LRB- Ninetales , Vulpix , Jolteon , Flareon , Vaporeon , Umbreon , Mantine , Houndoom , Phanpy , Dragonair , Vileplume , Forretress , Bayleef , Sudowoodo , & a few others -RRB- , can battle in teams against any other pokemon or player in this great game!The Mini Games are SUCH an improvement over Pokemon Stadium 1 . With the definite exception of Ekans ' Ring Toss -LRB- which kicked much butt -RRB- , those games were lame . These rock . The best ones are
 THis is a very good pokemon game in N64 , I can chuse 250 pokemonon the game is so much attack is very cool so I very like this game
 Pokemon Stadium 2 is , in 1 absolutely honest word , GREAT . Absolutely great . The Academy is wonderful , letting you look at lectures and take Poke-Quizzes and test-battle against other student trainers . The battles are a bit more physical , as the Pokemon actually attack each other now . There are 3 levels in the Academy
 Pikachu is n't on the box or cartridge . Pikachu is in the game though . Pikachu is available as a rental Pokemon and many opposing Pokemon trainers also have Pikachu on their rosters but occasionally may not bring Pikachu out .
 Dear readers of this review , I have played this game and I think you should let people age 4 and up play this game . The mini games on this game are the funest things to play , the best mini game is topsy turvy.andrew t. massy
 Pokemon Stadium 2 is better then the first Pokemon Stadium . With all new Pokemon and new attacks.You can use your gold and silver Pokemon in 3d in the coolest Stadium.I think new Pokemon are beter than old Pokemon because they look cooler . So if you like Pokemon than I think you should get this game .
 Wow Pokemon Stadium 2 is awesome . Better graphics than the first one . Lots more stuff to do like Poke academy updated lab . And all new Pokemon added from Silver & Gold . This is a definite purchase for pokemaniacs and hard-core trainers . This Pokemon Stadium is rumored to be compatible with the new upcoming version of Pokemon ?? Anyway new battling effects such as the Pokemon actually hitting each other this time around . New tourney modes and a bunch of other stuff . Trust me buy it !! Oh yeah one more thing if you beat everything PS2 you will have a chance to rent and play with Celebi the next ultra rare Pokemon like Mew . Very Cool !!
 I have found Pokemon Stadium 2 a wicked game . If you are a Pokemaniac , this is the game for you . You can use all the new Pokemon characters such as Cyndaquil , Chikorita , Totodile , plus all the old school Pokemon from the first game .
 This game was a Christmas request from my son . It was received fast and was packaged nicely . My son loves this game !
 The game works fine apart is pretty good and fun ! I recommend it to all who like pokemon . : D
 I have both Pokemon stadium games and I still play them to this day ! The game play is great and has all the oldie Pokemon we all love !
 Ordered this item on a Friday and it was received the following Monday afternoon . It was a Christmas present for my son , who is a college freshman , and he loves it . He was thrilled that it game with the box and manual .
 very good game it allows you to use a transfer pack which will allow you to trade and use your pokemon on the n64 . you can battle in 3d battles with your classic and newer pokemon from GOlD , SILVER , CRYSTAL , YELLOW , RED , AND BLUE . -LRB- ca n't trade newer pokemon from gold , silver , or crystal to yellow , red , and blue but can trade the older pokemon to either -RRB- for gold , silver , and crystal to work -LRB- trading -RRB- you must have atleast 150 different pokemon in the pokedex .
 While the game has lots of options and mini-games I found that connecting my gameboy game pack was very difficult . Sometimes Pokemon Stadium 2 could find the game pack , sometimes it could n't and I 'd have to reset the N64 over and over again until it recognized the game pack . That was somewhat disappointing , however , when not using the Gameboy game pack Pokemon Stadium 2 is quite fun .
 Compared to the old N64 Pok&eacute;mon game , this one has a bunch of new enhancements , mostly , of course , the new Pok&eacute;mon being the biggest ones . There 's also a bunch of cool mini-games and a Pok&eacute;mon quiz . You can battle alone in the battle arena or gym leader castle or with friends in the event battle arena . Earl 's Pok&eacute;mon school will help you improve your battle techniques and game strategy . The library will help with the game boy games . Overall , this game is great and definitely deserves 5 stars .
 This is a great game.Much better than the first one.The minigames are fun and I love allthe cool stuff it can do to your gameboy game like mystery gift or extra game corner coins.The grafics are good and game play is as good as on the game boy.The only thing I did n't like was the annoying announcer who sometimes mispronounces the Pokemon 's names.But other than that I definitely recomend this game .
 The reason I bought a N64 was just for this . I had bought a PS2 last month but this game was better than any game I played for the PS2 . I had played the previous Pokemon Stadium but this sequel was even better it had tons of new additions to it and a whole lot of secrets to unlock . The only bad thing about this game is it does n't include the Transfer Pack . I had bought Phantasy Star Online with this game and well I was very excited to play PSO I found myself having more fun playing Pokemon Stadium 2 . Even when I got my transfer pack a few days later I still had as much fun as using the transfer pack .
 Pokemon Stadium 2 has got to be one of the greatest games I 've ever played . I have more memories as a child playing this , alone and with friends and family ! This game has more fun things to do than I ever imagined when I bought it . It has : Stadium Play - where you compete in various challenging tournaments -LRB- following the same battle style as the rest of the Pokemon series -RRB- These were much harder for me than the Gameboy battles.The Academy - where you read and fight to complete lessons concerning battles . They teach valuable strategies and rules and give great examples about it all.The Gym Leader Castle - Rather like the Stadium Play , but it features more familiar faces from the Gameboy series.Game Boy Tower - If you have the component that plugs into the N64 controller , you can actually play your Gameboy on the TV ! This came in handy when I was a little child with terrible eyes . I believe many of the games come with this item included.Mini Games - If you do n't like battling or do n't want to learn at the academy , then buy Pokemon Stadium 2 for the mini games . I 'm dead serious when I say my cousins and I played these every Christmas and Easter and Thanksgiving for years and years and years . I have more childhood memories playing these than any other game I 've ever played . It has around 15 mini games featuring all sorts of styles and Pokemon . If you plug your Gameboy game into the controller , you can actually play some of these as your own Pokemon.Well , that 's Pokemon Stadium 2 in a nutshell . It 's a great game to buy if you 're looking for something fun for your children , or if you want to play classic games in all sorts of styles just for the fun of it ! In all of this , though , the more people you play it with , the more fun you 'll have .
 I would like to start on how much fun children and adults would have fighting with pokemon with this game and winning tropheys as they go collecting more and more pokemon as they take a jorney through out the game winning badges and meeting new pokemon and I would recamned it to any one !!! brittany slauf
 Gameboy tower let 's you play Pokemon Red , Blue , Yellow , Silver , and Gold . You can choose almost every pokemon to battle with except for Lugia , Ho-oh , Mewtwo , Celebi , and Mew . You can use Mew and Celebi in Prime Cup only , after you beat round 1 stadium and Gym Leader Castle .
 I have not gotten it yet , but i will . The one thing that really bothers me is
 Pokemon Stadium isnt that much different from the first , but its pokemon and we love it . The concept of the game is the same where you choose you favourite pokemon to battle against the computer or against a friend . If you are a die-hard pokemon fan then i recommend that you buy this game to remain the ultimate pokemon champion . Pika
 but you can only transfer pokemon from pokemon gold and silver , itd be more convenient if you cud also transfer ones from red , yellow , and blue
 I found out about Pokemon characters in another Nintendo game , Super Smash Brothers . I spent many hours annoying friends with Piakchu 's battle cry and shortly after rented Pokemon Stadium . I loved the game play in it and a friend and I spent many hours in front of the tv hooting and hollering at each other in the midst of battle.The other day , Pokemon Stadium 2 hit the shelves and I debated about renting it , said what the heck and just bought it . After investing my money it , I came home , showed it to a few people in the dorm and shortly had three or four people in my room . We had back seat battlers calling out commands to the people with controllers and people wandering in to see what was going on . One of the nice things about the game is the ability for 4 controllers to be used . I was curious how they were going to do this and found out it 's in the free battle arena . Each person chooses 6 Pokemon and then right before the battle begins you choose 3 each and then switch between trainers in battle , a bit like a tag team.About half of the game is one player and the rest of it is in two - four player mode.I 'm still working my way through the gyms and , yes , they do get harder as you move along . I 've been frustrated by some of the higher trainers more than once.The `` battle now '' idea they have is very good . If you and a friend want to sit down and have a quick little go between the two of you this is a good way to go . It is right there on the main screen and you click on it and the system randomly picks 6 Pokemon for you to battle with , this can be done in one or two player mode.The little mini-games are so cute . If you pay attention to your own screen , un-like I did the first time , you should do well . If you want to make sure you win there is an easy setting , if you want a challenge set the system to hard.In event battle there are 4 cups , the Prime Cup , the Poke Cup , the Little Cup and the Challenge Cup . In the challenge cup instead of you using your Pokemon 's the computer picks them for you and you can battle on the settings for the Prime , Poke and little cups.To be honest , I have yet to get through everything . I 'm currently working on finding a Gameboy Pokemon game so that I can access everything this game has to offer , -LRB- as in Pokemon Stadium you need a transfer pack , and sadly it 's not included in the game -RRB- yet with out it I 've had many hours of battle already . Those new Pokemon are toooo cute . My faves ? Of the new guys , I 've found good battle buddies in Jumpluff , Skarmory , and Girafarig . My tried and true battle companions from Pokemon Stadium are Rapidash , Pikachu and Snorlax . Now ... who 'll help you win all those battles ?
 This is a great game . In Pok&eacute;mon Stadium 2 , there are a lot of changes and a lot of updates . In GB Tower , you can play your Red , Blue , Yellow , Gold , Silver or Crystal . There are 12 new mini games , new Gym Leaders for Gym Leader Castle , and my personal favorite feature , Mystery Gift . On the Main Menu there is a button that says ` Mystery Gift ' . What this does is lets you do Mystery Gift with a girl every day . This is good if you want to get new items to make your ' 3D Room ' look cool in White City , get new items , dolls , beds , consoles and more . My cousin and I like to make fun of the girl there . For example , I did Mystery Gift with the girl , I got PSNCUREBERRY when she got an N64 . Not fair right ? Like I mentioned before , there is a feature that let 's you see your room in 3D . Very detailed ! You can see the stiches in the Charmander doll , you can see the console with all the details , see you posters and more ! I highly recommend this game for people who like Pok&eacute;mon !
 Once I get this outrageous title , I will use the old pokemon characters -LRB- i.e. Red , Blue , or Yellow -RRB- to play through the entire game . However , do n't take this game on until you beat the original Pokemon Stadium in both Rounds 1 and 2 . You thought it was enough . Think again ! The battles are not over ! You have 2 more rounds to face in this upcoming adventure . You get to pick from 4 tournaments : Little Cup = Level 5 or lower.Nintendo Cup = Level 50-55 . Challenge Cup = Pika , Petit , Poke , and Prime Cups.Ultra Cup = Pokemon up to Level 100 . You might think this is the same as the original , but do n't worry ! You 'll get to meet new characters -LRB- i.e. Chikorita , Cyndaquil , Totodile , etc. -RRB- . See ya !
 Pokemon Stadium 2 is , in 1 absolutely honest word , GREAT . Absolutely great . The Academy is wonderful , letting you look at lectures and take Poke-Quizzes and test-battle against other student trainers . The battles are a bit more physical , as the Pokemon actually attack each other now . There are 3 levels in the Academy
 This is a very very good game . I 'd recommend it to any people who are pokemaniacs like me . Let me give you a preview.In Pokemon Stadium 2 , it is like regular battles in glorious 3-D . Everything here has a different mode and essential.White City - This where you will find the Stadium , your room , the labratory , Gym Leader 's Castle , Minigames , Poke School , GB tower and of course a free battle zone.Gallery - You can take pictures of your pokemon here . At a Pokemon Snap Station you can print out your pics.Stadium - Four tournaments to beat here . Little Cup - Level 5 or lower . Poke Cup - Level 50-55 . Prime Cup - Level 100 or lower . And the Challenge Cup for random battles.Lab - Here is a PC , Pokedex , Trade Machine Service ... . Just like the first Stadium game!Gym Castles - Battle Gym Leaders from Gold , Silver , Red , Blue , and Yellow . I have n't mentioned it yet but there 's a new game coming out.Your Room - This is like victory palace . You can see your room from Gold 'n Silver.Free Battle - Battle friends here.GB Tower-Play your pokegames here.Poke Academy - you can take tests here you can also learn about Pokemon .
 Readers , if your friends tell you that pokemon stadium 2 stinks do n't listen to them . This game is an excellent game for kids . You should buy this game . This game is about pokemon battling other trainers at classes , gyms , parks , and yes , stadiums . It also have mini-games like EAGER EEVEE and EGG EMERGENCY , And also my other favorits I wo n't tell you , you have to find out your self if you do it you will have so much fun !
 Pokemon Stadium 2 is a sequel to the first one . You can now use all of the Gold and Silver Pokemon in an even better game . There are new features to this game , such as : POKEMON ACADAMY
 The original Pokemon Stadium was the place to organize Pokemon , items , and boxes . You could pit your Pokemon from the Red , Blue , and Yellow versions against the trainers or the Game Boy gym leaders or you could rent Pokemon , play against a friend , or play the mini games . You could also play Pokemon Red/Blue/Yellow on the big screen ! Now you have a new version to look forward to
 I had been waiting the release of this game , and when I actually got it , it was not bad at all . It has all the new pokemon from gold/silver , including the rare Celebi -LRB- which is only aquired two ways . -RRB- The gym leaders are also back and it allows you -LRB- with the use of an expansion pack -RRB- , to get mystery gifts daily in your GB cartidge daily . You can upload all of the previous versions of pokemon for gameboy , as well as the new ones and the yet-to-come Pokemon Crystal . Overall it is targeted at youngsters , but thrilling enough to still please slightly older audiences as well .
 I 'm very picky about games most of the time , but considering how great the first `` Stadium '' was , I HAD to get the second ! -LRB- The third in Japan , America never received the original . That 's for the better though - in that version , not even ONE THIRD of the first set of Pokemon were avalible ! Tsk , tsk , tsk ... -RRB- The graphics are incredible , to say the least ! In Gym Leader Castle , each gym has it 's own unique beauty , ranging from a rooftop with a sandy floor to a place that resembles a freezer . The Pokemon themselves have also had a little makeover . The original 151 Pokemon we all know and love do n't look too different , but now and then you can catch a new animation for attacking that did n't exsist before . The new Pokemon on the other hand , are much more graceful and detailed than their `` ancestors . '' -LRB- Can you say `` Steelix '' or `` Espeon '' ? -RRB- Steel Pokemon actually look like they 're made out of metal ! And attacks also have a new taste ! `` Ember '' and `` Thunder '' look alot better , and new attacks look more realistic than the old ! -LRB- `` Flame Wheel '' was MADE for Arcanine , you hear me ? -RRB- The sounds and music are better , too ! I 'll spare you my long ramblings and just say this - Miltank , the cow Pokemon , actually sounds like a real MOO ! Unfortunatly , Hitmonlee still sounds like it 's burping . ^_^ Be fore I end this , I 'll warn everyone - the mini-games are TOO hard ! That does n't affect that star rating though .
 lots of people rated this game as not so good . I disagree ! the only things wrong are really the fact that there are no team songs , and not as many teams as NCAA 2003 . but you can create your own teams . graphics are realistic . and price is cheaper than EA 's . so if you want to play Southwest Kansas State Teachers of the All Desert conference vs Washington and Lee University of the all Republican conference , then go buy EA . if not , buy Gamebreaker .
 For all u football fans . You should get this one . I love it . You get all pro football players ever.I like Rams . U should buy it .
 I have owned this game for about a month and I truly love all aspects of this great college football video game . If you like football games I think you will like gamebreaker 2003Have Fun .
 I have owned Gamebreaker 2003 for about 1 month and I find it very easy to play . With the blue chip recriuting you can make a good team . I recommened it for any college football fan .
 This game is one of the best games for collage i think that there is and if you have nfl gameday 2003 i would recomend you to get this game so you could draft people from this game to the other ... but even if you dont have nfl gameday 2003 this game is still very good
 this game was so tight i could n't stop playing it with my friends we had a bast . the controls take a little time to get uses to but its worth it .
 if you want a real game with realistic features madden cant be beat no way !!!! but other than that for fun and anything goes and just like paying football in a wrestling ring this is it its awsome fun a little break from the real thing when you just want to have a little fun ...
 this nfl game awsome . you get to play nfl teams around the world . its cool how you make your team go for a superbowl . one of the easiest teams to beat in this game would be the arizona carndals . they are so easy to beat in this game . this game is worth money ! get it today !
 I ca n't believe that this Blitz 2003 is that `` TiGhT '' ... I love the Blitz 2000 , it 's GREAT w / -LRB- NO Mercy , No Rules , No REf -RRB- . . Do n't know what 's the problem with this guy `` Reviewer
 I ca n't believe that the Blitz 2003 is that `` Tight '' ... I like it ! I also like the Blitz 2000 w / No Rule , No Ref , No Mercy ... it 's all Tight games ... Well ... I wondered why there is someone saying that it 's too difficult to play on EASY Mode and he get intercepted alots when he play ... To me ... when I 'm on easy mode ... I could able to win double score or even more ... I could make them fumble and get intercepted from sometimes too ... Man ! The key is you know how to play and how to control your position ... As I first play this game ... I can rate it 5 ***** and straight up ! Plus , I havent use other options yet ... Have fun and home some real tacles that you can FEEL too ! :-RRB- -RRB-
 Everyone knows this game is a pure arcade-style romp.Read gilgamesh 's review for a good laugh.It is one huge run-on sentence . There is n't even a period at the very end . Brilliant .
 This game is pathetic . It 's just like Blitz 2002 but insanely cheap . Every pass I threw got intercepted . Every last one of them . I hate it when games are cheap , but this is not even tolerable . The cheapest AI I have EVER seen .
 This a is great game ! Fast paced and huge hits just the way I like it . There are some improvements here since 20-02
 This is just as good if not better than an other of the blitz games . It has the hard nose football no penelties and has great gamet game play . Single player is a little lackking in difficaulty and the computer is easily beaten , but oncew you get going against some of your friends it is non stop action . If your looking for realism this is not your game , but if your looking for a game where every thing goes this is your game .
 This is one of the best game I have ever played ! When you creat a player it hard at first it 's , but you 'll get better.If you can get one game today get this game ! For Unlimited Turbo at the vs menu hit L2 4 times then hit R2 1 time and then hit X 5 and finally hit up . For Faster Running at the vs menu hit L2 0 then hit R2 3 times the hit X 2 and finally hit Left . That 's all you need to win a game .
 This game is great . The players in the game are 3-D , and features are easily seen ! The hard hits , trick plays , and icon passing make it great ! The all-new create-a-player option is awesome . You can put in name , number , character -LRB- there are some non-human custom characters -RRB- , height , weight , equipment , and attributes . On offense , it is pretty good . The plays are usually 20-25 yard plays . But players fumble way too much and the interceptions come across way too often . But defense is the ultimate arcade part . Bonecrushing tackles , late hits , and QB sacks are easy to get . It never bores me . The videos are great . It is a great game when you want to have multiple friends over . BUY THIS GAME !!! Even people who dislike football should like this game !! However , my create-a-player file corrupted , and it did NOT have anything to do with the memory card . But everything else saves just great .
 This is an improvement over its predecessors . If you want a realistic football sim this is not a game for you . If you want a game in which anything goes , then this is defeinitely your game!Play calling is simle and as long as you have a little hand-eye coordination , throwing completed passes is easy . Once you fully understand the controls INTs are not a problem ; SO READ THE MANUAL FIRST . If you played the arcad version -LRB- Blitz 2000 -RRB- and enjoyed it , this will blow you away .
 Between the explosive interative play and the ability to bash the opposing team after the play , NFL Blitz 2003 is the best football game ever ! No doubt about it !
 Danm I dont like NFL games with to many rules well this one realy kicks ass and trushing the other team is what I am all about . If you like NFL games with no rules . this is for you . and I think 2001 on PS one rock too thanks for reading !
 I do n't know why people think this game is so hard . If i had to gripe about something in the game , I would say that the computer is too easy . I played this game for the first time 3 days ago . I played 3 or 4 games against friends , and i played the computer on medium and blew them out by triple score . After about 5 hours since , i could double score hard difficulty with no problem.I guess playing against the computer loses it 's competitiveness , but playing against friends is just great . playing 2 on 2 with a multitap is probably one of the best experiences in video gaming i 've ever had . As for the interceptions and fumbles , they happen in real life too , and people , please stop crying and accept it as part of the game . The turnovers go both ways , as long as you hit hard enough.The gameplay is impeccable . There are very few things i would change about blitz 2003 . I have yet to try the create-a-player . I 'll definitely check that out . As for anyone who does n't have this game , get it . Oh , and do n't get upset if the computer is too hard . Just learn to pass .
 This is a good and fun game that I would recommend buying ! I currently am having trouble with the vibration function of the game which appears to be not working properly , but then again it might be defective and and might have to take it back to Sam 's Club where I purchased it . Sure it is not like `` real football '' and was created with a tongue attitude , but it has a lot tremendous hits , great graphics etc. to entertain any real football fan ! The bone crunching tackles and being able to control the weather conditions on the field are really the reason I purchased this game . So check it out ! Also the instant replays are awesome also .
 First of all this game has had its ruff times . When it first came out it was incomplete . Since then the company has worked tirelessly to getting this game up to speed . The game that you get in the box is not the finished version . New patches are always introduced every couple of months -LRB- somtimes every couple of weeks -RRB- that adds new and improved game play . I have had this game since june 12th and have never had any problems with it . My roomate just got this game a week ago because he was tired of having to sit and watch me play . He has minimum computer specs -LRB- cept for 256 mb of ram , which is actually the min -RRB- and even a 400mhz processor and it works fine.Dymanically ww2 online is in a league of its own . I only play the allied side , with them I have the choice of being ; 3 types of infantry , 4 kinds of airplanes -LRB- including one bomber -RRB- 3 types of tanks , a naval ship -LRB- only one so far but it rocks , 8 guns that eat tanks alive -RRB- and this will still be added to in future patches . On top of all this you can multicrew tanks , ships and the bomber . If you dont know what multicrewing is , its when two people use the same vehicle . In the bomber one person flys while the other is the bombadier and the tail gunner.The area of land in this game is huge , and the player numbers are rising into the thousands . They answer questions and let us in on the future advancements that will take place . They even take suggestions from the players.This is a dynamic game world that is unrivaled and will continue to expand with no end in sight . Jump in and have a blast and ill see ya on the battlefield . If you have any questions about the game I 'd be happy to answer them honestly . I love this game and want to get more people playing it for even better battles than we have now . The more the merrier .
 I 've never played an online game before , so did n't know what to expect . As far as a wargame goes ... this is as real as it gets . I 've played games like soldier of fortune on mac , but as far as realism goes ... not even close to this.The only thing I was n't crazy about was the monthly fee to play . But , when you realize all that goes into this thing at the website and headquarters , you understand why.What you do basically , is choose your side . The war is always going on , and the battlemap shows where the hotspots are . You can join anywhere you want , but must be from a friendly base . You choose the available vehicles , or just go on foot with rifle and grenades . Then , off you go . You basically are by yourself , unless you join a troop . So , you can either defend your base if you 're under attack or do patrol or whatever you want ... it 's a real world . Sometimes I just go on patrol , and never even see enemies , just like a real war . There are no `` missions '' unless you choose one , so ... it 's really open-ended ... unlike other games like soldier of fortune , and others.This is a great game , run by a great webserver . The world is incredible and huge ... and the realism is really something.The good thing about this game is that it goes on and on ... no end in site , and the war is raging whether your on at 2am , or at work all day .
 I 've played the pc version and am currently beta testing the mac client and let me tell you this is a remarkable game . Despite what some people will tell you , this game and the company are going strong and will continue to do so in the future.While the game does n't have the eye candy many people have come to expect nowadays , it 's the playability and community that draws many . How many people buy a game and will still play it a year or even 6 months later ? Not many games come to mind that can do this yet WWIIOL can and does . Every month the developers release a new patch that expands the terrain , adds new vehicles , and increases the strategic and tactical depth of the game . Just recently the 1.6 patch was released and this brought the infantry up to today 's first-person shooter standards with recoils , reloads and enhanced cover throughout the towns . Things will only get better too , currently the developers are working on a new capture system that will end the frustrating flag rushes that plague the game . Attrition is also in the works , giving players that ability to wear down an enemy before making a final , decisive assault on a town.I leave you with this , how many games have you played where you have enjoyed the experience of full combined-arms military operations with real people instead of a dumb , scripted AI ? How many games let you play as infantry , then let you jump to a plane and mix it up with a dozen friendly and enemy planes knowing that below you a full battle is being fought for control of a strategic town . How many MAC tank games have played where a group of friendly infantry rescued your vehicle from a group of approaching sappers ? I can honestly say this game is what wargamers have waited and hoped for since the beginning of computer games ; a virtual battlefield combining ground , air and sea .
 I bought all 3 games as they came out , but if you have n't even gotten one yet , I reccommend you pick this up , especially if you love FPS games.Allied Assault is a terrific single player and multiplayer game . The single player mission is pretty long with great graphics , sound , and some really awesome scenery . The sound of wind blowing , snow falling , dogs barking in the distance , and , well , everything is great about the game . the on-line side has many different modes of play -LRB- especially mods -RRB- and is exremely fun . It is still one of the top 5 games played on-line . Spearhead gives you more maps and skins , and a very good though short single player mission.Breakthrough is more of the same
 Pretty good game . Graphics in Allied Assault are older , but the expansion packs are excellent . I would also recommend the Multiplayer part of either Spearhead or Breakthrough . It 's a really fun game and I highly recommend it to all WW2 buffs , and Video Game buffs .
 WOW - you get all three for a FANTASTIC price . BUY IT!If you like `` Call of Duty '' from the historical point of view and like first person shooters , you have to get this . It does n't have quite the graphics effects of COD - because it was an earlier game - but it is n't bad AT ALL . Movement is slightly different but plays about the same . Has realistic feel except for 1 level which I thought was too much a fantasy level . Best part , if you get stuck somewhere there is a lot of walkthrough info on the internet and there are game `` cheats '' that are pretty easy to find and use if you get stuck.If you really liked WW2 in general and like COD , get this game . The Omaha Beach scenes makes the game worth the price . Do n't be fooled by some reviews that only boast about how much better COD is . I have played both and enjoyed them equally . If I could only buy 1 game COD or MOH - I would buy this set with the expansion packs . I played COD first and loved it . BUT ... this one had a better overall feel . Especially in the sniper levels . It is exciting to finally find the guy who 's been shooting at you . If you are into the WW2 games , you will find something you really liked in all the MOH and COD games that make them worth buying and playing.PS ... again , you hear negative stuff about the MEDAL of HONOR games because SOMEONE likes the COD series `` better '' - but the MEDAL games have some awesome levels - and yes they all have some things that could be done better . Do n't forget the MOH - Pacific Assault . It is a newer game and worth buying/playing , but I did n't think it was as good as Allied Assult .
 Now for ppl saying they played Call of Duty and found it more fun than Medal of Honor , well I would agree but only in terms of graphics and such is COD better . Look at the release dates
 this is one of the best fps 's in it 's time . the series was made along time ago and I still love it . the graphics are pure and realistic . the maps are amazing with major complexity including sniper houses -LRB- my favorite place to be -RRB- minefields , bunkers , tanks and all of the other great little tid-bits , they also include one of the most famous battles of all ... . omaha beach . the gameplay is awesome and brilliant and has little to no flaws with the enemy a.i. , the missions are very well planned and make for a challenge and the enemy 's and allies are great . the expansion packs are a great add on when you get bored of the original with new maps , missions and weapons . overall this is a great game and worth it 's price down to the penny .
 by todays standards , this is no ground breaker . the game is on rails and completely scripted . but its still great and at the time , one of a kind . if ur into MoH at all , this is the one to buy . everything after it has been mediocre . here u get AA with 2 expansions for a steal . just buy it .
 I bought MOHAA and its Breakthrough and Spearhead extension when they first came out . As a WWII history buff , I was impressed with the faithful attention to detail of these games . Over the years , I lost much of my software , including the subject MOH disks after a move . It was a real treat to discover these `` Legacy '' games were still available . I snapped them up thru Amazon , and found them to be all I had hoped for . The biggest problem I had was initially finding the activation codes for each game and extension . After searching on line for reviews of the game , I found , much to my chagrin , the codes were on the back of the last page of the user pamphlet . D'oh ! Other than that , I 'm very happy to have rediscovered some old friends . Thanks , Amazon !
 I have had the game for over 8 years , and worn out my old disk . I love it very much .
 It is the best three games you can buy for a low price . The Allied Assualt and Breakthrough will be kind of easy to play and win . The hardest one is Spearhead . It is worth the money .
 MOH was my first first person shooter experience . And I have been hooked ever since.Single player games are great , yes the expansions are kind of short but Spearhead was my favorite of the 3 . Now to get them all for 30 bucks would be a steal.My friends and I have spent countless hours playing online.Graphics are good . What more can I say but buy it and have a great time .
 This games is the best game ever the leval are fun and you can play forever on online mode overall I gave it a 5 . Write when i got it I played it all night . You do NOT NEED a suprecomputer to play .
 I purchased a digital copy of this collection at GOG.com , a gaming site . The games are amazing and for the price -LRB- $ 4.99 when I purchased them -RRB- , it was fun to step into a classic set of games and still enjoy myself . The gameplay is old-fashioned and simple , but I still managed to have a great time with it . The music is well done and the story is good . If you like older games , this is a good set to try .
 Got this item in the mail today and opened it up and sure enough , no Serial key -LRB- CD Key -RRB- had to look online to find it . This is the Uk EA Verson
 great game I ca n't think of any else to say . It 's a game for my grandson , he play 's the often .
 This company actually sent me the wrong game and bless their hearts said just keep it and do n't worry about sending it back so in all fairness to them they get five stars and even though the game was one I already have it sure made a good Christmas present to a fellow gamer ...
 This is an excellent value for money . The graphics look good for the year it was made , and the audio-visual effect is excellent . The story is engaging , and the weapons used are realistic and well-detailed . Overall it 's a nice shoot-em-up . That being said , there are far too many enemy soldiers at every level . It 's realistic when raiding an enemy base , but even a house in Normandy has about 20-30 soldiers . After a while it just gets repetitive , and you pretty much fire a few shots before you move into a room.So this game gets 4 stars , and I 'm sure the multiplayer games are fun -LRB- I have n't played any -RRB- .
 I am a big fan of these WWII games and this is one of the best.graphs are fine , more like in the lines of Call Of Duty 1-2 . but game play is sometimes extremely hard.there were missions where there was no ammunition left but you still had to fight.very challenging.I recommend these series if you love FPS.nevertheless these are outdated.then again if you are in the mood for some shooting and if your kick ass new game has not arrived yet , this can satisfy your thirst a little.go medal of honor !
 I have only played a few military games -LRB- SOF , SOF2 , and the COD4 demo -RRB- , but I was pleasantly surprised by the excellent historical basis for this game . Being a Spielberg creation , this game had incredible music , not to mention an obvious tie-in to the movie `` Saving Private Ryan '' . The play was enjoyable , consistent and smooth . Weapons were realistic and the sound effects seemed very true to life.This game uses the excellent Quake III Arena engine . Though dated by today 's standards , it still delivered good enough graphics to where I was n't constantly conscious of anomalous renderings -LRB- such as bodies lying half way through walls , etc. -RRB- . The two additional expansion packs -LRB- Spearhead and Breakthrough -RRB- were as good as the main game and had some nice touches to the historical narrative between missions . After reading the reviews for the expansions I was expecting less , but again I was quite pleased.After playing this I am now looking forward to the COD series , which I understand is similar to this .
 I liked this product . Just got back into the shootem up games . The only problem I have had is the graphics . Background buildings , etc. fade in and out and are white or grey until they become closer to the player . I must need a better video card . I am currently looking for one .
 This may be my favorite MOH game out there , either this or Frontline . You ca n't beat this price for the pack . You get the main game plus both expansions . Theres also a bonus CD which includes `` Medal of Honor Pacific Assault soundtrack , Strategy guides covering every mission , and Exclusive interviews with WWII Pacific Theater veterans . `` The main game is great . Its not the longest game in the world , but its not short like all these new games have been . On medium difficulty , it will take you a decent amount of time to play through . The expansion packs are a bit harder . I have n't been able to play all the way through either one though because every time I try I loose my save data half way through .
 The game loads quickly and plays well . If you are not a missions kind of person , play online and sharpen your skills against other live players . The online servers are great with very little lag . A fun game that any action gamer will enjoy .
 MOH is a classic and was the game that got me hooked on multiplayer FPS . The single player was fun and exciting , specifically I remember Omaha Beach which was one of the best single player levels . But the multiplayer was the real gem . Allied Assault had some of the best maps even compared to the shooters today , very balanced and incredible fun for huge team deathmatch battles . Spearhead followed the same formula with some great maps along with much needed options like filtering of servers . Finally Breakthrough was a nice addition but performance wise it didnt run as well as the first two titles . At the end of the day MOH is probably my favorite multiplayer of all time . Everything from the maps , weapons , mods , skins and taunts really gave the game an original feel . This set is definitely a must buy for any fan of WWII or FPS in general .
 The best game of all time , mostly for online multiplayer . I bought the War Chest after my original disks wore out from too much play .
 Game works very well , have had no problems what so ever . It is in top quality condition and was delivered fairly quickly .
 This product was shipped to me very quickly and arrived in excellent shape . The product was in brand new condition in the original manufacturers packaging just as it was advertised . I received overall excellent service from Amazon . I will definitely use this service again .
 This is a good old-fashioned meat & potatoes FPS . Smooth controls , good graphics for the era , and just plain fun .
 This game I gave 5 stars because it has a lot of potential it is a prety cool game but the graphics are not the best but they are prety good . There is a multiple choise of characters . They are good and bad characters and some are in between . I think this game eavry body should have in their video colection .
 Anyone with an interest in astronomy must own this . Amateurs and pro 's alike will be enthralled . Use as a quick reference , indepth study , or for just plain fun .
 I am a fan of Jurassic Park , so I bought in 2001 -LRB- at a used game shop , duh ! -RRB- Although I like this game , I wo n't deniey that it is a disapointment . The whole game is one huge , massive level , the animations are a bit choppy , Dr.Grant looks fat , and you ca n't play as raptor . -LRB- Just for the people who played the Sega version -RRB- . You can buy it , but if you want a fast Jurassic Park game , I suggest The choas continues , or the Sega Genesis version of Jurassic Park
 This was one of the first games I owned so I 'm biased from the nostalgia . This game got me through those early years when I only had a few games . You play as Dr. Grant and your objective is to escape the Island . The game play is a mix of overhead run and gun and FPS . You explore a huge -LRB- for the time -RRB- over-world going from building to building trying to complete objectives before finally escaping . The interior is FPS strait our of Wolfenstien or Doom only not so hardcore . You 'll collect key cards and flip switches and kill a lot of raptors and spitters . Examples of interiors include the visitor 's center , the raptor pen , and the cargo ship . There are a decent selections of weapons all of which can be used inside or out . The coolest part of this game is the sense of exploration and constant danger . There is plenty to discover and many corners for nasty dinos to ambush you from . By far the biggest problem with the game is the lack of a save feature . I think that with a walkthrough you could complete the game in 3-5 hours but if you are just stumbling through it 's going to take longer than that and you 'll just have to leave your system on in order to take a break . Overall a good game .
 Ok ... First I would like to start by saying YOU WONT LIKE THIS GAME UNLESS YOU DOWNLOAD PATCH AND FIX THE BUGS ... Yes , people are right , this game was release way before it should have been ... BUT ... THAT BEING SAID , THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE PIRATE GAMES OF ALL TIME !!!! , and I have most of them -LRB- pirates gold ! , Pirates of the Caribbean , Sea Dogs , Sid Meiers Pirates , cutthroats , etc. -RRB- It also takes a while to learn the controls , but once oyu 've got them down this game is lots of fun ... You have the ability to recuit a crew , additional officers to fight along side you as you board enemy ships , you can reward your officers and give them ships to create your own fleet . . and the naval battles are amazing . You actually get to stand on the deck of your ship -LRB- which you cna move around , and each ship model is different -RRB- Great game over all and once you have the update , I think you 'll enjoy it ...
 You like sea battle games then you want this . the best graphics i 've seen for old-like games . Combat is amazing and intense . I , m not a fan of the deck battle or sword combat . similar to mount and blade .
 A pretty aweful game out of box , with patches as well as the fan created Super Patch , it 's actually a very fun , if somewhat repetitive game . You sail around the Caribbean undertaking randomly generated quests , or following the shallow storyline , THEN undertaking randomly generated quests or simply sailing from port to port trading goods.Though really ... what more do you want ? The officer system is interesting , and the ship handling is as good as to be expected . Without the Super patch , there 's many many crashes and the graphics are pretty hohum , but with it , it 's actually a very nice looking game with smooth gameplay and greatly reduced loading times.It 's very very similar to Sid Meier 's Pirates , though each have things that the other does better .
 First of all , you should know that I 'm not an avaid gamer , but I do enjoy playing games and have various types of games from strategy to action to classic . So , I think this is a great game ! There is so much more that your character is capable of doing than in any other pirate game I have played or heard about . Plus there are a lot of options to pick from when starting out your game . The ships are fun to be around in with their varying abilities -LRB- I do n't know if they 're all that acurate , but I think it 's nice that they at least tried to make each ship different -RRB- . I particularly like that there are so many options that you can take your character into throughout the game . I do n't think you could play the same game twice at all . This is by far one of my top games !
 I am a big fan of the Uncharted Waters series that was on the SNES . Koei has been making new ones but never releasing them in the US . Anyway , When I first heard that Pirates of the Caribbean was like it in a way and not related to the movie I decided to buy it and loved it despite the many bugs ... just had to save a lot . Then i purchased Sea Dogs and now Age of Pirates which is along the same lines , a sequel of sorts . Its a great game although so far not as good as POTC because at least that game gave you some direction in the beginning . So far in this one I am just doing `` missions '' to earn money , like transporting people to and from islands . The graphics are a little better than Sea Dogs and POTC . I have yet to have the game crash , just got it yesterday and played it for hours . I did install the latest 1.5 version patch before playing it for the first time though . I also just loaded the StarForce free patch which allows you to uninstall StarForce and play the game without it on your system . Too many bad reviews made me think twice about leaving it on . Should n't judge the game solely on the fact that it has anti-piracy software on it . So if you liked POTC and Sea Dogs you will like this game . Although I liked POTC better , I have completed that already and its nice to have something along the same lines with new missions and things added . Akella should try expansions on games rather than creating all new ones , like they are n't doing by creating another Age of Pirates
 I 'm not exactly sure what everyone else was talking about . The whole star force thing kind of confuses me . I have been playing the game for about three months and I am yet to have any problems with my computer . so if you are interested in the game do n't let the hype about starforce software scare you out of buying it .
 This game promises to be a lot of fun.But it is really buggy . It crashes often , even with the latest patches . This makes it really annoying . You have to save all the time so you do n't lose your progress in the game.I have only played a few hours so I do n't know how the story really progresses . I hope it is as good as the Pirates of the Caribbean.The style of the game is very similar , if not identical to Pirates of the Caribbean.All in all it looks like a fun game . Maybe released a little early . It needed a little more beta testing so it would n't have so many bugs .
 -LRB- Review provided by my son , as the game was purchased for him . -RRB- I have been playing Age of Pirates
 I do n't know why some people have a problem with Starforce . I have never had a problem well running a game with Starforce . Age of Pirates is a good in depth game.A lot better then Sids Pirate remake . It would be nice if Amazon would list in the product information if a program is using Starforce for those who do have a problem with it .
 This really is a good game , and to all of you ignorant people that rated it without even BUYING the game because it contains Starforce , you really missed out . Installing Starforce is OPTIONAL . Thousands of people are already playing it fine , Starforce free .
 I have played just about every golf game that has ever been released and Disney Golf is a lot of fun . Of course , if your looking for a true golf sim . . look elsewhere . DG gives you exactly what you would expect . . Imaginary courses , 62 funny power-ups -LRB- I love the one that turns your golf ball into a football -RRB- You have to earn coins to purchase these power-ups in the golf shop and you earn those coins by making great golf shots . There are 7 different games you can play
 I bought this for my six year old but was surprised how much I enjoyed playing this game with him . The graphics are colorful and the characters -LRB- though you only have 8 of them -RRB- are fun to play with.My biggest disappointment is that the game does get too easy quickly . Luckily there are more challenging courses , but those can be easy after playing once or twice . That makes this a great game for young children because they will be challenged longer . There is no violence and most definately deserves the ` E ' rating . It is also nice to have a game that more than one person can play at a time ... . in fact you can even have up to 4 players playing.There are other challenges like the Long Drive and Closest to the Pin competitions . These are fun , challenging , and a great way to put in a `` quick game '' . For children I would most definately recommend it . For adults , I would recommend playing with them . But if you want something more challenging , there are other golf games that are better and have more characters .
 We are relatively new to PlayStation , but this game is fantastic . It combines all the elements of a great golf game with the imagery and fantasy of the Disney world . The graphics are unbelievable , the courses and the camera angles spectacular , and we 've barely played it a couple of times . I 'm sure there will be many hours of enjoyment ahead . The game is simple enough that my four year old can enjoy and play it , and challenging enough to bring my 13 year old back to try to beat it and unlock the characters and courses .
 Just opened this game tonight and I played with my 5-year-old son . I 've played other golf games before , so the play mechanism was familiar to me -- aim , click to start the swing , click to determine your power , click to determine accuracy . Very fun and easy for me , and even my 5-year-old had picked up on it by the 2nd hole . I 've been looking for a game for him so he can start using the PS2 to develop hand-eye coordination , and this is the one -- he REALLY enjoyed it and as I said , picked it up very quickly . He has trouble with other games on the PC , but this one is just perfect for him . The graphics are very good , and overall it 's just a lot of fun . We did n't get into the whole thing with coins and power-ups , but what 's cool is that you do n't have to do that stuff if you do n't want . Highly recommended . Great game .
 I purchased this game for my three grandsons . They are 7 , 4 and 3 . The three year old is still having a little trouble , but the others fight to keep it away from ME !!! I love this game . It is great to teach the children eye-hand control . But it is equally fun for me . This is something we can all enjoy .
 Disney golf brings fun characters , unbelievable power ups , and terrific courses to the game of golf . My 5 year old is even learning to keep score when he watches real golf on TV.OK , here 's the deal . Select a Disney character with a particular strength -LRB- i.e. power , skill -RRB- and play head to head with another character -LRB- though you can play doubles -RRB- . Earn coins by defeating your opponent and bonus coins by hitting the ball full power , landing an approach shot within 10 feet , sinking a chip-in or long put , or landing your ball in a secret area . Use these coins to purchase power-ups that can be used to up your game or hinder your opponent 's . The use of your power ups is monitored by an energy meter . If your out of energy , you ca n't use your power ups.All I can say is fun fun fun . This is the first golf game I 've ever sunk an ace on and the pay off was more than a feeling of satisfaction -LRB- 347 coins ! -RRB- The game gets harder as you progress , but not too difficult to beat . Right now , I 'm working on saving enough coins to purchase the elusive `` turn your ball into a walnut '' power up . 9999 coins . Yikes . Wonder what it does for you.Great game ! Fun courses ! Slam your opponent with defensive power ups ! Not a sim , just tons of fun for a combo mini golf with full scale golf .
 Unfortunately it does n't play in any system other than the PS2 . The PS3 ca n't play it . But if you still have a PS2 ... well worth the money .
 My son , who is five , enjoys this game . He like that the disney characters are the ones actually playing golf .
 Awesome graphics and smooth gameplay make this a great game however there is not enough events and a lack of options which could make this game get old fast . There is only Chamionship or exhibition mode to choose from.Not all events use button mashing
 I received this game as a gift from my brother-in-law and I did n't know what to expect . I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this game.Story
 I got this game some blue moons ago ... in fact I heard and read about Sudeki while it was still in development . At the time I knew one day I would get the game . Then a couple of years after it was released , I eventually got myself a copy . If there is one word to describe this game is ... Beautiful ... it fact it was one of the most beautiful game I have ever seen . The character design is similar to Fable but more anime-like . From the characters to the environment , everything is beautiful and very pleasant to behold . The game was fun and very enjoyable . Unfortunately , there has never been a sequel to it . Hopefully , someday ... maybe ... there will be a sequel .
 No game ... EVER ... that 's been created and put out on the market is perfect , and Sudeki is no exception . However , it does have many good points more than bad . This game -LRB- at least to me -RRB- by far is the most beautiful looking game that i 've ever played . Lush enviorments , beautiful shadows and lighting as the characters move throughout the areas , and the transition between one area to another without much use of a load screen was nice to experience in the game . The battle system can be a bit clunky at times , especially while using healing items , but overall combat is fun . The game actually reminded me somewhat of Fable . It 's not very long , I finished it in under 30 hours . It 's too bad there wo n't be a Sudeki 2 . I think with a few tweeks , it could be a good franchise . But , at least I got a chance to play the game . Special kudos to the team that created such a great looking game .
 I do n't know why this game gets so little regard ... It 's a great game in its own right . It 's nothing epic or new , but it 's beautiful and addictive . Seriously , this is one of the few games I 've played multiple times.The ending ... was crap . I 'll be the first to admit that . I was thoroughly dissapointed with the ending.Having said that , getting to the end was lots of fun . I originally bought my XBOX simply for Fable , and when I played the demo of this game with a Fable DVD/Promo thing , I instantly loved it . It has lots of weird voice actors -LRB- I think we have some Irish , Scottish , British , Australian and Canadian in here . Where the heck did they cast the English version of this , I wonder ? -RRB- a typical RPG storyline
 This game keeps one on their toes and is very involved my kids all love this game and I myself enjoy playing it . There is violence so young kids really should have an adult preview it first . Otherwise very nice game .
 This game starts a little weak graphically . But when you get further in the game , the graphics improve greatly , there 's some serious eye candy here . I think the fighting and the graphics in this game blows away KOTOR . Especially when you use a spirit strike . While the RPG aspect isnt as good as KOTOR , the fighting and the graphics are much better . I always found ample supply of spirit recharge -LRB- SP -RRB- in the breakable crates and clay jugs.If you dont have an `` S '' cable or a `` component '' cable for your xbox , I suggest you get one , as it will improve graphics on all your games . All in all a fun game . I actually liked it better than KOTOR , just because i get to fight in real time . Not just watch my character talk all day and then fight in slow motion like KOTOR . The shadow realm is nice to when you get into hall of heads , pretty trippy . The graphics improve as you go along . A good rental or buy it when its $ 20.00 . As theres not a huge replay value . Oh yeah and the TETSU guy who shows up and gives you armor upgrades is very kool , I had it on my stereo and it definatly looks and sounds great.HINT
 I have just played the demo and it 's great !!!! Aso soon as it release i would buy it .
 I just played the demo and I can tell this game will be good . The demo showed off some of the combat elements of the game . You can pull off attack combos , skill strikes , spirit strikes , etc. . At any time during combat , you can slow down the action by pressing Y . This will allow you to plan your strategy , quaff a potion , change the AI settings of your companions , etc. . Since there was no NPC interaction in the demo , I have no opinion on the other RPG elements of the game . Also , the graphics were beautiful .
 I have recently played this game extensively and can vouch for its amazing quality . The work that has gone into this game is unbelievable , here are some of the features : - The graphics look so real that I actually thought that I was watching a video of real people . - Similarly the sound is awesome . I heard that they actually recorded real people for the voices too , unlike other games with their made up voices . It sure sounds real to me ! - The music is so good that they were going to put it on Top of the Pops , but when they released the album they decided not to appear on the show as , being a sure # 1 hit , they did n't want to ruin the chances of the other pop stars doing well on the show that week . -LRB- This Soundtrack Album is also available here and it is so great too , I ca n't believe they cn make computers play music like this -RRB- . - And lastly , the gameplay . Imagine any type of game you like , well this is like that game but better . I can not wait for this game to come out as , having played it extensivley at E3 , I know so much about it and I 'm dying to play it again.I have been playing video games since I was a kid and this is the finest piece of softwaremanship I have come across to date . I am going to buy 2 of this game just so I can keep one un-opened as a display piece .
 Sudeki is going to rock but with the late release date there may be a problem with True Fantasy Live Online and FABLE . True Fantasy is going to be a kick a $ $ MMORPG and FABLE is going to be the best of all .
 This game looks amazing . It will diffenitly be the savoir RPG for the Xbox
 Man this game is the bomb !! Some people call one of the guys you can play gay but the people who call him gay are gay themselfs.But if you like games where you can interact with people then this is your game .
 * . . clothing to grab the attention of the dominant gamer population -LRB- males -RRB- . Why not use the graphics and gameplay for that ?! * If you look you should notice that one of the females looks like a lesbian , one of the males looks gay -LRB- the one at the back wearing the glsses -RRB- . And the female at the front looks dead , no emotion -LRB- zombie fashion -RRB- , the male with the red hair looks like a puppet , and you are talking about sex ? -
 Sudeki is fun to play . It has great graphics with vibrant color and well drawn characters . The voice acting is well done except for the southern drawl characters that come across as labored . Understandable in that accents must be difficult to emulate . The story is fine in my opinion . A little too short and the ending seems a little rushed to me , but ok in my opinionThe battle system was hard for me to get used to . I finally just stuck with Ailish , most of the time , blasting and healing . Most times when I would switch , Ailish would come close to death and I would have to switch back anywayGreat graphics , nice but short story , but worth the buy if you like role play
 I was expecting this game to be good , but WOW ! Rivals Knights of the Old Republic as THE must-have xbox role-playing game . First off , it looks absolutely gorgeous , killer graphics , easily on par with anything I 've seen from the Final Fantasy series . All of the dialogue is voiced rather than just subtitled . The voice-acting is great with each character -LRB- even NPC 's -RRB- having a distinct accent and tone . The music is perfect , and did I mention the killer graphics?Second , the real-time combat is absolutely flawless . Two characters with mad melee skills that attack with killer combos Return of the King-style , and two ranged attackers that fight in first-person shooter style like Halo . You can switch between all four as waves of enemies pour in . This is too much fun for words . The skill strikes are especially ass-kicking attacks that must be seen to be believed -LRB- they often send blood and pieces of enemies flying everywhere -RRB- . Easily the high point of this game.Third , the story -LRB- though not on par with it 's FF brethren -RRB- is very cool and the characters are very likeable . There 's Tal the swordsman whose commanding officer , his father , verbally beats him down mercilessly . He is also good for moving blocks and such . Then there 's Ailish the sorceress -LRB- and a princess to boot -RRB- who loves a good adventure and uses her magic to break magical barriers hiding valuable items . Buki , the animalistic claw-bearing warrior who scoffs at Tal 's immense weapon -LRB- `` Humans always hide behind their swords . I like to smell my enemies ' sweat and fear '' -RRB- . She can also scale walls . Lastly , there 's Elco the scientist who has a rocket pack and fights with guns . You use various combinations of these four warrirs as you travel the land looking for asses to kick in search of powerful crystals -LRB- a la FF2 -RRB- in other kingdoms for use in a defensive device Elco is working on . From there , who knows what could happen?The only weakpoint to this game is it 's lack of depth . The characters are established , but then are n't completely developed and the ending is horrendously unfulfilling . I could n't even spoil it for you if I wanted to because NOTHING HAPPENS . After I 'd beaten the game , I knew I 'd done everything I could possibly do and felt no need to play it again as I did when I beat KOTR . More customisation and a deeper storyline would have been great . Also , the world is tiny compared to other RPG 's . You do n't even really even need alternate transportation sources . Still , my bigest complaint is simply that I want more , more , MORE!Overall , this is what xbox RPG fans have been waiting for . I was hoping for a game to tide me over until Fable drops , and I got an incredible game that combines many of the aspects of Halo , Return of the King , Final Fantasy , Legend of Zelda , and Chrono Trigger that made those games so awesome . Hopefully , it 's lack of depth will be fixed in future sequels . Buy it now !
 This is one of the original Xbox games that shows off the true power of its graphics . Unfortuneately it does n't work with the Xbox 2 , but it is still an awesome game . The storylines is one of the best for an RPG that we have ever played . An all time favorite in our house .
 my son and his friends all love this game , and they play it alot . i was renting it from blockbuster video nearly every weeks so i decided to save my self alot of money and just purchase it so thats what I did and he is very happy .
 The game rocks . It 's the best looking game on xbox I 've seen and the combat is so much fun because it 's so in your face and has great depth and variety.Well worth it and I still having a blast .
 Since i bought the game i have been impresed with the graphics and gameplay like never before the game is simply awesome and i recomend it to everyone
 At present I am almost finished with the game -LRB- at only 17 or so hours into it , mind you -RRB- . So , I thought it an apt time to voice my opinions on the game.Gameplay
 When i first heard about the upcoming release of Sudeki i was pretty stoked . The XBox has been lacking exclusive RPGs and Sudeki -LRB- along with Fable -RRB- looked like it might fill in some gapping holes . However after picking up a demo of the game at Gamestop prior to it 's release my entire opinion flipped . The demo was plain awful , the combat seemed to be lacking and to put it lightly i was n't at all impressed . So what did i do ? I cancelled my reservation.Several months latter -LRB- after watching Sudeki pretty much bomb sales wise -RRB- i decided to pick up a copy because of the price drop and i have to say that my opinion completly changed . Hidden behind all of the hype -LRB- both negative and positive -RRB- i found Sudeki suprisingly addictive and enjoyable.Graphically the game is beutiful and despite the simplicity of the combat it 's enjoyable -LRB- not bad hack and slash at all -RRB- - the boss fights are also alot of fun . The story has depth and despite the annoying voice acting -LRB- and it is very annoying -RRB- i ca n't say anything other then i enjoyed the game.I guess i leaned my lesson - do n't trust a demo to give you an honest accesment of a game and do n't believe the hype . There are quite a few games that were overlooked and have become classics . -LRB- especially RPGs -RRB- Give Sudeki a shot .
 I just finished playing Sudeki , and overall I found it to be quite enjoyable . It 's an RPG game with a anime look and feel . It features a real time battle system . Some characters are melee characters where battle is like a fighting game where there are various combos . Some characters have ranged weapons where it 's like a first person shooter . It can sometimes be a bit frustrating to try to manage all 4 characters in real time , but a ` QuickMenu ' helps you quickly execute actions for each character and then cycle to others.The game is quite linear , and it does a good job keeping you on track . You really need to complete side quests you get when you get them , otherwise , who knows when you 'll get the chance to get back to do them . It can actually be frustrating at times to not be able to get back to the right place with the right character to finish a side quest . The story line of the game puts you in control of different sets of characters over time , which keeps things interesting . Each characters have their strengths and weaknesses , so you have to learn to make the best of each character . I found the storyline to be fairly interesting , although it 's not very original.The graphics are very good , although I wish it had support for a higher HDTV resolution . The sound effects make good use of surround sound . I ended up spending a couple hours a day on the game over a couple weeks.If you are looking for an open ended in depth RPG , this is n't the game for you . If you are looking for a fun linear RPG game to entertain you for 30 hours or so of game play , I think Sudeki is a good buy .
 The Xbox has very few RPG 's worth mentioning . This is , without a doubt , one of the system 's main weaknesses . For years Microsoft had been promoting Sudeki as one of the games that would change all that . Well ... as it turns out it was n't . What happened?Contrary to every advertisement and preview , contrary even to certain reviews seen here , Sudeki is not truly a role playing game . Allow me to emphasize this . Examples of RPG 's would include the original Baldur 's Gate , Knights of the Old Republic , or just about any RPG on the PS2 . Sudeki could be more accurately described as a linear adventure game . If you are looking for a meaty , 40-hour epic this is n't it . There is exactly ONE point in the game that allows you to control one of your character 's decisions , and even that turns out to be rather inconsequential . Dialogue with NPC 's is humorous , but pretty superficial . Aside from leveling there is no player-controlled character development whatsoever . And as I noted earlier the adventure itself is very linear . In many cases other areas of the world are inaccessible until you complete a certain quest . This usually takes the form of a gate that is inexplicably locked.The story is n't too original either , although it does get more interesting a few hours in . And speaking of character development , I find it odd that 3 of the 4 main characters have supposedly known each other for years and yet they do n't even act like it until almost halfway through.Sudeki uses a lot of voice acting , which is good , but a lot of it is quite cheesy . I thought that was ok , since it 's kind of in the same lighthearted spirit as the world , but your mileage may vary.Also be aware that Sudeki is short . I finished it in just under 20 hours , not including retries , and that was with every side quest completed and taking my time . Sadly there is n't really any replay value since the game is so short and you have absolutely no control over initial character creation . You do , at least , have full control over the leveling process.Now ... if you 're willing to forgive some of these flaws , you might still find Sudeki to be surprisingly enjoyable , as I did . To start off , this is just simply a gorgeous game . Nominations should be awarded . Every single environment has been crafted with a loving attention that is often absent in modern games . The game is awash in bright colors , slightly super-deformed characters , and fairy-tale buildings . For me , at least , it really did feel like I was playing in a cartoon . More importantly there is simply no repetitiveness in the levels . Take some time to look around instead of just speeding through , and you 'll be surprised at all the little -LRB- and big -RRB- details you might see.Sudeki also has quite a few cutscenes . Generally they are pretty darn well done and even wryly humorous , often giving unexpected insight into the world and the characters . The last cutscene that occurs just before the final battle is a real treat ... unfortunately , after you win , the game just sort of ends . Abruptly.Aside from visual appeal and charm , combat is Sudeki 's other main strength . The two melee characters , Tal and Buki , feature a combo attack system . By pressing the A and B buttons in certain combinations you can get different attack combos , but timing is important . Mashing the buttons too slow or too fast will cause the combo to fail . The two other characters , Ailish and Elco , utilize first-person ranged attacks when under your control . Every character also features skill strikes , which are very powerful special moves that use up Skill Points . Time slows down during a skill strike , which allows you to ensure that the strike affects the most enemies , or in the case of buffs , goes off correctly . Each character also learns two or three Spirit Strikes during the game . Spirit Strikes take a fairly long time to build up but are pretty much guaranteed to destroy every non-boss enemy in the immediate area . However , keep in mind that even when you have all four characters fighting together you can only directly control one at a time -LRB- although you can switch freely during combat -RRB- . Combat is a lot of fun but at times it does seem a bit too easy . The bosses are pretty cool but none of them pose a real challenge if you fight smart and are prepared , and any random encounter in the wilderness can be defeated as long as you have a Spirit Strike saved up . Each character also features a special ability . Tal can pull and push heavy objects , Buki can climb certain walls , Ailish can dispel magic , and Elco can fly . These abilities are key to getting past certain areas.Finally a word about Sudeki 's Mature rating . There are definitely parts of the game that can be a little gory . In a world full of anthropomorphic characters and cutesy scenery it can be quite jarring to see innocent people get brutally slaughtered , but while Sudeki has a lot of cheerful sunshine it does have its dark moments too . And yes , there is definitely a `` T&A ; '' factor to this game . If you do n't know what T&A ; is , then look at the box cover . There is enough here to inspire a legion of naughty fanart . Let it be known that Buki has by far one of the most unattainably perfect tushes ever to be seen in a video game , and see it you will , since she spends most of it running around with little more than a piece of floss to preserve her dignity . You 've been warned -LRB- or encouraged , if you 're into that I suppose -RRB- . Overall Sudeki has great production quality but it fails to deliver as a true RPG . However despite its flaws it still has a lighthearted , oddly addictive appeal to it . This is definitely a game that does n't take itself too seriously . As long as you do n't expect it to be anything more than a visually interesting adventure romp with strong combat elements it will probably be worth your time . At the current discounted prices , or as a weekend rental , I 'd recommend it to anyone looking for something short and sweet .
 Sudeki was an excellent game in terms of graphics , ease of play , and general fun . However , I had two problems with the game
 Sudeki is one of the best looking games I 've ever played . The gameplay is closer to games like Kingdom Hearts and very heavy on action . I hope they continue this series and make a sequel .
 The game moves and plays well.The graphics are superb but only if you have HDTV or a smaller TV . I have HDTV/32 inch analog with component/27 inch with VPORT . HDTV and VPORT look superb , the 32 inch with component looks OK but has a few jaggies . If you want to go `` big '' you will need the HDTV.Gameplay : Battles
 Hopefully at least , of course i have n't played it yet , but having looked on loads of screenshots and seeing all the trailers , my hopes are up high ... Dont fail me again Admiral
 Ive been reading up on this game and watching demos this game is gon na be tight it mixes hong kong elements with western flavor the creators of the game actually put alot of work into there charecters and they also have there own story to tell . and the game is supposed tobe more than 80 hours long . you are gon na be able to roam free in the game Its gon na be like star ocean the second story but better if you remember that game . trust me this game is gon na be worth buying you are gon na be locked in your romm for weeks maybe mos.so tell the parents you will be gone for a while .
 when a world was riped apart and evil stalks two realms four heros must battel powerful swordman master powerful attacks vanquish powerful demonds reclaim a universe shattered by darkness and deceit you control up to four distinctive champions at any time comomize amor and spells envolve new powers an abilities unleash furious attacks/magic in this real time action -LRB- rpg -RRB-
 Sudeki looks like a really cool game ! I 'm into the extended game and Japanese art concepts , so this game seem in my league . I think I will by this game first , before all the others .
 I played the demo this game is a must.Trust me buy it
 THIS GAME IS GON NA BE THE worst -LRB- ... -RRB- WHEN IT COMES OUT FOR THE XBOX ... . I 'M A HUGE FF SERIES FAN AND I 'VE BEEN ONE SINCE IT CAME OUT ON THE NES AND I KNOW FOR SURE WITHOUT A DOUBT THAT SUDEKI IS GON NA BE A HUGE SUCCESS WHEN IT FIRST COMES OUT AND ALSO FOR THE SUDEKI SEQUELS AFTER IT . SO FOR THOSE WHO DO N'T BELIEVE THE HYPE JUST LISTEN TO ME AND TRY THE GAME OUT FIRST CAUSE IT 'S WORTH IT .
 this game was pretty good , overall ... but there were quite a few things that could have been improved onsome things that were rong wit it were that it was very short -LRB- around 20 hours -RRB- for an RPG , the replay value was not very good , its like u finish it and u have no reason to play it over unless u didnt do everything the first time . the side quests were kinda boring , it was mostly just fetch so and so amount of some random item . also , it ended off too abruptly -LRB- u beat the last boss and it immediatly starts rollin the credits -RRB- another thing that was bad was the plot was a little too predictable . also , you should have been able to have a broader amount of choices for the conversations . the good sides of the game were the combat and graphics i think . you couldnt button mash or ud miss out on the cool combos . then when u use the ranged u get into a FPS mode . The skill strikes were fun to watch , and powerful , but not overly so -LRB- and it did get annoying after awhile . the characters were not so bad -LRB- i dont c y ppl decide they dont like the game just because they put Aillish on the front , and she looks like a bit of a whore , i mean , the costumes change thru the game . . -RRB- the voices werent too annoying -LRB- u get used to it after awhile -RRB- and besides , they used real peoples voices , which is pretty impressive in itself , being as there were so many NPCs and stuffso , i think that this is a good game . and since xbox is lacking in the RPG department u should consider getting it . but , i suggest if u r thinking of getting it , wait until the price drops and save the bulk of ur money for other games that r coming out in the near futurei hope this review helped u understand this game
 OPEN LETTER TO CLIMAX AND MICROSOFT.I love this game . But PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE release a Developers Cut . I think everyone will agree the graphics are astounding -LRB- the lighting alone makes KOTOR look archaic -RRB- . I play it over and over , but only up to a certain juncture in the story -LRB- and I think everyone knows where I 'm talking about -RRB- . Clearly you guys were rushing it in order to get it out before Fable . Who cares about Fable ? Sure , I 'll buy that one too . Right now I care about how well Sudeki plays . Here are three suggestions for SUDEKI-THE DEVELOPERS CUT that I -LRB- and probably everyone else who is frustrated -RRB- would love to see -LRB- because hoping and waiting for a Sudeki 2 is out of the question -RRB- :1 . LOCKED DOORS . If they lead nowhere , do n't bother to lock them . I 'm sure there were a few quests involving several of these doors that got snipped at the last moment , so add a couple to the Developers Cut .2 . FINAL BATTLE . This is arguably the worst ending is gaming history -LRB- given the quality of the game -RRB- . However , the outcry over it could be quelled by one simple remedy
 First and foremost , this is a very good RPG ! The visuals recall games like Grandia and Skies of Arcadia . It 's not an extremely `` deep '' game , but it is engaging and the four heroes are well thought out.I purchased this game at a discounted price and with much hesitation , but my fears were unfounded . Nearly every NPC has spoken dialog and breakable jars , barrels and crates hold useful health items . The combat system is slightly confusing at first , but becomes intuitive after a short amount of play.If you are a RPG fan and have n't picked this game up yet because of mediocre reviews , do yourself a huge favor and give it a try . It 's not an open-ended game with cloudy mission objectives like other recent RPGs , but what it brings to the table is a tasty meal in its own right !
 Sudeki is a different story altogether and by that I mean it . You are three heros taking the power from the dark to the light , in a sense.Your 4 heroes give an escence of choice to efect your gameplay , in combat . The team-up 's are great , the 2 shoters take it from range wich enables them to wash up the big boys , while the third person buddys take out numbers.Now before I depart , I 'll give you a little sumerry of the quick list . From the quick list you can select your spells . Spells are a quick way of killing enemy 's , which is great fun , the spells include chucking fire-balls at people and spinning around with a sword slicing them up.A recomended game , get it !
 I do n't understand why so many people are reviewing this game when they have n't even played it yet . They 're not even sure what kind of game it is . `` Is it a fighting game ?? '' This is a role-playing game for the Xbox . One of the few that the system actually has . This game is actually a really great game . I 'm a few hours into it right now and I really do n't have any complaints about it . Some people say the voice acting is way off , but it 's really not too bad . The game is pretty bloody , hence the M rating , but that only makes it much cooler to play . When it comes to fighting in this game it really ca n't get much easier . The fighting system is very easy to get used too . The story line is pretty good too , nothing groundbreaking , but good to say the least . I have Final Fantasy X and X-2 for Ps2 and this game is much better then both of those games . Not even really a competition there and I do like the Final Fantasy games . Is this game worth it to buy ? I definitely think is . If you like RPG 's and lots of blood , then you will like this game . If you do n't like RPG 's then do n't buy this game . Its that simple . Again , if you have n't played this game , there is no need to post a review about it . Go do that elsewhere . Reviews are to help out people that might be interested in buying the game . Do n't post questions about it here .
 If you like first person shooters or just a great hack and slash this game has both ! I 've been playing it for a day now and find that the game is great ! This game has fair graphics .
 Ignore all the negativity . This game rocks . What are you waiting for ? Go buy it . You 'll love it . You wo n't be able to resist Ailish 's healing kiss . Trust me .
 From what i have played so far Sudeki seems to have a lot of potential.Sudeki is a Rpg with tons of puzzels -LRB- like Zelda -RRB- , and has real time combat -LRB- similar to KOTR , but much more fast pase -RRB- . There are 4 playable Characters , Tal who is a soilder , Ailish a mage , Elco a science officer , and last Buki a tribal warrior . Each character has his/her special abilites in combat and out of combat.I am not to sure what Sudeki is about but i do know that you will be able to travel to 3 different worlds and each world is suppose to be enormous.All in all Sudeki will more than likely be a succes
 I think this game is fun , and its enought hard so you have to think a little extra
 One of the best RPG 's to grace the XBOX . The story is engaging and fun with a deep mythology . You slowly get to play 4 different charcters in co-op and then sometimes solo . I have not gotten to the Ending yet so I can not comment on what people say is a horrible ending.It has all the elements of an RPG only with REAL time combat instead of freeze combat like other RPGs . Go on quests , or Free roaming of the cities allow you to break from the story a bit to collect XP and loot from hunting monsters . You can even just look around for hidden treasure chests . Boss fights are fun and work off patterned weaknesses . Lots of loot , weapons and weapon upgrades.The graphics are amazing ! Beautifully rendered and HUGE complete cities & and countrysides complete with all the little details . The girls in the game are rendered pretty hot too ; -RRB- This game is nothing like KOTOR and to the guy comparing it . . Do n't quit your day job and become a reviewer . The graphics in Sudeki kick KOTOR out of the scene . KOTOR 's biggest and best is the story , and character building -LRB- dark / light -RRB- . Again they can not be compared . Sudeki is a Fantasy RPG with Real time combat , KOTOR is Star Wars with Freeze combat . However I do agree KOTOR was one of the best games EVAR!I rate this one of the best RPG 's for XBOX and several gaming magazines agree and have ranked it in th 9 + out of 10 .
 Not sure what the story of Sudeki is about although i 've heard rumours that at some point during Sudeki that Tail gets to go on a vehicle wrecking spree , you actually get to smash vehicles with his sword , and if there 's 2 people playing tag team then either Hashish or Elco gets to join in too . It all sounds very familiar . Also , there 's this huge creature that watches you , it 's a big red dragon of sorts . If it 's true then Sudeki sure sounds like lots of fun .
 This game is exciting , surprising , and dangerous . This game has a great storyline . It makes an RPG pretty good looking . If your judging it by the rating `` M '' , DO NOT DO IT THAT WAY !! The only reason it 's `` M '' is because when your either Tal , Elco , and Buki and you destroy a enemy , blood will go every where that 's why I gave it a 4 . Its only downside is the gore . So Sudeki is a good game if your into Action , Adventure , and RPGs . So check it out , Sudeki .
 The game is definitely worth a look.So , you start off Sudeki with an absolutely lovely scene that has you floating through Illumina Castle , and by now you are already wow-ing the amazing graphics , vivid colors , and overall inviting scenery of Haskilia . A few moments later you meet our first hero , Tal , who is daydreaming in his mess of a bedroom . Within no time , you are in control of the muscular redhead and asked to give a demonstration -LRB- read
 Sudeki was a game that I 've been waiting for over a year to buy , but after some delays and finetuning of the game it is finally out and I was finally able to play it . This game is more in the action-rpg style than the turn-based Final Fantasy type games that has been popular the last 7-8 years.The XBox is not known for having a large library of roleplaying-games like the PS2 , or the PS1 for that matter . But Sudeki is an above-average addition to this very limited library . Its not a classic and nigh-perfect rpg like 2003 's Star Wars
 Here 's the thing , folks . The main reason Sudeki has been underrated by so many people is that the developer is not Japanese . Lovers of traditional Japanese rpgs are ready to poo all over Sudeki simply because it is the work of a western developer . What they fail to see is that Sudeki is anything other than a traditional rpg , and thus should not be compared to traditional rpgs . Sukeki is a brilliant mix of traditional rpg and action/adventure . It controls like action/adventure and yet features a deep combat system that allows you to switch between four different characters and direct their combat style . While the combat is not turn-based , it is still reminiscent of traditional rpgs because the action slows to bullet time when you change weapons , use an item , or unleash a magical attack . Some strategic planning is required every time you go into a battle because there are so many variables that influence how the battle plays out , as well as its outcome . You have to know your weapons , characters , enemies , spells , and items very well . So you do n't have to worry about Sudeki being shallow.The only blemish on this beautiful gem of a game is that the melee combat controls for Tal and Buki are sluggish and unresponsive . Also , the camera does not work as well as it should for melee combat . Given time and practice , it is possible to overcome these deficiencies , but they should have been ironed out in testing . Most of the time you do n't even have to play as your melee fighters . You can play as Elco or Ailish , who do all of their fighting in first-person . In this way you act as kind of a director , watching the action unfold , helping each fighter as they need it , and unleashing Skill Strikes when things get a bit too hairy.The graphics and animations in Sudeki are top notch . It is clearly one of the best looking Xbox games ever made . Visual effects for magical attacks are heart-breakingly beautiful . The writing and voice acting is high caliber , and the story is quite unique . Do yourself a favor and stop listening to all the voices in the media that tell you what you should and should not like . Give Sudeki a chance and I think you will be rewarded .
 After playing a very interesting demo of this game , these are the details that I could muster :1 . There are four controllable characters that each have their separate styles of combat -LRB- much like Brute Force -RRB- 2 . Outside of combat , each character has a unique ability to interact with the surroundings -LRB- ie
 I really enjoyed this game and found the graphics to be pretty darn good for the XBOX . It was n't made to be a KOTOR or Morrowind ! It is linear with some side quests for earning XP , items , and money . You can take your time in each area and do all the extra quests , or continue on with the storyline . The spell effects and particle effects are really good . In my opion the voice overs and surround sound were also done rather well.This game will require some skill and strategy in combat , because you can switch between 4 characters . Each one of them has their own strengths and skills needed for battles . Once you learn how to use combos and create the right magical weapons , the battles are much easier . Sure Fable will probably be better , but why not play this one too ! The journey through this game was very enjoyable ! If nothing else then at least try renting this game , but keep in mind that the manual has some good information on each character .
 I have loved this game every since i bought it back in ' 06 . i do agree its a bit short , wish it were longer , but i love every aspect of it and the characters and the landscape .
 Remeber back in the 80 's playing the arcade machines and you had Space Ace and Dragons Lair . They have done a nice job even better than the orginal in the 80 's in duplicating these games . You 'll like playing it . I think it 's worth buying for your collection of oldes !
 I have never played this game and I am happy I bought it from here . It came in nice packaging and the games and cases looked like new .
 This bag is definately worth the money . It is super padded and fits everything for the 360 . Its officially liscensed . I bought this because I wanted to carry my 360 on the airplane with me . Inside you can fit the power brick , the cables , 4 controllers , and the console . My ony complaint is that if you have 4 controllers like I do , then you more than likely have to put other accessories such as headset , etc into another bag . The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of five is because you cant really fit any games into it . They should have made an extra zipper pouch on the front for games in my opinion . You can definately fit one game though right next to the console . And you shouldnt travel with a game in your 360 , so if you are going to a friends house , you will need an extra bag or disc case for your games . But overall it looks great and does what it is supposed to do and that is protect my 400 console . I reccomend it to anyone traveling or for transporting it anywhere .
 It is a good looking bag . It 's also very confortable and strong where you can place your Xbox 360 , its cables , 4 controls and about 6 games . Also have side pockets to store your xbox 's cooler fans or other devices . If you would like to take your xbox 360 on a trip , this is the bag .
 The bag works great for the 360 and its cords but the lack of extra space for a couple games ruins the whole less luggage idea .
 No place to put games , I am able to fit two in with the console . Fiber on back side of bag easily begins to look freyed .
 For those of us who like to take there 360 to friends houses or other social gatherings ? Finding a way to transport our lovely consoles around has always been a challenge . I mean really , would you want to put something you paid $ 300 + in a backpack that 's seen better days?With the Xbox 360 Messenger Bag , it solves all the transport problems you need . The design of the bag is quite simple . It has a Main pocket and a Middle pocket . The Main Pocket is where you store your Xbox 360 console . However , at the bottom of the main pocket , there is a padded divider which folds up allowing you to store your AV cables , Power pack and Power Cord . Once the power cords are stored the divider folds down and acts as a padded floor for your 360 to sit on.Once your 360 is situated inside the main pocket , the extra padding in the pocket allows for extra protection for your console . Once your 360 is situated in the bag , now you need to put your controllers in there . That 's where your middle pocket comes in . The middle pocket is capable of holding up to 4 360 controllers . Beyond that are two side pockets and one mesh-zipped pocket that are located in front of the middle pocket followed by 2 mesh pockets on each side of the bag which are great for storing extra cables you might have.And now for the cons : Clearly , this bag was designed for the majority of 360 gamers who have gone wireless or have the basic accessories that came with their 360 . After packing all of my gear into the bag , it became very clear that there would be no more room for extra accessories that I might consider getting in the future -LRB- I even had trouble finding room for myXbox 360 Intercooler - Black -RRB- . Beside room for extra accessories , there is absolutely NO room for you to store your game 's . If you 're one of those types who prefer to carry your games in their original Xbox 360 cases , then you might want to consider using either a plastic bag or use a CD case because you might have room for one or two games based on if you know where to put them and it was really easy for me since I only have two wireless controllers in the middle pocket and I only own two games.So if your a basic gamer who just likes to hang out at a friends house and play a few of your favorite games with your buddies , then this is something you should have to help transport your console there .
 Overall this bag is great!well ... . maybe not the price ??? i got mine on clearance at target for 12 dollars ... Anyway!great design for those more careful people . . I would recommend a Hard case for anything long distance ... but picking up and moving to a friends house is most deff . doable with this product !!
 This Bag Is The Best But The Only Problem Is U Can Fit Only One Game
 For those that are strategically and statistically-inclined , you are going to enjoy this game . It allows you to run a Major League baseball team , like an owner , general manager , and manager , all rolled into one , with control over roster personnel , trades , salary negotiations , lineups , etc. . Moreover , you can choose to run any team at any time in baseball history -LRB- at least going back to 1901 -RRB- , with an additional option for control of in-game strategy , if you so choose . If you are more inclined to the grad scheme of running a team , and not individual game play , likewise , you can play your team in simulation mode for as long as you want -LRB- including multiple seasons -RRB- . One of the best ways to detect a video game 's progression is its continual improvements . The first Baseball Moguls typically had problems with minor league player development , salaries , and drafts -LRB- which in the older versions were always after the season -RRB- . No more . In the 2008 version , your drafts are held during the season in June , as the real ones are , and your minor league player development is dependent on not just length of time playing at a certain level before promotion , but also the amount of money you organizationally spend on your minor league teams.Another improvement is the historically-accurate variation of stadium fences , seat numbers , etc. , of individual stadiums , including the switchover to new stadiums for individual teams . So , if you are managing the Houston Astros in 1999 , your next season will automatically transfer your home stadium over to Minute Maid Park . This is a drastic change from the old Astro Dome . In addition , you also possess the ability to manipulate and/or cheat by putting the game in Commissioner Mode and skewing league revenue sharing , team salaries , player/pitcher skills , etc. , as well as control your difficulty level of play -LRB- from the easy fan to more difficult mogul setting -RRB- . All in all , this is a nice antidote to the graphics-oriented video baseball games that are more worried about visual realism of someone 's slide than the real variables that determine an outcome of a game . If you are an aspiring baseball fan with a love for the nuances of the game , BM 2008 is for you .
 I 'll assume most of you know the Baseball Mogul series , so I 'll talk about the strengths and weaknesses of the 2008 release , rather than going over the basics of how the game works.Overall , the game is still fun , but there 's too much that they have n't fixed or improved . These are all problems that have been with the game since previous releases , and that the game-makers , for whatever reason , keep failing to deal with :1 . The box scores are still presented in a very strange format , not the AB-R-H-RBI format that all baseball fans know and love . Same goes with pitchers ' stats in box scores
 I usually start my game in 1901 and go far into the future . It is fairly easy for me to win most of the World Series titles even on the most difficult setting . I guess that 's not too realistic , but the fun is in the numbers-setting new records , getting 300 wins , getting 3000 hits setting the single season HR so high even Bonds could n't break it , etc. . I also enjoy learning the history of old time players . Baseball Mogul makes me so curious about the players I look them up on Wikipedia . My baseball knowledge has grown immensely because of the game . Some of those old-timer were really characters such as Rube Waddell or Mike Donlin . Whenever I start a new game from 1901 I find myself trading for my favorite players . Roger Bresnahan probably tops list . My line up is never complete unless Roger is the catcher.As another reviewer stated it is fairly easy to get an all-star lineup , but having all-stars does not guarentee a title . In the game I am playing now my starting rotation includes Walter Johnson , Pete Alexander , Dutch Leonard , Herb Pennock and Eddie Cicotte . Not exactly slouches , but I 've finished 2nd the last two seasons after a string of 5 titles.I deducted 1 star because of bugs . Even with the latest patch -LRB- 10.14 ? -RRB- there are some problems .
 Great Game if you get into stats and want to run a team without all the graphic interface and baseball game details , yet you still can take control of the day to day couching if you like .
 this game is , too me , very addictive . it allows you to play as a fan , manager or mogul . you choose a year , select a team and build that team the way you want , you then play the years schedule and see the results . you also have to contend with injuries , players getting tired , players feelings about the club . it is pretty involving and its fun .
 This is one of the most fun games i have ever played it allows u to control a team from 1901 to present with the actual rosters from that year . and after 2007 u can play 100 years into the future . This game is very statistical . u can choose from over 70 sortable stats . If u dont have it buy it . the only flaw in this game is the glich were u can here the sound of the ball going into the glove before it acctually happens . other than that this is one of the top 3 games i have ever played
 I found this game very addictive . It is just like a real baseball game . I 'm having a great time playing different teams & years !!! I highly recommened this game !!
 Good game , but a little on the boring side . Would be better if they would fix the injuries ! Too many !
 Good game , lots of fun for people who enjoy the somewhat intense sim games like this one .
 This is a great strategic game . If you like sports and enjoy strategic planning , this is a great game .
 I think think it 's just an incredible game . I love anything Egyptian but this game was better than that . It 's extremely fun and challenging although it 's quite hard . Some of the things are really hard to solve and some take really long to solve . It 's not really a game for impatient people but just so fun , that wo n't matter anymore . It 's an awesome game and just so real looking that it 's amazing !
 I loved playing this game ! I 've played it several times through . Some of the puzzles required some time , and since I 'm not that great -LRB- or that patient ! -RRB- at solving puzzles , I did use a walkthrough at times , but the game always maintained my interest . There 's very little pixel-hunting . I liked the feature of the cursor turning to warp speed whenever I re-traced my steps , because it cut way down on tedious mouse-clicking . I found myself truly immersed in the great pyramids of Egypt . Sometimes I found myself thinking about the game during the day and had to find the time to play it again . Each new screen was more intriguing and beautiful than the prior one , drawing me forward very willingly through the game . The ambient sounds and background music were so perfect - enjoyable without ever intruding . From what I 've read , all the artifacts and writings are well-researched and accurate . I thought the ending worked quite well ! As an adult , I enjoyed ROTS very much , and with a rating appropriate for Everyone , what 's not to like ?!
 This series might start getting more press now that they had a segment on X-Play stating it 's one of the `` best games you 've never played '' . The Legacy of Kain series of games plays more like a movie than any other series around . The characters are fully developed and the voice acting is top notch . They are veterans of shows like GI Joe , Transformers , and Buffy the vampire slayer . One was even in the pilot episode of Star Trek TNG . The best voice acting EVER . period . The characters actually look like they are speaking the words , not just randomly moving thier jaws up and down.The story is very complex , perhaps too complex for some people , but it rivals that of many movies in the box office , in my opinion . I would recommend playing all the games in the series , with maybe the exeption of the original blood omen -LRB- I have n't played it but long to . -RRB- Do n't let the fact that the main characters are vampires fool you . Forget everything you know about Lestat or Dracula . These ai n't your fathers old bloodsuckers . The game is set in a gothic world of immense proportions with a lush history that unfolds over all 5 of the games . Add in the option to own the games on virtually any platform ... heaven for console and pc gamers alike .
 This is the funniest I ever had with an action platform . It has got great background music , great visuals , intense and emotional characterization and a deep and immersive story that spans time , fate , death , life and paradox . If you like fun action , puzzles , fighting and games that make you think about characters motivations than this is the game you wo n't to have . In any version .
 The story line is a great addition to the legacy of kain series , I actually played this one first then went to soul reaver 1 . It really did n't matter , I had the story down and none of the suprises in the 2nd one ruined the first.The combat is great , I love throwing spears at enemies or burning vampires after they 've given me a hard time fighting them.Also there 's a great deal of survival instinct in this game as you can live on a sliver of life if you are careful and still get through many bad guys as you get more accustomed to the controls.Overall , great game and very nice price for something of this quality . The graphics accent the story , which is the best part of the game , and you will love this game if you have already played soul reaver 1 , or any of the Legacy of Kain series .
 Man u guys are stupid sure the game has no point and absolutly no story . But it has some great fighting and you can even grab and beat people up . Me and my friends loved it regardless of whether we read the book or not . Also , if you like lord of the rings return of the king this is your game it is a lot like that and i myself like it . Sure it can be a little repteatative but very entertatining i reccommened . Also getting 1000 Gamerscore for this game is extremly easy
 Game type
 Yes this game is very easy , but it is a lot of fun . I played this with my son and we finished the game in about 10 hours . The cheat codes make it even easier . Flying the dragon takes some work and we change controllers so I ride and my son flies.I do n't think this is for people who take gaming too seriously .
 This game is great . each level is EXTREMLEY LONG . It never got boring , and I wish there was even more.Thats how fun it was.The graphics are spectacular , and the levels have a puzzle action adventure theme.Buy it NOW .
 what a cool item ! if have recently bought a ps one and you do n't have this , you are missing the party , cause you can take wherever you want it plus , sooner there will be an also portable lcd screen , with this 3 items you could play with a bunch of friends virtually anywhere and everything with that cool white look there 's a lot of great party games like crash bash , you do n't know jack , bomberman and others this one is better than the interact 's -LRB- cause is too bulky -RRB- so , what are you waiting for ?
 If you 've got more than one friend that would like to play games with you -- and if you have the right games -- then this is a tremendous accessory.Here 's a short list of games that support the multitap to get you started : NBA Live -LRB- any year -RRB- most any soccer game -LRB- like the FIFA series -RRB- Poy Poy -LRB- 4 players hitting each other with rocks and trees ! -RRB- Bomberman WorldNeed For Speed 5Circuit BreakersHot Shots Golf 2 & 3Gauntlet
 Multitap lets you play with up to 3 people other than yourself . There is only two problems . 1 . It does not include any controllers . 2 . There are not many games that let you play with more than 2 people . -LRB- The only games I know is Frogger , and Crash Team Racing . -RRB- I think you should buy this after you have gotten at least 4 games that let you use Multitap .
 I really liked the adapter . I recommend this article as it is a very useful accessory for Play Station 2 .
 I think this is a great addition to any Playstation . It is fun , but you do need certain controllers to use . I still ca n't figure out how to use the 4 extra memory card slots but overall , I 'd give it 4 stars .
 You need multi-player games ... yes you do . Basically this means , it will be mostly played with sports games . If you do n't have sports games , then you wo n't find much use for the multi-tap since most of the other games are 1-2 players , or their 2 + player mode is more limited .
 This is great . We have 6 children ; 5 of which are old enough to play video games . They would always fight before about who 's turn it was to play . Now they 're all able to play , and it makes playing games more fun for them .
 what a cool item ! if have recently bought a ps one and you do n't have this , you are missing the party , cause you can take wherever you want it plus , sooner there will be an also portable lcd screen , with this 3 items you could play with a bunch of friends virtually anywhere and everything with that cool white look there 's a lot of great party games like crash bash , you do n't know jack , bomberman and others this one is better than the interact 's -LRB- cause is too bulky -RRB- so , what are you waiting for ?
 This games is really fun . I really like the missions and weapons , however , there are some problems . The first problem is that whenever you get to a checkpoint and turn off the game you do n't restart at the checkpoint but at the beginning of the mission . Another thing is that your soldier ca n't jump which can get really annoying sometimes . The last problem is that some levels are really hard , for example
 Killzone ? On the PSP ? Really ? An FPS on a tiny , handeheld system with no second analogue stick ? I had my doubts . I mean , I did n't much care for the original Killzone on the PS2 . Still , I gave it a try , mostly because at this time , the PSP did n't have too many games on the shelves.First of all , it is not an FPS . It 's a top-down shooter . Which is okay , I was dreading an FPS . I started my game , ran around , guns blazing , blasting every Helghast I saw , and was taken out in no time flat . This game actually recqures some tactical thinking . I had to find cover , keep an eye on my ammo , know how fast my weapons fired and reloaded , know how the enemies reacted , keep an eye out for environmental hazards like mines and homing spider mines , and more , all at the same time ! So I stopped my blind running-and-gunning and started paying attention to what was going on in the battlefield . Your Helghast enemies are smart , ruthless , and any one of them can take you out just as fast as you can take them out . They find cover , fire when you 're reloading , flank you , send dogs after you ... man ! That was a surprise , I expected them to be nothing more than simple cannon fodder . There are vehicles that you can comandeer , which offer an interesting change to the usual style of play . Not to mention the challenges to help you net newer and better weapons . And , every now and again , you 're partnered up with an ally , who -LRB- refreshingly -RRB- does not recquire you to babysit them . They listen to commands and I never , ever , had to tell them to do something more than once.Keep in mind , though , that you will probably die a lot . The game has some serious challenges to throw at you , and it is n't hesitant to start sending them your way . It may take several tries to pass some levels . It tooke me a few days -LRB- Days ! -RRB- to get past the refinery section of the game . I was frustrated and tempted to leave the game to collect dust ! But , when I finally did pass it , was it satisfying.Graphically , the game looks great . The Helghast are appropiately creepy with their glowing eyes and their gutteral cries in the heat of battle . the landscapes you fight across are nicely rendered and everything is animated nicely . The sound is terrific , with the of rife fire , bullet ricochet , grenade explosions , and the deet-deet-deet sound of a spider mine that will instantly send you back peddaling for cover.Ultimately , for all the good it 's got going for it , it is on the short side , which is a major knock against it . And , it also just kinda ... ends . I know there were some extra levels to download from Guerilla , but i was never able to do so . For what it is , though , the game is a blast . But keep in mind the length of the game in comparison to the price of it , and be sure you get a deal . And do n't say I did n't warn you about the frequent deaths ...
 I love this game . I am not normally the type of person who really enjoys games of any type . -LRB- Althought I am a member of the recent guitar hero craze . -RRB- But I bought this game after spending almost three hours on my younger cousin 's psp . This game is the reason why I bought the psp . I reached the third level just today . Great game if you like to stratagize in a shooter game.I am looking forward to adding more games to my collection . This is a great game and I really want them to add a third game . Love it .
 I read some of the other reviews stating that they died over and over again . This game is actually very easy and there is also a difficulty selection thing where you can pick easy normal or hard.This game is really fun . It is the best game I own for the psp as of now . I like how you can beat it on easy then normal then hard and unlock different things for each . The story is awesome and gets even more interesting after you unlock the background story of each character . Game play is is incredible and interesting because its third person shooter done the right way.The greater part is in the extra downloads you can get from the menu . In total they take up about 700 megabytes of your memory stick but its worth it . The first download is for Combat Zone Infrastructure mode in which you can play online with a wide selection of maps , modes , time limits , and weapons . There are no advantages in online play except skill and experience . The second download is even better than the first . It has an entire new chapter to the campaign mode with all new weapons and vehicles . The great part is that it also adds two new maps and game modes for online play which is incredible.This game is a must have and very recommended .
 I ca n't count the number of bugs in this game . From the snipers that shoot you through cover to the smoke grenades not covering your advance . It 's just a shame there is so many . I could n't dream playing this game on anything above normal difficulty.The other thing is this game takes alot of trail and error . Especially on the bugged parts of the game and where enemies shoot you off the screen . Check points are n't to bad . But they also get bugged . Say your going the right way and you get a check point . You decide to check the other way to see if you missed anything ... `` Check point '' it says ... OK ... Now you die and go to the 2nd check point . Do your search all over and then head back ... Not all is bad with this game . That 's why I gave it 4 stars . There is money to get and points to unlock extra and new abilities . You unlock other things like wall paper ... But the downside is you have to go on the internet to get it.It took me around 8 + hours to beat the game . That was on easy . So you get alot of bang for your buck . I 'm sure if I played again , I could player faster then 8 hours .
 the PSP is limited by having only one analog stick , and PSP users know when playing FPS games it becomes so frustrating . This game instead is a third person shooter , basically overhead , and the creators made this game as fun as it could be on the PSP . you aim and shoot with the analog , you get grenades , a lot of weapons , after missions you are rewarded based on your performance and uncovering of veteran money , basically you use this to buy more cool weapons . there are plenty of weapons , features , missions and they included an update to bring another act with several missions as a free bonus , plus they included an update for free online play . a great package and a great PSP game with an entertaining story line , fun game play and rich graphics .
 This game provided the most fun that I have had so far with my PSP . Stellar graphics and high level of difficulty is what I enjoyed the most . I agree that the controls are not the best and take a long time to master and even then you do a lot of hit-n-miss . Placement of controls on the PSP console does not go very well with game controls and causes pain after 1-2 hours of continuous play . Game designers should have thought about it . I disagree with other reviewers about auto-aim feature . It is not accurate for sure , however , that makes the game more fun and difficult rather than frustrating.One weakness that I noticed
 First off let me say for the price , this game is a steal . I have bought about 8 games for the PSP , and this is one I keep coming back to for a quick mission or a few online maps . The game is not a first person shooter and is not comparable to one . I am very skilled at PC FPS , and this is not meant to be nearly as technical . It 's not such a huge challenge as some make it out to be . I remember in the original mario you could not even save and when you died it was restart the whoooole map . Beating some bosses is a lot like learning a map , just takes time -LRB- especially if you do not strafe -RRB- . There are plenty of weapons and power ups to unlock . Finish the game , find all the weapons and complete the side challenges , earn your perks then you can just run around and shoot the piss out of anything , which I do enjoy :P Honestly , online is my favorite aspect of this game -LRB- except the hand grenades are lame and some poor coding shows -RRB- . If you suck at this game at first , go online against a few `` live '' targets learn how to move and come back . It will be much simpler . Easy controls , target lock on , strafe , highly overpowered pistol -LRB- hand cannon , best weapon -RRB- . If you enjoyed arcade 3rd person shooters -LRB- Commando -RRB- or side scrollers -LRB- Contra -RRB- back in the day this game is for you and is a must own on PSP.Pros : Good Waste of Time . Good price for replay value , which is fairly high . Good online mode which balances the short game and download allows you to `` patch '' an additional campaign . Several side quests , perks to earn.Cons : Occasional frame rate chop . Fairly short game . Would liked to have seen a Survival Mode for best time against infinite enemies.Overall
 Let me first say , that I do n't ever regret buying this game . People complain about the weird 3rd person view , but I think that it beats even first person shooter view . Especially on the PSP . It is the perfect portable game . Missions are especially long , and it is a totally cool looking game to `` wow '' your friends!Right now , they are beta testing the `` Infrastructure '' mode for the game . I am part of the Beta Test , and the online mode is even more fun than the single player !! You wo n't regret getting Killzone
 This is a solid TPS that the PSP despraitlly needed . with gorgous CG cutscenes & great controlls ; this is now 1 of the best franchises on PSP . -LRB- SOCOM , GTA , Syphon philter , & now killzone -RRB- But where ` s the promised online play ? well ill tell u
 When I got first got this game I was n't too in to it . But I gave it a chance and found that this is a very great action packed game . One of the best on the PSP .
 Killzone liberation is a very good game . It has great graphics , controls , weapons , and sound . I bought the game for about $ 25 from amazon and it was worth it . The problem lies with the replay value . It is very fun until you beat everything you possibly can . Multiplayer is included , but it isnt online . However , there is a patch coming out that you will be able to download from your psp . It will include a whole new chapter . -LRB- 4 levels -RRB- Also , it will include an online multiplayer mode . When the online patch comes out , I will give this game a 5/5 . Until then , it gets a 4/5 . Good game in the end .
 Forget what you have read previously ... this game is NOT THAT difficult if you have any ounce of patience you will do well in this game -LRB- and this is coming form a person that DOES NOT consider himself to be a Hardcore gamer -RRB- . I will say however that it is challenging , which is exactly what I look for in a game , that and a high fun factor . And man is this game fun . I mean who wants a game they can beat or run through in one sitting ? Onto to the review : Graphics
 Disculpen que lo escriba en espa & ntilde ; ol ... Para las opciones que existen actualmente en PSP , recomiendo ciertamente este juego . La perspectiva de tercera persona es simplemente &uacute;nica y divertida , el juego es muy completo y garantiza varias horas de entretenimiento . Las escenas cinematogr&aacute;ficas son de alta calidad , que en la pantalla del PSP se ven incre&iacute;bles!Con respecto al juego en linea , es igual de bueno o quiz&aacute;s mejor ; entre las distintas opciones de juego , seguro vas a tener mucho tiempo ocupado con este titulo . -LRB- posee una pagina en varios idiomas con soporte sobre el juego y organizaci&oacute;n de clanes -RRB- De los juegos existente , lo aconsejo como parte de tu colecci&oacute;n . 10/10
 Killzone
 Killzone Liberation for the PSP is a good reason to buy a PSP . Beautiful graphics ; challenging play ; multiple modes with multiplayer capability . I enjoyed KZ for the PS2 , but this is even better .
 Finished the game a few times its one of those games you just like to keep playing no matter how amny times you win it .
 My son was so excited to get this game in the mail . He checked it every day . He plays it all the time .
 Quickie out of 5 : Graphics - 4Gameplay - 5Sound - 4Story - 4My Tilt - 5Overall = 4.4 Do you know what Killzone is ? No ? Good.If you do ... forget it.Killzone
 I 've wanted this game for a while , but waited until it became a Greatest Hits title to pick it up for $ 20 . The graphics are nice , the story is cool -LRB- a little Bond feel to it -RRB- , the learning curve is small , the perspective -LRB- almost bird 's eye -RRB- fits the PSP well , and there is downloadable content available that adds an extra chapter as well as infrastructure mode for playing online.If you like action , pick it up !
 occupied time overseas . online bonus content is cool since most games have the option but do n't live up to what they say . wipeout pulse has good on-line as well .
 I love the style and the look of the game . The cinematic `` cut-scenes '' are spectacular and rival those of PS2 . The game play is great ! The top-down view is reminiscent of some of the `` Contra '' games of the PS1 era . I do find it hard to play straight through the game because of the advanced difficulty level . You will die quite a bit . This has never caused me frustration , however , it only excites me to play more . The game is perfect for smaller chunks of time i.e. car/airplane rides.The Killzone series is a great one ! I highly recommend both games to anyone who has n't tried them !
 Sadly the single player of Killzone Liberation receives a lot of complaints . Apparently Guerrilla has gone w / the old school approach of making you die a lot before you can complete a level.Thankfully they have added checkpoints , but unfortunately those checkpoints disappear when you exit the game , you can only save after you complete a level , and with some levels requiring multiple attempts and 20 minutes + of trial and error this really kills any hope of the portable single player mode being balanced towards 5 minute playbursts.Luckily they have spent a lot of work on a full blown 8 player multiplayer online mode that more than makes up for it . The balance of PvP really destroys the pseudo balance of the single player . Online everyone has the same chance . Strategy , timing and skill are what distance one player from the next.There are maps and modes to customize , basically if you have 10 minutes to spare and are near wireless , going online w / killzone is something you will not forget.They have even added contant packs for free ! Something that most shooters now charge for.It really is 2 different games as enjoyable as the single player is , it can get very annoying doing the exact same thing over and over in the hopes that some cheap grenade or spider wo n't force a restart.Online all cheapness is gone as you can get the jump on someone , change weapons , heal team mates the works.This is a ca n't miss game for those with wireless . For those without it , you are missing out on the PSP 's 2nd best feature . -LRB- number one is obviously the gorgeous screen .
 Overall , I found this game a lot of fun and a medium level of challenge . I will say up front that this game is not for younger gamers as the violence and language of the game is a bit extreme . Overall , the game was about what I expected from a third-person shooter . Here is the breakdown : Good : - Unique third person view
 This game has it all . Fantastic graphics
 This game is very different from the other shooters that are out there . As the description says , it is a `` third person '' perspective , so your character is basically in the middle of the screen and you are looking down on him . You are navigating your way through an alien-industrial warzone , fighting alien soldiers , avoiding mines -LRB- some that can chase you -RRB- and trying to rescue your allies . Your character is bascially out in the open , so you can get attacked from both sides at once.The first level or two were very easy , then it started getting hard . I found it pretty frustrating until I learned to shoot then dodge , shoot then dodge . It takes some getting used to , but it is pretty cool once you get into it . It is good to play some of the challenge levels so that you can earn upgrades for your character -LRB- ability to carry more grenades , body armor , etc. -RRB- . Overall , a very good game . If you like shooters , you 'll probably like this one.The good : - Good story - There are checkpoints , so you do n't have to start levels over at the beginning - You can find weapons and health throughout the levels , which help you to keep moving - You can improve your character by playing the challenge levels - Variety of modes - sometimes you walk alone , sometimes you have a buddy who you can issue orders to , sometimes you ride a tank or boatThe bad : - Things on the screen are very small . - It can get difficult pretty quickly . You may find yourself playing forward from a checkpoint quite a few times before you figure it out .
 This game is a totally new take on the Killzone franchise . It throws out the first person view and goes third person . It has a third person top down view which is a great thing . Great graphics , loads of weapons at your arsenal , and great controls are all factors of this game . The gameplay itself is great better than most psp games . A must buy for any PSP owner .
 Great game it is fun and good . if you want kill zone 2 then get this game so you can get what the story is and all . its a great game for the PSP i recommend it .
 The single player campaign of this game is fun and very , very challenging . Having played the first Killzone for the PS2 is not required for being up to snuff on this PSP title . The game is short on plot , but long on beautifully frustrating action.As you 've probably read before , the game 's camera looks down from a third person `` bird 's eye '' perspective , which zooms in and out depending on how many enemies are on the screen and where they are . This allows for a tactical element missing from the FPS Killzone on the PS2 . You will get really good at ducking behind walls and crates , the pop-and-shoot method of dealing damage without taking much , diving , grenade tossing , and all that fun stuff . Vektan money is hidden in each level in the form of briefcases you can find in crates scattered around . Finding these cases will upgrade your weapons , so it is definitely in your best interest to get as many as you can . Also , once you beat an entire chapter -LRB- 4 total , with 4 missions per chapter -RRB- , you will unlock challenge missions which , when completed , will bestow useful abilities , such as carrying more grenades or having unlimited ammunition.You will also occasionally be paired up with an AI controlled ally , whom you can order to move to different spots on the screen , to attack a certain enemy , or to perform a context-sensitive action , such as planting C4 or disarming a trip mine . Yes , very tactical , very useful , and very fun . However , this game is not for the more casual of players . Even on the easy diffulty setting , you will die . You will die a lot . By the time I finished the game on normal , I had died 173 times . That 's right , 173 deaths in a game that took me around eight hours of gameplay to complete . Granted , I replayed levels to find all of the Vektan Money . Playing straight through without regards to these hidden items could conceivably only take a player maybe four hours to complete the first time through . The point is , the enemies are n't stupid ; they 're well-armed , they 're not easy to kill , and there are lots of them . But , if you can resist that temptation to shatter your PSP against the wall halfway through , you will be rewarded with intense and satisfying gameplay.The biggest problem lies in replay value . Beating each mission on each difficulty setting is valuable , because it unlocks player skins to be used in multiplayer . But once you 've done that , and beaten all challenge missions , there 's really no reason to go back to the single player campaign , and you 've only invested 15 hours or so into it . That was disappointing for me.Luckily , Killzone
 This game is very entertaining and terrbily challenging . I would recommend playing in a padded room because when you get towards the end of the game you will probably get so frustrated as to throw your psp against the wall ...
 Played this for about and hour and I found myself a little challenged . I like the AI they included in the game which makes it easier shooting your target -LRB- s -RRB- . This looks like a promising game so this would be a keeper . I prefer this type of action games rather than first person shooter which , a lot harder to control than a thumb stick -LRB- joystick -RRB- .
 I actually did n't purchase this game for myself , rather it was a gift for my husband . He raves about it and plays it often .
 Killzone : Liberation is the best 3rd person shooter game for the psp ! I love playing this game ! Best graphics and sound too !
 This game is really fun . I enjoy killing things on the go . Sadly enough I have not played this for a long while . Perhaps one day I 'll get back into this game ... . then again , maybe not . Only time will tell . But it does have some really fun gameplay .
 After playing the demo of this game , I can only say that I was very impressed . For a fighting game , the graphics were fantastic , with DJ 's and cage dancers in the demo level . The characters look great , and for the most part the rappers do n't disappoint . Redman and Method Man looked good , and I am excited about DMX and Ludacris . I just wish that all of the rap labels had released artists . Where 's Dr. Dre , Snoop Dogg , and Eminem when you need them ?! Aside from the rappers , the other fighters look good . They really look like a gangsta from the depths of the Bronx ! The sound was good , especially the sound effects . The crowd sounds realistic as well do the fighters . The taunts are cool , and the moves that each character has are out of this world ! If you want bad , this game has it all ! The levels look good , with crawling , living city environments . It 's like a scene out of Training Day . The interface was good , and the controls were comfortable and easy to get used to . The other features and gameplay elements look good as well , even though they were n't included in the demo version . I have a lot of hope for Ea Sports BIG , because they have produced such fine games as SSX Tricky and Street Hoops . Who 's Bad?After playing the full version of the game , I was even more impressed . There are many awesome fighters , and even girlfriends , which are exactly as they sound . Each girlfriend out of the five , has the ability to fight and they have pictures , featuring REAL HOT real models , not animated ones . You choose your girlfriend , and you can dump her each time a new one comes along , and she fights and stands by your side . The hottest girl is Deja , by far , but that is of course personal opinion . This feature makes the game even more fun than it already is . The levels are awesome , but there are just too few of them . Multiplayer is great , but the single player mode is extrewmely short . I beat it in two short days ! DJV is great fun for rapper or wrestling fans , and it throws out the old wrestling games and brings forth a new style of game . This is the new master of the PS2 and Gamecube rings !
 This game was really good.But if all you parents are questioned on is this appropiate for my child?I 'd say if they are young it 's inappropiate.Because some characters might say the B word or the a word and the d word.Its gangsta violent and girls will fight over men.Rap music is always going on but the music they play is clean rap not explict lyrics rap .
 This is the greatest wrestling game ever created!It features characters such as DMX , Redman , Methodman , and Ludacris.You get to fight in differnt arenas and have differnt types of matches.I recommend you buy this game .
 Why play WWE Smackdown when you can play Def Jam Vendetta . the ultimate rappers go face to face in this pack a wallup ! Featuring , Ludarcis , DMX and many more . blood all over the ring !
 OK I am a big fan of fighting/wrestling games such as WWE SmackDown ! series , Tekken amongst other.I ` m wondering if Def Jam : Vendetta is worth a buy.First of all i ` m not a fan of music , I only listen to some every now and again , so I probably wo n`t know half the guys on its character roster.But I do n`t care about all that , I ` m wondering if the actual wrestling gameplay is good , I heard its similar to WWF No Mercy , the best wrestling game on N64 and I loved it.If so , after i finsih the game i will purchase DJ : Fight For N.Y. and any future sequels after that.I ` m the more `` start from the beginning '' person , thats why i am want to try DJ : V first.Please anyone who write the next review please say whether its the wrestling game for me or should i skip it.By the way , I may not be a fan of music , but I can put up with hip-hop/rap any day , only if most of the songs are not full of explicit lyrics.Isit a YES or NO , thanks anyways bye.by ThizzyThroatSlam122 .
 this game rules . i am probably the worst video gamer on the face of the planet . do n't listen 2 anybody else . it is mad eazy . buy it even though it might get boooooooooooooring in 2 weekz .
 This game is cool but they realy have to put create a player and a bigger story mode and put in some wepons.I am realy looking forword to the release of Def Jam 2 and hopefuly it will be better but still a realy fun game !!!!!!!!!!
 I played the demo version for the game . the game is okay but its just like WWF No Mercy for N64 . Well the grappling is at least . Some people wondering why Rappers like Eminem and Dr.Dre arent in it ? It 's because its only rappers of DEF JAM RECORDS Hence the name DEF JAM vendetta . Maybe Shady will come out with Shad Vendetta .
 This game is pretty good . The only problem is it 's kind of hard . If you had the strongest guy in the game , and were fighting the weakest girl , and tried to do a powerbomb , she 'd reverse you every time . There 's over 40 characters in the game . You have to unlock most of them in story mode . The story mode is good . Once you get a girlfriend , other girls will fight her over you .
 its all right kinda easy though . i only had trouble with about 5 fights but after a couple more goes i beat them .
 First of all I just wan na say I 'm so tired of these stupid fools who think they know music . LL Cool J did n't sign with Def Jam until the game was already out . And Ja-Rule and Jay-Z are n't with Def Jam . Jay-Z is with Roc-a-fella and Jarule is with murder . Both labels are just in association with Def Jam . And so what if they did n't put every single Def Jam artists in the game . They got Method , Redman , Luda , Scarface , Ghostface , WC , Funkmasterflex , Capone , Nore , and DMX . What more do they need ? Anyway what I liked most about this game was the beginning intro and how realstic the story and characters were . It makes you feel like you really street fighting for money and taking out a superior mob of gangsters . Buy it today .
 What can I say ? This game , created by the geniuses at AKI and published by EA Big , is an excellent game with alot of replay value if you 've got a bunch of friends . The music is off the hizzle fo shizzle , as the game features some track that -LRB- had n't -RRB- have n't even been released yet . The graphics are cartoon-like without looking stupid , and all the Def Jam artists are well represented . The game uses a modified version of AKI 's wrestling engine made famous by it 's N64 wrestling titles and transfers very well to the DS2 . Single player mode is challenging without being frustration , and since the game keeps detailed records , bragging rights between you and your friends will be hard to mantain . I wish they would 've added some backstage arenas and weapons to spice things up -LRB- a ladder match would have been nice too -RRB- , but hey ; that 's what sequels are for .
 This game rocks . Sure it has no CAW mode but it still is great . The only complaint I have is I wish there was more real rappers . This game has excellent graphics and entertaining story line . There are many things to unlock like characters , arenas , and outfits . I rented the game and as soon as I can I 'm gon na buy it !
 I first played the demo for this game on the demo cd for February 's issue of PlayStation Underground ... it was great ... sure the loading time took a while ... but that was just the demo . I rented the game afterward , and the loading time is 50 times faster . The storyline is great , your friend needs help because of his debts to D-Mob , the fighting club president type guy . He -LRB- your friend , Manny -RRB- would fight but can not due to a broken arm -RRB- . This D-Mob character took your girlfriend and beat -LSB- you -RSB- down some time ago . So you get in the ring for your friend and the story goes on from there ... This game is great ! It is very addicting , I was constantly playing with my mother yelling at me to stop . And due to my non-stop gameplay even during meal times , I managed to beat the game in two full days.Buy this game you will not regret it ... the game -LSB- is great -RSB- ! P.S. . This game features some great artists like Ludacris , DMX , N.O.R.E. , Capone , Redman , Methodman , and many , many more !
 this game is not fun enough ... you get tired of it in 2 days ... ive rent it and i wasnt pleased ... oh and if you play this game your controller is the one getting hurt not the oponent ...
 Ever since I played Pro Wrestling on the original NES , I have n't found a wrestling game I enjoyed -- until now . Def Jam Vendetta has great play control and graphics . The story mode is fun also.It is easy to learn how to play . I ca n't think of anything bad about this game .
 THIS GAME ROCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it 's better than wwe smackdown shut your mouth.Alot of fast game play.All the specials in the game are awsome.The story mode 's cool too.The story mode is alot like NBA street 's story mode though.There 's alot of carnage and no rules.My favorite fighter is DMX.So make sure you bye this game .
 This is a good wrestling game , and I 'm not even a wrestling fan or rap fan . The controls , graphics , and overall fun factor are top notch . `` Oh yay . A rap-style wrestling game. , '' The person who said this has probably never played the game , if they had , they 'd see that it 's a good straight forward wrestling game that is very well made , but no , this person has let his own bias get in the way , so he resorts to spouting off .
 for 1 this is the best EA games ive played with the killer graphics and the sweet Def Jam songs . If you dont trust me rent it first and youll find out its a sweet game . The best part is the fights between the girls.But this has nothing really to do with the game but watty420 is a racest i mean if you tell someone who likes hip hop to go to hell you are probly a poor redneck who cant afford anything nice . I mean almost every kid today probly likes some kinda of hip hop . I mean Limp Bizkut raps and so does pappa roach so are you telling them to go to hell watty420 . watty420 you need to get off drugs and loosen up f**ker
 def jam vendetta is a great game , at first . after a while the game gets boring.the story line is cool to . each fighter has a sick special move from the front and back . i really do like the graphics . once your awsome at it the moves get boring and so the fighting
 Not a Game To pass in one day atleast 1 week only for ps2 Pros .
 I bought this game the first day it came out and I 'll never regret it . If you like beating up people with cool rappers then you will love this game . It has good graphics and very fun gameplay . This game is soo much better than those other WWE games . I dont think I 'll ever get bored of this game .
 Def Jam Vendetta is the most fun wrestling game out for PS2 . The bone-rattling moves and interesting cut scenes keep you plugged in all night . It 's only cons are that it is extremely easy and i have already beaten it in 5 days . Besides that it is the best PS2 game i have played since MADDEN 2003
 Hi my name is lashawn and I really like this game it is exciting and enjoyable I never thought I would say this but this game is much better then all the wwe and wwf games and they should make a def jam vedetta part 2
 ill tell yea , if i could rate this 1-10 id give it an easy 20 . It 's so incredible ... . For an idea , if you 've played No Mercy for N64 and loved that game then you 'll deffinately love this game without a doubt . The most fun ive had in a video game lik this . takin ur favorite artist -LRB- and the other dominate players -RRB- and just lay their own smack down . but i cant tell you how good it is untill you experience the rush urself ! ill tell ya get this game ...
 Do n't get me wrong this is a great game . The only issue I have with the game is that it 's to hard , and gets you mad easily . When you first get the game it 's like the best game you 've ever owned . But then . As you progress through the game it 's gets exremely hard . What makes me really get pi $ $ ed off at the game is when it says `` tap a butten '' . It 's supposedly supposed to get you out of a pin quicky . Of course you sit there beating the buttons down and nothings happening . Thats my only problam with the game , other than that its a very good game.Most people should like it . I would not get this game though if you get angry at games easily . I also suggest you get four controlers when you get this game also . Not for multiplayer but so you have extras if you break one like i did -LRB- i 'm not just trying to be funny either -RRB- .
 The game is one of the hottest games out right now , but it is lacking a couple of thing . The fact of a create a wrestler is important . You only have 4 or five players to pick from in story mode . Four Stars is good I hope there will be a next one and it will have these items in it . DEF JAM VENDETTA is a game to compete with . Keep it gangsta
 Part 1 : The ReviewThis is a superb game but get fight 4 NY instead because theres Snoop Dogg and Xzibit in it!But do get this as well and u 'll have hours of fun and u never know who 'll win because 1 time I was Spider vs Joe budden and I was beating the s ** t out of Joe Budden and Joe Budden ended up winning!It is quick to finish but the other modes -LRB- Besides story mode -RRB- will make u playing for ages and Manny is annoying saying `` Ah yeah?Well I 'll run u into the ground ! '' so instead of taking it out on your younger brother , u can take it out on Manny!Its a good buy at $ 10 and even if u hate Hip Hop , u 'll like this a lot and I beat up Joe Budden a lot too!The best character u can play as in story mode is Spider and overall DMX is the best -LRB- Look at his KO move -RRB- ! Get it now!Part 2 : To Sweet Cheeks `` watty420 '' WARNING if u r under 18 dont read this part strong language -LRB- I 'm 19 but lost my password -RRB- F**k u u gay s ** thead!Forcing your friend to listen to your crappy Heavy Metal music is grim!Not everyone likes bl ** dy rock music u ba ** ard !!!! If I ever met u , I 'd hit u in the face u d ** khead!Your a racist towards the world and noone has to listen to your orders and people read all his Hip Hop reviews , they r racist and why dont u go to hell u c ** ksucking muthaf ** ka and I agree with D. W. West `` JediWest '' and Monte Burns `` M. Burnslearn to speak in a grown up way!Your probably a loser with no friends except your stupid rock CDs!Let other people do what they want , everyone likes at least 1 Hip hop group even u do I know u do!OK I 've made a point and reply to this review please unless your scared of all us `` sweet cheeks watty420 '' haters!I 'm emailing Amazon about your behaviour u immature pr * ck ! Buy this and ignore sweet cheeks the racist !!!
 I borrowed Def Jam Vendetta and I loved it !! I mean the controls were kinda weak but then again It was awsome . Im planning on buying it . The Story mode is good u get 2 fight a ton of guys -LRB- which I like 2 -RRB- and if u make it 2 the last fight u face D-Mob the boss of Def Jam he 's wickid easy . U have 2 unlock alot of people which stinks though u have 2 unlock Ludacris , D-Mob , Method Man , Red Man , Scarface , Headache , and many many many more . Take my advice dont listen 2 any 1 else but me , BUY IT .
 This has to be the most fun game out of the francise surely based on its replay value alone . the roster of mcs in this game allows you to have fantasy matchs pitting MC VS MC
 The game is fun an works perfectly fine.Good deal an fast shipping an accurate.i would recommend this to anyone but def jam fight for ny is way better
 Imaging putting on your best moves in a fight against your opponent , raise it up a notch , then add some hip hop surround sounds on the spot . This is the game you 're looking for . Impossible and devestating moves that you at ah . That 's whats up .
 this is a really cool game.the gameplay is not as good as the smackdown vs raw series but the controls are easier to learn . the plot is really good . and the graphics are a little bit above average.also the music is bangin .
 I was first attracted to this game because a am a hip hop fan . if you dont like rap , I do n't reccomend this game . If you like rap , than this is definatly for you.The rapper characters are great , and I even find myself playing as my favorite story character , Spider . He is definatly the best of the four . At the end of story mode , you face a character called D-mob -LRB- the guy with the `` v '' chain onthe cover -RRB- . It is extremely hard . When you beat him , you can play as him and kick butt in the process.The multiplayer is amazing . There are so many ways to play . It is fun to taunt your buddy and then knock him out . You can play as girlfriends and have a girlfight . There are so many good things . There is one problem though . There is no online . If you are looking in online , its not in Fight for NY either ! They need to make online mode.Overall , it is great and you will never get tired of it . Highly reccomended .
 Somehow I adore this game . There are many well known stars , like DMx , Method Man , Joe Budden and N.O.R.E. . There are also created fighters . These fighters are Sketch , Razor , Chuklez and Nyne . My favourit fighters are Joe Budden and Razor . Razor is 1m 96 tall and he is very strong , so his punches look unreal good . Def Jam Vendetta includes no blood and that 's awful . Every fightin ' - game should have blood . By the way , I enjoy Def Jam Vendetta and somehow it 's amazing .
 The return of wrestling 's best game developer . The emergence of a wrestling game without the burden of WWE . EA 's decision to take a little risk . The convergence of all this is Def Jam Vendetta , a game that is at once the best wrestling game in years , an awesome showcase for some ... good hip-hop , and an example of what can happen when a game company takes a chance.Vendetta casts you as a street fighter in the inner city , where brawlers clash for cash , groupies , and bragging rights . D-Mob , the fictional leader of the underground , has assembled some of Def Jam Records ' most popular artists to rule the ring on his behalf , and you have to beat them down to reach the top . Along the way , you 'll get involved in some tag-team drama and girlfriend trauma , unlocking playable characters , outfits , and galleries as you go . DJV speaks to a problem in the wrestling genre-the whole thing has gotten stale , and it 's time for some new blood . EA snagged AKI , developer of the awesome N64 WCW/WWF titles , to make Def Jam a contender . The result is a wrestling game that 's fun , exciting , and imminently playable-one that makes the most recent WWE games look like patty cake in comparison . Style is a huge part of why Vendetta succeeds . The characters , arenas , moves , and taunts all invoke an urban feel that screams Def Jam while proving that you do n't need Y2J and The Rock to make a compelling brawler . Tracks from Def Jam 's stable of artists pound all over the game , and though they repeat a bit too much , it 's nice to have great music playing during a beat-down . DJV 's other high point is the way it plays . Strikes , grapples , and reversals seem perfectly balanced and easy to do , and every match is exciting and gripping . What 's more , the matches seem to make sense-quick series of moves will wear a guy down , but give him a chance to rest and he 's back , almost as good as new . The game 's A.I. is cheap , to say the least -LRB- there 's one throw that 's reversed 100 percent of the time by computer-controlled opponents -RRB- , but multiplayer is a blast.Finally , a wrestling game that does n't require a WWE Fan Club membership to enjoy . If you like hip-hop , brawling , or just good games , go get Vendetta now .
 anyone know how to make ludacris do `` block lockdown '' on that game ?
 Well the game it self is great much better than I thought it would be . But I dont like it how they use WWE move instead of making there own . Like a girl in it can use the pedigree and a huge guy can land the shooting star press . Other than that a great game .
 Do you like rap music ? Do you like wrestling games ? If you said no to either of the questions , stop reading this review , and forget about the game . Otherwise , read onThe game itself has a premise that most people have only dreamed about . Take the attitude of the ghetto , mix it in with a brawler like Smackdown , and throw in some rappers to bump up the beat . However , dont expect another WWE wannabe . This game holds its own genre . The graphics are great . Rarely will you expirience slowdown , and the environments and characters can not be complained about . The contols take on the aproach of N64 style grapplers , and you will learn them fairly easily -LRB- it takes about 15 minutes -- or a few matches -- to get used to them -RRB- . The sounds offer a great showing IF YOU LIKE RAP MUSIC , and the brawlers themselves sound realistic and will make you laugh or growl at what they have to say . Even the real rappers sound authentic -LRB- whether or not they are , im really not sure -RRB- . So will you have fun ? Just remember that this game is fast paced , and you got ta have a little bit of time to get used to it . Once again , if you dont like rap or wrestling , this game is nothing spectacular ... . actually , now that I think about it , this game is more of a one on one fighter then a wrestling game ... hmmm . anyway , rent this game before purchase -- though I bought this game right away and I 'm glad i did -LRB- especially since I got it before the rating when from T to M -- thanks for waiting ESRB :D -RRB-
 this game is realy fun , but it is kinda of short . i BEAT IT IN 2 DAYS
 This game is great . The graphics are top notch & the game engine is 2nd to none . The moves are fluent without glitches . You have a whole cast of colorful charatcers . There are 39 total . Not 45 like the game ads suggest . The best thing in the game are the finishing moves . I love the slo mo poundings . They are very outragoues & extreme . Getting GF 's is nice too . . :-RRB- The bad parts are tag team matches . -LRB- Awful & confusing -RRB- No creating your own charater . -LRB- bummer -RRB- Lack of modes & weapons . Still its worth the 50.00 bucks .
 this game is decent , but i have seen much better . this is a creative fighter/wrestlering game . i do think that it is worthy of purchasing , but it is nothing that you have never seen before in any wrestling game . i personally was attracted to the game because i am a real mccoy hip-hop fan , plus def jam is my favorite rap label . they got the rapper 's and the game ... word !!!
 I got this game 2 days after it got out and was all hyped out of being able to play as Ludacris , Method Man , Joe Budden etc. . Well , I got it , enjoyed it for 2 minutes and threw it back in my game tower . I played it about once a week . The game is EXTREMELY short and has no strategy . All it is is X and Square and ocassionaly circle ... . Ludacris , wears high socks and his braids look like he just got ran over by a lawnmower . Where 's the fro ? He looks like a. . . nerd.Bottom Line
 yo yo yo . this game is off the coolness ! its so for sure the best . the only bad things were the photographs of the women because they were too graphic .
 This is the best wrestling game I have even played and I have played alot of 'em . First off , the controls are easy to learn and use during gameplay and they give you the option to go through a tutorial just in case you 're new to the genre . There is also a pretty decent story mode which is usually lacking in wrestling/fighting games . The graphics and sound are pretty solid . I have read reviews that said unless you are into rap music you can skip this title ... I totoally disagree . I do n't generally like rap music and I found this game wildly entertaining.Finally , the game is a little on the easy side . I finished with relative ease and little headache . But I believe it has pretty good replayability in that you can play the story line with 4 different characters developing their skills along the way and the versus mode is sure to be a hit with all your friends over !
 I just got A ps2 and its the best so far . but I like all of the systems exsept the cube . the ps2 plays both dvds ps1 games and ps2 games . no matter what people say about it I will always likeit the best xbox just can not be is good is the ps2 .
 this is the hottest game to come out in years it has so much hype building up about it i really think no other game can compare with this one wwe smack down was ok but def jam vendetta has way more quality and better game play .
 I thank xbox is better then every game sept not ps2 becuases ps2 been out longer xbox haves grate diles and better then a gamecube gameboyssp is grate.jjjjj
 i got this demo from psm and i realized that it was n't really as good as i thought cause the controols r really bad and theres not as good as moves as any game sym is way better .
 You can play this game with the PS2 controller that comes with your system . However if you use the PS1 Dual Shock controller which is the only version that they sell . It will not work with the game . It 's a controller design not a game design.Otherwise then that you can play the game and see what WWE Smackdown would be like undergound even Reverend Devon appears in the game or his gimmick appears.Only down side is not having a create a fighter program or being able to use all the fighters without user codes .
 IM SORRY BUT I WASNT LOOKING FORWARD TO DEF JAM AT ALL BECAUSE I LET A EARLY DEMO MAKE THAT DECSION . LET ME TELL YA IM GLAD MY FRIEND TALKED ME INTO TRYING THE REAL THING TOLD ME I WOULD LOVE IT WELL HE WAS RIGHT . GREAT GAEM LOADS OF FUN .
 This is , with out a doubt , one of the funnest multiplayer games on the market . It has about 40 fighters total , which includes most Def Jam rappers !!! The gameplay is unuaually good , and the one player mode is very good . The best part is each players K.O.ing finishing move . This is a must buy .
 This game is one of the best wrestling games availible . It features famous rappers such as Ludacris and DMX . Its pretty easy to pick up the controls and delivers a good dose of action . The only complaints are the lack of modes , out of ring weapons , & Create-A-Wrestler . It 's a great game for what it does have but it could have had more stuff . Maybe next year . Still reccomended .
 This game has got to be the best ever made so far . There are many characters and a lot you can do with them . This game is for you if you 're into the hip hop scene . Hot tracks from rappers like , Comp , Luda , DMX , Redman , Method Man and other various artists . I 'm glad that ATI hooked up with EA Big and Def Jam because that 's the best combo yet . If you do n't have this game I suggest you go get otherwise you will be S.O.L.
 Having not played any of the other wrestling games mentioned , I really have none to compare this one to . But it 's a definite keeper , if only to hear the comments made by the video game rappers real life counter parts and fight in their own unique environments . Gameplay is tricky on PS2 because only one button controls your kicks/punches . But once you get the hang of it it 's pretty fun to watch what happens . Plus they have an added feature that lets you exchange girlfriends if you see one that looks better . You 'll have to play to understand . When first learning moves , Ghostface Killah is the best character to use.He 's strong and really agile . Overall a decent way to blow -LSB- money amount -RSB- on a game ...
 def jam vendetta is a great game . tons of players that you can face , so you will never get bored ! check out the game its a mix of gangsta , Rap , And fighting . you can play with your favorite rapper 's including redman , methodman , ludacris , And more of your favorite rappers in one whole game . this game will go far in the future . It is the best game out this year . Dont check out wwe crush hour ! You cant even wrestle ? theres no betta game out . so check it out and have a gangsta time .
 def jam vendetta is gon na be 1 of the best ps2 games ever i have the demo 2 this game and it is off the hook it is so cool i cant wate until it comes out i all ready pre order it and i hope u do the say thing , i hope i helped u.mike ritchie
 great game for playing with a group of friends , as said before if you play alone it may be hard , however I was able to beat everyone myself on easy ... . not sure why others are having problems with that.and to all that read `` sweet cheeks watty420 '' review , please take a look at his reveiw on beef ... . it is below , sure sounds like he is one of those & * -LRB- * & ers ; , I wo n't spell it beacuse it is demeaning to me and to all races , so look at his review of this game to see the word he usedMan , I Sure Love Beef , October 16 , 2004Reviewer
 Def Jam Vendetta is an extremely fun game with sweet graphics and cool gameplay . It also features the appeal of playing as your favorite rapper . These other people dont know what their talking about with the controls . They are flawless . The game is easy to jump into but requires time to master . The story mode is cool and enthralling but is totally linear and kind of short especially if you try and rush through it . Its also not that difficult once you get hang of how to reverse moves and when to do what moves . The hardest fight is by far DMX but is still not impossible . The replay value is ultimately limited but I beat it all 4 times just to see what would happen . The only real flaw is its lack of a variety of matches . But the game is so fun to play in basic one on one mode that it is hard to focus on this shortcoming . I cant wait for the cool looking sequel .
 Ok , first of all I hate wrestling games and have never liked one enough to buy it or even play it.This one is way different.It is n't like other wrestling games , you can break your opponents arms or legs if you perform submission moves on that part of the body enough times , for Submission wins , you can K.O. them with fatality-like Supermoves , or hey you can go for the tradition al pin.You can pick from a variety of `` def Jam '' artists including
 I got the demo of this game in the Feb issue of OPM and it was awesome . I played a later version at the mall in NY and it was way quicker . The version in OPM was slower , but demo 's are just that ... demo 's ... I never have too much expectations for demo 's . I played all of the developer 's -LRB- AKI -RRB- N64 games back in the day and was interesed to see how thier kick -LSB- butt -RSB- engine ported to PS2 . The demo at the mall was very impressive . The response felt like a fighting game , but still had the amazing grappling engine that I love about AKI . Blending EA BIG with AKI was brilliant . At first , the concept with Def Jam seemed weird to me , but the gameplay and fresh twist to the genre kicks Smackdown to the ground . Finally a game engine that makes sense again with a fresh style . From what I have read , the game has a very extensive story mode , but all I really care about is great gameplay . Anyways , I cant wait to get this game when it comes out . I just hope these games start coming out with an online component .
 But , so are youPros : - Pretty good graphics-Nicely done wrestling-style battle system-Music from all the main Def Jam artist-Some of the blaze finishers are Spectacular-I get to be some of my favorite rappers -LRB- DMX , Ludacris , Mef/Red -RRB- - Great voice acting -LRB- despite some voices arent in for long -RRB- - Nice setups for devistating combos-EA big has created another masterpiece , with the help of Def JamCons : - You do n't have any weapons to use-Where 's the create a fighter mode-Game 's too short -LRB- beat it in just 3 days -RRB- - Where 's Jay-Z -LRB- So I can kick his copying ... -RRB- Ja Rule -LRB- So I can kick his fake ... -RRB- , Freeway , Beanie Seigl , Slick Rick , and LL Cool J ? That would ` ave made the game a lot better -LRB- getting revenge for artist who made me waste my money , and more artist whom I appreciate -RRB- , and longer.This game definitly made me forget about Smackdown real fast . Despite the cons , this game definitly will please fans of wrestling , and all of def jams fans as well . So if you are fans of either , this should be in your collection of PS2 games -LRB- or gamecube games -RRB- Final Words : This game was superb , no doubt , but I just hope that if they make a sequel to this , let 's just hope all of the problems this game has will definitly be tweaked , so everyone can enjoy a much better , and longer game.Peace
 this is a very good wrestling game.the graphics are very good.it is very cool.also dmx is my favorite rapper.if you are ooking for a challenging yet fun and entertaning game , this is the one for you.why play wwe or wwf when you can play this game.and for the person who does not like this game because it has rappers ... shut up .
 I finally got a chance to play Def Jam Vendetta and something occurred to me this game is great ! To think that the only games with rap and hip hop influences were Parappa the Rappa and Wu-Tang Shaolin Style -LRB- which was a great concept but the execution came up short -RRB- . Now for Vendetta . It seems that EA just cant be stop when it comes to over the top action and sports . Okay now I know some will say wrestling is not a sport but how cares when you can pit Method Man against Ludacris . This game rocks tight controls great storyline , awesome audio , and outrageous moves . Now with such greatness you would think there would be no flaws but there very minute . The only thing most wrestling game fans may want is create a character and various match types like ladder or steel cage matches . Basically if you thats all you want then youre missing the big picture of what Vendetta is . Dont wait for the sequel go and get this game you will not be sorry ! WAY TO GO EA ! WAY TO GO DEF JAM !
 Let me start off by saying , this game really deserves 4 1/2 stars but I do believe this game is quite good so , I 'll give it five stars . Honestly , I believe -LRB- although I am a very big rap fan -RRB- that one does not have to like rap to enjoy this game . This game added a little more excitement for me because most of the fighters are rap stars . Someone who is n't a big rap fan , but does n't mind rap , would probably give this game four stars . Someone who HATES rap would probably just leave this game alone . And the fact that I enjoyed this game as a fighting game -LRB- rather than a music game -RRB- proves that this game has more depth than just rap . The fight system is very good . You are able to pin your opponent , knock him/her out -LRB- Yes , you can be girls too . This game DOES manage to be some what politically correct . -RRB- with an AWESOME special move which varies for each character , or put your foe into submission by lowering their head , body , leg , or arm health to zero . And although the story mode for this game is n't all that hard , -LRB- I used the setting `` Easy '' -RRB- the game is n't fully beaten unless story mode is completed with all the starting characters . This game definitely keeps you busy ! And even after you complete everything , you can still duke it out with a friend any time you want . Personally I think they should make more games like this only not just featuring rap artists from Def Jam Recordings . A game featuring rap artists who fight from Shady Records -LRB- Eminem , 50 Cent , Dr. Dre , D-12 etc. -RRB- would be awesome!P.S . Parents beware ... This game does have violence , contains some inappropriate language , and includes some degration to women .
 yo this game is tight from the opening credit till the end yeah the game is a bit short but so what u ca n't get any beter than this . this game beats out wwe and all other wrestling games i mean look at the finishers every wrestler has 2 and there all different from the front and back pluss the def jam artist 's yeah u ca n't create a wrestle but it 's still tight graphic 's are tight story mode could have had more characters but who cares it was great also overall theis game is dope u do n't need another wrestling game expect when back yard wrestling comes out if it is good enough
 This is one of the best arcade wrestling games that I have played . One of its major flaws is that the entire campaign , spanning four players , is relatively short , maybe about thirty hours . The control is better than most , but the focus control in tag team is a wee bit awkward . The likeness of the hip-hop artists is down to the mark , and the character models are excellent . Even much more , the arenas are done well , and they are animated . The storyline is not boring , but it 's the same for all four players . What makes this game even more entertaining are the finishing moves . Some of the finishing moves that I have seen are a tribute to the current WWE stars . For example , Moses performs a Tombstone like the old-school Undertaker . Additionally , Spider does a modified version of the Rock Bottom . Lastly , Omar does a version of Undertaker 's Last Ride . Overall , this game is definitely a keeper ! The extras count a million ... with the photographs of the `` fly honeys '' that you obtain . I realise that EA Big is creating a second one , and please have Deja -LRB- and her gorgeous pictures -RRB- return in the second one , with newer photographs , of course . The cons of this game are few . First , you ca n't create a wrestler . Second , there are no modified matches from the Tables , Ladders and Chairs match to the Cage Match . Lastly , there is no use of external weapons like pipes or even the audience . But , this game is definitely fun , with your friends , real or imaginary .
 This works better than any other brand 's . It works like a charm and has a low price .
 Having a playstation usually means not having a cartridge also meaning that you can not save your progress straight onto the disc.Now , with the PS1 memory card , games such as FFVII , Grandia and Legend of Dragoon should be a breeze . Pop the card into the memory card slot , and watch , as you can progress in your game and not have to worry about dying . As now you can save and reload games if you make a mistake.If you are a serious RPG fan , then I must truely recommend this to you otherwise you may find yourself in a spot of trouble . Now with the PS2 out , the memory cards for the PS1 should drop in price , making them easier to acquire .
 The first product I received was defective , but the customer service quickly replaced it for me . I did n't even have to ship the defective product back ! I 'm very satisfied with their customer service.As for the product itself -LRB- the one I received the second time -RRB- works just fine . It 's in excellent condition . Not a problem at all .
 Had purchased an off-brand memory card brand new with horrible results . If you need/want it , for the sake of your sanity splurge on the Sony .
 What I thought I was getting `` Used Ps One Memory by Sony Computer Entertainment `` What I got a New generic purple Memory card . Due to poor quality of generic memory cards in the past I was willing to get a used `` Sony '' memory card however that is now what I got . So far all my saves have are still there so I 'm happy.Also the picture on the item was of a new Sony memory card so what I got was a surprise based on discription and what was pictured . Some may prefer the upgrade to a new memory card I would rather have an Sony memory card.Other then that it got here on time and in good condition .
 This memory card is awesome . It took forever for me to find one that would work for me and this one rocks .
 Was amazed they had the product . Shipping was fast . The packaging was different than the picture on Amazon . Will know if product works on Christmas day . It 's a gift for my nephew .
 We bought a Mad Catz memory card , which was not recognized by our PS One . We then purchased a Sony Memory Card for PS One , which was recognized and asked if we wanted to format it . The PS One formatted the Memory Card and were able to save games such as Spyro
 This is exactly what you need for saving those games like Crash Bash , and Spyro : Year of The Dragon , and other great PlayStation games.You should buy it .
 I own a couple of these SONY brand memory cards , and have had one of them for about 3 years without a single failure . I also bought a cheaper off-brand card which erased all my saved games after about 1 month . After playing Final Fantasy for a dozen hours , I was really bummed to lose all that time because I had saved on the cheaper card .
 If you plan on owning/renting/playing any PS One games on your PS 2 system , you ca n't use the PS 2 memory cards to save games . There should be a big yellow sticker warning PS 2 owners of this on every PS One game , but there is n't , so here I am ! In short , get one of these and you 're covered for saving games when you want to play the thousand + titles that are n't out yet in PS 2 format ...
 I did n't think this was a bad storage system , but it was n't that great either . 15 blocks is NOT NEARLY ENOUGH to hold all of what you can save . In fact I have up to 4 memory cards now because I could n't find a mega memory card in time!When you play games like Madden 1998-2002 and stuff then you NEED more space . Some sports game take up 2-15 spaces of memory on one card ! Are you telling me that your gon na settle for that !? Think about it for a moment . If you play some games then its easy , one block.But what about some of the RPGers who may have a favorite boss fight ? Or the Action/Adventure gamers who have a favorite level or part of the game ? What about the sports gamers who have to save up to the entire memory card?Well , I 'm not saying for you to buy this , but I 'm not saying leave it alone either . If you buy this memory card you 'll have to buy plenty more where that came from .
 This is one of the most important things for a system . If you do n't have one you ca n't save games . And if you ca n't save games you 'll have to start over from the begining each time ! So when your getting your system make sure you get the memory card . It 's very important . If you do n't , your missing out A LOT !
 Who would know more about the Playstation 's saving features better than Sony ? After all , they made the system . I have had my two memory cards for over three years and they have n't failed once.The only drawback is that the memory cards do n't have enough space for games with saves that take up as much as an entire card . At this point , it 's just a matter of memory management and asking yourself if you really need that save from a game you rarely play.Still , it 's much better to buy a memory card from the manufacturer and have a guarantee that it will not fail rather than buying a third-party memory card -LRB- MadCatz -RRB- and worry that it will crash .
 Concering the Sony Playstation One memory problems , one helpful bit of advice which I learned about a year ago , was to have an extra card . On that card , copy all of your existing files , or most wanted games and/or files to them and then put it away for safe keeping . In a weeks times or so , take your preserved copy to have your files saved - or writen over it , the files that you want to save to your preserved memory , and you have a perfectly perserved file . Just store it away , again . I have done that with more than one memory card , for different games . Sincerely - Annie
 hey guyz . A memory card , first off , is a MUST . Before I got one i was like on the 15th level or so and couldnt save it so I had to start all over ! I always buy a sony and not any other . Once I got a lexar and it didnt work . the only bad thing about this is that it needs more blocks . But other than that it is great .
 With a PS2 memory card you can make backups , Ideal for active files in the PSOne card -LRB- For PSOne files -RRB- .
 ... it allows you to save stuff .
 For people who say it wont work with ps2 , i recomand u to reread the instructions that come with it . it will work on ps2 to save ps1 games ... problem is this card should have ATLEAST 25 blocks ...
 This little booger can only save up to 15 blocks . -LRB- I think . -RRB- If you play games like Spyro , Crash B. , and those other kind of adventure games , you wo n't have a problem with this . But , for all those RPG people , -LRB- I use the RPG Maker , and I have two memory cards just because of it ! -RRB- Sport folk , and others , you 're gunna need more than one card ! AND IT IS SO STUPID ! I like how Nintendo over there use there memory with the system . But , who 's to say ? Nintendo is n't that big kidish . -LRB- Little runts playing in my backyard all the time ... -RRB- Playstation uses this card to give you more playing power ! So , I guess this is a little bit more conviniet ...
 This is a great memory card.Do not buy any other brand of memory card but this brand.THe others tend to erase themselves -LRB- My experience -RRB- butthis one keeps the data.I got my first sony memory card in 1997 and I saved Parasite Eve and Twisted metal and Crash Bandicoot , I then lost the memory card.I recently found it under my bed and used it.It worked like a charm , it still has my data on it.I advise everyone with a playstation to buy this memory card.I also advise you to buy more than one becauseit has way too little space , I mean 15 blocks , a sports game takes up the entire memory card.This is the reason I gave it 4 stars.This card comes with 2 labels I got a green and a purple with mine.I hope this review was helpful !! Brent
 The only problem is that some games like NFL Blitz take up alot of space , but I have n't lost any information with this one and the only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is my rug is gray and I tend to lose it to the gods of camoflauge when I take the memory card out .
 For anyone who has more than three PS1 games , your going to need one of these . Now that PS2 is out , these really are n't in demand as much , since many kids are just jumping on the gaming band wagon with the PS2 and have no PS1 games to speak of . For all us others who have been around since the SNES was a baby -LRB- me being 16 -RRB- it is almost a guarantee you 'll need , and probably already own one of these . Obviously this is your only choice , and it does what it promises , it saves your games , and will keep them their , inless you wash it -LRB- an infuriating mistake . -RRB- Unfortuneately , this is a very inconvienant way to store data , since there are only 15 blocks , and many games can take upward of three blcoks just to save one file . Since these are n't in demand in much these days , they 're also very cheap . I own about 50 PS games , and hav the saves spread across about 4 memory cards . I found a great deal at target , that can get you three memory cards , just like this one , for the same price as this one . Another alternative to the space dilemma is getting a super memory card , that can have upward of 100 blocks of saving space for just a bit more cash .
 The card works fine and shipping was very fast . I would definetly reccomend this seller !
 I needed this product for Simcity 2000 , because the creators of playstion 2 ripped me off by making the new playstion 2 save cards different from the playstion one cards . However the comany I bought the playstaion one memory card gave me great service .
 Works perfectly in PlayStation 2 , allowing to play some of the best games of P1 such as Final Fantasy 7 .
 This product will allow you to save all your original Playstation games , on either an original PSX , PSOne or PS2 console . It works great . No problems with mine . It ca n't hold very many save files , but - hey - for what it does , it ca n't be beat . Always buy first party accessories for your systems - whether Sony , Nintendo or Microsoft - as it 's the only way you can be assured of the highest quality.In any event , this is a very reliable product , and if you - like me - love to play older games , this card is a must-have . Like I said , good product , good price .
 First of all , this memory card does work with PS2 . When you play PSX games on a PS2 , you use this memory card so it does work as advertised . The best part about buying a Sony memory card is the fact you know it is reliable . I 've had 2 Interact cards totally erase everything for no reason other than they are cheaply made and used compressed memory . It is a lot of cash for one card but it is worth it knowing your saved games wo n't get erased .
 If you already own a Playstation game console and want to store some memory for your PSOne games , then this is the # 1 card for you to own ! Why ? It 's made by the company who made the system themselves , Sony ! You also get 15 blocks of memory which may not sound like much , but believe me people , surprisingly it IS !! There 's even different colors of the 15-bit Sony memory card you can choose from -LRB- e.g. Crimson Red , Island Blue , & Emerald etc. -RRB- or you can stick with the original white/gray design . In addition , this card is compatible with the PSX , PSOne & PS2 systems ! Best of all , the product is 100 % accurate , therefore meaning that you will never EVER lose any saved games or data unless YOU decide to delete it yourself.Also , I 've heard numerous stories from different reviewers online here and even from some friends , that any other card from a different brand -LRB- Can anyone say InterAct ? -RRB- can sometimes prove to be defective , causing you to lose certain data that you worked hard to earn . -LRB- Which can REALLY be a pain in the a ** ! -RRB- I have a PSX and PS2 memory card that I have used for over four years now , and not ONCE have either failed me . Lately , I 've been searching for some Sony brands at some reasonable prices here at Amazon , but unfortunately a lot of these sellers are giving out the third class and other similar kinds . Whatever you do , do NOT trust any other brand other than Sony , unless you want to risk the damn thing screwing up on you ! Even if you have to buy it used , DO IT ! I guarantee you wo n't be sorry ! : -RRB-
 It 's a must have , not because it 's cool but without it , you wo n't finish any game -LRB- but I think you 've already figured that out -RRB- . I you want to but a memory card buy the official as expensive as it can seem -LRB- I tell you I live in switzerland and it 's five bucks expensiver , the ps2 is like ... can you believe that , anyways -RRB- , there is no bugs and it 's not bad quality , but there is only 15 blocks wich seem a lot but with games that eat 2 blocks.Or to save secrets and cheats , means another block . Or when you want to begin a new game , it get 's full fast!In all good quality , small storage , no bugs or games erased !
 The Sony brand memeory card is the best available . I have not had any problems with it saving ; `` GT-2 '' is 95 % complete with 100 cars in the garage , and it keeps on storing information . `` Dino Crisis '' , `` Resident Evil-2 '' , and `` Medal of Honor '' are all 100 % complete , and I have yet to lose any data . Sometimes data can be lost , if you turn on/off the PS 1 with the memory card installed . Always install/remove it , prior to turning the PS 1 , on/off . High humidity , and extreme heat also will cause problems . Mad Catz may hold more memory , but wo n't hold up as long . Mine did n't !
 This is a good card , same color and everything . Just what i was looking for .
 This memory card can only save up to 15 blocks witch is not bad for most Play Station games but beware if you have lots of sport games your probably going to have to get about 6 of these things because 1 season of maddan takes up nearly all 15 blocks . I purchased my PS1 December 27th 2002 because I wanted a system with a huge selection of racing games because I like cars and trucks so much . The racing games I own are Gran Turismo 2 , Deatruction Derby 2 , and Test Drive 5 . Destruction Derby 2 and Test Drive 5 only take up 1 block per save . Gran Turismo 2 is one of those games that gets on your damn nerves with saves because it uses 4 blocks of memory to save one car off of simulation mode and to save a replay you need to use up to 15 blocks ! Do you have any idea how flustrating it is when the most purchased cars you get to save on a memory card is 3 . I bought a Dodge Viper GTS , a 1969 Camaro Z28 , a 1963 Corvette , and a Shelby series one that cost 100,000 dallors and I could not save all of them . what really pisses me of is that I did n't find out how much the card can save before I spent all my precious time racing for 2 hours .
 All the other memory cards may be cheaper but become corrupt and work alot less longer . Unless you want an expensive paper weight stick only with the official Sony memory card . Worth your money !
 It works and was inexpensive , plus it made it to Egypt . 100 % win and nothing else . Thanks for helping a soldier .
 The -LRB- Official Sony -RRB- PSone memory card is the most reliability of its longer use for PSone games ' save data . I 've been using the Official Sony Memory card for more than over 5 yrs , & yet , the game saves data are still there . How great this is for PSone lovers ?! :-RRB- Hope for the buyers need to choose carefully as the second/third companies making some bootlegs of the similar products . Long live Sony !
 not much to say about a memory card . The product was as advertised -LRB- new in blister pack , price was reasonable . and the shipping was prompt .
 15 blocks is enough , I think.One word of advice -- NEVER buy a third party memory card : they always fail.Spend the extra money on the OFFICIAL product ! it 's worth it!The only thing that kinda stinks , is that the labels are PINK and PURPLE.I do n't really like those colors - I have to be in the mood for them . But for a video game console ... uhhh ... too girly ... -LRB- and I 'm a woman ! lol ~ Sure , women play video games , but I think even THOSE colors are n't the smartest -LCB- not the most marketable -RCB- - I mean , otherwise we 'd be playing on flower-print PlayStations and Solid Snake might be called `` Fluffy Bunny '' ... ^ ^ ;-RRB- SONY coulda used green or something for the labels colors . Oh well , small complaint , but irrelevant , I suppose , since I 'm more interested in the technicalities
 It is awesome . I have it and play it every day . I wish I could give it 500 stars
 This is great !
 Ever played one of those games that you think , wow , even if it 's about a decade old , it 's still a solid game ? Lemmings
 The first time I played this game was the first release I thought it 's a unique game original . After a few years they release this version which was a big upgrade newer thing added . I am very found with game I wish there were going to be a new version for it .
 This game or versions of it have been around for a along time and I am glad I found it on Amazon in a version that would play on XP . Great deductive thinking game in a fun way . Not for the little ones but I would guess 10 years through adult . Great fun !
 Arrived in great condition , quicker than what the site stated . I love the lemmings and this came quickly and in great shape .
 nothing like the orignal but in a turning motion . it is still a fun game for a single person or for the whole family .
 If I did n't know this game was used , I would not have known . Lemmings took my , now adult kids , back to a fun age with no responsibilities ... LOL . Thank you , the game is perfect . .
 I was a player of the original Lemmings that we loaded from a dos prompt . I used to love the litttle critters . However , my old disks do not work with the Windows systems and the newer machines no longer take the old floppies . Then I went looking for newer versions of the game and came across `` Lemmings Revolution '' . It is everything I was looking for . So far I am enjoying every moment of play . However , I have not gotten too far into the game yet .
 The game arrived in perfect codition and theshipping was quick . Do you want anything else ?
 I thought the original Lemmings was hard until I played Lemmings Revolution . The specifications state for Windows 98 . I am running Windows XP and have not had any problems .
 Okay . I 'm an over-aged closet spy and game player . After someone 5 finger-discounted my first copy 8 years ago , I recently played Oni . All that kicking , flipping , weaponry and karate-chopping is a sure stress reliever ! I simply love the action and suspense around each corner . I also like the absence of blood and gore . Yes , there 's a slight red indicator to simulate death , but there 's no blood and gore . The game loads quickly although Oni requires a sound graphics card . It takes mucho skill to fight off 4 machine-gun wielding attackers ! I love it !
 I downloaded a Tzar demo about a year ago for my then-7-year-old who loves playing chess and anything to do with strategy . I could hardly peel him away from the demo even to eat . I promised that if he got good grades , I 'd buy him the game . He did get good grades , bugging me about the game the whole time . Now that he has the game , he 's obsessed with it ! Absolutely a great game that inspires real thinking , planning , and strategizing . He has no idea he 's being educated while playing !
 Tzar is the type of game that has a lot of strategy but is also very fun . It has good graphics and a lot to do . It is an strategy game and is better than Age of the Empires II and Majesty . Tzar is a tough game and if you are just starting out you might want to play on easy level . This game is very fun and exciting but if you are n't the type of guy who does n't like strategizing , I would n't recomend it .
 I searched long and hard for this game for my brother -LRB- it has been out of print for some time -RRB- . He had another copy but lost the disks . What we have found that makes this game a heads above other RTS ' of the same genre ' is that the AI is much more robust . We 've played Age of Empires and one thing that is consistent -- and aggrivating -- is that the AI in AoE will eventually have units just standing around doing nothing . This is not the case in Tzar . The enemy will continue to fight and collect resoures until you or it is destroyed . I 've lost count how many times AoE has their peasants idle .
 Let me just start by saying that I have played just about every real time strategy game over the last 10 years considering I started at a young age . This game is The absolute best ! Haemimont Games did an unbelievable job on this game although it does have some minor issues.The best thing about this game is multi-player of course . My friends are also big fans of this game and have been just as long as me . I just recently showed this game to a friend that is a fan of rts and lets just say that he cant get enough . There is so much depth to this game and it is actually very hard to research all of the tech without cheating.Let me talk about the game play a bit . There is usually a very large number of troops battling it out at any given time during a game . Also your units can be upgraded and gain unlimited experience . Resources on this game are very easy to get at first , but when the gold mines and stone mines are depleted then you have to adjust accordingly . There is also a very nice map editor included that allows you to create custom maps , scenarios , and even campaigns.Believe me when I say that you will not be disappointed in purchasing this game . I have been playing it since its Bulgarian release way back in the 90 's . My friend brought it to me as a gift . I will probably continue to play this game every now and then for another 10 years .
 After having little sucess creating Sims with faces that were actually lifelike with online downloads , I was excited to find software that would let me put ` real ' people into my Sims game.About three minutes after popping the CD into my computer , Face Factory was installed and ready to go . Always one to do things the hard way , I bypassed the -LRB- conveniently located on the disc -RRB- instructions and jumped right in . The main screen shows the inside of a fully-stocked laboratory with bleeps and blips everywhere - including one flashing button showing non-intruction-reading users where to go first.A step-by-step on-screen tutorial guides users through creating that perfect face , showing you everything from how to crop and position the image to lining up eyes and ears . Although this program works best if you have two images of your subject -LRB- one front view and one side view -RRB- , it still creates remarkably nice heads with just a front-facing photo . -LRB- Note
 An easy to use software program allows you to create Sims with your own face or faces of other people you know.All you need is a picture of your face -LRB- or someone else 's face picture -RRB- to star as a Sim person in the Sim World.A fun software package made us laugh . This software is used primarily by my 10 year old son ... easy to use .
 It seems to me that this program is a lot better than the one that comes bundled with the Sims Deluxe Edition , I could not for the life of me get the bundled software to make a decent looking sim . Since I am a big fan of using Maxis supported software , I find this to be a bummer ... Maybe they ought to bundle this instead ... After all , I am still waiting for Sims Complete which would sell for like $ $ $ and be all expansion packs in one box !
 If you 're still playing The -LRB- original -RRB- Sims and do n't have this program , GET IT . You can put your friends ' faces and your own on your sims by using photographs . It really works . Speaking from experience , do make sure the expression in the photo is something you can stand to look at in all circumstances for that particular sim . A broad grin , for instance , does begin to wear after a while . I 'm giving Face Factory five stars assuming you understand it can only be used with The Sims , not with Sims2 or Sims3 .
 I have been creating Sims for online friends for years now , and this is the easiest program I have ever come across to help . In the beginning I had to simply find mesh 's to work with , but this program creates them for you . You need 2 photos of a persons face -LRB- one facing the camera and the other facing the side -RRB- and then you cut the background out , add the mesh points to the body -LRB- there is a guide for this -RRB- and simply click finish and there you go , your own Sim ! I have the face lift program and this is NOTHING like it . These DO look like REAL people.I do suggest that you play with the sample people before you attempt to use your own , so that you get the hang of the program . . but this is VERY easy to use . You CAN re-edit your saved heads , so you are n't stuck with horrid looking Sims . This is DEFINITELY worth the money .
 TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN I LIKE THE GAME VERY MUCH . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.IF YOU LIKE MAHJONG AT ALL . .
 I enjoy the mohjongg series of games . Mahjongg classic is a fun game and hard to win . No reshuffleing , no second chances as some Mahjongg games do . But it is a very challening game .
 This is the famous Chess System Tal II developed by chess master and programmer Chris Whittington . It plays a very strong game . I 'd estimate it 's strengh on a fast modern computer as at least International Master . I 've been playing chess for 33 years and find it difficult to beat at 5-minute chess set at its lowest playing level . This is a knowledge-based program and is designed to play humans , not other computer programs . It actually has an agressive style like the player it was named after ; World Champion Mikhail Tal .
 The landscape is very well done with lots of scenery items to look at . The layout of the track is excellent and provides for a whole lot of switching action . There are several long grades to test your skill at speed control . I had no problems installing or using the program . The only downside is that there is only one type of locomotive included . You get several road numbers , but they are all sd40 's . The cab is a basic rework of the default gp-38 . The sound is well done also . Overall an excellent product .
 By now , with all the bad reviews circling the internet , the price of this game in most stores will be somewhere around $ 10 - $ 15 -LRB- I got mine for $ 7.50 and they parctically thanked me for taking it off the shelves -RRB- . Now do n't get me wrong this game is no where near the classic adventures that most avid gamers hold close to their heart but that 's not what we are comparing this to , we 're just asking whether this is worth the money . Good graphics , fun , and easy-going gameplay for just $ 10.00 ? Of course it 's worth it.Just look at what everyone 's shoving this game to the side for . Dialouge ???? They just need a reason to shove this perfectly good game into the garbage so they can feel like they agree with the all-mighty reviewers . If you are a person reasonably into adventure games and need a game to play , I must say this game is well worth your money .
 Thank god for 1C ... I love adventure games , and to be honest i was geting prety tierd of replaying the longest journey . Jazz & Faust was a breath of fresh air as far as i was concerned ... There are a few short comings in Jazz , like the character graphics could have been better , but for -LSB- the cost -RSB- i think i got my moneys worth . I loved playing the game from two different perspectives and the obvious translation from russian was hilarious!For adventure fans , I recomend this , and I hope we see some more from 1C .
 I 'm absolutely thrilled by this game . I 'm a big fan of quest games since Space Quest 1 and played every adventure since that.Jazz and Faust is just perfect - nice graphics , splendid backgrounds , funny story . And I just loved the way you can play for two characters . It is just like geting 2 games instead of one . And this is just for 30 bucks ! Great deal I would say .
 Okay , let me start out by telling you what Bejeweled is . It was originally a Java game by PopCap games . It was then ported to PC , Mac , and PDA . I 've played the PDA version , and man , is it addictive !!! The only thing that will be different will be the control system . This is NOT a deep game . Swap the @ # $ % jewels to make them go away . Repeat . Repeat again until you ca n't do it anymore . Shout at the GBA , throw it at the floor , then start a new game .
 First off , this game is addictive in a way I have n't experienced since Snood . I have played it on a PDA and a PC and the touchscreen and mouse are excellent tools to select your jewels . However , I do n't think the GBA 's d-pad will lend itself very well to this game , as speed and accuracy are very important in this game , especially when you 're losing . I would like to predict that this will be a perfect game for the Nintendo DS when it comes out , and would be a very wise launch title . The touchscreen on the DS will probably launch a huge collection of PDA ports , which should be fun .
 The software works with my XP OS . There are not many folks with Windows 98 . I 've had this software for several years . The Blackjack practice should make me some money when I go to the tables . You ca n't go wrong for the price . The bundle includes the Hoyle rules of poker book . The tutorial mode teaches a variety of poker games .
 Ok this item ROCKS !!!! If you have collected the other coins -LRB- From the past . They do n't sell them anymore -RRB- then once they stop giving these out SELL IT !!!!! Trust me money flows right into your arms !!! You will only get a ton money if you have all of them . So if you do not have all of them do n't count on so much money as you could get .
 I 've owned this title for awhile , but did n't realize it had received so few reviews . A great little racing-combat game for one or more players , Fatal Inertia delivers excellent graphics with a decent amount of options to customize your vehicle -LRB- s -RRB- . Fairly addictive with a good physics/environment engine.It may no longer be available via Amazon , but I believe it can be downloaded from the PS3 store .
 this game is definately one of the best i 've playedvery funrent buy do whateverjust play it !!
 I do n't know much about video games , but my son seems pretty happy with it . He plays it all the time .
 Excelente producto muy buen precio excelente tiempo de entrega y enmpaque , realmente es igual al que se aprecia en la imagen .
 it is fun but not very hard.my view : fun 5 , hard 3 , mutiplayer 5 , one player 4 . there are 21 teams 4 password and 4 starter teams ,7 modes
 I 've played both Fire Emblem and Advance wars , two very similar Turn-Based strategy games on the GBA . Both games were fantastic , but were a bit too ... juvinile for my adult tastes.Third Age remedies this . Instead of running silly looking anime-esque teenagers , the player gets to move around gorgeous LoTR sprites , whose animations remind me of the original Diablo game for the PC . There is a definite grittyness to the animations as well as the settings , all beautifully depicted . My only gripe with the animations is that they tend to be a little too dark and gritty . It 's sometimes hard to tell one sprite from another . Luckily , a quick move of the curser identifies each character.Which leads into the game mechanics themselves . Instead of using the standard `` everyone gets to go once a turn '' sequence of Fire Emblem and Advance Wars , Third Age uses a randomly determined number to tell how units that can move each turn . While this does n't make the game very realistic , it makes it feel more like a strategy board game than a true battle . Of course , the commanding heroes the player chooses in each battle helps to determine this number . At first , I was concerned with this , until I played my first battle with cavalry.In the LoTR setting , it is the cavalry -LRB- mumakils , Rohirim and Worg riders -RRB- that turn the tide of most battles . This game simulates this beautifully , making cavalry and powerful tool in any skirmish . While most units simply move and attack or shoot , the cavalry units can move before and after an attack , making them incredibly powerful strike-and-regroup units . To date I have n't seen a wargame that gives their cavalry units the power they deserve.The heroes themselves are upgradeable , earing experience points with each kill in their area of the battlefield . As they gain experience , they can purchase more powerful abilities -LRB- like Legolas ' rapid fire , allowing more attacks per turn , and Gandalf 's inspire , which allows other units to go when command points are used up -RRB- . These abilities add a nice customizable dimension that is lacking in Emblem and Wars.The music is pulled straight from the movie trilogy , as are many of the sound effects . Swords ring , fire and lightning explodes , and death cries resound , all held together by the riveting musical score.If you are a fan of LoTR , check out this game . If you are a fan of Turn-based strategy games , but are tired of silly anime sprites , look no further . Despite the dark graphics and slightly difficulty level , I feel that this is the best strategy game to date on the GBA .
 When I had first goten this game for Christmas , I had thought that the Third Age for gamecube might be more fun . I do n't know about what that one is like , but I 'm sure glad I opened this one for Gameboy!You start out the game by picking if you want to fight for good or bad . Then you move to what charater you want to have for your leader . It 's a very wide range of charaters ! You can even pick the Witch King ! I do n't want to give much away , but you then go to different places and fight evil -LRB- if you 're good -RRB- or vice versa . It 's a very fun game that will take up most of those boring hours in the car when your going for 15,000 hours to your vacation spot!David
 This game is very , very , very , very fun . Do n't buy it expecting an experience akin to the GameCube Third Age , though - this game comes to GBA as a strategy game , not a full-fledged RPG . The battles are intense and demand careful consideration for each move , lest your forces be eradicated by your computer opponent . The Third Age uses a turn-based battle system that reminds me of chess , the number of units you can move varying according to your commander 's leadership skills . Their are six commanders total to choose from , my favorites being Aragorn and the Witch King . You can play this game as either good or evil . I like being good because it feels so good to destroy those nasty orcs , but I like being evil because then I do n't feel so guilty when one of my units dies . Another cool feature of this game is that you can not only link up with others who own this game , you can also play two-player hotseat multiplayer on just one system . The bottom line ? An awesome game for those who either like strayegy games or LOTR games or both . I could n't stand Advance Wars , but I love the Third Age . I 'm still waiting on Nintendo to come out with LOTR games for the DS ...
 To start this review , I must say that this is the best game I have ever played for the GBA . Heres how it works
 This game is the best GBA game I 've ever played . You can play battles and use characters from all three movies . There are countless battles in which you can test your skills against good or evil . This game has charachters that have different talents and uses which allows you to fight battles in many different ways , styles , and techniques as fighting for the safety of middle-earth as good or try to trample the lives and spirits of men and elves as evil . There are many bonus levels and bonus charachters which makes the game very interesting and exciting so you can play over and over again and never get bored . Overall this game is a must for anyone who likes The Lord of the Rings movies .
 LOTR The Third Age is a turn-based strategy game . You first choose your commander which you will control for ever level except for training -LRB- which I reccomend you take -RRB- . For the good
 As the title states , this is the best strategy game for GBA . There are five secret missions you can get
 Certainly worth the $ 3.50 I spent on it . Would n't pay much more though . I was looking for a cheap , used , easy to play game for my GBA -LRB- I still do n't have a DS yet even though the DSi is now out . -RRB- This fit the bill nicely.Graphics are down right horrible even for GBA or movie licensing standards . Everything 's muddy and washed out . But it 's not about graphics its about strategy . It is amusing for a simple strategy game -LRB- and yes it is simple , otherwise go look for Atlus imports , Tactics or Advance Wars -RRB- and has a higher replayability than 90 % of the garbage with a LoTR tie in . I played through the evil and light campaigns a few times , unlocked everything in a few weeks just playing in front of the tv or during weekend travels , so yeah.Worth the $ 3.50 as a filler game . If you can find it for a couple of bucks toss it into a larger order for free shipping .
 Brand new , quick shipping , very fun and does n't seem to get old , unlock-able characters are cool too and upgrades make them better
 First this is a St Louis Rams wireless controller so dont pay attention to the title . Second the L2/R2 buttons are the same size as the L1/R1 buttons . Im so used to playing with the original controller this feels funny but once i kept using it i got use to it . GO RAMS !!
 this game is a lot of fun if you just want to fly around and shoot stuff . but the story line is basicly all the series so if your a trek fan its really predictable . but with the skirmish mode is a lot of fun if you really do just want to fly around and shoot stuff . at first i was n't going to buy legacy but this game did n't quite quench my thirst so this game is definetly just to hold us over .
 Good game . Fun . Although I am stuck already trying to follow Zindi warp trails .
 Great game from the music to the graphics . The 3 multiplayer modes were surprisingly fun to play -LRB- Yes , three -RRB- . First is called head-to-head meaning one ship vs one ship with frag limits you set . Second battle mode is -LRB- Three different classes of ships -RRB- vs -LRB- Three different classes of ships -RRB- first one to destroy all three ships wins . You unlock ships from playing the episodes -LRB- Ex . ships from Federation , Romulan , Cardasian , Klingon , Xindi & More -RRB- . Third Mode is to see how many waves of ships can you survive against until you die . The Episodes are well done and do n't let the word arcade scare you even Grand Tourismo 3A had an arcade mode . WOW ! This game has been fun . Now , that the Glowing endorsement is done the negatives . One the transporting is difficult and sometimes impossible to due to the camera angles causing a person to fail a mission time and time again while waiting for the game to cycle to Away Team . There is a learning curve like with flying and firing weapons but given practice this game becomes fun quickly -LRB- even flying the Defiant is fun I got the chance to blow up a Romulan war bird with it , what fun -RRB- .
 This game has so many good things going for it . One of my favorite is the two dimensional three dimensions . Rather than making the game three dimensional where it is hard to orient oneself on a small screen they made the game two dimensional but with three planes . So while there are still three dimensions you get the ease of use of two dimensions!I would recommend this one much more than it 's upgrade Star Trek
 I like Star Trek and I was looking for some out-of-the-box entertainment . So I picked this one . I am very pleased with it . It will be great to play and watch at a big screen with high resolution . It is a lot of fun and even my girlfriend liked it . There are so many star ships , worlds , characters , etc. that every fan will have great time with it . Enjoy .
 To all those people having problems of the game not loading with the `` disc read error ''
 Bethesda Softworks provided a huge variety of starships to choose from and fight against , and the game appears to have extended playability , meaning that even if you beat the solo player modes , you can come back for more.I picked this title up and I have gotten past the ` Enterprise ' era . The controls of this game are rough and awkward , with missions requiring that you do multiple things at one time . Steering while using sensors , steering while using sensors to find the enemy to shoot . Steering while using sensors and trying to fumble for the weapons toggle . I guess my only gripe for this game that there is too much reliance on sensors in the game . The developers packed as much realism in to the game as they could , including a limited 3D playing surface requiring you to pilot your starship above and below some objects.The game includes a dynamic camera system that zooms in and out depending on the action and the extent of your ship 's sensor range . While this can be nice in the effect that it gives you a greater field of view , it can turn in to a pain in the buttisimo as your ship can be hard to see.The only voice talent we see provided in this game is William Shatner , lending his famous voice for cut-scenes with what seems to be half-hearted script readings . The game would have benefited more from having era-Captains -LRB- Archer , Kirk , Picard , Sisko , and Janeway -RRB- reading their own parts . At the very least , it would have improved the atmosphere of an already good game.One other improvement I would have included , had I been on the development team , would have been a two player cooperative mode , allowing for one person to control the movement of the ship & power allocation , and the other to control sensors and weapons.I recommend this game for Star Trek fans . Non-fans may or may not enjoy this offering from the Star Trek Universe .
 I 'm not entirely blown away , but for the price it was just perfect . I had my doubts when I first bought it , but when I started playing , the experience of flying a starship was awesome . The learning curve is a little steep and I would of liked maybe a map of the sector that I was in , but hey that 's okay . It is easily forgivable considering the price . Ol' Captian Kirk lends in his voice to narrate , but to me he does n't sound too motivated , as if he was reading out of a book to himself . I would of love to be able to explore stars and nebulas more as well as blow other ships up , and that sort of happens , but not to the extent that I would of like it to be . Overall , I am pleased with the outcome of the game , the price is outstanding because I believe we have gotten more than we actually paid for , and this is a perfect game for any Star Trek fan . If this is what we get for the Playstation 2 , I ca n't wait for Star Trek
 This is a fun game if you just want to hop in a ship and blow some people up . You will have to suffer through the missions to do so , however . Most of them are far from fun . In particular , the first series of missions is extermely unfun . Finishing the missions is very unrewarding . It is a small game , maybe 10 hours of gameplay through the storyline at best.But if you 've always wanted to pilot the Defiant against a fleet of Species 8472 , Borg , Xindi , Klingon , and Romulan ships , all at the same time , you 'll enjoy the game enough to more than cover the low price of the game .
 A must have for any and every trekkie . I absolutely love this game . When I first started playing , I was disappointed because it looked like you could only play from the perspective of the Enterprise crew -LRB- Archer -RRB- . But I was mistaken , you can fly ships from whichever series you would like
 thanks for the game in such good condition , Happy Fourth of July ! the case and game are in really good shape , thank you for sending it out right away
 Encounters is a complicated flight game . Fly a Federation ship across space . At first it is complicated . Once you get a hang of it , it is a fun and entertaining game . Spend hours flying around obstacle courses , finding hidden federation badges that get you additional items . Faster is not always better .
 I was n't sure about this game , but after playing and beating it , i 'm glad i bought it . You start from the enterprise era , and work your way through the show , and at the very end you play the sovereign era . For 2 player , you can do head to head , battlefest , which you select 3 ships from a pre-arranged group and select the enemies ships , then battle it out through all three ships . You can also do an onslaught where you face off against all the ships in the game in increasing waves . For arenas , it was very colorful , and had a wide variety of planets and nebulas . The ship combat was very well designed , you can play a huge variety of federation , klingon , romulan , xindi , dominion , cardassian , and even borg ships in two player . The narration by william shatner -LRB- captain kirk -RRB- was a nice bonus to the gameplay . All together , it was a very well put together game , and even though it was a arcade style shoot em ' up , it gave a nice storyline with a great finsish at the last mission .
 i loved it and im not the only one . just play and have fun and you will enjoy it .
 I was a little disappointed when I heard that the PS2 exclusive game ` Encounters ' was going to be just a shoot-em-up . I was hoping for more of a Trek experiance , but I have to say that it 's been enjoyable so far.The gameplay is a top-down perspective on the battles , with each mission being a chapter in a much larger campaign . Missions include objectives such as destroy all enemy , recon missions , escort and rescue missions . Each campaign takes place in a different Trek era , from ` Enterprise ' all the way to ` Voyager ' -LRB- and the mysterious ` Soverign ' campaign -RRB- . You get a choice of two different weapons , 2 alternate functions -LRB- such as tractor beam , mines -RRB- and the ability to switch power around , diverting energy from one system to another , such as weapons , shields and engines . All the enemies from each series are present , from the Xindi to the ever-fave Klingons.As far as graphics go , the effects are pretty but the scenery is bland . Since its a space-battle game only , the locales are pretty much all the same - some changes like nebula fields and debris strewn space mix it up a bit , but the battles and areas get repetitive and for some very tedious . However , once you get past the idea that the whole point of the game is simply space shooting -LRB- the story elements are tacked on -RRB- it can be pretty fun . The best part still remains the narration by William Shatner , even though he sounds like he 's bored out of his mind.At the budget price it 's definitely one to pick up if your a Trekkie waiting for a good , fun Trek game .
 Play this game at the start with ONSLAUGHT modesingle player , and score above 500,000 points.Even though you 'll only have the NX-01 Enterprise , it can be done . When it 's time to put your name , put in `` 4jstudios '' in lowercase , all ships and all mission levels will be unlocked , score one more time above 500,000 points , -LRB- pick voyager ship , fastest , small , long firing phasers -RRB- and when you enter your name a second time put `` bethesda '' this will give you all the character cards for ship powerups . Then you can play any level and any ship , without having to do the missions , -LRB- which some are tough -RRB- . The secret to this game is to remember to use your L1 and L2 buttons which raise and lower your ship while fighting this makes it harder for enemies to lock on to you while you can lock on to them . Use your phasers to detonate the torpedoes that come at you , collect the `` energy `` powerups to last longer in battle . You can PLAY CO-OPwith a buddy . Use `` 4jstudios '' and `` bethesda '' in LOWERCASE , I tried capital letters like the `` net '' sites show but it does n't work.For arcade style action shoot 'em up game witha star trek theme this is a great game esp using the 2 codes to easily unlock everythingfor only $ 14.99 . Sometimes the music getsirritating so put on a cd of something you like . -LRB- `` star trek cd with a battle song works well ! '' -RRB- This game does n't have horrible glitches , it runs smoothly , only on a mission or two , was the camera angle a problem and you can manuever your ship a little and then it 's ok again . If you can play Super Smash Melee type games etc , then you can play this game . I am a casual ordinary player , and always wanted a fun trek game , and esp with the 2 codes , I am amazed how much fun I 'm having with this 2d top down view game , that has a limited 3d byusing the all important L1 & L2 buttons for upand down . The secret to the chase mission `` rings '' is to fly using L1 or L2 flying high or low and hitting the rings at 10 o'clock or 2 0 ` clock positions .
 I have to admit , I did n't play the ` Rings ' level -LRB- which is a training level to help you get used to the controls -RRB- , but my 10 year-old got through it in 3 tries . Sheesh , kids today ... But what I can tell you is that this game seems to be a lot of fun for the low cost . I think the graphics are nice , but the Shatner narration was n't necessary if he was n't going to put any of his normal over-acting into it.The game-play is ... different . Its not that it is difficult , it just takes some time getting used to because the controls are different than any other game I 've played . Then again , you are flying through three dimensional space , so it SHOULD be different.For the price this is a fun game to have in my collection!Regarding Disc Errors : Some people here have mentioned about this game giving them disc errors , and then when they get Amazon to send them a replacement , they still get those errors . So let me address that here.If your older PS2 has problems with playing blue-plastic discs -LRB- as our does -RRB- , all you have to do is put 2 or more strips of scotch tape -LRB- one inch strips in length each should be fine -RRB- around the inner circle of the disc 's logo . Place them parralel to each other -LRB- using 2 pieces placed evenly parralel keeps the disc ballanced -RRB- . We have tried this on all of our blue-plastic game discs and it has worked every time ! Apparently the plastic inner-ring of the blue discs is thinner than the clear discs , which makes it difficult for older PS2s to catch and spin the disc up to proper speed , so you get the Disc Read errors instead . Try it , if it does n't work you can peel off the tape and return the disc . Good Luck !
 For the price , it is definitely worth getting . I 'm a fan of Enterprise , so I wish they had more than three levels of it . It is really cool to see all of the ships we have grown to love in Trek appear on screen , especially to see the NX-01 make its video game debut ! The game can also be challenging , which is good that it is not too easy . The controls are excellent . The flying controls are so smooth ; it really does feel like the ship is flying . Shatner lends his voice at the beginnings of each level , which is pretty cool . Sadly , you ca n't skip the story if you lose which becomes just a little annoying if you lose a lot . Overall , this is definitely worth having if you have a PS2 . For the price , it is really amazing and I 'm really looking forward to Star Trek
 I picked up this game on Oct 4th . My first impressions are pretty good . The graphics are good for a PS2 game . The music is very well done and gives you the Star Trek feel . The game spans the 40 years of Star Trek and it includes all the TV shows of Trek . The game is narrated by non other than William Shatner . The episode mode starts off in the Enterprise era where you have to take the ship on training missions before you proceed in the game . The further you go along in the game , the more ships and arenas -LRB- ie DS9 backdrop , Jupiter Station scene -RRB- from other shows you unlock . There is also a skirmish mode where you can fight one on one with the computer or another player . This is an arcade style shoot em up game which can be challenging at times . I recommend this game for any Trek fan or anyone who like shoot em up games .
 Yes , I hate the rings , I hate the races . But it 's only really intolerable in one level , `` The Chase '' in the Voyager section . It 's also slow to load.But other than that , this was a huge bargain for $ 15 ! I felt it really captured the spirit of Trek , and I found most of the missions very enjoyable . I 've put a lot of hours into the regular `` story '' levels , and there 's still so much replay value with the different types of skirmishes . It 's MORE than enough for this 41 year old Trek fan and casual gamer.That said , if it was n't Trek , if they were n't Trek ships , I probably would not have enjoyed it nearly as much , and I 'm sure I would have walked away after 2 hours of trying to beat `` The Chase '' . Life is short . But I really want to play the Next Gen Movies `` Sovereign '' class levels , so I kept at it.If there 's a sequel -LRB- unlikely -RRB- , I 'll buy it . It 's certainly NOT `` Starfleet Command '' , but it just about captures that feeling for me from the comfort of my couch rather than my PC.One star off of `` Fun '' for ... `` THE CHASE '' !!! ugh !
 Yes , yes , we have all heard the same thing about this game . The flying through the ring levels are extremely frustrating . I know i have sat through this game and wanted to put my controller through the screen , or even eject the disk and frisbee it out the window , but im glad i didnt . For the price of this game you cant beat it , not to mention that its graphics and simplicity are far better than any of the previous star trek console games . Plus you get play quick skirmish mode and use any ship you want to play as and fight against any enemy you want -LRB- mind you that you must unlock them first -RRB- , which i why i kept playing the game , just to unlock the ships . This game gives you alot for a cheap price . You get to command at least 7 different type of federation starships against 3 different type of alien ships per race . Like the Jem ` hadar fighter , cruiser , and battleship . There are also the Romulans , Klingons , Xindu , Cardassians , Kazon , and the Borg , all with 3 ships in there fleet . You also fight against the Orion raiders and team up with Species 8472 . You cant beat that for around $ 20 bucks . So even if flying through rings or scaning for warp trails may seem a little frustrating , but by the time you unlock all the ships , it will be well worth it when you play them in skirmish mode .
 Video Game was very entertaining.Video Game arrived in a very timely fashion.Video Game arrived in excellent condition .
 This game , for a handheld , is an excellent title for Star Trek fans . Before I begin with my praise however , I will cover the games defects.There are a number of bugs and freezes that really should have been screened by quality assurance before this game had a chance to release . The notable bugs are in the Klingon campaign , where I have suffered two freezes and found a break in the crew banter whereing I hailed and scanned two ships that I had already destroyed.In terms of gameplay , this titles failures are in the AIs inability to adapt -LRB- which I have decided is acceptable for a handheld title -RRB- and the lack of a proximity alarm feature . I could have made good use of a proximity alarm several times as I 've played through the game , which would have helped me to avoid crashing into a starbase -LRB- leading to the destruction of said base -RRB- and countless asteroids , although I accept that this is simply a part of play , the fixed camera angles make it an annoying circumstance given the heavy damage to shields and hull . I also wish that they had used a more Jedi Academy / Jedi Outcast style for mulitplayer , in that you could allot a number of upgrade points to your crew individually instead of simply selecting a general proficiency level , as a player using a lower force mastery setting could beat one with a higher one by wisely alloting points , so too might an ensign crew defeat a captain if they focused thier points in an area where the captain player was weak.I have read several reviews in which people anticipated traditional RTS style play or were dissapointed with the games play premise . To clarify for these people , the tactical end of this game , and the spirit which the game makers were attempting to capture in my opinion , is the spirit of battle sequences from the TOS movies , such as the Wrath of Khan . In this regard , the game succeeds brilliantly , the player must be able to command his/her vessel in a tacitcal scenario that the game presents , outmanuevering , outgunning , or outsmarting the AI opponents.the ability to customize your playstyle through advanced crew training is a very nice touch , and it holds water for immersion as you can take the crew from ship to ship . Another nice immersion touch is the language option for the Klingon interface , which you may set to display in tlhlngan Hol in the options menu . It gives the Klingon campaign a very immersive feel , and does not interfere with play as the control layout for every ship is identical except for aesthetics , such as a green romulan layout and the traditional red triangular look of Klingon computer terminals used for those ships.The story arc covers almost all of the classic star trek story types , I 'd like to make particular mention of the federation campaign , where you discover that pirates attacking mining freighters are actually disgruntled miners , and that an unscrupulous mining administrator is the real villian . Later on you must protect previous federation enemies from a starship gone rogue . Though this could be criticized as rehashing old Trek plots , in a simulation game of this kind , it 's an excellent choice . In addition , the writers have chosen to center the game on the Khitomer Massacre , and the events which follow , allowing the player to explore a previously ambiguous portion of Trek history between the Undiscovered Country and TNG wherein the alliance between the Klingon Empire and the Federation truly solidifies . In the Klingon campaign , the dialogue is well written to reflect the rich Klingon culture that has been developed over the franchise 's long run , and you will find yourself chuckling at dialogues from both campaigns and enjoy the opportunites to parley with enemy ships , although in the Klingon campaign this is tantamount to a reminder that you mean to shove torpedoes down thier throats.The gameplay itself has a good learning curve , and becomes difficult later on requiring a good grasp of Khan style tactics . It is to your benefit to play with all the ships you can in skirmish mode , the reason for this is to familiarize yourself with enemy capabilities . For example , in the federation campaign you will be pitted against many different types of Klingon ships . By playing as those ships in skirmish , you will be able to see where their shields are weakest , how man guns they bring to bear from which angle , and how manueverable each vessel is . Many times while playing through both campaigns I was only able to win because I knew something about these ships that the computer did n't -LRB- pardon my qoute -RRB- . You will have to carefully manage your resources in terms of weapons , shields and energy , and manueverability is an important skill to master as the computer knows to try and use it 's shields in a similarly effective manner . By customizing your crew , you will be able to choose your playstyle ; for example , my federation playstyle is heavily reliant upon my ability to recharge shields , while my Klingon crew is optimized to allow me to outgun my opponents.I have not yet had an opportunity to explore the multiplayer and will not comment on it at this time.For the price , this game is worth your time , and its flaws are a rare enough occurence that I find them forgivable . I have thusfar run about 8 hours of gameplay on it and am near completion of the Klingon campaign .
 I 'm an avid star trek fan and I enjoy playing any starship simulation battle games . With the recent price drop on the dsi systems I decided to see if they have any star trek games . To my surprise they had one . It is a fun game following through the story line and upgrading the ship is the best part for survival . The federation story line goes up to level 15 and the klingon storyline goes up to level 16 . I thought the game finished with the federation but to my surprise the klingon half is equally fun if not more . Dealing with the romulans was a challenge . The federation story stopped with you in command of the heavy cruiser they should have finished the story with you commanding the dreadnought . Yes as other reviewers put down , it can get routine , scanning , hailing and warping but those are the things you expect from a trek game , not bad for 32 bit graphics . I liked the challenge of asteroids can disable your shields and the romulans and klingons cloaking and de-cloaking can be a challenge to lock on and fire phasers . Still I liked the storyline plot , too bad bethesda dont make any more trek games for the dsi format . I have played the pc format on the xp machine and that is slow . I like the nostaglic uniform look for that time period and I like how the system interacts with the funny expressions on their faces when they get mad . I would recommend this game for any fan and collector because you know anything star trek will be worth something than the cost of the product .
 I purchased this game for my 12 year old son , and he really enjoys playing it . According to him , it is challenging and fun .
 I thought this game was very good but the federation missions are too short . The klingons kinda suck because enemies have to be right in front of you to fire . gameplay was fun . I liked the story line and missons.Recommended for trekkies
 I wo n't comment on the accuracy of the Star Trek canon in this game but if you are considering purchasing it consider the following
 After reading the review in Nintendo Power -LRB- they gave it a 4 out of 10 -RRB- , I was sceptical about this game . Deciding to give it a chance , I discovered that they really messed up on the rating . As the title implies , this is tactical . For those live action gamers ; do n't worry . It 's not turn based tactics , it 's real-time . Rather than flying straight at the enemy and blasting them , though , you have to hit them strategically , and time your shots to lower their shields . After that you have to finish them before they can do the same to you . This concept is incredibly addictive and most space battles are long . The Wireless mode is super fun , blasting your pals as a Klingon ship is always fun . The graphics are pretty nice , too , for a DS game . If you are all graphics , then you would n't like this game . But it 's been proven that gameplay comes before graphics , and this one scores big time in that category . You are also able to make decisions to avoid conflict and these situations really put your logic and deplomacy to the test . This game is a worthy addition to any collection ; especially if you are a Trekkie .
 I was hoping to finally have a handheld version of `` Starfleet Command '' from the PC , and I got it ... sort of . The `` feel '' of the game is very similar , but a lot of the extra goodies that really differentiated between ships and races got streamlined out . No drones , no tractors , none of the race-specific exotic weapons , and only Federation or Klingon to choose from . All right , enough bashing . The controls are good and the action is fast . All in all very entertaining , if a little simpler than I would have liked , and a must for die-hard Trek fans .
 Do n't know why the reviews are low for this game.If I had listened to the reviews I would be missing out on a good game.If you played Star Trek Bridge Commander and Star Trek Legacy on the pc then this is how this game plays.You even get to interact with other ships and races.You must even decide on making a choice and deciding if it is the right one you made.There is statagy involved there are firing arcs on the ship and while waiting for your phasers and photons to reload you may need to distance yourself or hide behind an asteroids until your weapons recharge.Once weapons recharge go in with your weapons firing.If you a Trek fan and like space combat with ships pick this game up.Like I said I was very suprised how good this game was .
 I think that the sharklight is alot better than the worm light only in the way that it is shaped . I have been thinking of buying a worm light but ever since I have seen this item I fell in love with it . Well , hope you feel the same way i do !!!!!!!!
 I like the look the of the Sharklight and its doing a good job lighting the screen .
 i just got my new gameboy advanced and i love it but their is only one problem the screen is not self lit so you have to buy the accesory but besides that this machine is close to perfect .
 I 've been reading the reviews on the sharklight and some of them say that the light keeps moving but with me is the other way around . The little piece that you attach to the gameboy is so tight that I ca n't remove it and as a result I can not put the gameboy in its travel pack because it does n't fit anymore , its really annoying and not helpful at all . I wish I would have read these reviews before buying it !
 Do not listen to these people.Forget abot it . This light works well , IF U BUY BATTERIES FOR IT . It is very handy . My eyes would allways hurt from staring at the screen . YOU WONT SCRATCH THE SCREEN IF U BE A LITTLE MORE CAREFULL . Worth the money !!
 if you are looking to be able to play in the dark than deffinitaly get this item . it is also good because it also magnifys the screen and is normally cheaper than other lights.but of course like most items there are some bad parts , sometimes instead of focusing on the game you look at the lightbulb reflecting on the screen.and i have gotten coments like , `` do you need that because you have really bad eyesight '' , or '' you look like an old man with that '' . but other wise , this is a really great item and is really worth it .
 you guys are dumb!you should n't of bought if you thought it would of been stupid!first of all i do n't know about you but the light worked perfectly for me.It did ' t sratch my gba because I unlike some people know how to use it!I did n't bring it outside and it dropped into this big hole because i know better!So costemers I recomend it.It works when your in the car at knight and your really bored.I really recomend it !
 A refreshing change of pace from the usual console game fare ; however , I do n't think this game is for everybody.If you enjoy games that require you to think your way through a problem , then you might want to check this out ; stealth , speed and wits are more important than firepower.The interface is a little awkward , but I was able to adapt to it fairly quickly . Graphically , the game is well done , but does n't even begin to stress the abilities of the Dreamcast ; this is no SoulCaliber!In short , this is a thinking person 's game ; if you enjoy your action served up fast and furious , then this may not be for you .
 i 've read at least 10 reviews of -LSB- Industrial Spy -RSB- , and every single one of those authors did NOT enjoy this game at all . This fact made me very reluctant to play the game , but since I 'd already bought it - i thought i might as well try it.It would be an understatement to say that I thoroughly enjoyed this game !! ^ ^ It was very mind-challenging -LRB- although sometime a bit too tedious -RRB- and had excellent character designs . Unlike many other games I 've played , this one actually made me think . hard . ^ 0 ^ ~ Gameplay is easy and quickly understood , and it is quite interactive . : -RRB- the cons of this game are the poor sound/background effects . Although the character designs are gorgeous , the same thing can not be said for the 3-dimensional figures
 this game looked cool when i got it but it didnt work5 stars estimate for a working one
 Star Trek fans have had some pretty funny luck when it comes to video games . For every good game like Starfleet Command or Elite Force there is an Star Trek
 Star trek legacyThey have done A great job on this game . Graphics are awsome . Game play is different from any other game out there . So it takes time to get use to controls.Any one who has played all the other ship to ship star trek combat games will love this game.I just got this game the other day havent stop playing it since . I think the learning curve on it is taking me some time but Im getting the hang of ship controls . Theres nothing more exciteing to be launching photon topedoes at romulons . Not sure how the pc is but the Xbox 360 is right on . I had to change the difficuty settings to easy until I get the hang of it .
 Great graphics . Amazing gameplay . Tons of ships to choose from . The best game I have ever played . The 360 version is well worth it . The controls are a little tough to get used to but once you do the game is fun .
 The other reviews I read about this game were really accurate , the controls for Xbox 360 were probably a lot better than the PC version but still a little frustrating at times but the battles really made up for the small frustrating things about the game like how the fourth ship under your control wo n't attack what you tell it but the others will . I actually wished the game was longer and that the versus scenarios had more options . All around though , the storyline and battles made up for the few downfalls .
 I bought this game largely under the idea that i could play it at home for two player -LRB- look at the case , it says players
 The game is surprisingly fun and simple to get the hang of as long as you spend the time to do the tutorial . I hate doing tutorials but the game drew me in pretty fast and the story was fun to follow.I love the ability to choose what ships you want to buy . This allows you to customize combat to fit your individual style . Some might like smaller faster ships or save up and buy some of the big boys and just punch it out with the baddies.The only real complaint that i have now that Bethesda patched the single player campaign is the shoddy wobbly DVD that sounds like it wants to tear up my drive every time it spins up . The DVD has so much silk screening on it that its unbalanced . More annoying than anything else.All in all , I plan to get the PC version for some of the extensive modding that 's being done .
 I 've played just about every Star Trek game on the market -LRB- Bridge Commander , Starfleet Command series , Star Trek Armada series , Dominion Wars , Star Trek Encounters , Star Trek Tactical Assault , Klingon , DS9 the Fallen , Elite Force , etc. ... -RRB- and I have n't quite found one that gives me what 've wanted until now . Bridge Commander + Starfleet Command were the closest . This game worked for me because it felt like I was replaying a fleet battle from the TV series - where I can enjoy the tactical elements and the spectacular 3D ship-to-ship battle graphics.This game is at its best when it requires you to develop a strategy , such as splitting your fleet apart to tackle multiple things simultaneously , requiring you to use the tactical map and fleet controls.E.g . I had to locate bases that were creating drones that were poisoning the sector . So I dispatch all ships to all planets to locate all the bases . Then I pair up the ships so that one pair -LRB- the battleships -RRB- goes to each station to destroy them , while the remaining pair -LRB- cruisers -RRB- seeks out and dispatches the drones . Then eventually on the final station I consolidate the entire fleet for the final assault . Keeping fleet sizes to a maximum of 4 gives the game a light-weight command and conquer flavor but yet still gives you needed control of the helm so you can execute the satisfying kills . I find myself using the tactical display alot to maintain awareness . Then i have to switch to ship view to make sure each ship is targeting the right enemy.Here are the negatives I found : The missions can last about 30 minutes and there are no save points in between . So if you die , you 're screwed . That 's not been too bad because the tactical elements let you try a different strategy the second time.The controls appear difficult at first . It took me about an hour to get used to them . But once you 've mastered the fleet controls the game takes on a far more interesting dimension than a mindless slug fest.3-space control can get wacky , so your best bet is to target enemies and allow the computer to do most of the flying so you can just worry about firing the torpoedoes and phasers .
 I finally got this game for the xbox 360 , and I have to say its a little different than what I expected -LRB- the controls take a good few minutes to work out -RRB- , in fact its better !!!! The online multiplayer games are so much fun.There are a few glitches here and there with graphics . But other than that It looks great.Love it.P.S . Dont listen to PC owners . If you have a 360 buy this game . Its just awesome .
 This is written by a part time gamer who simply likes to enjoy a game . I find most games are far too difficult for the part time gamer even on the easy setting . All games should have a `` Very Easy '' option . I suspect that there are many others like me who would buy more games if they were not so difficult.I thought the rest of the game was very good . I found two of the missions too difficult even on the Easy setting . I wish these really were easy . The controls were not all that intuitive either . Recommend people check out guides and walkthroughs .
 It was a bit hard to figure out at first but once we got the hang of it it is the most used game in the house .
 I purchased this game for my husband & he is so happy with it . He has wanted it for a long time . We were able to get a good deal on an X-Box recently so I came onto Amazon & ordered it . He said it is a great game with great graphics . . The company I ordered from did a wonderful job on getting to us very quickly & in great shape . Very happy with my overall experience .
 I am pleasantly surprised by Star Trek
 I see some people have unreal expectations for the game . It is star trek . Its not meant to be like the tv shows because its basically a space ship battle simulator . You do need to spend time learning the controls . Some people complain about lack of ai . Well if you learn the controls you can get your fleet to go where you want them to go without trouble . As far as the ai in the battles they will fight to the death unless you call them out of battle . You must pay attention to your fleet.Theres a wealth of ships and the voice talent is top notch . The graffics are very nice and its a good 3d eviorment . As far as price what do you expect all games are 50-60 from release.I will say that the game is too short they needed to extend the missions . I dont do online gaming so now that im done with it . I am truely done with it theres no replayability to it at all .
 I have read some other reviews and I have no idea why anyone would have experienced a `` learning curve '' with the controls for this game , to be fair I was n't expecting an ace combat clone in the first place , the only thing I have noticed is the controls locking up if I change between ships repeatedly , not that I have n't ended up up-side-down now and then , but I at least had an idea I was n't right-side-up long before . The ships themselves are great , beautiful even , but a little to `` class specific . '' Considering that each era would need to have almost completely different controls and handling I can forgive them the choice to make the game playable first . The story itself was the weakest part of the whole mix , but since Star Trek almost always seems to be burdened with to much story , be it continuity or just endless-endless talking , I really wo n't complain too much , the talking at least was kept to the minimum by Star Trek standards . The game itself is just fun to play , as a fan , but for a non-fan I do n't think they would find it as much fun as I did . If you 're a fan , you most likely will enjoy this game , and hope for more like it , if not , go play a star wars game ; they are usually more `` fun . ''
 There have been many game 's out based on the Star Trek brand and some have been decent for the time and the format it was on ! The Star Trek Legacy was released for many formats such as the xbox 360 . The graphics are the best i have seen in a long time for a game of this type . The controls for the ship 's is not to hard but does have a learning curve . The sounds in the game are really well done and fit verry well for the game . The different amount of ships you can play makes it fun , from hunting down the borg or being the borg to destroy everyone else . There are so many ships to select from , you will end up having a great time with any of them.I have played other types of Star Trek games and liked them alot . So when i seen Star Trek Legacy was out for the xbox 360 . I placed my order for it ASAP . Only thing i could say after playing it for awhile this was the best star trek game to date . The makers of the game really done everything well and have put out a great game ! If your into space ship fights or a star trek fan then i would say this game is for you !
 I BOUGHT THE GAME FOR MY SON - HE GOT XBOX360 FOR CHRISTMAS-BOUGHT THE GAME FOR PC IN NOVEMBER-BUT WAS UNABLE TO INSTALL GAME W/O UPGRADING COMPUTER-WHEN MY OLDEST SON INSTALLED GAME CARD SON SO HE COULD PLAY - MY COMPUTER QUIT WORKING - WHEN HE TOLD ME ABOUT XBOX GAME I COULD NOT FIND AT STORES SO I WAS PRETTY HAPPY TO FIND GAME FROM AMAZON-THANK YOU FOR PRODUCT .
 I have seen a lot of biased feedback concerning this game but I still kept an open mind regarding the gameplay , graphics , storylines , etc. , and i am very glad that I did . I chose to purchase this game on the XBox 360 console and do not regret my decision one bit . This is by far one of the most addictive games that i own and certainly deserves a much better list of reviews than it has received thus far . I dare say that most of the people who are enjoying the game are too busy playing it to actually get online and post a review in its defense . I mean , why would you worry about the listings of others who say that they did not enjoy it if it completely contradicts what you are experiencing first hand and enjoying every bit of it . This game is as good as Star Trek Voyager Elite Force and even the Sega Genesis Star Trek TNG video game from that console for its time . Bethesda has done very well with this title and has , to me and others I am sure , kept up the quality that is present in their Elder Scrolls
 Sorry I have to say something to all the sellers selling this item . How are you selling this game for so much money , when you can still buy them used at Gamestop for $ 14.99 . I came on here hoping to get a copy for $ 10.00 at most . I played this game while it is fun . I know it is not worth what your selling it on amazon for . Could that be why they are not selling lol .
 If you are a star trek fan this game is worth it.At this time it is the only star trek game on the x box 360 system.It is also available on the PC.I 've finished this game six times . It takes patience . DO N'T GIVE UP.The strategy guide is not much help . I got through the game without it.If you ca n't finish the game keep it for a collectors item.There is only one cheat code which wont help you in the game.YOU CAN GET THROUGH THIS GAME . JUST KEEP TRYING !
 Let me first off state that you must know the controles in order to like this game . Once you know the controles ... You are set for a wonderful time . It takes about 30-40 mins to learn them . A quick scan of the instructions and the 1st level , is pretty much everything you need to know.The missions are not difficalt as other say . I beat the game in 4 hours and did not fail a single mission or lose a ship.However the saving system is as bad as eveyone says . Only saves after the mission . Where you choose replay mission or next mission . This is when it will save.Apart from the game being extreemly short -LRB- if you know how to play -RRB- ... Alot of the ships you will not get to use in the game . Because of the amount of command points you get are very small compaired to the cost of alot of ships . The only way to get more CP is to replay the mission -LRB- s -RRB- . If I wanted to I could of had 4 Enterprise E 's in later part of Generations Era.There are 15 missions ... 5 Enterprise , 5 Orginal , 5 Generation . They go by very fast and get progresively harder as you get to a new era.The story follows the Borg and a Vulkan woman set out to make `` paradise '' . Obviously you have to stop them at all costs.Multiplayer on the 360 is dead . No idea about the PC.Skermish mode will give you the chance to play all races in the game -LRB- except the Vulkan woman 's ship -RRB- . This is the next best thing to multiplayer . You can get quite of few hours of play time just with this mode ... As you test out your fleets.It would have been nice if they added 2 bonus missions per era to give you the chance to play Romulan and Klingon . Thats the only downside.I put this game up there with Starfleet Command series . Alot less things going on sure ... But just as much fun . It 's like bridge commander , but without the bridge.Trek fan 's , do yourself a fav and check this out .
 The makers had a good idea , great story line ... but nearly failed at controls and game play = -LRB- Some of the controls are great ... however I seem to recall that at least 90 % of torpedo 's that WERE fired actually HIT their target!Also I would think that the ships would turn easier at low speeds then faster ... Also the ships are over priced for what you get from them.Oh , and the 3d navigation is a pain , you ca n't just tell a ship to go to some spot up the Z-axis ... they will go to the ` plain ' to that spot -LRB- and then you have to move them the rest of the way to position them where you want to -RRB- ... I would say rent this first and try it out to see how you like it . If you do n't like it your only out $ 5 + / -
 I , like many have waited a long time for this game . I was a little discouraged when I read all the horrible reviews for the PC version . However , I decided to take my chances with the 360 version , considering that was the platform that the game was created for.I agree with another reviewer , why ca n't there be Star Trek music ? I 'm not saying that the music used is junk -LRB- which it is not -RRB- ; I 'm just saying that the use of actual Star Trek music would have made the atmosphere of the game feel more Star Trek like.The learning curve on the controls is huge . However , once you get the hang of it , the game flows quite nicely . It took me the first three missions before I even knew what was going on.The A.I. of your friendly starships needs to be improved . There were several missions that I had to replay because once I gave a ship a command and switched to another ship , the first ship started doing its own thing again . FYI , make sure you give a command on a fixed object , not just some random area . If you have played the game , you will understand that last comment.Why do I have to start a new campaign to replay an earlier mission ? I believe I should have the option to replay an earlier mission after I have completed it.It seems like there was great potential with the plot of the story mode . However , I feel it fell short of my expectations . It just seems like Bethesda summed the story up to fast . They could have added several more missions . I.e. more than one mission with the Enterprise D , an individual mission with the Defiant and or Voyager . Also , it would be a great idea to have a fourth option -LRB- Campaign , Skirmish , Multiplayer -RRB- `` Classic Mode '' which would include missions from the movies or the shows.I know you are thinking , how anything can be good after all the bad I just talked about . Well , believe me , this game rocks . Once you get the hang of the controls you are flying all over a 3D space environment in any Star Trek ship you can think of , -LRB- minus the Prometheus -RRB- . The graphics are really good , but not great . Sometimes it looks just like the shows , sometimes . I think they can fix some of the explosions and cut down on all the polygons of ships when they break apart.The skirmish and multiplayer is really a lot of fun . You need to get XBOX Live for this game.If there was a patch released for this game to fix all of the problems listed above I would give this game a `` 5 '' . Many of the problems I talked about are small and really do not prevent me form enjoying this game . If you are a hardcore Star Trek fan and are on the fence , do n't delay anymore , go buy this game .
 Star Trek is a series I ave been following since I was born pretty much . Which was in 1988 . This game perfectly demonstrates the 3 greatest captains star fleet ever saw . Picard # 1 , Kirk # 2 , Archer # 3 .
 Loved most everything about this , but no one plays online with it anymore . Recommend it for anyone looking for a good , single player Star Trek experience .
 This game was one of those ones that I was never going to be able to put down . I am a sucker for throwbacks .
 For every fan of Start Trek that wanted to take command of Star Fleet . this allows you to build and control groups of ships in various types of battles . Great game .
 If you are a Star Trek fan -LRB- like myslef -RRB- you will probably like it . The graphics are great and it is fun to play on-line against other people . There is not a lot of customizing other than adjusting your power distribution between engines , shields and weapons , but that often makes or breaks you in battle . While there is a story in the single player mode , I play mostly on-line and it can be a fun diversion . You quickly learn which ships and races are good and the battles become a little more predictable -LRB- i.e. Romulans suck , smaller Klingon ships are good , most people do n't know how to manuever the Borg and everyone loves the Defiant -RRB- . The on-line matches are customizable to length , number of ships and races and respawns and are fun . Depending on your connection speed , you may experience some problems connecting with matches . In addition , this late in the game -LRB- the game was released a year ago -RRB- there seems to be less people on to play with.It is not hard to learn . It can be fun to take 10 minutes out of your busy day , grab 4 starships and slug it out on-line . The graphics are great though the music and sound effects have a little to be desired -LRB- such as that annoying crew member telling you your going to have a warp core breech after your ship has already exploded -RRB- . Would I pay $ 59 for it ? I did and would probably again because I am a Star Trek fan . I wish it was more of a strategy game on-line . Good on-line game for those with ADD since most matches are 10 minutes or less .
 Many of the other views offer valid criticism of this game ; however , for those of us who have loved Star Trek for years nothing can top flying around in the original NCC-1701 and blowing Klingons and Romulans up ! That alone was worth the $ 60 . The only complaint I think is slightly unfair is the claim that the control are difficult and all I can say is that driving a battleship is going to be harder than flying a fighter plane . The controls are slow because big hunks of metal move slow and from an `` in game '' point of view that is about the only way the designers could convey the sense of size and power of these ships . In any event , it is Star Trek and it is a great game . Personally , I would have paid $ 60 just for the ship to ship combat simulator so the entire story is just an added bonus .
 I may not be the most die hard Star Trek fan but I do seek an adventure that is unmistakingly from the Final Frontier and that is accurate . With Star Trek Legacy , the structure and mapping of the game is so on point that it actually takes a bit away from the enjoyment.This is of course is just one man 's opinion , but when there are hostile encounters , a certain level of urgency motivates one to counter any offensive as quickly as possible . This just is n't likely when the ship controls and targeting systems and power distribution are so complex that one player can not multitask said responsibilties with any ease.I 'm only on the second mission and regardless of having three other ships in my fleet , it is quite hard to switch off back and forth and destroy the entire wave of Romulan attackers in the time allotted . Others may not have this problem , but it is reducing my opinion of the game.Regardless , other than no recognizable theme music , the voice cast lend creditability , and the graphics are nicely done . The gameplay is thought out in terms of functions , but not user friendly , IMO .
 I 'm used to pre-owned games not working or having scratches on them but this game was perfect no scratches , dents or anything to take away form gameplay , it was shipped fast and is very fun to play keep up the good work .
 Very good game . Easy to learn . Recommend this game to all the star trek lovers out there
 This game has gotten some bad reviews , but I disagree . The controls on the 360 are incredibly intuitive . You also get the hang of flying a bulky starship pretty quickly . Star trek fans will have great fun with the power distribution panel , which allows you to follow in the iconic footsteps of the great starfleet captains by diverting all power to shields , weapons , or engines . Also the concept of controlling a fleet of ships instead of a single ship , which at first seems tedious , quickly becomes fluid and natural . I think the only group who wo n't enjoy this game are gamers who are looking for a quick and simple shooter and who ca n't fully appreciate the strategy and tactics that I think make the game .
 In many ways this game is made after a Star Trek show -LRB- along the lines of the average Deep Space Nine or Voyager episode that goes absolutely nowhere -RRB- , but instead of exploring , using diplomacy , meeting new races , you simply fly your starship around and blast the hell out of your enemies . In many ways it 's a shame for those of us old-schoolers who played great games such as Star Control 2 and Starflight , because one gets the feeling while playing Star Trek
 If you 're a Star Trek fan , then you must pick this game up . The ships look great , and while initially hard to handle , once you get the controls down , you 're in for a good time . The amount of options available are nice , with plenty of ships for each era -LRB- including a number I do n't recall seeing before -RRB- . I 've seen some complaints concerning how slow the game is , and if you 're wanting authenticity , then do you really expect the Enterprise to be zipping about like an X-Wing fighter ? The ship battles in Star Trek were always meant to mimic those of naval warfare -LRB- nowhere better illustrated that the submarine-inspired battle in ` The Wrath of Khan ' -RRB- and when you take that in consideration , that 's when you can give your twitchy trigger finger a rest and get into the meat of the battle system ... strategy . Controlling your ` fleet ' of four ships has a bit of a learning curve , but once you get it down , meeting objectives and crushing the opposition can be quite gratifying.There are some not so great points , such as the slightly underwhelming production values -LRB- come one , this is Star Trek ... too many resources at your disposal to come up lacking -RRB- and that the captains sound like they 're half asleep during their voice overs -LRB- except for Archer , who sounds amped up -RRB- . Seriously though , aside from the learning curve and the decision to make a hulking starship control like a hulking starship -LRB- which to me is n't a bad thing -RRB- , you 'll find plenty to like about Legacy if you 're a Trek fan .
 This review specifically details the Xbox 360 version of this game , I know it got butchered in the PC version and I want everyone to know I have played this game on the 360 , waiting for each successive delay.Graphically , this game is very interesting , HUGE detailed backgrounds and particle effects , coupled with explosions make for a very interesting visual . I 'd say graphically this game rocks.I was very impressed with what they did with the 3d mapping as far as determining how to locate other planets/ships/etc . Too often when a game ends up in 3 dimensions it 's TERRIBLE to navigate , they used a very innovative approach in order to remedy this problem.The fact that this game has both online and offline play just adds to it 's fun , I have yet to play involved games online but from what I saw , and all of the insane amounts of ship options , it looks pretty dang good to me .
 I just got this game today and played it for about 4 straight hours . The graphics are really good if you have an HDTV . As already mentioned , the controls will take you a little while , maybe about a half hour or so to get used too , just for the fact that there are so many control options and it can be confusing when you first play . You can transfer more power to either shields , weapons , or engines . Tell your crew to concentrate repairs on certain damaged sections on the ship before others . Command others in your fleet , and change over to other ships in your fleet mid-mission . Also , you can control your Warp drive at anytime during the game as long as it 's fully charged . Warp comes in handy if your being beaten badly in a fight and need to make a quick jump to warp to gain some distance in order to make some quick repairs before heading back into battle . Just make sure you do n't wait too long and get too damaged . The first mission on the single player mode is a bit boring , but thats mainly so that you can get used to the controls and do n't get killed as soon as you start playing . What makes it the most fun is playing against others on Xbox Live . The main reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the weapon and targeting system could have been a bit better and sometimes do n't seem responsive enough . Overall , if your a Star Trek fan , I 'd highly recommend getting this game
 I waited a long time to buy this game . I like many others read most of the reviews and was set back from paying top dollar for the game . Now something i wouldnt agree with is paying 60 for this game when it first came out , but being able to get it for 20 is a great buy . This game has all the ships you would expect in the new updated xbox graphics . The game is beautifully displayed with great visuals of explosions weaponfire and objects . It adds a great ammount of detail and emersive gameplay to keep you entertained . The ship variations are stunning from the first enterprise all the way up to the enterprise E. Skirimish allows you to play with all the sub races from borg klingon and cardassian . -LRB- nothing like using a borg tactical cube to wreck havoc -RRB- Pro-Loads of ships to play with new and old classics-Graphics are amazing-Story is entertaining and is pretty straight forward-Controls are very easy to work and runs smooth-Can controll 4 ships at once rather than the typical one-Adding things like in game repairs and capture of structures stays true-Ships show scars of damage -LRB- can loose warp boosters and have reduced speed -RRB- - Ability to target subsystems in ships-You can run away from battles and repair then come back again at fullCon-Missions are very long with no save points dont fail a mission or your screwed-Story is not believable at all and in no way goes with the series -LRB- still fun -RRB- - Units sometimes dont shoot when you tell them to and will sit there and watch you die-Ships that you buy in the beginning have 0 use at the end of the game so save your money-Enemies dont chase you at warp if you run away . They follow at impulse which allows you plenty of time to run away repair and go back .
 Recently we had to replace our sons Game Boy Advance because the screen was broken when the car seat was moved . I think this would have saved the Game Boy Advance and our money . -LSB- ... -RSB- I agree with one review - take the cage off when you play and put it back on when you finish .
 ... or 5 . I 've found that most of the scratches on my daughter 's GBC are from droping it while walking and having it slide face down on asphalt or cement . While some reviewers have noted that the things most likely to scratch the screen are smaller than the roll cage would protect against , the whole point , as I see it , is to keep the display off the ground when -LRB- not if -RRB- you drop it.Just my two cents ... I 'm getting her one for x-mas .
 OK , picture this . A couple of your friends are behind you messing around when push comes to shove and one of themflies into you while you 're playing your GBA , and it falls from your hands onto the concrete below . This was a situation that happned to me . My rollcage was on my GBA and saved it from screen and other damage . I did n't give it four stars because it does n't , however , save your GBA from corner damage on the sides of it . If you need basic-drop-it-on-the-ground protection get Interact 's Bumper GBX .
 I think this is a remarkable item . its very cool . and it works pretty well if you ask me . i give it five stars .
 I found it annoying while playing it , But it is useful when not playing cus if u have sweaty hands like me , and drop it , it wont hurt the screen . otherwise when im playing i use the screen attachment so try what i do and put it on hwen you are done playing :-RRB- Hey it worked for me !
 I dont think it is helpfull it may protect the screen but it gets in the way and makes it look ugly
 yes !! the first handheld with a roll bar !!! now you do n't have to carry your game boy in a crapy purce like carying case !!! now you can stick it in your pocket and not worry about `` busting it '' YES !!!!
 This was horrible it was goofy and it was to big to fit in your pockets if you get it , you would bne throwing your money away !!!
 I really liked this game . I think that I hyped it up too much in my mind after enjoying the first one so much . I still think I like the first one better . I play both still , but the first is my favorite . Maybe it 's just the if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it kinda thing . I recommend getting it . The new characters are a lot of fun , and the new courses are great too .
 I have played a few times . My husband has been glued to it . He will not let our son have his Playstation2 back . The characters are fun . The play is good . It has alot of consideration for real golf . The characters actually express anger at times for missing an easy shot -- noting violent though -- ! It has some fun little tunes on it too . A great way to golf when it 's snowy out or not ideal to go golfing . An all around good game for all golfer or not !!
 MORE PERSONAILTY IN THE GOLFERS . THE COLLECTIBLES ARE A LITTLE WEAK . BUT STILL VERY MUCH FUN
 I got this game because I wanted a game to play with my friends who do n't play video games as much as I do . The learning curve is pretty good and it can take less than a round to get a good grip on the game , but much longer to master it . As you play against different opponents and beat them you are then able to play as them . Going through the tournament season opens up courses and doing well gives some cool prizes.Controls are simple , but you can do a lot with them . Spin and terrain play a large role in this game and really add a lot . Still , the best thing about this game is that it does n't take long to get the hang of , so novices can pick it up pretty quickly . Also , because of its cartoonish look , it 's a blast when everyone is drunk!Single player of multi , this game is a lot of fun .
 The original Hot Shots Golf has to be my most played game EVER , and I 've owned systems for every video game generation since Colecovision . The sequel , then , has some enormous shoes to fill . In the end , it does so quite nicely . For starters , it 's slicker than the original , with better graphics , more realistic greens , fairways , and ball characteristics . There are a total of 7 courses and a pool of 13 -LRB- the game hints at a 14th -RRB- characters from which to choose , but much like the original you 'll have to do some work to get them all open . You 'll play VS mode to open up the characters , and you 'll have to win tournaments to open up the courses . In between opening courses , you 'll win other goodies such as new clubs , balls , announcers , and camera angles . Opening these new items is a welcome addition , adding a sense of accomplishment beyond just getting the best score . Hot Shots 2 keeps a wealth of statistics as well . Want to know what the average score on hole 7-course 4 is ? No problem , it 's in there . The game keeps track of average and best scores , greens in regulation , putts , etc. for each individual course , as well as overall . Oh , and the taunts make a return . Not only do each of the 4 main buttons spout out a taunt , so do each of the directional buttons . Some are funny , most are annoying ... As far as how the game plays , Hot Shots veterans will likely find themselves a little out of sorts the first few rounds . It takes a while to get used to both the swing meter -LRB- hitting a perfect shot-100 % with no slice or hook-is much more difficult -RRB- , and putting . You 'll find yourself not reading enough break , not giving enough extra on up hill putts , not taking enough off on downslopes , and generally missing many more putts . Still , it took me less than a week to get used to the nuances of the new Hot Shots , having already shot 12 under . Again , I had huge expectations for this game . Initially , I was n't so sure they 'd pulled it off . After spending some time with it , however , I must say it is a worthy sequel to the original . Still , only time will tell if it occupies as much of my game playing time as that beloved game ...
 This game is amazing ! I can never play another game in my Playstation . This game has lots of cool characters -LRB- with the exception of Dottie , shes good but man is she ugly -RRB- . Cool courses . Everally thing you want to know about your scores . I hope they make a Hot Shots Golf 3 . This is just an overall great , awesome , cool , easy to start kind of game .
 Hot Shots Golf 2 takes the game of golf , leaves in most of the realism , and adds enough fun to keep the game enjoyable.When you first start out with the game , you can select from three different golfers , and two different courses.There are actually several different golfers and courses included in the game , but you have to `` unlock '' them as you progress through the game - players are added by beating them in a one-on-one game , and courses are added by winning tournaments.In general the gameplay is pretty simple - when it 's your turn , the game will automatically point you straight towards the hole , and will try to estimate which club would be best for that shot.If you do n't like it 's selections , you can aim on your own -LRB- for example , to account for wind or do avoid a sand trap -RRB- or select whichever club you like.Hitting the ball is a simple 3-button-press system , very similar to the classic system the game Links uses on the PC.One press sets the swing guage in motion , the second press selects the power , and the third press sets your accuracy hitting the ball - getting a good shot is all a matter of timing with the button.Also , spin can be added to the ball in any direction by using the directional pad to select where on the ball you want to hit , while you 're making the swing.All four seasons are represented in the game and have weather that effects gameplay - for example , in spring it may rain frequently , in fall it may be very windy , and in winter there may be a light snow . All of the weather conditions effect the physics of the game.The graphics are decent . They 're not photo-realistic or anything , but they 're certainly not bad , and there are some nice touches like clouds -LRB- which you can use to estimate wind speed and direction -RRB- , and butterflies and other insects flying over the ground.Sounds in the game are fairly minimal , but there 's more there that I 'd expect from a golf game . Various sounds of club-to-ball contact , ball-to-ground , ball-to-hole , etc are all there . On windy days you can hear the wind blowing through the trees , on rainy days you can hear the typical sound of a rainshower.When you make it into the hole appropriate music is played depending on how well you did , along with cheers or `` Awwws '' from the crowd . Occassionally the caddy voice-over will chime in with a `` Nice birdie ! '' or a `` That was weak ! `` The game has several modes of play , including Stroke play for 1-4 human or CPU players , Match play for two players where the winner is based on holes won rather than overall score , VS mode where you can take on and `` unlock '' other CPU golfers , 9-Hole Par-3 for a quick game , and a Training mode.Tournament mode allows you to play against several other `` virtual '' players -LRB- you do n't actually see them , you just see how your score compares after every round -RRB- . Winning tournaments allows you to increase your ranking up from `` Amateur '' to `` Semi-Pro '' and so on , and along with trophies you can also win items such as specialized sets of clubs , which you can then use in future games.The only few complaints I would have about the game are these : There are a lot of times when the game has to do some extra calculations , such as in high wind , when you will go through the motions of hitting the ball , and the game will just sit there , locked , for sometimes up to 20 seconds before you actually hit the ball . The first time it happened I thought the game crashed on me . It does n't happen enough for it to really be a problem though.Although I suppose `` unlocking '' things is supposed to be part of the fun of the game , I found it frustrating to only have a choice of three players and two courses to begin with.And the voice comments get REALLY annoying after a while , and although you can change the voice -LRB- and comments -RRB- to another caddy , the other selection is even worse . There 's no option to turn off the voice comments all together.It has a couple of quirks , but overall this is one of the best golf games I 've ever played .
 This is a very amusing game , a great challenge and so funny , I recommend it !
 There is only one thing to be said about Hot Shots 2 . It is the best golf game I have ever seen . I say this for 3 reasons . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The gameplay is easy but still challenging -LRB- 2 -RRB- You can get through a round in less than 30 minutes , even when playing with another player -LRB- 3 -RRB- The look and feel of the game -LRB- as far as the physics involved -RRB- are the best in any game I have ever seen , and the feel is so true to life . So , if you want to get a golf game that will return the most play value , Hot Shots Golf 2 is definitely the one . And one last thing , if the game was n't so great , than why would my best friend and I log over 300 rounds of golf against each other ? Makes you think .
 I love all the hot shot golf games they are hours of fun ... . If you try I would recommend on of the newer hot shot games better graphics ... This is a Great collectable too . .
 This game is not only hilarious to boot ; but fun as well as it would say `` NICE SHOT ! '' not only have I put it away ; but love this game so much we would be totally silly with it , even at the fairway , turn around and go backwards into the next hole -LRB- e.g. you 're on Hole ? - and you are now swinging over to Hole ? -RRB- and it would actually by-pass the other holes that is if you can make it to the green -LRB- if you hit the fairway on the other Hole , you 're out of bounds -RRB- . Have managed to make quite a few `` Hole In Ones '' - but wo n't spill the secret here on which Hole and where on the fairway - look around or study the map ; and you 'll figure it all out ... -LRB- I wo n't spoil the fun and secret here ! -RRB- Remember - use the RIGHT WOOD or IRON and get ` er over the trees / water and get that ball on the green.For the fun part ; bounce around - who says you have to play it all in order ? It is even more funnier when you decide to go from the previous Hole ? from that Hole ? now backwards to that Hole ? ... but be careful ... `` do n't get yourself in a hole where you ca n't get out ... `` WHY?Once you have completed a Hole - you are done with that course ; you can end up in a jam and everything would end up `` Out of Bounds '' - * laughing * Have `` we '' ever been in a jam ? Oh yeah , many times ... Amazingly , only ONCE my son had actually went from this Hole ? using a ?? and plowed that ball nice and far `` NICE SHOT ! '' and ended up completing the course ; surpassing nearly ??? Holes ! HEY ! That was cheating ! -LRB- He never could do that again - he just got lucky because the wind was blowing hard behind him so that helped a lot there ... -RRB-
 Your proto typical classic PSone game . Very fun not much else tp say about it . If you like the Hot Shots series I would recommend it .
 THE PROGRAM WORKS GREAT . MY SON LOVES IT . ALTHOUGH IT CAME ON TIME , THE PACKAGE LOOKED AS IF IT HAD WATER DAMAGE . THE MANUAL IS PERMANENTLY STUCK TO ONE OF THE TOP OF THE DISCS . IT WORKS , BUT I DID N'T EXPECT IT TO COME IN THAT CONDITION .
 Fits gameboy with Pelican light shield in front pocket . Dont believe that other persons review . I put mine in upside down it seams to fit the best that way . I have 4 games in the case with plenty of extra room . I have a battery pack and 2 spare batteries . Fits everything you realy need . Of course its not going to fit every game and accessary you have , its not a book bag its a case .
 This case is the best carring case nintendo ever made for any kind of a gameboy . In mine I can hold my GBA , 9 games in nyko protective cases , wormlight advance , my gameboy camera and my link cable . As you can tell it holds a lot for looking as small as it is . I would recommend this to everyone !
 My gameboy advance setup consists of the system itself , the pelican grip and power pack combo and of course some games.This high quality storage case has not dissapointed me to this day . The inner lining is soft and protective of your gameboy advance . At the back of the case in an even larger storage area . In this area i have the clip of grip enhancer from pelican , my worm light and even a few games with room for more . But one fantastic feature is the inclusion of two thick elastic bands for tightly holding and protecting your games . Each one could probably hold 3 or 4 games . The case is also attached with a wrist strap and two velcroe strips on the back for attaching to a belt , backpack strap , or what you can think of . Overall , i love this freaking case and would recommend it to anybody that want to carry large amounts of games or even some accessories . Well balanced and on the verge of perfection . : -RRB-
 This GBA case is a good buy because it makes traveling with your GBA very easy . It holds your GBA or GBC and a bunch of GBA Games -LRB- about 7 unless you have the lik cable in as well -RRB- . The drak blue color is good for guys because at this point , the majority of GBA colors are feminine and its good to see a normal color ! - Matt
 This is a great case . I am able to fit Three GBA -LRB- Game Boy Advance -RRB- Games , Three Instruction Manuals , GBA Link Cable , GBA Worm Light , AC Adapter Set , and The Game Boy Advance Itself .
 We purchased this Game Boy Advance Case for our youngest boy , and it is perfect for his new GBA system . It has room for the system , games , and some accessories . It is also in good condition and shipped right away . We are very satisfied with this purchase !
 This case is great for everything that i can think of holding !!!!! it holds my gba , my link cable , 8 games , my ear phones , and wormlight . Its a great case !!!!
 This is n't the best case in the world , but it 's good enough . It pretty strong and has the Nintendo logo on the zipper . The shoulder and wrist things are useless b/c you '' d look like a fool with them . But it packs in everything nicely while taking minimal space in your backpack , etc. . . If it does n't hold enough space , 2 bigger versions are availble .
 This is great ! I have my own gba -LRB- + 2 game + a protactive light + 4 Energiser e2 betteries -RRB- and the ALL fit in it ... Well a little trouble to ge it in but when you let it in for 1 day or so the case is the great size for that stuff !!!!! MUST HAVE !!!!!
 Wow!This item is grand!You can carry GBA or GBC in it!Also there is a strap that holds your games in so they do n't fly around.It comes with a wrist strap for easying carrying.So when your out and about do n't forget this cool case !
 This is a great case . If you get a GBA , getting a case is a very good idea . This is the one . First , it holds your GBA in the front pocket , and in the back pocket , it can hold about 8 GBA games , or 4 GBC games , or you can take out a couple games and put in some accessories . I was able to put in 2 GBC games , 4 GBA games , a worm light , and still had room to spare for an AC adapter , or a link cable , or extra batteries . It is also relatively small . There are larger cases that hold more , but they are pretty unwieldy to carry around . There are also smaller cases that carry the system and 2 games , but that hardly seems adequate . Also , this case has a terrycloth liner in the front pocket to protect the system 's screen . Get this one . It 's good .
 This is n't so bad , it 'll fit you 're GameBoy Advance in it -LRB- duh ! -RRB- as well as 15 game packs/cartridges , an AC adapter and Sharklight . It 's kinda big , and a bit heavy , so you might be better off buying a Game Boy Advance holster , but it 's just an oppinion .
 ok this case will hold your game boy advance or your game boy color if you have it -LRB- not both -RRB- . it will hold 6 games , a few bateries , a game link cable , ac adapter , and some accessories . it comes with a strap to put it over your sholder and a loop to hold it in your hand . right now i have my gba , 2 games , a worm light , and two bateries . -LRB- that is all i have for my gba -RRB- the end .
 I looked around at many cases before I bought this so I know the type of garbage the companies are selling . This case is great , the front flap flips up to reveal a pocket you put the GBA into , to close it just fold the flap down , it 's held by velcro . The rear compartment has a zipper . Mine holds 3 GB Color game and 3 GBA games , and a worm light easily . The case it sturdy , well build , and it protects the GBA and games very well . On the rear upper corners it has two loops that you can attach a sholder strap to -LRB- included -RRB- , it also has two velcro straps on the rear that you could use to attach to your belt . I just carry it around but those are some of the other uses for it . I 'm glad I bought it , it 's definitly worth it .
 This thing is sly . It gets kind of heavy sometimes . But it holds A lot of stuff . And if your a serious gamer like me , all of those other `` holsters '' are TO SMALL . So I suggest you buy it if you 're serious about GBA .
 My parents gave me $ 50.00 for my dirthday . Also , a trip to Vegas is coming up soon , so they gave me an extra $ 10.00 . I bought this to cary my GBA , and a D-3 Digimon Digivice . This is the best case i 've had in years !!! It holds practicly all your Game Boy accessories , and games . At the moment , i have 3 Game Boy color games , 2 Game Boy Advance games , a battery pack , link cable , worm light , and my Game Boy Advance itself !! And its so compact/small . I really love this and recomend it to all Game Boy owners .
 This is a wonderful case for both the GBA and GBC systems . This is how much I could get to fit for each : GBA : - GBA system-9 GBA games-UFO light for GBA-link cableGBC : - GBC system-4 GBC games-Worm light for GBC-link cableSo , the GBA case works great for both systems -LRB- GBA and GBC -RRB- .
 This GBA case is excellent !!!!! It fits eight of my games , a worm light or glow guard predictive light , adapter set , booklets , and the 1 # handheld game console in the world GAMEBOY ADVANCE . When i first got my GBA from toysrus it came with a free sholder carring case but i do not recommend that unless you only plan to buy Three GBA games and no accseceries lights or adapters . The best thing is about is the convienient size to carry around with you . I plan on bringing this GBA case with me to penn. dutch for a trip and I Know it will be great for the boring long ride to get there . If you do not but this i know you will regret in the future .
 This is a definite for the GBA . It hold lots of games and supplies as well as the GBA . It is also very padded and offers great protection for your precious system !
 This GBA Case is the best case I 've seen for GBA or any other Game Boy system . I use mine to carry my Game Boy Advance when I travel and when I 'm at home just to protect my GBA and to keep everything in one place . I keep my Game Boy Advance , 8 games in Nyko sleeve protectors , a worm light and earbud headphones -LRB- that came with the original Game Boy -RRB- in the case . That is about all it can hold . It might be able to hold slightly more , but I do n't want to cram stuff in it . I love this case because I can keep things nice and organized in it . Another important feature of it is that it protects the fragile GBA screen from scratches and dust . Grab one of these to keep your Game Boy Advance in !
 It has awesome graphics with all MLB teams to choose from.You can play any team in different parks.You get to bat , pitch and field.You can start a season and get into the playoffs .
 it is the most awseme game i have ever played my entire life it brings the excitement thats in you and it is imposible to put it down
 This is a very good game . Batting , pitching and fielding are all very smooth , the graphics are impressive and the sound is good -LRB- the umpire really talks when he calls the pitches -RRB- . The only downsides to this game are you ca n't steal bases and all of the players look the same -LRB- for example , all the players look White -RRB- . Overall , this game is really cool . It even has a Home Run Derby . Very good choice for both baseball fans and casual gamers .
 This game is the best because in the game at least every hitter can hit a homerun and when you press the up button and keep on pressing it you can advance your chances for hitting a homerun . This is the Best game EVER!So go to the stores and get one !
 Awesome graphics and gameplay on the GBA .
 I played a magazine reviewer 's copy of High Heat for the GBA , it is soooooooo much fun ! I loved it ! It 's the best handheld baseball game ever ! The graphics are awesome , and the game has all these kewl diff . modes of play .
 Major League Baseball High Heat baseball is the best baseball game you 'll find on Game Boy Advance . You can choose from 5 different realisitic game modes : Exhibition
 This game features 5 different modes
 This game so cool ! I love it ! It is a must have for the GBA . Do n't listen to all those people who think it is lowsy just because they do n't get the stats , you can get them off the internet . Get the game for the baseball , not the facts . This game is awsome and is a must have . Make sure you get the game if you are a sports gaming fan . I give it 5 stars
 High Heat is a great game . It features exciting hitting and pitching that you can throw shutouts with , but more often you get shelled and the game turn into a slugfest . Unfortunately , there are no stats , not even ingame stats . In my opinion you should get this game because of its great graphics and exciting games .
 Naruto Clash of Ninja 2 features the same voice actors as in the cartoon show dub . You can immerse yourself in the Naruto world in this fighting game.The graphics are cel shaded and 3D , integrating well into the traditional Naruto style landscapes . The voices are the same as the cartoon series ' dub - which you can either really appreciate , because you love the series in English - or which you can really be annoyed by , because the characters constantly mis-pronounce many simple Japanese names.Where many cartoon fighting games are extremely easy , this one actually has some challenge to it . There are multiple characters , and you can have up to 4 people on the screen at any given time . The combos for a given character can be relatively tricky.All of the characters are supposed to know the basic ninja techniques that they have learned in their training . However , for some reason , only certain characters can use certain basic moves , all depending on which happened to use that move in an episode . It would have been more realistic and interesting if everyone knew the basic moves but then differed on advanced moves.The arenas you fight in are interesting - there are temples , outdoor areas , and other environments . The backgrounds are slightly animated , with crowds of cheering people going through the same one-second-long loop continuously . However , they are n't as advanced as most other fighting games out right now . You ca n't interact with your environment , you ca n't move from area to area or watch weather or movement of the world you 're in . A lot of this is because of the GameCube 's inherent limitations , but it does stand out when you 've been playing other fighting games on other systems.I found several of the comments made by certain characters to be incredibly repetitive . It was fine the first time , or the tenth time ... but after 100 times of hearing the exact same statement , it wears on you . It 's also a little odd that the main menu shows Sakura -LRB- a female -RRB- looking at you , but all of the voice you hear is Naruto -LRB- a male -RRB- . Still , for Naruto fans who have a GameCube at home , this is a great way to immerse yourself in the Naruto world and enjoy it for hours on end . There are numerous characters , lots of battles to play and replay , and a variety of ways to upgrade while you learn all of the combos . As a small bonus , you get a collectable card as part of the set.Well recommended for Naruto fans .
 The sequel game to the original Naruto Clash of Ninja has everything the original game had and tons more . The story mode includes all the story from the first game with new improved presentation and then continues much further -LRB- 30 chapters -RRB- . It has over 20 characters that are much more diverse . It has a great multiplayer handicap option where you spend between 1-5 points for a total of 5 to use different powerups . Powerups range from stuff like more damage power to disabling certain opponent attack . Best handicap option for any fighter I know of . Other fighters just give you a scale and then it just reduces the amount of damage you take but Naruto 2 has a much innovative handicap option.It also supports up to 4-player fights and for single player aside from the longer story has all kind of options like time attack , survival , score , etc.And it has the same great Naruto gameplay that made the first game a commercial success .
 I recieved this great game for Christmas . It is really fun ! You can be Sakura , Rock Lee , Sasuke , Neji , Kiba , Naruto , Ino , Kakashi , Iruki , and many more characters ! You can unlock my characters along the way such as Haku and Zabuza . The graphics in this game are thrilling , and the special attacks are cool ! The booklet that comes with the game explains each attach for each character . Some characters , such as Sasuke , Gaara , and Neji are a bit more powerful than the others . There are cool little dialouge parts with the actual voices of the characters too ! You can play against a computer , 2 people , 3 people , or arrange teams with 4 people ! There is survival , time attack , and my favorite , story mode ! It surely does not go into details , but you have battles based on the battles in the episode such as the chunin exams . I highly recomend this game for kids who LIKE BATTLE GAMES . If you are more of a strategy type game person , I do n't think this game is for you .
 I 've played a lot of games in the past . Games that had really good commercials , and you see at your friends house and they 're having a blast . Then you get it , and you hate it . This one did n't need advertising . It jumped out at me . In this game , there are tons of different types of characters to choose from , and it 's got a nice learning curve . Unlike Ultimate Ninja , this games story mode actually remotely follows the story line . Sure you do n't get to choose who you play as during it , but in a way , it helps you get better not being able to . Also , almost all the characters are there , and they all have their different style . Kiba 's fast , and has no long-range kunai or shurukin - he uses Akumaru ! Which brings me to another point - playing as minority characters . You get to play as Akumaru and Crow individually , and they 're good ! There are some downsides though . Some characters feel like they are just clones with different move sets . And the stages to fight on , they 're pathetic . If they wanted to , they could 've had little places to go to , but it 's always an elevated surface or a fenced off place in the shape of a circle or square . They should 've put in more effort . Also , it 's kinda hard to make money without getting bored . I ` ts fun playing you friends , but for Some characters , you have to pay through the nose ! Orochimaru cost 100,000 dollars in the shop ! But , now it 's time for my Advantage / DisadvantageAdvantages ; Tons of characters4-playerTon 's of different styles of fightingChangeable costumesGood story modeSurvival , Endless Fight -LRB- Oboro -RRB- , Time attack , all goodGood learning curveDisadvantages ; Clone charactersGodly amounts of money at the shopStages are horribleAll in all , I give it a 4/5 overall
 If you like ninjas , cartoons , or fighting games , this is the game for you ! Naruto Clash of Ninja 2 for NGC is awesome . NCON2 features 23 total characters , a new 4-player mode , a longer story mode , and much more.The characters include : Naruto , Saska , Sakura , Kakashi , Iruka , Guy , Haku , Zabuza , Shicamaru , Ino , Neji , Hinata , Lee , Kiba/Akamaru , Kankura/Crow , Gaara , and others.As you can see , if you 're considering buying this , BUY IT!P.S . It 's rated T cause ' it 's a fighting game .
 EXCELLENT !!!! This is what my grandson said when I asked him how the game was . I bought it for his birthday and he plays it all the time and his friends come over and play as well .
 I purchased this game for my grandson . He is already a whiz on Ninja 1 . He spent the rest of the day Christmas Day and the following days , playing Naruto Clash of Ninja 2 with a cousin . This is a good investment for youngsters who love video gaming .
 Delivered on time - item in perfect condition . Thanks - you made my kids very happy ! :-RRB- . . Definately use this in the future - quick , easy and convenient !
 This game is very fast paced and addicting . With a whole arsenal of characters rom the show and special moves , this game is bound to keep any fan of the show interested .
 I have seen the show and its a decent show for all ages and so is this game . The combat system is actually really good in the game engine . It has combos that you can chain together for more powerful attacks and special moves when one of your gauges fill up . There is a big selection of characters also.The story mode I found kind of boring but it is worth playing through at least once . You also can unlock items the more you play and you spend the in game money to buy new stages , characters , etc.What really surprised me was how accurate the characters are and it looks like you just turned your tv onto the show . They are not the best on the Cube but they are great nonetheless . I would have to say my favorite mode in any fighting game is the Survival Mode and thats what keeps me coming back to this game every few months . If you have friends of course that will extend the lifespan of the game as is usually the case with fighting games.Note the mistake on the sellers part was he sent me the wrong game . But since I had a Gamecube he let me keep it with a refund . Otherwise I would of probably never given this game a chance as I do not particularly like anime fighting games .
 Well it finally came in the mail yesterday , and my three daughters have been playing it non-stop . By the laughs and screams that I hear , I believe it is a hit ! The only problem that I see is that it looks an awful lot like the first release of Clash of Ninja . So I gave it 4 stars because the kids loved it , but some things just do n't add up -LRB- they beat Gara with Akamaru ... yes , the dog beat Gara ! -RRB- and they should be more consistant with the talents of each character in the Manga.So being an over 40 fan of Naruto -LRB- and I will not say how much over 40 -RRB- I am a little disappointed that the fights are not a little more logical ... but the kids love it !
 I think Naruto is cool because I am a big Naruto fan I am a fan of the TV Series , The Manga , Soundtrack , and Magazines . I also think this is one of the best new Anime 's I 've ever seen in my life since Dragon Ball Z. Also this was my last game for the Gamecube because I was waiting for Zelda The Twilight Princess to come out but Nintendo has jumped the gun and decided to put the new zelda game on the wii so this was my last game for my gamecube and I enjoyed it actually and this was my last game for this system and I hope the Naruto fans will enjoy this too .
 It 's such a good game ! The first one has 8 characters and this one has 23 . The story mode is MUCH longer too . I love it , good job !
 I was having a lot of trouble trying to decide whether I should get Playstation 2 , XboX , or Gamecube . Finally I just could n't wait any longer and I bought the Playstation 2 . At first I was scared , what if PS2 fails and all the others suceed , well after playing GT3 for the first 5 minutes , no wait , 5 seconds , I was in love with the system . I must have played this game for 3 hours straight , without a pit stop . Then I busted out a CD and decided to test the CD player , not only did it work with a cool new setup , but PS2 seems to bring out more sound in your t.v. then you can ever believe . Then I decided to do the real test , play the DVD 's I have heard everyone complaining about . I stuck in American Pie , Enemy at the Gates , and Top Gun , all worked perfect . The only thing that I have to complain about is the picture while playing the DVD could be a little better , but it is better then a VHS player . Overall PS2 has got to be the system of the future , I mean if it can still stun people and it has been out more then a year , it 's going to make it all the way ...
 This bundle 's price is amazing . The console itslef is usually that much , so you get the best game out there for free , the steering wheel for free , the DVD remote , Memory card and more . I would have loved to buy this , but i already have the system . Highly recommended !
 What a great value pack , anyone who hasnt thought about buying a PS2 yet should think about this pack - it includes the greatest game to date and a whole package deal
 The PS2 was easy to set-up & the DVD worked great . I never imagined the difference from the first version . This puts the competition to shame . I also suggest purchasing the steering wheel - another 99 $ but worth the cost . I have seen this product for 329 $ in stores locally .
 ok ... . this is `` the '' game for ps2 . if you own a ps2 and not this game , i fell sorry for you , very sory ... . if you do not own a ps2 and want to buy one , this thing will start you off good . this bundle will save you around 50 bux so just buy another game -LRB- bloody roar 3 , if u play it once youll be hooked -RRB- with it and youll be set .
 with this pack u get all of the above . the ps2 witch I say is the best system out there . gt3 one of the best racing games ever made . better than gt1 and gt 2 . great garphics and more cars and races . the steering wheel so u can feel like u are driving . the memory card so u do n't loose your stuff . -LRB- hint -RRB- when playing the game beef up a good car and save it to memory solt two and then reset and trade to memory slot 1 . dvd remote any nude sences then u do n't have to even get up . this is a great pack buy it don ; t keep it waiting in your cart please because it waste a whole system .
 you can find a ps2 for the normal price now and the combo pack goes for 329-339 many places . mostly you will play gran tourismo with the regular controller instead of the wheel because it is easier and the game is hard enough . Still the system is fun and this is a great game . I just think you would be better of avoiding this wheel , picking up a ps2 without it and then buying the interact wheel that was made especially for this game . one hint for you
 GT3 is the only reason i bought a PS2 . I wish i would have been able to wait for this game pack . It is a much better value than what i did to get my PS2 . The game itself is amazing . The only problen is that my wife thinks I should do other things occaisionally such as shower , eat , and go to work .
 this an excellant deal that will ot be beaten.It comes with a lot of cool stuff children like i think though if you give an extra controller and same price you will sell more . Trust me alot of PS2 's are being bought for two kids . financually it will work -LRB- ... -RRB-
 i had heard a lot of the playstation 2 . it was amazing , the best console ever to be present on the planet . those sorts of things . i had to check this out for myself , so after saving my money i bought the PS2 . i bought it with the game Grand Turismo 3 . Wot an excellent game it was . and for the machine itself , well wot can i say ... . GO BUY IT NOW IT RULES !!!!!!! thats my advice . the game looks practically real ! the cars are stunning with the graphics as good as they are on the PS2 . this racing game is a must buy for anyone with / or going to buy a PS2 .
 This Bundl pack is the best playstation 2 offer ever
 Check his other reviews he has just gone around slagging off PS2 while raving about Dreamcast in the same review . Definitely has an axe to grind . PS2 is a good system and this is the game that really shows what it can do . GT3 is n't perfect though . Despite what you may have read , only two players in multi-player mode -LRB- reviews mentioned four AI cars -RRB- . Less weird cars than in GT2 , and much harder to proceed than in GT2 . Still , a very good game though , and this is a good bundle .
 This system is spectacular , the games are great the DVD is great , i believe this is the best system that ever arrive .
 This game is good . It is like most Army men games , but not as bad as the gameboy color army men .
 Now you either love or hate this game -LRB- most people hate it -RRB- but I love it ! See the graphics are not ` advanced ' but they are clean and appealing 5 stars . The gameplay is sometimes repetitive but it 's still plenty of fun throwing grenades and stuff and the missions are simple but nice 4 stars . The sound is pretty good but some parts sound like a game boy could use them with no trouble ! 3 stars . The controls are almost as if the game boy advance was designed for this one game ! 5 stars . Lastability , now somebody wrote in a review `` I beat this game in 20 minutes '' -LRB- somebodys telling tales -RRB- which is basically impossible without cheats because even if it 's really easy it 'll take you to long to walk to the end after doing objectives with 12 missions . You will finish it fairly easily if your use to these games but if your not ... ;-RRB- . 4 stars . Replay Value , is very good in this you just wan na come back for more ! 5 stars .
 Many people mistake the cartoonish graphics for bad graphics , but they ar n't really bad , there just cartoony , and that 's exactly what 3DO was going for.Now for the review of everything else
 I can only say one thing about this game . Man ! it 's great !!! I played this game over my friends house and I just did n't want to let go of his GBA . This game has spectacular graphics , awesome weopons , and it 's not to hard . If you liked Army men for Playstation , you 'll love this game
 At first sight , this game may dissapoint a few . But as gameplay resumes , the disapointment fades and satisfaction occurs . The graphics are wonderful , and the gameplay is good as well . The negetive part about this game is the patience that is required . It seams very hard at first , but as you get it down , it becomes more fun and very enjoyable . Army Men are at it again , showing kids that war is not something to be afraid of , it 's a right that us , US citizens should thoroughly enjoy .
 This I can say is as good as all Army Men games that 3DO came out with . . And I hope thay make many more , what more can a kid ask for . . Love this game I give it a 10 + A MUST TO HAVE
 I enjoyed the first Ninja Council , I 'll admit , as I wanted me a Naruto game I could play on the go but the repetitive gameplay & crappy music made things get a might boring at times . Sadly , it took me several weeks to finish the game . When I heard that a Ninja Council 2 was in development , I hoped they would address those issues and change things in the game . Boy , did they they change things in the game ... they changed developers , the style of gameplay in the game , and the overall feel of the game . Instead of a mixture of platforming , exploration & fighting ; Ninja Council focuses mainly on fighting . This time , you 're able to play as Naruto , Sasuke , or Sakura as they attempt to pass the Chunin Exams at the Ninja Academy . Yet , while it 's good to play as the three & the emphasis on fighting should be what this game is all about , Ninja Council 2 somehow falls short and just does n't feel as solid a game as the first . Sure , it 's a beauty to look at , the overall presentation is top-notch , and it 's fun to play at times . It 's just whomever you 're controlling , it 's the same ol' same ol' ... make your way through a level , fight a boss , rinse and repeat . After awhile , it got extremely boring . As much as I love Naruto , I 'd love to get a more satisfying game for my money -LRB- this makes the second Naruto game I 've picked up that disappointed me -RRB- . Picking up the latest issue of Shonen Jump ; I read an article about Ninja Council 3 and , by all the screenshots & 411 on the game , it looks like it might be a good one . I pray that it is . If it fails to satisfy my Naruto fix , I wish they 'd go a different direction with the next handheld Nintendo DS Naruto game . Maybe have a game that is somewhat like Naruto Ultimate Ninja yet made quite like Dragonball Z Supersonic Warriors , if you can imagine that . Best thing I can tell you about this game is use your own discretion in buying this game . What might not appeal to me , might be just right for you . We all have our own tastes in games and things . Sadly , this game did n't do much for me .
 This game will definetly not disapoint fans of the naruto series , i played it in japanese and trust me its a good buy : -RRB- P.S. ca n't wait to get ninja council 3 or 4 ? Buy it in japanese its also known as Naruto : Saikyo Ninja Daikesshu
 This is a great game . You have the option of playing all three characters -LRB- Naruto , Sasuke , Sakura -RRB- while going through levels . Each character has three combo moves that are true to the series . For example , Naruto can use his ` Sexy Jutsu ' to stun enemies , his multiplying jutsu , and the one where he slams his fist down to summon that huge frog guy . . - yeah I do n't know the names of all those but you get my point!This game is very challenging and not easy-peasy like others out there . It keeps your attention and may even frustrate you at times , but what 's a game worth if it does n't do that?I highly recommend and I think that it 's my most favorite game out of the ones I own !
 This was bought for a 9 year old as a gift and he is very very happy with the game and the condition it came in .
 What happened ? The first game was almost completly a waste compared to this . The graphics are great , gameplay is challenging , and the music IS N'T painfull ! Though at first the game may seem very confusing when figuring out the controls . Yet soon you 'll find it to be very clear . The storyline is actually understandable and does n't go that far out from the show . The only problem I have is the amount of characters . If they added more than this game would have gotten five stars .
 Well , I 've only had the chance to play with this game once , but I like how you can switch between characters . That way , say one character 's health is getting pretty low ; you can use another one with higher health power so the previous character does n't die . In addition , if you choose the right character at the right time , you can deal the enemy quite a bit of damage . However , although the techniques , character change , and graphics are cool , the game was rather difficult in my opinion . Then again , it would n't be as exciting if it were really easy , now would it ? :p It probably takes a couple of tries to get used to all the new functions . I 'm going to try it again when I have a chance to see if it gets easier after a couple tries ...
 This is a great game . It 's better than the first.You can switch characters anytime you want . After you beat the game by getting `` Chunin '' or a higher rank , you unlock Rock Lee . The 4 characters are Naruto , Sasuke , Sakura , and Rock Lee . If you beat the game twice with all A 's , the 3rd hokage scroll replaces the kakashi scroll . Great game , you must get it!You can play single player or up to 4 players !
 Even if this game does n't come close to Metal Gear Solid , its still a good game.My favorite feature is how you can interact with almost anything in the enviroment . This game requires stealth which is a good change from the normal shoot em up games . I really like this game as well because of the puzzles like in Resident Evil . The graphics are also fantastic with lots of detailed enviroments . The sound is awesome as well and gives you the creeps . The only flaws are the controls . Even if your character can run , walk , crouch , shoot , punch -LRB- useful for silently taking out guards -RRB- , sidestep , climb and etc , the controls can make you run into a wall and accidentally pass a guard when you want to crouch and rarely do n't respond . Otherwise its a good yet challenging game . Get it !
 The Home gaming center was a breeze to put together.Took me an hour and a half to have it fully assembled with a phillips screwdriver and a hammer.And contrary to popular belief it was n't that heavy !!! UPS delivered it in about three days and it was sitting on my porch when I got home from work and like I said , an hour and a half I was putting my gaming systems and games inside.It holds my XBOX 360 , XBOX , PS3 , Games , controllers , cords and my surround sound subwoofer with room to spare.The only thing I would suggest is not to tighten the cams too much as the the particle board will break on you.Good luck with yours.Seeya ... Joe ; -RRB-
 I love this thing , its easily the best part of my entertainment system , it holds my Xbox 360 , PS3 , Wii , N64 and Gamecube perfectly but the best part is the two sets of drawers on either side that hold games , controllers and accessories keeping the place well organized and the controllers where I can find them .
 I originally saw this unit here on Amazon but ended up purchasing it online elsewhere that had free shipping . Be forewarned , it takes some time to put this together -LRB- 5 hours for my hubby with his power drill -RRB- and it 's heavy -LRB- if moving upstairs you will need 2 strong guys -RRB- . It easily fits all my son 's games and controllers and I love the fact it has 3 outlets in the back so you can pull all your cable and wires and not have them showing in the front . Drawers slide easily and the top accomodates our 25 inch tv with more than enough room to spare . Other gaming centers we looked at only accomated 19 inch tv 's . Seems pretty sturdy , although it 's only wood laminate . For the price we paid -LRB- $ 165 -RRB- I think it was a pretty good deal .
 Of the dozens of games I have for DC , often I just choose to play some Giga Wing 2 after work . True appreciation of the game is undoubtedly reserved for shooter fans , though . The 3D , high-res graphics can be very impressive even for casual gamers , but the impetus to play and replay for better scores is not something for everyone.There are LOTS of things to unlock , from over 80 pieces of very nice artwork to two `` Secret Options '' which require a very high cumulative score -LRB- saved to VMU after each session -RRB- to open up.Technically , it is also under-rated even by some shooter fans . For instance , the `` Vulcanon '' effect -- in which a certain high number of bonus medals -LRB- released from expiring enemies -RRB- on screen at once transforms into even higher scoring medals -- discourages `` kill and cover '' medal collection . You have to sit back and brave more enemy fire BEFORE starting collecting your hard-earned bonus medals , or you 'll lose the `` Vulcanon '' effect.As a shooter fan , this comes in second on Dreamcast only to the import-only Zero Gunner 2 , and ties the excellent , less-flashy but more-technical Mars Matrix .
 I 'm a big 2D shooter fan , and I have to say that this is one of the funnest shooters I 've ever played . It 's also very beautiful . The graphics are really wonderful to look at . Also , the rechargable shield system the player 's ship uses makes the game that much more interesting . Now , the bad news
 There 's been several shooters converted to Dreamcast the past several months . Giga Wing 2 is perhaps the best looking , best music -LRB- though weak volume -RRB- but shortest of them all in terms of longevity.Graphics - 5
 This was a fantastic game . I could spend hours playing it . I only wish someone would bring this game back and revise it for newer O/S platforms . I can only imagine what the developers would do with it now since technology has evolved so much through the years . This game was on a Windows 95 platform and in my opinion it was way before its time . The graphics and animations were fabulous . If you can snag a copy you 'll really enjoy it . I know it 's old but , it 's well worth playing . A friend of mine used to keep an old computer of his loaded with an outdated O/S just so he could play gems like this from time to time .
 This Spiderman game is actually good , which surprised me in some ways because of how well the controls work on a N64 controller , and fluidly the web-slinging and combat work.WHAT THE GAME IS
 My son loved playing this game . We would recommend it . The shipment came promptly in the mail . No problems to report .
 Imagine being able to watch a favorite full-length movie on your GBA . Well , you can!Shrek . Rated PG . Starring Mike Myers , Eddie Murphy , Cameron Diaz , John Lithgow . Dreamworks Video . 93 minutes.Enjoy the entire , full length movie , `` Shrek '' on your GBA . Perfect for travel , vacations . Great entertainment for kids during long car rides.This happy customer gives this GBA Movie two thumbs WAY UP !!
 This was the greatest way to keep my 5 and 6 year old entertained on a long flight all the way from Turkey . Sitting on a plane for 11 hours and not being able to watch the in-flight movies was tough but when I pulled out this movie for my kids , they loved it . I just brought along extra batteries to change out when the other ones started to die and they were back watching Shrek and Shrek 2 on GBA . I will not travel without this again !!!
 I used to play this game when I was little and i still love this game and i am so happy with this game . Buy this game and it is worth the money .
 super-happy-funtime game!super toy # 1
 this is defanately a five star rating game it has twelve levals all of wich are areas from the movie.the grafics are cool!you can choose your dificalty.you can choose easy normal orhard . i sugest easy or normalif your not that a serious gamer.i loved the game and my 6 year old sister love the game also though she can never get passed the third leval without the cheet code.this game is defanately a must buy!dont waste your money on some other stupid game . if your going to waste your money at all buy this game !
 I like this game very much ! So far I 've beaten it 3 times . Sometimes I get beaten by the Gingerbread Man . But I do n't use the password to beat the Gingerbread Man when lose , I try to beat him . After a few loses , I can beat him !!!!!!
 I apprecitate the time that it came when I needed it for my son 's game device .
 This game is great . You choose a character , and fight the other characters . Heres the order of how good the fighters are :1 . Shrek2 . Princess Fiona3 . Dragon4 . Ginger Bread Man5 . Lord Farquad6 . Thelonius7 . Monsieur Hood8 . Pinnochio9 . Big Bad WolfFor all you Donkey fans bad news . Hes not a fighter . Sucks huh ?
 Great introduction to the fighting category for kids 7 - 1 - . Keeps them busy for hours without bolld and guts - very funny !! and fun !
 It is very boring . Try some Rocket Power Games , they are alot funner .
 Shrek
 First let me say that I am a fan of MM8 , despite all the negative things that people said about it.MM9 was designed to `` fix '' all the things people said they did n't like about MM8 :1 . Old , outdated game engine - well , now it 's a new one , with pretty good first person graphics which do n't make me nauseous -LRB- some games do -RRB- .2 . Playing dragons/vampires , etc. , made the game too easy - so they took those options , along with the `` fly '' spell - out .3 . Monsters which were n't smart enough to know others of their kind in the next room were being attacked - well , now they mostly know and come running.Unfortunately , these `` fixes '' did n't satisfy the complainers - they 'd complain no matter what . What the `` fixes '' * did * do was take a perfectly good system -LRB- one you did n't have to buy a new computer for each time a new game came out , I might add -RRB- and make it less enjoyable -LRB- not that I do n't like the new graphics -RRB- than the first . But complainers are always more loud than those who are satisfied , and they are the ones 3DO heard.Don ' t get me wrong - I 'm still enjoying playing it -- and you should know that many of the quests , while they may not include `` insider '' jokes , are designed specifically so that the player has to overcome any habits he/she picked up in MM8 -LRB- for instance , getting into the water , just to name one -RRB- . I also like that hack-and-slash is not always the answer.Oh , and btw , I 've been playing it in WindowsXP and have n't had a problem with it - not even one crash , although I 'm only about halfway through the game so far .
 I 'm not quite sure why this game has received such savage tearing apart from reviewers far and wide ; while flawed , it is a solid entry in the Might and Magic series.I 've always enjoyed the Might and Magic series , even though I have n't played all of them ; I think the last three installments -LRB- 6 , 7 , and 8 -RRB- were all good , though of declining quality from one to the next.Might and Magic IX certainly does n't wow you with an amazing intro ; the opening movie is quite boring , unlike the others in the series , which really gave you a motivation to get in there and find out what 's going on . Here , it feels more like watching an old movie rell in the back of a dusty classroom -LRB- but not in a cool way , as in the marvelous intros of Fallout 1 and 2 . -RRB- The manual is sadly lacking as well ; it 's obvious that it was designed to make you want to buy the strategy guide ; leaving out information crucial to designing your character is a shady decision.So , why do I give this thing 4 stars ? All I 've done is gripe so far , right ? Well , it maintains that `` just 5 more minutes '' syndrome that haunts the others in the series ; you want to make it through that dungeon , or complete that quest , or see what 's in the next town . I 'll break it down with pros and cons.Positive aspects : * New graphics engine is nice - a great improvement over the previous versions . Not breathtaking , but well-done -LRB- despite the scary faces . -RRB- New monsters and models , and great spell effects . * GREAT music ! Laid-back , not in your face , dark , foreboding , whimsical ... I 'd say it 's probably the best music next to 6 . Plus , THE MUSIC NOW LOOPS ! Thank the gods . . I remember saving and reloading quite literaly thousands of times in the earlier games to get the music to restart . * Great character development - instead of forcing you to decide from the start exactly what sort of character you want . I 've always liked the skill advancement in the series , and it is preserved here . * Smarter monsters - they 'll run , and call for reinforcements . Good monster models . * Fairly interesting quests . None of them will blow you away , but some have a bit of humor injected into them.Bad : * Dialogue seems juvenile . Interaction still feels very wooden and unfulfilling . * Party members are still just a jumble of numbers - you do n't get the rich feel of controlling actual adventurers , as you do with the Baldur 's Gate series . * Stability - I 've had about 8 drop to desktop crashes in about 10 hours of play . Not great . * Lousy manual.Overall , a worthwhile game . If you 're a fan of others in the series , you should like this one .
 Many people have dissed this game , but after about an hour of playing it turns into a really good game . The graphics are n't up to standards , but they are n't that bad and they are a previous improvement over the previous games . Many things have been changed in this game , and if you just want another MMVIII , then you wo n't probably wo n't like it . But in my opinion , this is the best Might and Magic of them all . It is fun , addictive , and worth the money . I definitely recommend this game to a serious RPG player .
 Might and Magic 9 is a great adventure game . It 's ability to combine turnbase and real time is very useful when fighting the immensely broad variety of creatures . There is a secret around every corner and treasure in every dungeon . What is really cool about this game are the towns and the ability to converse with their inhabitants . In the towns you can discover skills , gain experience , and find new team members . This game is very long and exiting and it takes time to become a master of the elements , a lord of magic , and a weilder of weaponry , but in the end all of this is well worth the wait .
 I do n't usually preview a game so close to release , if I 'm that interested I usually buy it and review it . But bear with me this time ... The Might and Magic series is one of the three `` old school '' RPG stalwarts - the others being Ultima and Wizardry . Pretty much everyone has owned one or the other at some point.MM6 - > 8 all used the same dated engine , and did n't sell through very well . I thought the series was dead after MM8 . So to some surprise , and little fanfare here 's MM9 . The good news is that it 's boasting a whole new engine using Lithtech Development System -LRB- Half-Life , No One Lives Forever , Aliens vs Predator -RRB- so everything should look a lot better , and lots more scripting of events . Also another improvement is getting rid of the horrible teacher system for getting higher-level skills . So no more thankless backtracking and mindless searching to find the right master.Graphically it looks better , but I 'm concerned that it may simply be a case of style over substance . What appears to be a week before release , 3DO still does n't seem to have created a Website devoted to the game . All I can find is a box shot . So if there is n't enough content to fill up a few web pages , I 'm really wondering how they filled up a whole game . Also I ca n't even find the developers -LRB- New World Computing -RRB- website , the one link I could find automatically redirected me to the box shot on the 3DO site . I ca n't even find a list of minimum system requirements anywhere.Also another 3DO game developed by New World Computing , Heroes of Might and Magic 4 -LRB- which looks good by the way -RRB- , is also scheduled for release on March 29 - a bizarre self-competition if I ever saw one . Then again , with the threat of a few A + + RPGs arriving over the next few months , I get the feeling that MM9 has only right now to make any money before the big guns set up shop . Maybe a better option would have been to piggyback MM9 to Heroes 4 and charge a little more for Heroes 4 . MM9 looks like it could be an okay game . Maybe if it had been released last year , I would have excited by it . However 2002 looks to be a banner year for RPGs and frankly it 's just not approaching the release date with much to inspire confidence.If you like the old school RPGs , then you really should have a look at Wizardry 8 . It has a similar feel to the Might and Magic games and was just possibly the best RPG of 2001 . Both games use a first person point of view . Wizardry 8 manages to get past the feeling of a room full of people carrying a window everywhere , through little quirky interactions and dialogue . It 's not clear what MM9 plans to do to overcome thisIf you are really more interested in something cutting edge , Dungeon Siege comes out in a week -LRB- April 4 -RRB- and is a much better target to hurl your money at.My final verdict is
 Might & Magic IX will be built of areas connected by an overland map . Lang compares overland travel to Sea Dogs or Fallout.The new dialogue system will take a page from RPGs like Baldur 's Gate with branching conversations . A new class system will stress flexibility throughout your characters ' careers . There are might classes -LRB- paladins , rangers , crusaders , mercenaries -RRB- and magic classes -LRB- mages , druids , liches , priests -RRB- and you 'll be able to change your class as you play . The spell system will be more flexible by opening spellcasting to more classes . Skills will have specific and unique functions for each class to differentiate characters as they get more powerful . The combat system wo n't change much , offering real time or turn-based modes depending on the player preference . Lang says the LithTech engine will allow combat to be a little more `` action oriented '' this time around . I think this game is amazing and definitatly reccomend it to RPG gamers .
 Might and Magic IX is one of the few games on the market that is playable on older computers . The game is playable on a Pentium II ; consequently , the game has outdated graphics . As somewho who has an 5 year old computer and refuses to buy a new one , I appreciate the fact that at least one company is still making games that I can play .
 Unlike most people on this site I think that MM9 is the best RPG I have ever played . The reason I think there are a lot of bad reviews is because it is very different from the other versions of Might and Magic and the long time players of might and magic are too lazy to get use to the new game . I admit , at first I did n't like this game very much , but then after a month a played it again and kept playing until I beat it . The graphics are not the best , but they 're not bad . What makes the game great though is the quests . They are so fun to do , much funner than other RPGs -LRB- i.e. Morrowind -RRB- . So , in conclusion , I would strongly recommend this game to anyone with enough patience to really get into this game .
 I have downloaded the full version and its a great game . I dont understand why its rated teen . Must be because of the violence . But I think its a great game for kids . Because your not going out and shooting real people . But like u would play in the backyard in the sandbox . It is a great game . I 'm 15 and i reall enjoyed it . The game is not really challenging for the people that like to play hard RTS games . But its just real fun . I have played a bunch of Army Men games in the past and this one by far is the best . I think everyone should get it . MY parents even like it . Wich is kind of a first : D
 This game is great ! I 've downloaded the demo , which you can get at the 3do website and most game-downloading sites , but it only lets you play one mission . I have n't bought it yet , but I am going to convince my mom to get it for me . But from what I 've read from the 3do site and the screenshots I 've seen , this is what the basic idea of the game is
 I have played every PC Army Men game released and though this is n't the best , it is a very solid game . The graphics are good , but not great . The music is good , but not great . But the gameplay is very good . The AI is very good also as any of the med trucks close to a building and/or your units automatically goes and repairs it . The dump trucks collect what you need most whether it is plastic or electricity . And each campaign you play has 2 other objectives to achieve . If you achieve those 2 and beat that campaign , you get a gold medal . Miss one you get a silver medal . Miss 2 and you get a bronze . You need to get all gold medals -LRB- and that ai n't easy -RRB- to open bonus missions underneath the Great Battles option -LRB- make sure you play this on hard because that is the requirement for 3 or 4 missions -RRB- . If you do n't , you will miss out on a couple of Great Battles . There are some cool features like the radio operator who can call in an air drop of 5 extra machine gunners , a bombing run , and even a magnifying glass to melt a building down . There are robots with firecrackers on their backs , minelayers , tanks , helicopters , and many more units to choose from.The cutscenes are pretty well done and there is some good comedy -LRB- though sometimes cheesy -RRB- . You also get to fight ants and other various bugs and you fight on many different landscapes from the front yard to the basement to the kitchen counter and more . I really enjoyed this game though it will probably never be a classic . Just straight forward and challenging fun . The worst thing about this game is the lack of being able to fight against the computer on a map of your choice . Other than that , melt away .
 3DO has out done themselves amry men rts is the best game after you beat you have to go back and get gold medals to unlock GREAT BATTLES and you have to get golds ' on these to . You command sarge and his commandos in about 30 missions destroying ants tan coackroachs secret waeapons i just wish you could build a flamethower scorch is the only one and he says `` I 'm gon na melt the tan till they bubble * POP * POP * POP * like that '' . and there many jokes though out the game like army men playstion games on the floor or a lunch box this game is a must have build tanks half tracks riflemen grenaders bazzokas helecopters and more then u have 2 have a showdown with blintz ...
 This is the best of the army men games . If you are expecting a shooter -LRB- like Quake 2 -RRB- , this is not it . It is an RTS game like Warcraft or Command & Conquer . I think the graphics are good and the gameplay is great . I wo n't go into detail about the game since the other reviews seem to have covered most things . I would like to add this though . The single player mode is not much of a challenge . I highly recommend playing this game online in multiplayer mode -LRB- i.e. on Gamespy -RRB- . The maps are very different and from 2 to 8 people can play at once . The young guys I played were pretty good and generally kicked my rear . They would gather 30 or more tanks and choppers and invade me . It is an addicting game . I have not played in a year or more . But I would guess there are still players at Gamespy . It is addicting . There is quite a bit of strategy , especially if you play teams -LRB- one team versus another team -RRB- . This is a very overlooked game for multiplayer . One day , I would like to connect two computers so my son and I can play against one another . I am disappointed that there has never been a sequel or mappack releases for this game . Anyway , I highly recommend this game for kids as well as adults . I closely watch what I allow my son to play and have no problems with him playing this .
 As always , 3do does an amzing job . THIS GAME IS AWESOME !!! ... The game gives you many real live military choices , while keeping the game based on the great small , green toys . BUY ! BUY ! BUY !
 My husband had trouble with this game crashing in and online version , but he loves it so we bought a disk copy . It was well worth the price , he plays it all the time .
 Hello , im here to review my latest game , army men RTS.its another one of those games where the Green Soldiers fight the eviTanArmy.It , however , does not follow the army men tradition , which includes blasting holes in everything that stands.It requires planning , technique , skill , and sometimes , replays.First , you have to collect resources , plastic and electricity , which can be retrieve by objects , -LRB- batteries , action figures , vhs tapes , etc. . Then you have to create soldiers , using `` barracks '' . You can create Grunts -LRB- basic riflemen -RRB- , grenadiars -LRB- grenade throwers -RRB- minesweepers , machine gunners , bazooka men , mortar men , and snipers . Then you lead them into battle with `` heroes '' , which wee the main characters in the previous games.But , you also have to think about the enemy.For example , snipers are able to take out a whole squad of grunts and other infantry with ease , however would get murderedat the sight of a few half-tracks ! You must balance your army strengths and weaknesses , or have your legions be reduced to puddles . -LRB- also the `` send in 100 grunts tactic , doesnt work , a few enemy outposts , and you will be crippled . -RRB- This game also has great replay value.every time you play , you can think of a new strategy , like adding more snipers and mortar men to slaughter buildings and kill soldiers easily.There are 32 different battles , and 3 difficulty levels.play them on hard.Also , you play in the Real world and the Plastic world.so , time to rate the game.FUN 4.5 / 5replay value 5/5strategy required 3.5 / 5humor 4.5 / 5 -LRB- never expected Sarge to get bleeped out -RRB- overall 4/5Id say , buy it if its below 15 bucks.well then , , go kill a craxy col. Blintz
 This is one of the most exciting Army Men games I have ever played ! There is a lot of action , plus the graphics and sound are crisp and clear .
 When I bought this game I htought it would be geter then it was , dont get me wrong its a good game but 3DO has almost betrayed the idea of little plastic men this game has more then just your basic plastic army men we played with as kids theres little toy robots with a firecracker taped to its back whats up with that ?! I was also looking forward to flamethrowers but do they have flamethrowers ? NO ! and it use better music too and a better over head view rather then up and to the side type of view . enough about whats wrong about the game I 'll tell you whats good about the game . the main thing thats good about it is that this is what many army men fans have been waiting for
 This is a great game.I do n`t see why this game is rated for teens.I ` m nine years old.It does n`t have too much blood and gore in it.I have n`t bought the game yet , but i got the demo.It ` s graphics are great.It ` s virtually based on the little green and tan dudes you can find in any $ 1.00 store.It has different units and vehicles.I ` m trying to convince my mom into paying me allowance . -LRB- She alwaty says it builds character and that kind of crud . -RRB- I ` m hoping I can buy it .
 I have n't yet bought this game . I have downloaded and played the demo though , and I have to say , it looks like by-far the best game ever . Exactly the kind of game I have been waiting for , Army Men , with gameplay like Command and Conquer . I am looking forward to buying this game .
 When I bought this game I htought it would be geter then it was , dont get me wrong its a good game but 3DO has almost betrayed the idea of little plastic men this game has more then just your basic plastic army men we played with as kids theres little toy robots with a firecracker taped to its back whats up with that ?! I was also looking forward to flamethrowers but do they have flamethrowers ? NO ! and it use better music too and a better over head view rather then up and to the side type of view . enough about whats wrong about the game I 'll tell you whats good about the game . the main thing thats good about it is that this is what many army men fans have been waiting for
 this game definitely lives up to the words on the back of the box : `` the army men game you ' v been waiting for ! '' . wait.before I get started , let me tell you what made the previous army men games so bad that this title remembered to not to do.the last ones did n't realistically get the true feeling of war.for example , in green rogue , you are all by your self against a large , locked and loaded army.and in like army men world war for pc , its just you ' r 3 or 4 men vs.the big tan army.well , in this game , you got to make a base and command lots and lots of soldiers , making a fight with your grunts and choppers vs.thier grenaders feel more like a real battle or campaign.while it is tons of fun , what if it has some small , and possibly EXTREME , problems ?
 If you 've ever played the Elf Bowling games on PC , then you 'd know what to expect from this game ... exactly the same game . Complete with smart aleck elves and crude jokes . Not recommended for kids , but may be okay for teens , and definitely okay for adults . Easy , but fun . : -RRB-
 I CAN NOT BELIEVE HOW MUCH FUN I 'VE HAD WITH THIS GAME . IT REALLY HELPS ME GET MOST OF MY STRESS OUT AFTER HVE A BAD DAY . IT 'S REALLY A LOT OF FUN .
 I loved the free PC download . This is the exact same game but portable for game boy advance or DS . the only difference i see is a split screen , so you can see both the end of the lane with the elves , and a view of the whole lane . Still has the deer , bunny , and frog you can hit with the ball if you want to try . I have n't played the shuffleboard one yet , because i never really liked that one to begin with . it is very repettitive , so if you have a short attention span , you probably will not like it .
 This is by far and away the most realistic baseball game since Tony LaRussa 's Baseball for Sega Genesis in the early 90s . Unlike Triple Play , it 's possible to hit doubles , triples , throw out baserunners , draw walks and strikout opposing hitters . While the graphics of the stadiums may not be as good as some of the other games , they 're more than sufficient , and for the true baseball fan , this game 's realism is what 's really important . We 've seen enough of the incredible graphics and ridiculously bad game play . This game provides tons of fun , tense moments against a very competitive computer opponent , and a great atmosphere that will hold your interest all summer .
 This game is pretty good . For me , the olny reason why the game is buggy is because my computer is going throuh some kind of virus I think . It really deserves a 4 and a half , but you ca n't get a 4 and a half . What Kept this game from getting a 5 is the instuction manual is a little hard to understand at first , but once you get used to it , it 's a great game.Note
 This is by far the best computer baseball game that I have ever played . The keeping of batting streaks and statistics far more in depth that any other game . Graphics are great . The only problem that I have with the game is that the pitchers basically pitch around the games top hitters leaving you with the choice of either walking the batter or throw a pitch right down the middle . All other aspects of this game by far and away dominate the competition . If you like baseball games Definatly buy this one .
 Recently I 've been looking for a baseball game for my PC . I stumbled upon this game at a local store for 6.99 . I decided to give it a try after reading the other reviews . After installing this game I instantly became hooked . The home-run derby is entertaining , I have Bonds winning nearly every derby . The gameplay is wonderful , the controls are n't complicated . The graphics are pretty good , they look like some of the `` older '' game consoles , maybe the playstation ? I would recommend getting this game .
 I recently purchased high heat 2003 and compared to other games it is no doubt the best game on the market for pc and other systems . Triple Play has improved none , and Microsoft Baseball just does n't have the right gameplay , but this game however , has everything you want and the best feature is by far the Franchise or Career mode . For everyone who is wondering if they should buy this game or not your mind should be made up , it 's High Heat by Homerun !
 I am so sorry that I can not play the game . Because my PC keeps freezing , crashing or just reboote whil playing the game.The game it self is very fun to play . I really love it . But there is nobody there to help me out with the game.I even bought a upgrate RAM , I paid $ 16.95 to the online XP people to help me out . I wrote the 3DO people a doxen times . At first they replied . But as I still was not able to play the game , they stopped replying for my cries of help . As the 30-day period has past , I could not return the game or ask for a new one . So I am stuck with the game . What I do now is after each inning I `` save and quit '' the game . because it crashes maybe after one inning , two innings or maybe even three innings . It is a real real pitty , I love to play it , but it is just to much ... I am sorry for this rewiew , but it is what it is
 This game is very fun and entertaining to play . The graphics are good , and you have lots of options to choose from . Some say the graphics are n't as good as the Triple Play series , but they are much better than my Dreamcast 2k2 baseball game . If I have one gripe about this game , it 's the computer baserunners . They can go from first to third or second to home and the play is never close . Other than that , I love this game ! ... You ca n't go wrong with High Heat 2003 !
 This is an amazing game . It has everything from stats to real life rosters . Overall one of the best baseball games .
 There 's only one word you can describe hh03 is FRANCHISE . The whole game is emphasized on franchise where you draft rookies control a minor leauge system trade for the next young superstar and have players improve through the years . You can LITERALY go through 60,000 YEARS . This game is only for that computer freak that likes solid franchise games because if you want this game just to play games and hit homers your making a bad choice .
 In this particular case , however , IT IS ... I have the 2002 version of HIGH HEAT and I thought that one was much better than the 2000 and 1999 editions , but the latest is definitely the greatest ! Everything about High Heat 2003 is terrific ! The only problem I had with it was getting it to play properly . After I cleared up that problem it was smooth and exhilarating sailing - complete with , perhaps , the most realistic play of any PC sports game I 've yet to see or hear about from any of my fellow baseball game enthusiasts on the internet . I enjoy playing the older games because the players are so familiar but this most recent addition to the High Heat family is the most fun for me .
 I love this game ! I love the fact that there is a Hall of Fame for the great players in the Career Mode to entire after they retire . I love the fact that everything is editable , from creating players to editing players -LRB- although the stats are right on -RRB- . I love how smoothly the CPU-General Manager works with you to make trades go down fairly . Flat out , I love this game so much . My only quarrel ? Why oh WHY does n't this game work on Windows 2000 ?! I hate Windows ME ! I hate it ! It is the worst thing ever ! But , I love High Heat 2003 , so I 'm stuck . I 'm just waiting for years from now when I get sick of High Heat so I can put Windows 2000 back on my machine .
 I bought High Heat Baseball 2002 and I was blown away with how great it was . The graphics , and the realism of the game play are way beyond any baseball game on the market . I have n't seen much on High Heat 2003 , but that sure -LRB- ... -RRB- does n't matter . I 'm gon na order this game before I read any reviews , see any screen shots , or talk to any of my friends . If it 's even CLOSE to as good as 2002 is , I got ta have it . This is a game that your not taking a chance on , it 's a guaranteed winner .
 This game is the most accurate simulation of a major sport that has ever been produced . Anyone who has played High Heat 2001 or 2002 can tell you that you wo n't find a better game anywhere . Control every aspect of the league , even the minor league clubs that feed into the official Major League Baseball teams . You can even use a tune file included with the game to make it play the way you want it to . There 's a lot of bang for the buck here . Do yourself a favor and get this or the Playstation 2 version now !
 High Heat Baseball 2002 was by far the best baseball game ever . This new version of the amazing baseball game can only be better . If you 've ever played High Heat '01 or '02 you know what I am talking about . If you have ` nt , this game is amazing ! You can control your whole franchise from Rookie-A to the majors . Draft or use real rosters . Play as many seasons as you want with players retiring and then call up rookies to take their place . Awards like MVP and Cy Young are awarded after every season . This is a must buy for any video game fan or baseball fan !
 I personally think that this year 's version of High Heat baseball 2003 will be great and better than last year after reading some reviews on it from sites . If you had played the high heat series , you know what i 'm talking about . I fyou have not played any high heat before , PLEASE go and get this version for either PC or PS2 . It 's the baseball gaming that get 's you really into the game . Really exciting to play and the graphics are awesome !
 I have played at least one game a day since the day after it hit the store shelves . Great Fun ! There are improvements that needed to be made in the graphics , most notably the backgrounds around the stadiums , but overall the game looks good enough . The real test comes when you examine the gameplay - it passes the test with flying colors . If you need a game to look like the latest super XBox video test , you do n't need to look at this game . If you care more about how the addictiveness of baseball can be traslated into a PC game , step into the batter 's box and take a couple of swings . Wonderful , excellent , fun game . Certainly not perfect -LRB- would get five stars -RRB- but it has really hit the mark on the things that I think are most important in a baseball game .
 I 'm not a huge sports fan ... especially baseball , but games like this make baseball enjoyable to play . First off , I have no game pad , so I have to say , using the keyboard for a game like this is a pain , and you might want to check automatic fielding , because using the keys to catch a fly is really hard -LRB- atleast it is for me since I have n't had the game very long . -RRB- The graphics are really nice , but on my 450Mhz computer , it lagged a bit every now and then . It 's nice to have all the fields to choose from , and to be able to choose night or day play and rain or clear weather.The gameplay is decent ... without a game pad -LRB- as I mentioned0 , with one , it would probably improve the gameplay A LOT . Sometimes , with the keyboard , you find yourself hitting the wrong button and throwing to first instead of second ... sometimes this makes double plays tricky , especially when they hit the ball fast . One thing I do n't likw is how the batter sometimes comes up and takes practice swings , but he does it right before the pitch is thrown , so it throws off your concentration from the pitch itself . It 's easier to just hit the swing button each time you get to bat before the pitcher even gets ready . Other than that , the gameplay is easy to figure out , but not perfect . Like I mentioned , I turn automatic fielding on , because it gets tough at times and it 's more enjoyable to have some chance to win!There are tons of options here ... you get all the real players ... all the detailed stats for each player . You can one game or a whole season or form your own season . I 've only tried the exhibition mode , so I can not comment on the season modes . They have tons of fields to play in , as I said ... and the players all look really nice - the graphics on them and all.Really entertaining game , and it 's one you can play over and over -LRB- like most sports games -RRB- ... you can start out as rookie and increase the level you want to play at -LRB- all the way to hall of famer , I think -RRB- so that should help keep things interesting as well . I 've never played any of the other high heat games , but this one is a lot of fun and very well put together .
 This is easily the best depiction of major league baseball that I 've encountered in a video game . The game does an excellent job of capturing the tension between batter and pitcher confrontations and allows the player to customize a lot of the gameplay . While HHB2003 does have its problems , it is overall a very solid game.Gameplay
 To put it blankly , if you want the best game that for the most part is an actual representation of the game of baseball today , High Heat is your best bet.Pros : * Stats , stats , stats ! Just about every stat you could hope for is here . Every Major league player has complete stats for every year plus ranking based on his strenghts , weaknesses and age , etc. * Batter/Pitcher interface . For pitchers you select your pitch aim it where you want to go , and when that pitch leaves the pitchers hand , you have no control over it , just like in real life . The Batter interface is the best two , pretty simple for the most part , you aim the control pad where you think the ball will be and press the button to swing . Hopefully you 'll hit the ball . You 'll find it easier to hit off pitchers that are n't that great , and pitchers like Randy Johnson will be a tougher challenge for you . * Mod community . There are mods for just about every aspect of this game . You can find uniforms , player photos/faces , stadiums , up to date rosters -LRB- including many minor league players and prospects -RRB- on a bunch of sites . baseballsimcentral.com is a good place to start . -LRB- or finish ! -RRB- Cons : * Bugs . There are a decent amount of bugs with this version , but if you are n't daunted , you can fix most if not all of them youself . Sadly 3do has n't released a patch , and it looks unlikely they ever will , so you 'll be on your own . * Grafix . This game does n't look all that great . Even with a ton of community made game changes , the player models , and stadiums pale in comparision to other games out there . But that ok , because if you want an accurate stats driven game , this is the best bet.Overall
 I love this game ! I love the fact that there is a Hall of Fame for the great players in the Career Mode to entire after they retire . I love the fact that everything is editable , from creating players to editing players -LRB- although the stats are right on -RRB- . I love how smoothly the CPU-General Manager works with you to make trades go down fairly . Flat out , I love this game so much . My only quarrel ? Why oh WHY does n't this game work on Windows 2000 ?! I hate Windows ME ! I hate it ! It is the worst thing ever ! But , I love High Heat 2003 , so I 'm stuck . I 'm just waiting for years from now when I get sick of High Heat so I can put Windows 2000 back on my machine .
 I got this game on release date -LRB- 3/13/2002 -RRB- and I am VERY pleased with it . The bugs that usaully plauged me on the previous versions have not reared their ugly heads -LRB- yet ? -RRB- . The game play is great and the seasons computer very quickly.I play in career mode on MVP and it is very challenging . I notice it is easier to strike out the computer players than in previous versions but this is a GOOD thing and it is by no means excessive but more realistic . Regarding some reviews I have read citing bugs in Home Run Derby I ca n't comment since I do not play Home Run Derby . The rosters are very good with all the rookies expected to make the majors included . This game rules if you are into a realistic baseball games that has great playabilty .
 I 'm not sure I understand the negative reviews for HH 2003 preceeding this one . After playing MANY baseball video/computer games over the years , High Heat is by far the best . So what if Alomar 's arms are dark , who cares ?! The game play , stats , and simulation are fantastic and although I just recieved HH 2003 - 2 days ago I have already noticed improved tweeking on little things that make it that much better than before -LRB- and no I do n't work for 3DO -RRB- . Is there room for future improvement -LRB- making the stands of people come alive for example -RRB- sure , but stop stressing over the little things . Buy it , play it and enjoy .
 While I obviously have n't played this years version of HH2K3 yet because as I write this it has yet to be released , my order is already placed . Year in and year out this IS the best sports game ever made . If you are the sports sim type who wants your players to perform like they would in real life , this is the game for you . If you think everyone should put up Barry Bonds numbers , then maybe you should join the rest of the twelve year-olds and pick up the latest from the Triple Play series . However , if you like realistic baseball , this is the game for you . Pedro will be the toughest pitcher you face , consider yourself lucky if you scatter six hits against him . You will have to guess right and swing early if you hope to catch up with Randy Johnson 's stuff . Ichiro will beat out slow rollers to the left side of the field every time . I would n't reccomend testing Pudge 's arm with over the hill Kenny Lofton because Pudge has the best arm in the game and old guys ARE slow in real life and in this game . If you choose the Rangers as your team and annoint Rocker the closer , you better stock up on the anti-acid tablets cause your stomach will churn as he strikes out two , walks two and gives up a hit almost blowing your `` comfortable '' three run lead . Chuck `` Block Head '' will bumble ground balls with the best of em if you try to put him back at second base for K.C.The only complaints you can really have about HH the last two years is the base running which can be difficult to control sometimes . A fast baserunner such as Furcal or Ichiro can bunt themself aboard a good 60 % of the time . I wish they would have the defense move in after a bunt single or two . You can also cut down on your strikeouts even if you are Jim Thome or Mo Vaugh . These guys really should have huge holes in their swings because in real life , they do , but you can cut em way down if you get your timing right . Do n't get me wrong , this is still the most realistic sports game on the planet . I reccomend you check out the tune files available for this game on the net . Find one that fits your liking and have a blast trying to lead your team to World Series in a 162 game season . You will just have to give people a few months to get the tune files up to speed . I am currently playing a 162 game season of HH2002 with my Indians and I am having a blast with it . I was able to get updated rosters and a great tune file from baseballsimcentral.com . It has been rough going for me so far with no Robbie or Juan Gone , but I am catching on . I have to play smart baseball , take pitches , hit and run at the right time , move the infield in to stop runners on third from scoring , ect . . Mental errors really will kill you in this game , you better find a way to score at least a run with runners on first and second and nobody out . Do you lay down a bunt and move the runners over ? Is the batter a slow Travis Fryman type , ripe double play material ? Is the pitcher a ground ball thrower -LRB- sinkers , splitters , fastballs -RRB- , or will he hang a curve or a change-up you can drive ? You really have to take all of this into consideration , making this hands down THE BEST SPORTS VIDEO GAME EVER MADE . Better than Madden , better than NBA Live or Tiger Wooods or NFL or NBA 2K2 . Why are you still reading this ? Buy it now
 ... The game plays very solid with great AI on the two highest levels . Great phyiscs , solid AI and very realistic stats make for the best baseball game to date .
 Bottom line -- if you have High Heat MLB 2002 , you can skip this year 's edition , unless you 're willing to drop $ 30 + for some tweaks and a roster update -- and even then , you 're getting outdated rosters anyway . But if on the other hand if you 're sick of the arcade-style console games masquerading as PC sports games , are looking for a richer , deeper , more satisfying baseball experience , and have yet to give High Heat a try , then 2003 is a good way to go.I feel a little dirty giving a good score to what is basically last year 's game , but the fact is there 's little to no competition for High Heat on the PC . It 's this , or statistical sim-management games like Season Ticket or Baseball Mogul , which are fine games , but since there 's no on-the-field action , that 's a different genre entirely.Everybody else is dead . Stormfront , Accolade , and Sierra Sports have all hung up their cleats . Even EA Sports is sitting out this season , with last year 's Triple Play Baseball still sitting in stores with Jason Giambi in his old A 's uniform.Congratulations , High Heat . You 're the champion.By default .
 This is an amazing game . It has everything from stats to real life rosters . Overall one of the best baseball games .
 This game has good sound and all the SIMS games have good graphics . Building is very easy and there are more cheats . You can even build your own downtown which is really cool .
 The vacation pack adds alot of fun to the world of your sims . On paper it sounds great and loads of fun-which it is . While on vacation , your sims undergo a series of activites , all of which are entertaining to watch . While on vacation , you to can relax , as you are not bound to the exact schedule the way you are at home . You can go on vacation for more than one day without loosing your sim 's jobs because back at home , time is paused . But , money is sometimes a very limiting factor on vacation island . Almost everything your sims do cost them money , money that you may not be able to loose . So , before planning a vacation , figure out how long you want to stay for so that you can limit your funds spent . However , your sims do not pay for the items they use , so in a way , it may be less expensive to live on vacation than it would be to live at home . There is always the option of having one of your adult sims looking for treasure around the clock , which is the only source of a steady income . However , if your funds are not limited , or you simply like to get your sims in debt , than by all means , splurge and so as much as you can ! It is extremly entertaing . This is a great game , as long as you have a pile of money waiting to be spent !
 This a great game for teens . It 's soooo much fun and always something to do , and you can never stop playing . I like it because it 's the Never Ending game !
 THis is the most exciting expantion pack . I always wanted to make my sims go out of the house but I never imagined my dream come true this is incredible you can build bars , restaurants , shops , even you can build your own version of the Moulin Rouge . I ca n't wait to November 14th to get it because it seems like that the better expantion pack in the world its coming to the sims right now ... THe most exciting are the new ways to interact like the passionate kiss or the handshake greet . So in my opinion if you like the sims you will ADORE the sims hot date
 The Sims
 This is a great game.I am 13 and this game is so realistic and fun.I like House Party and Livn ' Large Expantion pack , but Hot Date!It is so fun you get to go on dates to the city and all that fun stuff.I have to say it again , this is a awsome game !!!
 i think that the sims is one of the best , if not the best game that i have ever had the pleasure of playing ! It is so realistic ! I love how you are able to create your own sims ! I think that all people who read this should buy the sims ! It is without doubt ... the best game ever created !
 I think the sims is a really cool game.you have many thing to choose to do , the same with the livin , largeand house party but to be honest sims hotdate looks the best.since you can let your sims go to restaurants and shops it looks really fun.i always wanted something more exciting for my sims and now its here :-RRB- . the thing i liked most about the hotdate wasthat your sims can go to different places.thats all : -RRB-
 the sims has always been my favorite game . The 2 different expansion packs added some variety but in the end i always end up getting bored with the daily routine . -LRB- + The problem with house party is the job of clearing up , the morning after . -RRB- With downtown you can put on a formal suit and take your sim to a posh ballroom or wear a really cool dress and head off to a club for the night.Why not create a library or a swimming pool + gym instead of buying them for your house?Although there are only 10 lots in downtown you can build as many shops etc. on one lot as you want . And theres a downtown for each nieghbourhood so you 'll never be bored again !
 sims is like the best game in the whole world ! i just went hyper when they said they were gon na release a new E-pack ! Ok . this is what 's new in sins new expansion pack hot date . sims will be able to date eachother and go to down town or just stay home . there are over 100 new objects in sims hot date . there are 4-10 neighborhoods adn every neighborhood will have a down town . There will be a beach , downtown or just a park . they are so awesom man . There will be new disasters in hot date . there will be wild animals that might attack you in the park , ants staling your food bye not to worry , there is some way to get rid of them . just think about your sim and their datekids will be able to go downtown with an adult supervision . -LRB- i think . i 'm still not sure -RRB- but anyways the sims will have 40 new interactions . new kissing techinigues , new hugs and all that stuff . ...
 I have to say that I love The SIMS ! From Livin ' Large to Hose Party , there has always been something missing , but in The Sims Hot Date expansion pack Everything changes . IF you 've never played the Sims Before beware it is extremely adictive , but with this new EP I think that It will be even harder . For example there 's The big thing
 I 've been into RPG 's for years , just now hearing about the SIMS . I first saw the game at a friends house , on her computer she show me everything about it . Um I thought it was cool . . anyways I 'm a playstation fan and I would love to buy The Sims Hot Date ... I would like to know will it be on the PSX . If not I will still buy it . Ca n't wait to check it out ...
 I guarantee that The Sims Hot Date will be a hit ! I 've tried all of Will Wright 's -LRB- The creator of The Sims , Sim City , Simsville , Sim Coaster , Sim Theme Park -RRB- software and they were great . I 've ordered it already and so should you . You could take your sim 's child to school or take them to work . They cook , eat , sleep , have their hygine , work , education , engage , move-in & etc. . This game is great for people who need to find something interesting to do when they are bored . It brings hours of fun ! This game is not reccommended for children under 13 .
 I ca n't wait till it comes out !! and also i ca n't wait till The Sims Online . =-RRB- if you do n't have The Sims or the sims liv ` en lage or The Sims House party the you need to get THEM !!!
 I think this expansion will be the best yet.I hav n't bought the other expansions yet but I 'm going to.I 've already preordered the Hot Date and I ca n't wait until I get it !! 0 : - -RRB-
 Since receiving The Sims Deluxe Edition as a Christmas present this past year , I have put in countless amount of hours creating sim characters , buying them houses , building them houses , decorating their houses , making them friends and moving them up the ol' career ladder . After getting The Sims Unleashed , I have put in countless amount of hours buying my sims cute little pets , and having them save money on food by growing their own vegetable gardens.Now , with The Sims Hot Date , I have put in countless amount of hours making my sims characters get a little friendly with each other - if you know what I mean -LRB- wink-wink , nod-nod -RRB- , and I think you do . With Hot Date , a whole new neighborhood is added , called `` Downtown '' . It costs 50 bucks to get there , but it 's a great place for your sims to go to try and get lucky . However , I have a tendency to make my sims go too fast in the love lane , so the option of inviting another sims home has not yet worked to my advantage -LRB- the other characters usually tell me where to go , then walk away -RRB- . Tons of new items have been added , including booths , a `` lover 's swing '' , a heart-shaped hot tub , a pond , new floor tiles , new wallpapers/paints , etc. . Also included are new actions that can be used , such as the cuddling feature , which can be used when two sims are on a couch or love swing together . There 's tons to do Downtown , including eating at a restaurant , going to the beach , and shopping -LRB- you can either buy new clothes for yourself , or you can buy candy , flowers and stuffed toys for your significant other -RRB- . And also , like in Unleashed , there is an empty lot included , where you can build your own business.Okay , now to discuss the ONLY thing I dislike about The Sims add-ons
 I really love the sim games and have all of them , but this one is just different . I agree with one viewer about everything downtown being way to expensive and they have changed the interaction settings so it takes much much longer for your sims to become friends etc , or allowing you to advance in your career . The other major problem that I have been having is that my computer crashes constantly when playing this game . I have all of the requirements on my system and all of the other games work perfectly . I think that Maxis had some bugs to work out before releasing it.My suggestion is buy all of the other ones first , and when you get bored of those , try this one ... but learn to love the other three first !
 Hello People , Thinking about buying this title yeah ? Well I believe if you 've bought the last two expansion packs -LRB- House Party , Livin It Large -RRB- then this one will definetly be one you 'll want to buy since this one has more items compared to the last two expansion packs and that it is the freedom to take your date around in the town.Although I find the game somewhat harder in terms of trying to get friendly with people ... well ... in a sense of being friends or being very friendly if you know what I mean ;-RRB- Becoming friends is easy ... but trying to find a lover is hard stuff man . Instead of being like the last version of The Sims , you cannae really dive straight in and kiss them -LRB- Dammit -RRB- instead you have to work round it because they get kinda picky . Peck on the cheek goes a long way which is one of the new interactive options available.I 've not played the game to it 's extent yet but another cool feature as mentioned earlier is the options to take your partner -LRB- or yourself if your not cool enough -RRB- to the town . Remember that you could give gifts to people in the last versions ? Well in this one , you go out and buy your own gifts , your own cloths etc and take your date to dinner and hehe ... play footsie.It 's definetly best to buy this game people ... it 's funny and well worth it.Note
 Sims has created another expansion pack but this one would prove the best one yet ! Sims hot date is an all new sim experience including new objects , interest , new sims and even a car ... your own car ! Included in this game is a downtown hangout ! A shopping mall , beach -LRB- which you can create -RRB- , park , pub and even a fancy restaurant . Ask that special sim out and take them for a romantic dinner ... hey if the mood is right you can play footsie or even gossip about the couple next to you . If that is not your idia of a perfect date take them for a stroll in the park , have a picnic or even make out ! Included in the game objects are love coaches , picnic baskets and a love tub . This game proves the be the most exciting one yet . Congratulations Maxi 's for creating yet another brilliant game !
 Having all of the expansion packs to the Sims -- so far , I am delighted to say that this is the best to them all . It does n't add a tremendous amount of objects , but it adds an entire new world to the little sim `` bubble '' your sim has been living in . Now they can go DOWNTOWN ! There are so many things to do downtown and what can I say -- ITS HOT!You can now eat at nice resteraunts , go to the beach , try on new clothes and thousands of other things . *** WHY SHOULD YOU BUY THIS GAME ? *** - Adds an entire new world to the sims that includes many , many activities.-Whenever you get bored with just simply having your sim wake up , get dressed , go to work , eat dinner , and go to bed you can take him/her downtown for a spicy night on the town.-New Items . They did n't add as many as I had hoped , but they added quite a few very good items . New walls and floors , tables , chairs , desks , and decor.-New SKINS-I love new skins . They added quite a few good skins to this expansion pack although I think they could 've added a few more with very little effort . *** WHAT ARE THE DRAWBACKS FOR BUYING THIS GAME *** - If you do n't have a good computer , the sims game-play will be strenuous and slow.-It crashes periodically on all systms-The downtown is extremely crowded and hard to move around in . Sometimes it take 4 to 5 hours just to get downtown and eat a small dinner . This is perhaps the most annoying aspect of this game.-You ca n't take a group of friends downtown with you ... Just one person-There are several errors like this one -- In order to get the option `` call a cab '' to go downtown , you must buy a specific phone . This specific phone is old-fashioned and ugly in addition to this . There are several errors like that.Should you get this ? I highly recommend it
 The Sims was my favorite computer game . I got it as a gift for Christmas , Livin ' Large that February , and House Party that May . I was completely hooked . I played it at every chance I got . But come House Party , I was let down . . and I did n't play the Sims again until yesterday , when my dad brought home The Sims
 Do you love to play matchmaker ? Or maybe you 'd like to create your dream crush . If so , this game is for you . For the romantic `` Simmers '' and for those who like to have fun , I think The Sims Hot Date is the best expansion to get . You can spend hours Downtown , taking your date for dinner , or maybe buying him or her clothes . Also try buying flowers , candy and teddy bears for people . Cuddle with your date in a booth seat and invite him or her home . Anyone who thinks it 's fun to create your own date should play this . Oh , and if you decide to buy this , thesims.com is a site where you can really create your own date with The Sims Make A Date .
 Im a big fan of the Sims so when a new expansion came out i quickly ordered it -LSB- ... -RSB- . The game gives you more to do than just sit around at home . Though it is a little slower than the first games . Hot Date is definitly a must have . There are many new reactions for your sims . and you can shop in the new downtown area . or send your Sims on a picnic in the park where they can smooch on a picnic blanket or play with boats . the game is really fun and is definitly worth buying .
 Finally , the Sims get out of the house . EA/Maxis have outdone themselves again , and it makes me wonder just what they will do for the next Sims expansion pack . -LRB- Pleeeeeeease tell me there will be another expansion pack ! -RRB- That cost is not an option when you build your downtown -LRB- though it may figure into how much your Sims spend once they get down there -RRB- inspires all kids of creativity . Once it 's built - which takes as much time as building anything in The Sims - your set to go . The new NPCs make for more interestingly gameplay , and your character might just meet his/her new love while they 're on the town ! While the choice of items available downtown was limited at first , Maxis has come through with add-ons that make it simple to make your downloaded objects available downtown , and at the same time add them to the sub-categories EA and Maxis -LRB- bless them ! -RRB- have included in the build and buy modes . It makes furnishing a house much easier , with less clicking through options than was required before.Maxis has come a long way since the first , classic-but-humble version of Sim City . They keep -LRB- pleasantly -RRB- surprising us .
 The Sims is not complete without this expansion pack . I just love building restaurants and malls ! It 's a great way to get out and make friends easier in The Sims .
 The Sims Hotdate is absoloutly great it is so cool I never stop playin on it . You create a girl and a boy and you have got to give them diffrent sir names . Then you get the boy and you ask the girl out on a date then if your luckey they will get married also you can go shopping and have a tiny baby you can die as well and you have a certain expence on money it really is the best I love it you never get bored .
 This game is a lot better than the Vacation pack . I really enjoy all the new interactions you have with the sims . You get to pick how you want to kiss from a peck to romantic and even get to pick how you want to hug from friendly to romantic . I also like how they can cuddle while they are watching T.V. or eating at the restarant downtown . The only disadvantage to me is that when you decide to go shopping downtown , there arent many things to choose from . I think it would be a lot better if you had more cloths , jewerly , books and other things to chose from or maybe stuff to decorate your house with . But overall it is a really fun game it is about time the sims get out of the house and go downtown to relax and meet new people .
 I love the sims and own all but the sims unleashed -LRB- which i just ordered -RRB- and sims vacation . This is deffinatly the best of them all so far . Ever sence the frist sims I had wanted a place for my sims to enteract in , like a mall . It is so romantic for sims to go to dinner and get away from work with the one they love . Deffinatly buy this if you want fun enteractions and new scenery .
 This expanshion pack is awsome . I 'm obsessed with The Sims and I have all of the expansions except for vacation -LRB- I 'm getting as soon as I can -RRB- . Hot Date has been the best so far . It has tons of new interactions , new objects , new skins , and best of all you can go downtown ! You have GOT to get this game !!
 It is osum man I have never played a game so cool .
 The Sims just keeps getting better and better with the latest technology and countless new features , which is definitely proved by the third expansion , Hot Date.New steamy interactions , new ... um ... encouraging objects , and a great new feature -- you can actually leave the house to go downtown !! FINALLY !! Anyway , there are new interactions . I do n't mean just simple interactions , but different choices for each interaction . Do you get what I am sayin ' ? Just one example of this is hug . There has always been a hug interaction . However , now there are special typees of hugs , which include
 I enjoy the game , and well , I still do . The sad thing is , they canceled most of the few actions they had for Sim Children . I mean , I thought there would be more things , but , the poor children , they do nothing but study , then they ca n't make anything to eat ... nothing.But , well , the Adult Sims get to go downtown , have fun , * yadda yadda yadda * It 's all good and fun , but that in itself is n't as great as I 'd have thought . I mean , it was kinda * bleh * . Anywhoo ... I 'm looking forward to Sims Vacation.I just think Maxis should think about the Sim Children , because I do n't even want to adopt babies anymore .
 This is the first expansion pack for the Sims that I 've gotten , and it 's absolutely awesome . It allows you take your shopping , out to eat , and best of all , dating ! They can date your other game characters or one of the many townies that float around downtown.It comes with a lot neat little things , i.e. a cuddle couch , and other things that help your Sims to get closer and fall in love . It also comes with 5 new types of characters who can enhance the game or make the game more difficult.The only problem is that it slows down the game a bit sometimes and can end up causing it to crash , but normally , it does n't do this.The coolness outweighs the badness , so I definitely recommend this for any Sim freak out there !
 i had the game b4 n i loved it it was great !! but it is even better with house party . u can make yo own clubs n stuff . so where all da young sims can go out n have fun n meet some sims ...
 this is the absolute best game ever ! -LRB- i espeacly like the love tub -RRB-
 Maxis has done it again ! This has to be their best game ever ! Its too hard to explain how good it is so I wo n't even try !
 Well this expansion has more options to choose form and a downtown to go to that you create . Finally . Also includes new items . Plus there is two relationship bars to make the game keep you coming back for more .
 I loved this game . It is funner than the Sims Livin Large and House Party . I would advise anyone looking for a fun game to buy this GREAT game !
 Not only does this game look ten times as interesting as the other expansion packs , but I have to say -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- , it looks incredibly sleazy . I thought the other two EP 's were skanky , with the `` love '' bed and the cake dancer ; but despite the seducingly enticing cover and reviews , this looks like the best EP yet ! I gave it 4 stars -LRB- I have no doubt that it deserves five -RRB- just to leave room for one more . So my advice is to buy it while you can so you do n't have to wait for any store to restock this anticipated Sims expansion pack . Besides , has Maxis actually produced any unsuccessful games ? I think not , Sim fans !
 I have read all of the reviews for the Expansion and I think that this is the FAR best Sims Expantion Pack ! It has just about everything that a Sims fan wanted and more . I think that this could be the best trend that it was ever to come about . The walls ... floors ... . and of course the Objects ... . are just what everyone wants . I think that this is the best game that I will \ and have invested in . I recommend it to anyone ! Young or Old Male or Female it is for everyone !
 ` The Sims
 The Sims Hot Date is so far the best sim games ever . I hape that they make more like it so I can have more fun with the people . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Hello this is Bianca and Natalie and we are REALLY REALLY REALLY BIG BIG BIG SIMS fans ! I mean it 's our life ! We are In with the out crowd because we play this game so much ! Anyway we are stoked for The Sims : Hot Date EP ! Natalie just told me today and I could have killed her ! I mean i have n't been able to prepare yet ! 3 months is n't enough to prepare for the oh mighty ! Come on now ! People are saying `` Well it 'll probably be stupid ! '' Well you know what I have to say to that . . get a Sims life ! That 's right if you have a life ... drop it and get hooked on Sims it worked for us ! We love The Sims and we cherish every moment spent on this beloved game ! There is so much to type about it but my fingers are starting hurt ! So Shibby for now ! We love you guy who made the Sims ! We want to marry you ! You have moved us emotionally , spiritually , and mentally through our 6th , 7th , and 8th grade year . So we best be on our way ! To figure out why Bianca 's Sims keeps skipping . If only she did n't download that stupid fairy house none of it would have happen . Well until the shibby comes to a shibby ... Shibby ! Love Will Wright Always , Bianca Pernice and Natalie Mirabal -LRB- Of Chicago , IL!Man is it hot that 's why we play the Sims ! -RRB- P.S. I -LRB- Bianca -RRB- broke my ankle yesterday ! And with that give me my free SIMS HOT DATE EP ! NOW ! Bye !
 This `` pack '' is one that I never really got into . It just allows you to go on dates and go shopping downtown . I found this pack really boering .
 This game is too tight !!! I 'm already saying it 's too tight and i just got it the day before yesterday !! if you have n't bought this game !! BUY IT !!!
 I just got it , it 's amazing . . best expansion ever . . I love it everything is improved . . if your one of `` The Sims fan `` Go buy it now
 I Can not wait until this new expansion pack comes out ! I 've already ordered it!Livin Large and House Party were two great expansion packs ! I hope they come out with more expansion packs so we can have more fun controlling the people and having them fall in love .
 I have all of the sims expasion packs and they are sooooo great . I am expecting Sim Hot date on NOV. 16 and I cant wait tell then and I have one thing to say to anyone who is thinking about buying this ... . do it , it will be worth all that money I can be sure
 This looks like the best Sims add-on yet . I have also been informed that they are cancelling Simsville , hopefully if hot date incorporates downtown shopping areas -LRB- bars , malls e.t.c -RRB- then not having Simsville wo n't be much of a problem . Roll on November . Keep up the good work Electronic Arts !!
 This is gon na be the BEST EXPANSION PACK EVER !!! With all the new objects , areas , and interactions that are part of this expansion pack , I will never get off the computer . I had hoped that my sims would soon be able to date , and now they can !!! I ca n't wait to get HOT DATE !!
 I just got married on this game they love each other so much that they keep kissing each other I just cant stand it I am so happy I got this game now it takes a long time to do this they always say we need to talk or Im hungry or we need to have some to fun or im in a bad mode so it does take a long time so their you have it thank you .
 i absolutely love this expansion you can finally have fun with your sim . by the way i know an easier cheat you type in rosebud ;
 Sims Hot Date is fantastic !!! In this 3rd expansion pack for the Sims game you get a chance to do something totally different , take your Sim downtown !!! There are new walls , floors , and a bunch of new stuff to put in your downtown area to make a great store , restaraunt , or park . Do n't worry , if you do n't like to build you do n't have to ... just like in the other sims expansions there are pre-built buildings that are really fun to visit . I think the funniest things to watch are when you take your Sim on a date downtown you get to plant funny new kisses and moves on your date . There 's also a wild animal in hot date that can attack you !!! Everyone must get this game !!!!
 I know that with the sims , your parents will freak out , or say that you cant have it because its rated teen , and with this new title , HOT DATE , my parents arent sure either , but its not bad at all . You dont see anything ... BAD ... or any BAD language , heck , they have their own SIM language . It helps you find out that you cant spend to much money , or you wont have everything that you need , its educational in a way . I have all of the sims games , and i am planning to get this one also . In the sims hot date , you will be able to go into town , you dont have to stay at home , you can finally go on your VERY first date with the sims ... I have been waiting for this , and Im sure it will be the best one so far ... I hope that this has helped !! PARENTS DONT WORRY , YOUR KIDS WILL LOVE THIS GAME , AND ITS A PERFECT CHRISTMAS GIFT !! LOL
 ~ Our Troubles : My brother recieved this game for his birthday . At the time we had Windows 2000 . However , Sims wo n't work on 2000 . We upgraded to Windows XP , still did n't work . We were getting frustrated when I decided to format the computer . Turns out that Sims is real picky , if you have any Windows 98 platforms , format your computer !!! About the game : I like it a lot . It came with House Party , which I enjoy . We have had a lot of fun with our Double Deluxe version and can not wait to upgrade to Sims 2 and/or buy more expansion packs . The game layout is easy to use , and relatively fast , although installation is a son of a beach. ; -RRB- HAVE FUN !!!
 I recieved The Sims Hot Date as a gift for getting an award at school . This is really one of the 2 best expansion packs out there for your sims ; Hot Date and Living Large have the greatest new items , themes , and all sorts of other cool stuff . The content may be a little much for younger people , but mature and trusting indivudials should be fine with this game -LRB- the parents should see the game , then decide -RRB- . This is really an awesome game = -RRB-
 This is the best SIMS expansion pack yet . It is so much fun to go out on dates with people . There are way more actions for you to do and lots of new features . It is packed with tons of new objects and people . This is the best SIMS game ever ! I promise you will love it ! The downtown area you can crete your self or leave it how it comes . There is lots of new stores restraunts , casual and formal . There are waiters , paino players , any thing you can imagine ! I lvoe this game and I 'm sure you will too .
 I think it is a very cool game because you can go downtown to meet anyone in the neighbourhood and the townies . Those users say the sims is boring , look again . There are thousands of things you can try ... go to the mall , cafe , park , entertainment centre , you name it . What 's more , the are 40 social interactions for your sims . What 's the con ? Simply almost to none . One thing is , the sims hot date is only `` expand '' sim adults ' ability only . Ca n't a poor kid buy a candy or teddy bear at downtown or go downtown with an adult ???
 I like this game . I mean , a bit a ' lag is nothing to stop u guys from buying this game ! 100000000000000/10
 The Sims Hot Date expansion Pak is the best Sims expansion pack yet featuring a new down town area . You will be able to take you speacial sim to a night on the town . You can build your own downtown you can make cafes ngihtclubs resturans etc. . Downtown will also feature 2 beach plots in which to build on . There are over a 100 new items which in the build menu have a pink backround . Most of the new objects are for the downtown area but can be used in you home as well with exeptions . Such as the cash register . There are also several characters in the downtown area that are not playble such as an old lady . So overall this new expansion may be the best thing that happend to the sims since the big screen tv .
 This game really really adds to the Sims . It was the first expansion to let your sim leave its house , and introduced a whole slew of new people for your sim to become friends with , with out you having to manage them in an actual sim household . The new `` Downtown '' area is a place to meet people on your own , or go on dates with prospective lovers . Go shopping for swimwear , formal wear , and pjs , as well as other trinkets and gifts to give to other sims . Go out for a casual drink and hit the dance floor , or take your love out for a dinner date where you can cuddle and make out in the booths . Be serenaded , or have a picnic outdoors , or just cuddle on the new swing bench.The new household objects are n't that vast , but they are generally classy themed . Most of the things for this game are designed for downtown , but the ones for the house are lovely as well . Another huge part of this game is the new social interactions ! Tons of new kisses , hugs , talk-subjects , nagging , bragging , insults , teasing , just about every aspect of the game has a new level to it that you can test out . This is a really great expansion pack and highly recommended !
 I 'd actually like to write my review in response to one of the reviews I read here entitled BAD.Hot Date is an expansion pack that is a little ... a little more romantic . But there 's nothing on it so terribly inappropriate that an 11 year old ca n't deal with it . 11 year-olds hear about sex and all that stuff in school . They know what kissing is . They know what making out is . -LRB- If she does n't know what that is , then she goes to a very nice school . -RRB- The only thing that is somewhat naughty about this game is the love tub . -LRB- For anyone who does n't know , it 's a hot-tub in the shape of a heart , and the Sims can get in it and `` Play '' if you choose for them to . The love bed did not come with this expansion pack , it came with the regular sims . -RRB- If there 's something offensive in the expansion pack , then do n't complain about it . There 's a simple solution . Do n't have your daughter buy those items for the house and if the entire game is for some reason offensive to you , then just do n't play it . Just play the sims like your normally would without the expansion pack.As for the rating , rating it up to 15 years old is not a good idea . I 'm 14 years old , and I was able to deal with the game just fine . We see worse things then this on the news and in movies.If you did n't want your daughter to be exposed to this , then maybe you should have thought twice about getting her an expansion pack by the name of HOT DATE.I think it is a good thing that you are trying to protect your daughter , but , really , there is nothing in the game that is as bad as you make it sound.Hot Date is my favorite expansion pack . Wonderful and great , it is definitely the best thing to ever happen to my Sims , and I would reccommend it to anyone , even 11 year olds .
 When I heard that Maxis was coming out with an expansion where you could take your Sim out of their home environment , I was thrilled . Maxis had to do a pretty good job , because everyone had high expectations of the game . They certinaly did better than pretty good , and If I could only have one expansion to the Sims , this would be it.In the Sims Hot Date , you can go to the downtown area and dine , shop , or lounge . You can mingle with the townies , or ask one of them to hang out , or even go on a date with you . The dating experience is a great addition to the game . A classic Sims date would start out with picknicking at a park , or soaking up rays at the beach . They they go to dinner and play footsie under the table . Maybe even making out . But watch out for the Prude , because if she sees you and your significant other making out , you 'll have a pretty big bruise on your head from her purse . Maybe after dinner you could go shopping , buy her some chocolates , a nightgown , or a new swimsuit . Then end it with a good-night kiss.There are over 150 new objects to keep you busy at the downtown area , and even some wonderful objects for your home . How about a love tub ? A huge Japanese fish pond ? A swinging porch swing ? Hot Date has it all . And who knows , the date might go so well , they 'll want to go home with you -LRB- your sim -RRB- .
 The Sims
 Once I got Hot Date up and running , I tried to figure out how I lived without it ! Livin ' Large added on some cool stuff , but Hot Date added loads of awesome interactives ! Not only were new career tracks and objects added , but we got a whole new world ! Interact with the new NPCs called townies that live downtown , buy gifts to give from The Sims to a diamond ring , try out new social interactions , and more . You even have fun when in build and buy , too . You now have a whole downtown to build up and tear down ! Make anything from a disco club to a fancy 5-Star restaurant , and you still will have time to come up with a name and description for your place . Also , you got ta love the skins . There are more types of kisses besides polite and passionate , and you get to choose which kiss you want your Sim to give . There 's peck -LRB- on cheek -RRB- , suave -LRB- on hand -RRB- , romantic -LRB- french kiss -RRB- , and fiery -LRB- you 'll have to find out for yourself ! -RRB- . There 's also more hugs such as intimate -LRB- close and long -RRB- , leap into arms -LRB- self-explanitory -RRB- , and romantic -LRB- extremely close and long -RRB- . There 's so much social interactions , they have to be sub-categorized !
 I had the Deluxe Edition for about a year before I decided to buy an expansion . I purchased this one a few months ago because it had the downtown part to it . Finally , a way to get your Sims out of the house and to design restuarants and shops.I admit that this pack can get boring . I mean , how many times do you need to see your Sims go out to eat and buy clothes ? However , there are other fun interactions that make your characters even more fun than if left without an expansion pack , especially the relationship/lifetime friendship bars for everyone in the neighborhood.Knowing about the other packs out there , this is a great starter . After using it for three months , I 'm not tired of it , but I do look forward to buying an additional pack .
 This is a must have for any sims fan ! it allows you to go downtown where you can buy gifts for the ones you love and help love fly faster so the next thing you know you 're marrried to the perfect sim have plenty of little sims running around !
 Even if you aren ; t the most romantic kid on the block , you 'll love Maxis 's third expansion pack for `` The Sims ''
 Wow ! I love this game it 's funny and cute . You can take 1 sim out of your house and go to downtown , where you can shop for Wedding , lingerie , casual , and swimsuits , Magazine 's , jewelry , toy 's , and candy ! You can invite a sim on the phone , at your house , or even downtown . The object of the game is to get married even though I think it 's funner not being married because you ca n't ask your spouce to go on a date . There are more things to do too ! Sounds perfect huh well 1 of the only setbacks is children ca n't go -LRB- it 's so unfair ! -RRB- overall it 's a great game !! : o -RRB-
 I think that this expansion pack , like the others , is quite exceptional . Though nothing is perfect , and there are some drawbacks to this game , I still give it 5-stars anyway.Also , which may make the game more interesting and fun ... . You can download a lot there -LRB- though it 's under contruction at the moment ... -RRB- which makes gameplay more fun and , in some cases , `` easy '' . Ultimately , I think that this game is quite addicting and gives me something to do that is fun as well . I recommend this , and other expansion packs , to almost anyone -LRB- just because of the interactions between people ; some parents would n't find it suitable for their children -RRB- .
 If like me you have found yourself devoting a neighborhood to a `` social spot '' just to see the sims interact without your control , then you 'll find this expansion pack worth it simply for the new downtown area . You control one Sim downtown -LRB- of your choice -RRB- and your other characters come and interact . This impacts their relationship scores back in the neighborhood . Be the master of your own great social experiment !
 When I got the sim 's I had so much fun playing it , but I realized that the sims could only stay at home . When I heard about Hot Date I just Had to get it ! As soon as I got it I put it on my computer , and ever since my sims have spent all of their time downtown . If you 're thinking of getting the orignal get this with it ! It gives you more neighbor-hoods , more objects , and more options . And even if you already have the orignal this is still worth getting
 Before , you could make friends come over to your house , but where could you go ? Nowhere ! Now , they have made an all new downtown area where you can go and meet your friends that you created and make new friends that are strangers too . I think that this is the best simulation game ever and I ca n't wait untill the new Sims Vacation comes out , but ... The only problem I have found with this , and it 's the same with all of the previous Sims games -LRB- The Sims , Livin It Up , House Party -RRB- and it probably will be for the next -LRB- Vacation -RRB- is that the sims get tired too quickly . I know if you do n't eat for ten hours you would get hungry and if you have n't got to the toilet you would need to but it 's really annoying when you 're talking to someone and all of a sudden your Sim has an accident , and I think they should make it so they last longer .
 this is a nice game but i did not like one thing ! you cant send your kids downtown with you , onky the adults and grown-uo friends . i have this game and personally i would recomend the sims vacation because in that one you can send your kids / the whole family on an nice relaxing beach , a winter wonderland , or a camping ground included with hunting hope this helped you out
 this has too be the best sim game out there ... I love the downtown area . And you acully have a chance too buy stuff for people . I love it ! And if you enjoy the sim game 's then you 'll absulutly love this game !
 If you 're a Sims fan , you 'll love Hot Date ~ ! The Sims can now leave the house and go to the new downtown area , which is a plus , because before Hot Date you were stuck in the house all the time . The only thing I was disappointed with is that the stores do n't have very many items , and I was limited to picking the same clothes for some of my Sims . But all in all , I love the game , and am still enjoying it today .
 Hot date , a huge step in The Sims history ! Hot Date allows Downtown , a huge , new roll to The Sims ! Downtown is a place where your sims buy new clothes , dine or fast eating , buy maganizes and candy , plus you can go on dates ! Hot Date allow has more then 125 objects , which are most for downtown . Now there is Main grouping , and with Hot Date , semi-grouping of groupings . There is a short-time bar , the same as in every other The Sim game , and now the long-time bar , that is really hard to get up , but if you do , and your both in a good mood , you can get things , HOT ! Grapics/Looking Animation , well it 's the same as in every other The Sims game , which is ... :10 / 10 ! Fun , this takes the cake , this is much more fun with this expansion pack , :9.5 / 10 Gameplay/Movieplay , it lasts for a long , long time before you get actally bored with it , :9.5 / 10 Sound , downtown music is great ! I love the downtown music ! :10 / 10 Overall , this game is near perfect , REALLY near perfect ! :9.5 which is Awesome/Perfect !!! -LRB- Note , this game has some bugs in it , to download the patch , it 's at , The Sims.com ! -RRB-
 It was a pretty fun game but its pretty hard . Its not any House Party or Livin Large . But I really liked it . If your a die hard the sims fan you will like this .
 Ever since its release early last year , The Sims has had powerful and lasting appeal . Whether it 's the lure of manipulating a family of artificial people , building homes , or managing all the aspects of a career and lifestyle at your own pace , the Sims has that special quality that has garnered millions of fans . The beauty of the game that Will Wright created , though , is that it emulates real life , meaning it has an endless base of possibilities to draw from for future expansions , and it is also modular in design , meaning it 's fairly easy for the designers to plug in new components to enrich the game.One of the new NPCs is the lovelorn guitarist.The Sims has had two expansion packs so far , and now Maxis is producing a third one . Maxis says that it is always considering what the fans want and is always looking to dig deeper into places it has n't yet explored . In this new expansion , Hot Date , the designers are now delving into one aspect that Sims fans have clamored for from the beginning -- the opportunity to manage and manipulate romantic human relationships in greater depth than was previously available in the original game . After all , now that you can have a career and throw a party , what about dating and romance ? With Hot Date , Maxis is now giving lonely Sims fans a love life.A new facet of The Sims
 My friend just told me that there was a new Sims game but I did n`t believe it.Soo i went to this Sim website , and scrolled down.I could n`t believe what I saw.it was the new Sims Hot Date!I checked when it was gon na come out.I was like aaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwww mmmmmmmaaaannnn!It comes out Nov. 14 or somethin.So I ` m looking forward to playing it .
 I have not played the game yet , but it looks great ! Being able to leave your sim home and go downlown is a great turn-around !
 I would like to complament you very well on the game livin large . The way I found out about the game is I was in a computer store when I saw the game sims , -LRB- Which is good to -RRB- and I said to my self I like sim city lets see if I like this one.So I bought it and I liked it.Soon after I bought the sims I saw livin large so I bought that one.Soon I plan to buy House party .
 This game looks and sounds so cool ! I recommend you get it ! With all the new content and the Down Town feature I do n't why you would not wa n't this game . A must for sim fans !!
 Even though this review is completely invalid considering that The Sims Hot Date Expansion Pack has n't been released yet , I 'd just like to say that being able to go downtown -LRB- and out of the usual neighbourhood -RRB- to drive-thru 's , a restaurant , night club , or park is an element that is not only really cool and adds so many new levels to The Sims but it also adds a whole realm of ways to hook up with other sims and builds more of a back-bone to a relationship -LRB- ie
 I think this new expansion pack will be a success . I ca n't wait till it comes out . Maxis is a brilliant software and I ebjoy each and everyone of his many creations . GO MAXIS !!!!
 This game is gon na be a must buy ! As soon as one of my friends told me about this upcoming game I just had to check it out . The screen shots on thesims.com of hot date make me want this game so much ! I ca n't wait till mid november ! I have and love playing the sims/living large/house party . And now I 'm eagerly waiting for this e-pack ! It will so rock ! The new downtown area is gon na be a blast , full of shopping , dating , dancing , and just plain hangin out ! I 've always loved trying to get my sims into each other and all , and now this creates a whole bunch of new ways of doing that ! I am so looking forward to this game ! Telling ya guys , you got ta get this when it comes out , I know I sure am ! Ya got ta have the orignal version , and if you do n't ... let me tell you it 's totally worth your money ! I know when this game hits stores , I 'll be there !!
 Oh man where to begin . When I Bought this Expansion 4 years ago , I had no Idea , Id sill be building restaurants and going to downtown as much as I did when I bought the game . The Music is terrific , with fast and slow jazz music to fit the romantic downtown feel of the game . All the Stores and Restaurants , and tons of Social options that boosted the social ladder in the Sims higher then they expected ! If you havent already bought this game , Its been 4 years !! Buy it already !
 The Sims games are sooooo great ! I ca n't wait to get this expansion pack ! I will buy every expansion they can come out with ! This is the only computer game that I ever play , the only problem is my daughter and niece and nephew love it too and thats all they want to do is play MY game , lol . THE SIMS GAMES ARE GREAT AND WELL WORTH THE MONEY !!!!!! BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!! : -RRB- Anyway I hope this review was helpful .
 I guarantee that The Sims Hot Date will be a hit ! I 've tried all of Will Wright 's -LRB- The creator of The Sims , Sim City , Simsville , Sim Coaster , Sim Theme Park -RRB- software and they were great . I 've ordered it already and so should you . You could take your sim 's child to school or take them to work . They cook , eat , sleep , have their hygine , work , education , engage , move-in & etc. . This game is great for people who need to find something interesting to do when they are bored . It brings hours of fun ! This game is not reccommended for children under 13 .
 if you dont have the sims buy it now ! also livin large and house party are brill . i just want to say that its only about 2 months until the release date im so excited and this will be the best Expansion pack yet
 When the first `` The Sims '' came out I went crazy for it . It was the best game I had ever bought . Then when the other two came out I bought them automaticly . Now I see this 3 one . I think I 'm obsessed about this game . Which is really bad because my mom keeps yelling at me to stop wasting money on it . I 'm really excited and ca n't wait until it comes out . This one sounds so cool . But Maxis please stop making them so I can have some money for other things ! I love you thuogh !
 I think this game is fun . But I think the kissing is disgusting . You learn alot . You can pick one or 2 people . I will pick one if i were you because you find people in town . you fill your house with romance . This game is good
 This is the best cmputer game ever ! Have romantic times with your sims and shopy times with them in the new world !
 It looks fantastic as I already purchase all of the sims games I am definetly going to get this one . Have you ever found it hard to make your sims fall in love well heres your anwser .
 This game look like so much fun that I cant wait till I get mine . With so many new features it makes me wonder `` what will the next one be like ? '' I enjoy playing the other Sims games and will probly enjoy this one even more !
 I ca n't wait for this game it 's driving me NUTS ! This game is going to be the Bomb man ! I will Enjoy it very very very Much ! Like others the first two were getting Boring . I ca n't wait until November !!
 Well . . I have to admit it sounds good ! How do all u guys know the exact things on the game ?? it isnt even out ? and how r these 12 year-olds so smart ???? SCARY !!
 this is the best game ever ! i have the game and all the expantion packs ! i love how in hot date you can go down town and interact with other sims and maybe have a drink or buy some new clothes ! there are alot of awsome new objects for down town and for your home . ufortunetly there are no cars to go down town you have to call a cab . but i love this game and sometimes i sit down and play for a while and i look back down at my watch and relize its been like 4 hours and it seems like 5 minutes !!!!!!!! if your going to buy anything on amazon buy this game !!!
 This game is good with all of its funny new objects and stuff The One probelm is that it IS N'T compatible with Microsoft ME . I have ME and the game crashes all the time .
 Hi ! I have had the sims for a little over a year . I also have all of the exspansion packs . I like this game a lot . The only thing I dont like about the sims hotdate is that you dont really get alot . Its like that with all of the Sims games , You soon get bored of what you have and you want more . And I paid almost twice as much for the Livin Large , House Party , and the Hot date than I did for the original Sims . But I have to admit , I cant even imagine not having the sims and all the fun I have with the expansion packs .
 I had never played the Sims before , but from friends I heard it was really funny . So while at a friends house , I got on with her and she showed me how to work it . I started out with a guy and a girl in a house . I had to get their relationship points up according to my friend . I figured that out the hard way . I put them in the hot tub and told them to kiss , but they just got in a fight and slapped eachother . You have to entertain them so I had the guy intertain the girl with pupets . It 's great.It 's really fun to take them shopping . There are things such as leapord underwear , very short outfits and nice outfits . I figured out some good cheat codes to get easy money , but I 'd rather keep them to myself for right now.The bad things are the fact that if there is a fire , sometimes they will jump into it so you have to be careful on that factor . They also drown if you have a pool so be careful on that one too.I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did . It 's a great game . Please try it .
 Just when I thought The Sims add-ons could n't get better , the great folks down at Electronic Arts come out with this gem ! I really liked this title . It adds a brand new dimension to The Sims . With this title , you can give your Sims characters a social life that goes beyond their traditional neighborhoods . This title gives you a brand new downtown area where your Sims can meet and play . The downtown neighborhood has stores , restaurants , and meeting places of all kinds . I love it !
 After 3 other expansions you 'd think that EA would be running out of ideas but it 's exactly the opposite . There 's more of everything in Hot Date and many new things too , including new sofas stoves paintings chairs sofas EVERYTHING . Also , all ofthe funiture etc. has been arranged in a new order which makes it much easier to find what your looking for . And of course who can forget the new down town area . Build a new lot -LRB- limitless money ! -RRB- down town and go to it or just go to an old one . Tons of new stuff to use down town ! Make a restuarant a store a park a club a bar well you get the picture then go have your sim -LRB- s -RRB- interact w / it which is a lot more exciting than you think . Last but definetly not least , all new interactions . From different hugs kisses insults whatever these new options make the talking part of the game much more interesting . And now you have an inventory , which is where things you buy down town are listed which you can give to someone else , amount of interset that a sim has in a topic , and a new day to day frienship bar are also plusses to the game . THIS IS A MUST BUY !
 I love it you can do everything go downtown go on dates you can buy roses for your sims date it 's ausume I LOVE IT go buy it ; s wourth your money if you hate it your pretty damn stupid !!!!!!!!
 ok , i did n't buy this game , but i played it on my cousin 's computer -LRB- which is about the same as mines -RRB- and it was slow . it 's a great game , but it makes your computer really slow . so , if you do n't want your computer to be slow , do n't buy it . but if you want some fun , then i advise you to buy it .
 Theres no need to go on a date yourself with this game it puts you in charge to do the things you do n't wont to . Even though the downloading is slow ... . the result is great . GET IT !!!!!
 i contacted EA Technical Support about seeing if Hot Date was compatible with XP , and they replied : Hello , Yes , Hot Date is Compatible with Windows XP . There is no patch nor will there be a patch for Windows XP as the game is fully compatible with Windows XP.i hope this helps some people . thanks for reading !! ; -RRB-
 Great game , I love all the sims expansion packs . though I think the deluxe game is a bit too much , promicing new objects and programs to new costumors , and forgetting its yearslong fans , MAXIS !! anyway , with the hot date expansion pack , you can let your simmies go downtown , buy formal , lingerie and swimming cloathes . ... Great buy ! I loved it
 I like this game a lot . However , I had to re-install my entire sim 's system to play . This made me really mad , since I have never downloaded anything for it . Downtown is cool , but the same sims are always there . I 'm kinda into the whole two relationship bar thing , but I think that you should be able to build up relationships at work and school , like you would automaticly be an aqantence of anyone in your career track , or at school.I 'm not going to list the same objects everyone else does , instead I 'm going to tell you that there are some really awesome new chairs and tables . Like of instance , there is this set called the Formi set . The table is like the Effecency table in House Party , but it is shiny . The chairs are really pretty , the wood is the same color as the table and the cucions are red and leather looking . Also , there are 3 coffee tables.I am a fan of Simlish , so no complaints there . The new music is really cool , jazzy , but the neighborhood music drives my whole family crazy.Overall , I like the game , but instaltion is a pain in the neck , and in keeps shuting down . Also , a little too hard to make friends . I think that Vaction will be better , but I have a stupid Mac so I ca n't get it yet .
 The Sims Hot Date Expansion Pack easily breathes new life into `` The Sims '' . The new interactions and objects are awesome , the downtown is amazing , but there 's always a price to pay for this much fun.The new set of interactions are amazing . The variety of hugs , kisses , and even insults make The Sims seem much more realistic . When Sims are in a bad mood , they will often nag their family members about the condition of the house or their friends . Perhaps the new interactions are a bit TOO realistic . :-RRB- Another new feature is the `` interests '' in which each Sim holds specific interests -LRB- which can easily be viewed with the new `` interests '' tab at the control panel -RRB- . Sims can broaden their tastes with magazines , which can be bought downtown.The new , innovative downtown area is both marvelous and maddening . The downtown areas that come with the game -LRB- a park , a beach , a mall , the list goes on -RRB- are beautifully made . The characters one encounters downtown are even more lively ... ranging from a chronic geek to a latin lover . Relationships are fairly easy to form with these colorful people , and going on dates with them is even better.However , the downtown area has many tragic flaws . After playing the game for a week , I noticed the hot dog stands simply quit working , as if an animation sequence was missing . I also noticed that the bartender at the bar would oftentimes `` forget '' about my drink order . Another obvious flaw was the balance of a sim 's internal clock . When a Sim is in the downtown area , only a half hour passes at their home . I often found myself returning home at nine in the morning completely exhausted and ready for bed . Maintaining a good sleep rhythm for your Sims is almost impossible with Hot Date.Many Sim gamers like to engage in `` voyeurism '' with their Sims . -LRB- Basically watching their computerized familiers `` fend '' for themselves and not taking any direct action -RRB- `` Voyeurs '' will be both delighted and horrified by the Hot Date expansion pack . Unlike before , the Sims will not hesitate to form expressive , steamy relationships with each other . In short , an unattended Sim can easily fall in love . In stark contrast , the downtown area allows NO autonomy ... the user has to control EVERYTHING a sim does there . Another new feature that will drive `` voyeurs '' insane is the new sleep feature . When Sims go to bed , they will NOT wake up unless the user wakes them up . In my own experiences , I 've had Sims literally HIBERNATE and wake up 24 hours later ... having to use the bathroom VERY badly , and on the verge of starvation . These extreme physical conditions put Sims in very bad moods ; they tend to wake up and nag their loved ones to the point of ending a relationship . One has to be careful , and be sure to wake their Sims up or suffer the consequences.Besides its many flaws , The Sims Hot Date is an amazing experience for you and your Sims . I highly recommend buying it , and meeting some new people downtown for an amazing evening . -LRB- Just do n't forget to wake them up . -RRB-
 Hot Date was definitely one of the most exciting games I 've ever played , but the hard part is pleasing your date . The women especially , the hardest to please . Take a hint , when you ask them downtown , make sure to buy them a diamond ring and some red roses first . That boosts your romance scale 23 to 25 points . I jumped for joy at this game , and was very pleased . If you like soap operas , and romance novels hot date will definitely tickle your fancy . Have fun !
 Now its time for your Sim to live on the `` love '' side.Now you 're cupid and you must help your sim get the guy or girl.This game is very interesting and tons of fun.Now you have new objects for your house and new pj 's ! THANK GOD!This game will keep you smiling and laughing for a good coule of years.WORTH THE MONEY!KIDS WILL LOVE !
 In the original Sims , getting married was as simple as talking a long time , complimenting , and then making sure they were comfortable and well-fed . Now my sims can not convince another to marry them . It 's so annoying ! I am taking hot date off my computer to see if I can remember how easy it used to be . It 's fun but so hard and complex . It depends on how much time you have to play with this game -LRB- averages between 4 and 24 hours for me , just kidding , but it is addictive -RRB- .
 I absolutely adore the sims . I obviously have n't played this game yet but I really am looking foward to getting it in November -LRB- I ordered the official guide too , lol -RRB- . Like the other reviewers have said , it offers you many new and diverse settings , and as creative as I have tried to be with my sims/livinlarge/house party , there is only so much that you can do -RRB- . I 've tried making restaurants within houses but it just does n't work , lol . toodaloo ;--RRB- deb
 When I found out there was going to be a new expansion pack in July I was so excited . I did n't know what was going to be in it , but I could n't wait to find out . I was hoping there would be teenagers with romances . After a month and a half of waiting I finally found out . I could n't believe my eyes , even though there was n't teenagers there was someplace to go . And that was the other thing I was hoping the new expansion pack would have . I was planning on just a dance club , but with that , restaurants , beaches , bars , parks , and more it was to good to be true . Then I wondered , well the date would be so short because of the time issue , but when I found out time stopped while on the date , that made it perfect . When House Party came out I thought they ca n't top this , but with this , I guess they did . This will definetely be the best expansion pack . If they make another one in the future , I do n't know how they will top it , but hopefully it will have teenagers .
 This Sims expansion adds the dating element , which is fun . Also added several decor items . I love it , you will too .
 This is a great super-cool expansion for The Sims . More real , more interactions , you can go downtown , take a taxi , meet other people -LRB- not online , they 're robots -RRB- and take your neighbor 's downtown and date and it 's really fun , this is a good expansion , you should get it like , today ! if you MUST , discuss the price , forget it , this is n't for you ...
 I 've had The Sims
 hot date was a good expansion pack . interactions that used to be so simple , lick `` kiss '' turn into sub-options , like suave , peck , polite , passoinite ... etc.you can modify downtown lots for free , but once your downtown EVERYTHING costs money . there are also new `` talk intrests '' like movies , sports ... etc. and an inventory . all-in-all i dedent game , i do n't regret buying it
 Requires `` The Sims '' to play . The ultimate virtual architect playground , living doll-house , decorator 's dream , and control freak 's paradise ! Love this game expansion , better to own than the previous one , `` House Party '' . This one allows the Sims to leave their neighborhood , just like in `` Vacation '' . Great diversion ! Happy Simming !
 Ok , so we all know that The Sims are commended worldwide . We all know that it well deserves 5 stars . But the expansion packs , the expansion packs ... . they are too well-commended . Sure , this one is one to die for , and I almost did -LRB- not literally though ~ ~ -RRB- . But , it 's not worth it , believe me . So , let 's look at the pros first : * Hot Date has a fully customizable downtown area ** The new objects are pretty cool to use ** The characters are pretty new and they have new `` date '' cloth themes * So , let 's look at the cons : * The downtown area is pretty hard to customize because there 's always SoMeThInG wrong with the kitchens , the layout of the objects ... etc. . So , if you catch my drift , it gets pretty frustrating or boring OR maybe both ~ ~ ** Granted , the objects are neat , but once you 've mastered HD -LRB- Hot Date -RRB- they get pretty boring ~ as does the rest of the game ... ** Sure , the characters have a pretty cute clothing line , but what about the new CaSuAl line ? I guess when they say Hot Date ... they mean Hot Date . *
 You can see all the other reviews to get the details/specs of the game . I just want to tell you how much fun this game is !!! And when you build your relationships to the point where your Sims will mug-down -LRB- while on a date -RRB- in a restaurant , it is worth all the hours of time you will put into it . It is hilarious ! But not as funny as seeing them roll around on the picnic blanket . Of course it is not obscene , they even blur out visits to the can , but it sure is funny to see your characters in action . The first time you get slapped -LRB- after getting too fresh with your date -RRB- is pretty good too . Get it ! It is fun and if you have time to kill -LRB- or even if you do n't like me and just stay up an hour later -RRB- , this is the game for you !!!!
 i 'm actually in france so i had to wait 2 to 3 month before buying it.Then i understood what was all the fuss about.All the object menue is organised with new items -LRB- cookies , birthday cake , jacuzzi with the form of a heart , sofa ... -RRB- and the most ecxiting is that you can go in town -LRB- even if all the shops and restaurent are a bit similar -RRB- before when you wanted to do a romantic dinner it was impossible you were always obliged to take care of the others before they come and reck your dinner weing on the floor or falling asleep.All the problemes are solved you can now go at the restaurent and you can buy presents for your boy/girlfriend , -LRB- rings , flowers , magasine , clothes , chocolates , ... -RRB- A last word to say that that hot date sim disc will boost your daily life !!!!!!
 Hot Date is so awesome ! I love all the new objects and that you can go downtown . I just wish you could get some downtown objects at home , and vice versa . There are a lot different `` social interactions '' . So get it .
 This is an amazing expansion pack , but is not worth what it costs . I own all the expansion packs and the original game -LRB- obviously -RRB- and have spent enough to purchase something of a much higher value , such as a very nice MP3 player , a DVD player or a digital camera . If it 's worth it to you , it 's an excellent buy .
 I 've read reviews from some people that say this game does not work on Windows XP . Well , I have Windows XP and it works perfectly on mine . Maybe it 's their computers that are n't working . I happen to love this game and `` Hot Date '' just adds to the fun . It can get boring if you play it all day every day . But if you remember you have a life outside the game and only play it an hour or so every few days you 'll find that it never gets boring . There are a few things that should have been fixed though . The sims get tired way too fast . You no sooner get them out of bed , go to the bathroom , clean up and eat then you have to put them back to bed because they 're sleepy again . You barely have enough time to go downtown . Also , sims often get stuck in doorways if one is trying to enter and one is trying to exit at the same time . They 'll just stand there all day long if you do n't manually get one out of the way . Other than that I think this game is loads of fun . The extra options the sims can do , like cuddle , is really cool . I look forward to more expansion packs and also The Sims for PS2 .
 This is the best one ever even better then The Vacation one It takes the game to a whole new level !!
 I had a lot of fun using `` hot date '' w / my sims , and the range of new items was pretty good . However , unlike house party and livin large , there were not many options to explore . Much like the sim 's vacation , which I just got , once you go to the new areas , maybe redecorate your sim 's house , there is n't much to do . Livin large gave new job possibilities , the genie -LRB- which none of us use , come to think of it -RRB- and the grim reaper . House Party gave us the option of turning our houses upside down with PARTYS and the option of seeing Drew Carey `` Simulized '' . But hey , I 'm not saying it 's is n't worth it , I 'm just saying buying your sim 's pjs and flowers does n't give a lot of gameplay options .
 FINALLY ! All of us simmers have been waiting for the chance to play with a family AWAY from the home ! The houses are great , but sometimes a Sim needs a change of scenery :-RRB- That 's where the downtown comes in . You can change the stores , decide what should be sold , and basically do whatever you want ! My only wish would be that it would give more empty lots for development . Other than that , it 's great !
 It 's really cool , you can get shops and everything on it : o -RRB-
 I love it you can do everything go downtown go on dates you can buy roses for your sims date it 's ausume I LOVE IT go buy it ; s wourth your money ...
 I got this game for Christmas and it is the best one yet ! I have so much fun sending my sims downtown . I play this for hours and hours ! Its so much fun ! I reccomend this game to all the sim fans out there !
 I gurentee this game is gon na be a winner . I 'm hoping to get a copy from my older brother since he 's a computer freak and he ca get one early . But all of the sims games are so addictive . One thing this game may have which may be inappropriate for younger children is that there may be well ... sex . I heard the exspansion livin ' large had that and well this one is all about love . I ca n't wait till this game is out , I bet it 's gon na rock !
 oh my god , i SOOO have to buy this pack ! Like , the sims can actually go resturants , and parks and stuff ! they 'll have more ` naughty ' interactions , which is really amazing ! i 've only just found out about this pack , and really want to get , so November , draw on , draw on , DRAW ON already !!!!!
 This expansion is a must have if you own the sims . Unlike the other expansion packs that add objects or features , this expantion is adding a new neighborhood of shops and restrants . With this expansion pak Maxis is adding a place outside of the house to have a date . You can now order meals from a waitress , meals that dont look like chicken and string peas . Maxis has added 13 more people to their staff to work exclusively on this expansion , something that they did not do for the other expansion packs . Expect something diffrent then anything you have ever seen before . This is a must by item .
 Hot Date . The name gives it away . Does having a girl over sound hot ? No . You need to go out to eat or just get away from the house . I made a single dad with three kids , had a girl over and the kids came in every five minutes . This new expansion will be a great enhancement . And if you really want to have fun , you can flirt with the waitress while on a date . Maxis wanted this to be big , and it is ...
 THIS GAME SOUNDS SO COOL ! I love the Sims and have always wondered why there is no town or why they just get married without really dating . This expansion pack sounds like it answers ALL of my questions and it sounds so much fun to experiment with different types of romantic ... challenges . Picnics , and bars , and romantic restaraunts ... what sim could want more ? And you get to build the downtown part of Simcity yourself ! So ... I really hope this was ... somewhat helpful and i ca n't wait for this game to come out ; can you ?
 This is A good game overall , I have had it for a little while and I am not just writing this review the night I got it . I would recommend this game , It is good the items are cools the interactions are cool . But here are some disadvantages .1 . You need to have enough memory for this game for it to run at all .2 . You need to have a fast enough , and enough disk space for this game to go faster , then a turtle with all of it 's legs broken .3 . People in the down town area can often times get stuck , and is pretty frusterating since you ca n't move them.But Maxis did exellent apart from those problems -LRB- other then problem 3 , arent really their fault -RRB-
 Hot date is sure to keep you looking for more !!!! There is the cuddle couch a love bath and an entire downtown area ! If your sims have any social skills this is the game for them ! Make your sim a party animal , and have fun with the blond bomshell or the jock , at the beach the resturant , store and countless other places !! There are many more interactions between people and the handshake is a major plus ! You can primp yourself and show off !! Go out on a date or just roam around town -- it is up to you ! Hot Date is more than anyone could have ever expected from the masterminds at maxis !
 I have always wanted an add-on for The Sims Deluxe!Well I 've got one now and here 's my thoughts ... this adds lots of romance wich is good!Also now your sims can call a cab and go downtown the newly built place near the tiny neighborhood in the countryside . EVERYTHING added is super fun!The problem?Too many program bugs . I tried the patch but it was already with my copy.THAT 'S why it gets 4 ! Pros : New interactions!New area!New items!More challenging game play!Cons : Too many bugs.Also kids are left out.Buy unless you ca n't create adult sims , ca n't stomach kissing , do n't have The Sims or Deluxe , or ca n't stand bugs , or do n't have lots of RAM and processing .
 Getting Hot Date was like walking into a warm room on a rainy day!I was overwhelmed with all of the new items!Hot Date gives you a lot of new furniture and new plants too!In Hot Date , you can go downtown and let your Sims shop go to the beach or eat at an elegant restaurant.The selction of items outdoors are wonderful.I found that it is a lot harder to have sims in different homes fall in love!You also need to be careful with how you approach Sims.They are much easier to offend . Thanx for your time , and happy hunting !
 The Sims : Hot Date is definitely a must have . It adds literally TONS of new options to the game . New items , new social actions . I love the way they can cuddle on the couch . It 's so cute . And if their date blossoms into love , and marriage . And if they 're to have children , would you believe they can now tuck in their kids ! This is a rare thing and my sims have only done that twice . But it is interesting to watch . I hope that you buy , and enjoy , this great e-pack . If you have to buy one for the sims , let it be this one !
 I first read about this expansion pack about 3 months ago , I figured that it would be a flop like the other 2 were , but when I got Hot Date for Christmas and began to play it , I was incredibly suprised . Mostly , I enjoy being able to let the Sims go out into the `` world '' and enjoy the great outdoors . And another thing that was incredibly funny , was how perfect the new actions seemed to imitate actual human behavior . Cuddling is the most entertaining thing on this game , a cute giggle and a yawn with a strecting arm . Of course though , there still is that great sense of jealousy , which I love , so of course , there are still a couple of slaps going around . I think that this game is wonderful , if you have The Sims , you have got to get Hot Date . It is incredibly entertaining !
 Finally our Sims can leave the house ! They are still confined to one lot though even downtown and you can only control one Sim at a time while they are downtown . The roommates will be there but you will not be able to do anything with them . I have also had problems getting the downtown area to run at double and triple speeds on my computer , it will only run at normal speed . It is a great expansion though and a must for Sims fans . While few of the new items can be added to your home , you do get to build great new shopping centers , clubs and restaurants in the downtown area -LRB- which is already almost completely full when you buy it , you have to delete shops to make your own in Neighbourhood 1 -RRB- . New elements have also been added to relationships . You Sims can now gain interest in various subjects so as to become more compatible with other Sims . They also have a lifelong friendship meter and a daily friendship meter so your relationships are not so fickle anymore . This does seem to make love relationships harder to form though as both lifelong and daily meters come into play . It is certainly a challenge for dedicated Sim players.All in all I am enjoying it and it is great for racking up those friends necessary for your promotions .
 Wow . Finally , a downtown . And boy , is it huge . I 'll let you in on a little secret that Maxis forgot to mention - even with my computer -LRB- 256 MB Ram , Penitum II , brand new Radeon 3D accelerator -RRB- the downtown sticks a little bit . Sure , it 's bearable and most people wo n't care , but it is a bit irritating . Oh well , there ai n't no perfect game.One more minor complaint -LRB- if that 's what you 'd like to call it -RRB- is that this expansion pack is smarter when it comes to making friends . Complimenting a person over and over will not make them your friend . The computer now can figure out that you 're a fake when you do this . You have to mix it up , and it is much easier -LRB- and much more tempting I may add -RRB- to go too far too early . It takes time to make a friend . So , in that respect , the game makes it a bit harder . Now , out with the positive.I loved being able to go downtown . If the carpool is there waiting for you to go to work , you can hop in a cab and be back several hours later - but the carpool is still there and the clock resets to the time you 've left . Your energy meter goes down while you 're gone , of course . However , it goes down a bit more slowly than it would if you were home . The social , fun , comfort , and room ratings go way up briefly when you first arrive downtown , but then go back down when you get home.Now here 's a feature I know you 're gon na love if you have The Sims . Say you 've got John and Harley , each living in a different house . You can go into Harley 's game and go downtown , and you can see John downtown as well -LRB- even though you are not in his game -RRB- . So John gets the same social benefit as Harley does , even if it is n't his game . Cool , huh?Overall , the game is a great buy . It adds more gameplay rather than just a bunch of objects that you can download from other fan sites . The game is a MUST buy for any Sims owners . This is the one to get , if you can get just one . Second would be Livin ' Large , and last , the party-pooper House Party . Happy dating !
 The latest Sims expansion pack provides new -LRB- much-needed -RRB- variety in everyday social interactions . This feature makes gameplay more interesting , but it does seem to complicate making friends somewhat -LRB- your Sims are now touchier than they were before -RRB- . The other major new feature , of course , is the downtown area , where your Sims can eat fancy -LRB- expensive -RRB- restaurant meals , shop for formalwear , swimsuits , and pjs , and buy gifts for other Sims , all of this for a pretty heavy price . However , this area is a great addition to The Sims , as you can finally get them out of the house and let them meet a variety of new potential friends -LRB- ie , career-boosters -RRB- . I 've had trouble , though , making friends downtown or getting any really exciting interactions going there ; it seems I always end up just meeting people there and then getting to know them at home . Maxis ' predesigned downtown areas are nice-looking , but my recommendation is that you design at least one lot on your own -LRB- no charges for building downtown ! -RRB- and incorporate everything there -- all kinds of shopping , all kinds of dining , someplace where they can have a lot of fun quickly.The new pack is definitely worth your money , mainly for the new variety it provides . The 125 + new objects are mainly available downtown , so do n't expect a lot of new design opportunities at home . A few warnings
 Maxis has done it again ! The Sims Hot Date is great . I have Windows ME , but so far , I have n't had any problems . This expansion pack offers many more objects and organizes it well . There are the same interactions , but different levels of intensity , such as `` Kiss polite '' or `` Kiss fiery '' . The ability to go downtown adds to the fun . True , it is hard to get a date and keep it , but that 's a part of the challenge . I encourage people to buy it if they 're Sims fans .
 I simply have not stopped playing since I installed Hot Date . It is hilarious , with the weird new social interaction moves , and the downtown area.I have n't had any problems with it , except that it moves somewhat slowly when you go downtown , but that may just be my own computer.Either way , the game is terrific and I 'll hang on to it for a while .
 If you loved The Sims before , you have another thing coming . The Sims addict will simply adore this new expansion pack . More commands , more items , and the addition of a downtown area will undoubtedly suck you in like it did the first time you ever played . You 'll have to work quite a bit to really go on a `` Hot Date '' , but that 's where half the fun is , right ? If your current installation is already choppy , however , you might want to restrain yourself . All those additional commands , items , and areas will suck up more RAM and processor time . The choppiness only gets worse . On a Celeron 466MHz with 384MB of RAM and a Voodoo 3 video card in Windows 2000 , it is playable but a little irritating . Areas take longer to load which also gets frustrating . If your system can handle it , this expansion will make a lovely addition to an already splendid game .
 We enjoyed playing this game very much . So much fun just to go downtown . The dating stuff is n't that interesting , but we REALLY enjoyed going downtown . The new clothes and faces are awesome , too .
 This Sims expansion involves letting your sims go out to the downtown area on dates with other sims . While fun and exciting for your sims at first , you begin to realize how going out in public can be very perilous for them.I 've invested a lot of time in a sim I 'd like to call Fred . Fred is a simple defense contractor who has a penchant for hawiian shirts . He has a nice house , but no female to keep him occupied , so here comes Sims Hot Date ... oh good fortune ! I sent Fred out in his best duds to the nearest bar downtown . At first , I did n't see any women that I 'd think would interest Fred -LRB- he likes women that do n't look like they were wacked in the face with the ugly brick -RRB- . I just instructed him to drink liberally in the hopes that he would get his confidence up when the babes arrived . Well after drinking a 24-pack and returning from a bathroom break , the bar was filled with bodacious babes from corner to corner , although they were ironically wearing the same exact clothes as the women before . Fred struck up a conversation with one of the ladies and she was very interested in going back to his place , bingo!The events that happened next are kind of a blur , but I 'll summarize . Fred was car jacked by some urban thugs and mugged . Then while walking his new girl to her place , he had to go to a restroom so badly he that he resorted to peeing himself . Once at her place he seems to have blacked out , but when I saw him next , he was lying naked next to a 280 lb . woman with a mustache . Since then , I ca n't seem to get Fred to go out on another hot date , I think he 's just overreacting .
 The sims hot date is great ... I was disappointed at first -LRB- i could n't get anybody to go downtown -RRB- but i figured out your charaacter has to be in almost perfect mood.Good parts1 . New skins and items2 . Of course downtown and dating3 . The new social interactionsBut that is about all thats new , and all I need to be new. , ... BAD PART1 . Even with an excellent VERY fast computer Hot date still runs a little slow .2 . Its hard to go downtown with somebody , you have to be in a perfect mood3 . I do n't think maxis got all of the problems out , people have complained of crashing4.It takes forever to load the game , like 10 min.I love the sims and i play them continuously , but i think they could 've made it a little better . I hope this review helps in making your decision . Only get it if you can have patience with the drawbacks of the game.I 'll tell you this , I 'm glad I got it , but HOT DATE is not perfect .
 I 've been slightly obsessed with playing The Sims since the day I first got the game . This was n't too long ago but I was enjoying the interactions and wanted a bit more . Lo and behold , I got Hot Date . I have to say , I 've been having oodles of fun designing the downtown area and taking my Sims places where they -LRB- literally -RRB- had never been before.I greatly enjoyed all the new objects -LRB- ceiling lighting ... finally ! -RRB- and architectural styles and definitely enjoy watching my Sims cuddle , blow kisses , flex muscles , you name it ! Also , being able to invite the Townies over is great and all these things expand the game so much which only makes it better.So I was there , feeling like quite the architect AND matchmaker when a few problems starting coming up such as Sims that would never get into the cab to go downtown , the cuddlers who just got stuck ... I have to add that I installed the patch offered on the official website to fix both of these problems but sadly , it did n't have the desired effect so some Sims are just not able to EVER get downtown when they call the cab and some others just well ... cuddle too much , let 's say.So , despite all this , I still have enough resources to garner A LOT of quite fun gameplay but still , I wish it were perfect , just as it was intended to be * sigh * Still , it is way too much fun for me not to recommend it due to a few problems . Get it , you 'll really enjoy it .
 I have alwaysed been one of the first people in line to get one of the new sim expantion packs always 29.99 but now I look at house party and livin large and i am really mad . This game adds so much more to the sims that the other expantions did n't that i think I got ripped of on the first two . Hot date is a realy fun game and I recomend it for everybody who love the sims . The new downtown is really fun . -LRB- as long as you are realy in a good mood -RRB- however tdowntown is lacking speed . It would be really good for you to go to a resturant with all your motives really high exept hunger because it takes about 4-6 sim hours to get a table and order and eat -LRB- depending on what you order -RRB- . The game is realy still fun with one more exeption . If you thought it was easy in the first game to get a friend or a lover by talking huging and then kissing WOW are you in troble . The new game makes it almost imposible to get somebody to fall in love with you the first time you see them -LRB- you could very easyly do that in the frist games . One of the hardest things to do is to talk . yup in the first game you could almost always bring up the relations ship -LRB- slowly -RRB- but now there are intrests to talk about and if your date likes something you hate you best change the subject.But i am talking about most of the negitive things are n't I. I think this game has many more ups than downs and if my first part of my review sway you not to buy this game then read this . the downtown is not as bad as I made it seem . I suggest that you have the first two expantion packs to play this game and make it more exciting . I STRONGLY suggest at lest house party or it will be very hard to bring up you fun motive . I made a danceing place so when my sims are board they can dance . And even though it takes a loooong time to do things like eat in the downtown time does not change when you come back home -LRB- you do have a clock that tells you the time but you ca n't speed up downtown it always goes the same regular speed -RRB- and when you get back home you motives will be the same as when you left down town but the time will be that same from when you left your house . Confused yet ? Well I would be . My finnal virtictIf you liked house party and livin ' large you will love this game if you are inpatient then this game may not be for you -LRB- and if you all ready have this game think the stupid taxi with a red screen behind it -RRB- But mostly I would have to say buy this game with all the new stuff here you will really want it when maxis releses the final expantion pack The Sims Online
 I found out about this EP like a month ago and just a few days ago got the main info about it . Here is some stuff I found out after reading almost every review I could find -LRB- and i bet almost everybody else knows about this stuff too . -RRB- It has : A new downtown area -LRB- that you can build yourself or play in the already made up one -RRB- , that has reasturands like
 I love playing the Sims . This is such an addictive and awesome game and this expansion is one of the essential ones that you have to have if you own the sims.If you 've played the Sims then you know how tough dating can be in the game . It 's not the easiest to get someone to fall in love with you and Hot Date excels in that area . There are a ton of new options that you can do with your sims.Before you could just kiss your sim . Now you can decide how you what kind of kiss you want that to be . There is the new downtown area that offers a ton of new options to the game and new stores . There are new items like chairs , hot tubs , counters , and tons of other stuff . There are some new clothes and you can do things like buy your date lingerie . You can go to Downtown and meet new people that you do n't have to create like a jock or a blonde bombshell . It just adds to a fun and new experience to the game.If you have the Sims and do n't have this expansion pack then you are missing out . This was is a must so go get it so you can enjoy the Sims a lot more .
 Sims are absolutely ace , i do n't know anyone who hates this game.The sims games are very similar in each , except each game has a different variety of things to choose from . This game allows you to go downtown and party . Build your own house , or delete the already built one and alter it round abit on a spare bit of land . Or buy one . Also you can decorate your home a bigger house start off from a scratch island use the cheat and buil how big you want it . Decorate the house with the new stuff that is there that is not on sims vacation , house party etc. . Use red chairs like the downtown ones and make your house fancy . You can also create a family as big as you want it to be . Make babies -LSB- not rude -RSB- . It is fun to play all the time . Each game as different varieties of things not extras as such different furnishings . You can also click on a spot to where you want your sims to go .1 . Create a family .2 . Move them into an empty slot or buy a house .3 . Buy stuff for your house make it more decorative .4 . Search around your new house and check out your new decorations .5 . Continue doing things with your family , or go downtown on the options menu .6 . Enjoy the excellent game .
 The Sims Hotdate is a great game for any fan of the Sims . I suggest getting the expansion packs in order because if you do n't you can have problems loading explansion packs later on and you may end up losing everything.The Sims Hotdate can be a lot of fun , but beware if you have a slow computer the people inch along and everything takes forever . Getting to the cool new places to shop and eat can take up to twenty minutes if you have a slow enough computer . If your impatient you just are n't going to want to play and you will have wasted your money.If you have a fast computer or are really patient however this game is a blast . This new downtown area is a great place to meet new sims and buy new outfits . Going to the new shops is a great way to expand your wardrobe . Along with the downtown area there are also many people to be , building options , clothing , and things to put in your house . There really is a lot of new stuff and if you have started getting bored with the same old options all the time , The Sims Hotdate is a great way to make it seem new again.I strongly suggest this expansion pack to any Sims fan with a fast or moderatly fast computer .
 I 've had the game since the day it came out . Where to start ? First , the basics . The box says there are over 125 new items . There are new floors , windows , wallpapers , doors , trees , lights , tables and counters . There 's even a lighted ceiling fan.When Sims are ready to go downtown , they simply call a cab . They can invite other Sims with them or just look for their friends once downtown.The Sims really seem to enjoy the new fish pond . They can buy fish food to feed the fish or rent sailboats to play with in the water . There 's a rental shack where you get these items and it also has a picnic basket you can get.When your Sims get a picnic basket , they spread out a blanket and then lay on it , eating and talking . If the date 's going well , he might just go for a romantic kiss and then again , his date might completely reject him!Each one of your neighborhoods has its own downtown area . When you go to the beach , you actually hear waves crashing ! They ca n't swim in the water but , of course , you can always put a swimming pool on the beach . There are even changing rooms where your Sims can change into their swimsuits.Another great feature of Hot Date is the `` Townies . '' When you 're downtown , you see all sorts of Sims , not only the ones from your neighborhood . You can talk to them and make friends . If all goes well , you can ask them to `` Hang Out '' with you and they 'll follow you around doing what you do.Let 's talk food . There are all sorts of places your Sims can eat . There 's an ice cream counter , hot dog stand , a place to get hamburgers , hot dogs and pizza , a diner and also a really fancy restaurant . You can create the restaurants yourself too or you can use the downtown buildings that come with the game.There 's a new grill for the park areas so your Sims can cookout . There 's a new stove and when you place it downtown , you automatically hire a chef for your restaurant . When you put a dishwasher in the restaurant , you automatically get busboys that clean off the tables.You can also put cash registers in the stores and restaurants . This automatically hires store clerks , hostesses and waiters/waitresses . Another great thing about this game is that the people change . For example , you can go to a diner once and you 'll have a male waiter taking orders . You can go again and it will be a woman . It 's as if they have shift changes just like in the real world.It 's fun to watch the hostess seat your Sims and hand them menus . Your Sims will read the menus and talk about what they want to order . Then the waiter will come , take their order and take the menus.They can also go to the bar and order drinks . You can have your Sim sit at a table and call the `` barmaid '' over.Sims can shop for clothes , jewelry , candy , flowers and magazines . When they shop for clothes , they can buy outfits for themselves or for the Sims their with . One of my Sims bought a new pair of pajamas and now that 's what she wears when she goes to sleep instead of the default pajamas . Everyone else in the house is still wearing default pj 's because they have n't been shopping yet . Nice feature!Also , you can put changing rooms in the clothing boutiques so they can try on outfits , swimsuits and pajamas . They 'll go in the changing room and come out with the other clothes on . Then they 'll prance up to the mirror and check themself out.Sims now have an `` inventory '' that allows you to buy things like teddy bears , The Sims game , lollipops , chocolates , a yellow rose , a bouquet of red roses and even jewelry . One of my Sims bought his date a bouquet of red roses . The date was going well so when he gave the roses to her , she threw them on the ground and stomped on them!In Hot Date , they also have new personality traits . Your Sims can now talk movies , parties , fitness , fashion and more with each other.If there 's a topic they do n't know too much about , they can buy a magazine at the magazine stand . They 'll take it home and read about it there . There are about six different types of magazines , I believe . The magazines have funny titles like MAXSIMUM and WhooNoo.You can place speakers anywhere downtown and your Sims can listen to jazz-like music while they shop . And most everything you do downtown costs money . For instance , playing pool costs money . Turning on the jukebox costs money . Even the bubble blowing machine costs money.Sims can also interact with over 40 new actions . They can cuddle , play footsie , kiss , make out , embrace , insult each other by shaking their fists , gossip , admire , entertain with puppets , nag about the house or their friends.One of my favorites is the hug feature . Sims can now hug friendly , romantic , intimate or even leap into each other 's arms . And they 're all so funny to watch.They can even kiss suave , peck on the cheek , fiery and more . And if your Sim is feeling frisky , he/she can `` check out '' another Sim or `` growl '' at them.Another funny interaction is `` Brag . '' Sims can flex their muscles . They can also primp . One of my female Sims primped by pulling out a compact and checking herself out in the mirror.When your Sims are back at home , they now have four new beds -LRB- all singles -RRB- . Really nice . And there 's also the Niagara Love Tub that allows two Sims in at once . They can wash each other , play and embrace . It 's really funny to hear them `` playing '' under the water.I 've gone into a lot of detail here but it 's still not enough . There 's just way too much to discover . Happy Simming !
 I got the opportunity to see the game first hand before it was released . What can I say but much better than before . Finally , the Sims are able to break out of just hanging out at home and actually act out.Whereas the first two expansion packs were fun , the problem was the characters never really changed . This time , the characters developing more detailed personalities and having a place to go try them out is the gem of the new expansion pack.Your new sims can flirt or play footsie or show off their muscles while hanging out downtown . Another new feature ! you can help create a downtown for your sims to hang out at such as the restaurants , boutiques or clubs and shops . Also , there are plenty of new characters to interact with , such as the Femme Fatal or the lonely guitar player -- quite a bit of fun to see new people ! Also , there 's an old lady that will beat you with her purse if you get too close to her hubby . LOL ! There 's no interaction with cars , unfortunately . Nope , Sims do n't own their own cars -- but a taxi will help them downtown instead . There 's also new wallpapers , doors and windows as well as furniture and a heart shaped tub for your new couple . : -RRB- There 's more to hot date than meets the eye . Now , you have to get your sim to date and talking is n't the only thing to keep another sim interested in your sim . If they 're hungry you should feed them or if they 're bored you should direct them to a club to hang out and dance -- otherwise , one of them could walk out on the other sim . But no matter -- your sim could look into picking up another date while downtown . Still , if your sims stay interested in each other , a make-out session could ensue very easily.Buying new things is n't limited anymore either . When I mentioned the boutique , that is n't the only thing they can buy . Gifts for your date , such as teddy bears or roses is an option -- but let 's say that your Sim buys some lingerie . No more ugly pajamas to bed ! Other things you can buy include the entertainment , such as racing boats , feeding the fish or having a picnic . The more you buy for your Sim 's date , the more they end up liking your Sim.The character differences are what really adds to the game . You have options on how to greet your sims , from handshakes to air kisses to hugs and real kisses . They also react differently as well as having a new skill bar to work on . The relationship bar is now more of a meter to see how the relationship between your sims is working . You can build these new skills by buying magazines to increase your sims relationships skills.Easily the BEST expansion pack so far . A serious MUST have .
 Hot Date provides Sim fans with things that other expansion packs have failed to do before - more interactions and an opportunity to leave your house ! That in itself is worth to 30 Simoleans that the expansion pack costs . The downtown area is a lot of fun to look at and interact with - there are many interesting characters to interact with and your neighbors show up there too.Lots of great new items - my particular favorites are the Cuddle Couch -LRB- where I have discovered new interactions such as `` caress , '' and `` embrace '' -RRB- and the Heart-Shaped Hot Tub -LRB- where you can `` wash , '' `` cuddle , '' and `` kiss '' your date -RRB- . There are some new decorative elements as well , although not as expansive as Living Large or House Party.The best part of this game , however , was the new interactions . You can ask particular questions now , including if the Sim wants to come home with you . There are too many new ones to list , but here 's a few
 The Hot Date expansion pack adds a whole new dimension to The Sims . What with working all day and constantly fighting off hunger and fatigue , our sims just do n't have a lot of time for romance and fun . Would n't it be great if you could simply stop time while you work on building your sims ' social lives ? Well , now you can do just that . Oh , time passes for your sim while he/she is out painting the town red in the new Downtown area , but you arrive back home just after you left , giving you a much-needed chance to rest and recover from your daring exploits in town -LRB- not to mention entertain any date that actually agrees to come home with you -RRB- . The new Downtown area is great . Now your sims can go out dancing , hit the bars , dine out in fancy restaurants or just grab a hot dog and ice cream cone , shop for new clothes , buy gifts for one another , etc. . If you want to buy a new outfit for your sim sweetie , you can have her try it on and model it for you before deciding to fork over the simulated dough . As for dating , you can simply dismiss your date if things go badly -LRB- or a more attractive prospect happens along -RRB- . When things are really clicking , though , you can lay a number of different lip-locks on your lucky date , including the aptly named passionate kiss , play footsie underneath the table , and/or cuddle up and neck -LRB- right there in public , mind you -RRB- . Even a seemingly casual encounter can become exciting when a sim quite taken with you suddenly jumps up into your arms . These sims are not easy by any means , however-convincing a date to come home with you requires skill and a little bit of luck.One really great thing about Hot Date is the fact that it greatly expands your world of potential friends . Once you meet a new character downtown , you can call that individual up from home to invite him/her over , ask him/her out on a date , or just talk . This makes it much easier for you to win enough friends to qualify for that big promotion you 've been after at work.Hot Date is really great , but there are a couple of minor drawbacks to it . There is one bug in particular that continues to plague me . In a busy restaurant with tables placed close together , one of the NPCs can get in the way of your date , making him/her essentially freeze in place while you are stranded at the table all alone . At the best of such times , you can cancel the dining transaction , get your date moving again , and make a second attempt at ordering a meal ; there have been times , however , when my sim became stuck in the Downtown area , unable to even return home , and I had to shut down the program manually or reboot . More importantly , though , Hot Date is pretty hard on the old processor . You can play the game on a PC running the minimum system requirements , but your game will be agonizingly slow at times and will continue to run slower and slower until such time as you exit , reboot , and restart the program . Overall , though , this expansion pack is by far the best of the bunch and makes possible a brand new kind of experience sure to delight all fans of The Sims .
 Another expansion pack to the highly loved game The Sims . The Hot Date version is probabaly one of the best , focusing on a point of high interest in most people-Romance , not to mention kinky foreplay ; -RRB- With this new expansion pack , gamers not only control and run the home lives of their sims , but also their social lives . What could be more fun !? Visit Downtown , a new world in which sims can explore all sorts of stores , from formal wear and lingerie to chocolates and video games . Introduce your sims to tons of `` townies , '' new sims , especially created for dating.Pros :1 . Expanded social options , including asking questions , such as `` How is work ? '' -LRB- `` Leap into arms , '' `` play footsie , '' `` check out '' -RRB- 2.125 + new items including coffee tables and romantic hot tubs .3 . Downtown neighborhood is full of colorful characters , hotdog stands and snazzy restaurants .4 . Tons of new heads and skins -LRB- femme fatale , blonde bombshell , dream boat -RRB- Cons
 This expansion has more objects , more interactions , more sims , more everything ! Build a Downtown area for your sims to explore alone , or with a friend . You can use several new objects and characters in each downtown building , with no limit on the amount of money you spend ! Keep in mind , though , that the more you spend on a building , the more your sims pay to go there . You can build parks , restaurants , nightclubs , malls , and any other public place you can think of . Any objects you can use their can also be used in your own household . Then it 's time to put those buildings to use . It all starts by picking up the phone . Call up a date . It can be someone you know from the neighborhood , or one of several NPCs -LRB- non-playable characters . -RRB- Or , if you prefer , go alone and spend some money on yourself . You can buy new clothes to wear , eat some food , dance , whatever ! A seperate meter from the friend meter is on the menu showing how far along you are with your love interest . If you have a good enough time , you may even fall in love and marry your date , making him/her a permanent part of your household ! Having a good time may require building up of interests your date enjoys , including sports , computers , etc. . Building interests can be easily done by reading magazines . Plenty of new features insures this expansion will be the biggest and best yet !
 As I say with all Sims expansion packs so far . . this one is GREAT ! It 's a fun addition , full of new stuff , new interactions . . everything your Sim needs to get the apple of his eye to gaze upon him with adoration.With this expansion , you get a downtown area to go to . The downtown is full of shops and restaurants your Sims can visit to have a good time . In the shops , you can try on and buy new pajamas or evening wear for your Sim -LRB- or his/her date ! -RRB- ! ANd the coolest thing is that if you buy new PJs , your Sim will be wearing them next time he/she slips in to bed . :D Also , buying new clothes for a date reallly impresses them . Sims are very materialistic creatures.Also in the shops you can buy chocolate , flowers , teddy bears and jewelry and give them to your significant other as a present - which is sure to gain brownie points . Like I said . . Sims love stuff ! There are also magazine racks where you can buy magazines - > these have the added benefit of helping your Sim gain new interests . So if your Sim beauty is trying to impress a certain someone with her sports knowledge , reading the magazine can help!You also get your choice of fine restaurants . . anywhere from a greasy diner type to fine dining with mood music courtesy of a pianist . While eating , there are tons of new interactions - including my favorite
 What 's different between this and the other expansion packs ? Well , there are many new objects , wallpapers , floors and build tools like fences and windows . Of course , the biggest difference is that this introduces a whole new element of gameplay to the Sims , with the downtown area.Downtown , Sims can shop for clothes , read magazines , swim , buy hamburgers and icecreams . Most of all , though , they can go on dates and meet people . Downtown , you can only control one Sim at a time , and they have to keep both themselves and their date happy . This is a lot more difficult than it sounds!The relationships with Sims have changed in other ways , too . There are now two relationship bars - short-term and long-term . It 's much more difficult to get Sims to fall in love , and they 're a lot more temperamental than they used to be!Downtown is very , very expensive . For a meal that would cost the Sims $ 20 at home , it costs them $ 120 dollars downtown . Everything costs money , and usually a lot of it . You 'd better have very rich Sims , -LRB- ... -RRB- . Performance-wise , on my computer it is very poor . I 've got a Pentium III , running Windows ME with 128MB of RAM , and this is one REALLY slow game . It takes about the same amount of time to load the game up , but there are unfortunately other parts where the game has really slowed for me . When cars arrive , my computer used to just slow down a little . Now the screen freezes for 20 - 40 seconds . The downtown area takes a really long time to load -LRB- especially the first time -RRB- , and going from shop to shop also takes a long time.Would I recommend it ? If you have a slow computer , you 'll have to be very patient while playing the game . If you have a really slow computer , forget it . If your computer is fast , buy this right now !
 This expansion pack dropped me right back into the wonderful world of SIMS addiction . You think you 're past it and then they give you a downtown and more iteractions and before you know it , it is 3 AM and you are still going . Part of me wants to hug the programmers , while the other part wants to kick them for creating such a cool , addictive game.Much like houseparty , the graphics can chug a little when you have a bunch of SIMS around . This mainly happens when you are downtown at a happening joint or if you throw a party.For parents out there , there is a strong sexual theme to this game and any internet savy child can download naughty skins . Very , very limited violence , if any , depending on your iteractions . Do keep in mind that SIMS date and mate , with the latter not occuring in plain view . The good news is that you wo n't have to explain where babies come from after they play this game.You might want to look for a SIMS 12-step program prior to purchasing . Enjoy !
 Hot Date is so awesome ! I love all the new objects and that you can go downtown . I just wish you could get some downtown objects at home , and vice versa . There are a lot different `` social interactions '' . 40 i think . the fiery kiss is so cool ! get your sims to do that one . anyway , go buy it .
 A lot of Sims fans have lots of user-created objects downloaded off fan sites . So , if you are one of those fans with over a Gig of downloaded walls , skins , floors , etc. the game will tend to load slowly , depending on your system speed.There are new objects for downtown , and its a lot of fun being able to create a downtown , but once in awhile the game may crash when you are downtown if you do not have enough system memory - the game seems to use more when your sims are downtown , to allow for more sims to be on a lot at the same time . My game worked ok after installing Hot Date Patch vs. 2.0 but slows down the more sims are on the downtown lot at the same time , and if too many sims go on the downtown lot , sound gets garbled , and if I do n't exit after that it tends to lock up completely . The cheat draw_all_frames off in downtown did seem to help -LRB- choppier animation , but game seemed to run smoother -RRB- . If you have 80 or more windows in build mode , your stairs will turn into windows until you change the windows to `` decorative windows '' or move them out of your game directory.I notice on a 500 mhz computer with 600 mb of memory , my game directory loaded up with objects -LRB- over 1 gig of user created objects in the downloads directory -RRB- , my game can take about a half hour to load . I may have to move some of these objects out of my game.The biggest deal about Hot Date is the new downtown area , and the new way relationships are handled . There is a short-term relationship now , and a long-term relationship . Get familiar with the way basic relationships work in the Sims game before installing Hot Date , since this can get tricky .
 What a great addition to the Sims ! Hot Date is very helpful in creating friendships -LRB- which I always had trouble doing ! -RRB- with the new downtown area , and many more interactions such as selecting ways to hug , kiss , greet , etc. . Friends equal job promotions , which equal more money . Your Sims are much better off with Hot Date!In conclusion , if you have the Sims , Hot Date is an absolute must-have -LRB- it is also extremely good with Livin ' Large and House Party -RRB- . The only reason not to buy is not meeting the PC game requirements -LRB- located on the bottom of the box -RRB- .
 I am a huge fan of The Sims and have bought all of the other expansion packs , too.But I found myself having some huge problems with this game . There are so many bugs , I ca n't stand to play it!Like when I go downtown , my sims date always freezes up in the booth , therefor making me stuck downtown for an eternity unless I exit without saving . And that really is a dissapointment when you get relationships built up during that time . And the waiter/waitress always freezes up . And on the box they advertise an old lady who bothers you . Well , I have never seen her in my game once.The bugs actaully did n't start showing up until after a while . They wer n't there at first . I really do like this game a lot , and if it did n't have those bugs , it would be my favorite.I noticed the company released the game in a smaller box at the same time of release for the Vacation expansion . I wonder if they fixed those bugs , and I have thought about buying it to find out.But anyway , I love the new options and the fact you can bring them downtown .
 This is a really cool game . You get tons of new objects , and characters for your sims to meet and date . Each neighborhood has it 's own downtown area , which is really fun to build . The only reason I gave this game 4 stars is because it crashes a lot , even on OS X , which is really stable .
 I absolutely love `` The Sims Hot Date '' ! I became obsessed with The Sims when it first came out ... after that I bought the Livin ' Large expansion pack and the Dance Club expansion pack but i must say , HOT DATE IS THE BEST ! If you 're into architecture and playing around with `` people '' or if you really like matchmaking , this game is a MUST have ! You have to have the original sims in order to get this game , though . But if you end up buying it , try some of the fun cheats you can find online !
 This game is a great add on to The Sims . It is an amazing step for tThe Sims to be able to travel outside of their house and I think it turned out well . In this game you will meat many new characters and many new places will be introduced . it is very fun and a great add on . I strongly recomend it to all sims fans .
 really really great !!! Do n't listen to the age thing though , it is wrong . this is a good game for me . i got it when i was 11 .
 This is an excellent expansion on `` The Sims '' just because you have so many options and it is much much much more realistic . It takes more than a day for your Sims to fall in love and sleep together and there are so many more normal interactions . For example , instead of `` greet '' there are handshake , hug , kiss , wave , ect . There are great things you can add in terms of furniture and also it is a great idea for people to be able to go out into town . I do admit that it is a bit frustrating to me that it is SO much harder to get people to fall in love , or even just to be friends which is why I am giving this four stars instead of five , but it 's just an amazing game overall ! -LRB- Definately not for people who are easily obsessed . . LOL -RRB-
 Oooh ... `` Hot Date '' is such a STEAMY game ! There is now a million more ways you can communicate with other Sims . I had such a laugh when I first played it , and I got hooked on it . I regularly play it , I try to play it everyday . Every day is a `` Hot Date '' in Sim land ! Excellent !!!!! ...
 As most people have heard , this expansion pack adds like 40 + new interactions , a downtown area you can haev your Sims go to , and there is now a life time friend score and a day-to-day score , so it 's a little easier to make new friends and easier to keep the good ones -LRB- without haveing to call them every other day -RRB- . When you install the game and play it for the first time - Maxis has made a downtown area for all the eighborhoods , however you can edit them , ore rebuild new ones . Some things I 've learned - 1 -RRB- Always go downtown when you are high on energy but not before work - when you get back from downtown you enter your house at the same time you left and a lot of times you are really low on energy , 2 -RRB- When building a restaurant make sure to leave A LOT of room between tables - beacuse there are a lot of new characters to fill the downtown area - sometimes they decide to stand in the middle of the restaurant and you can not get seated . 3 -RRB- While you are talking with someone and they do not like what you are talking about - click on your Sim and select `` Change Topic '' so you stop offending the other Sim -LRB- or not -RRB- . Overall an excellent buy - well worth the money !
 Hot Date adds a lot of fun to the SIms ... But the documentation to support the new game features is minimal ... You pretty much just have to figure things out as you go ... and there are a lot of fun changes to the way Sims interact . . But things are fairly easy to figure out ... Lots of new objects . The best is the LOVE TUB ... Hot Date makes game play more complex and keeps the SIms fresh and as fun as ever .
 The Sims original version was like nothing I ever expirenced before ; but when I got Livin Large , and House Party Expansion Pack to The Sims I thought my fun would never end . Hot Date is the best expansion pack Maxis ever made . If you need technical support their staff is so helpful and polite . If you get a PC game this year it defenitly needs to be this game . Its GREAT !!!!!!!!!
 Yay ! As an owner of Livin Large & House Party , I 'm about to lose my mind in excitement at the prospect of sims getting to go out more often than disappearing in a car to work and returning to eat supper and go to bed . Lets hope Maxis can possibly let it out . . say ... tomorrow ? We could only wish ! ;-RRB- It sounds like it 'll be a hit .
 Trust me , I own ALL of the expansion packs , and from what I 've heard , this 'll be COOL !
 This game is really cool ! The relationships take a HUGE step ! Honestly ! If you thought that getting people to marry in regular Sims is hard , DO N'T GET THIS ! The emotions can drop very quickly and is it just me or do Sims get hungry faster ? :-RRB- Downtown is really cool , but it drains alot out of your Sims . So that 's the bad side.Anyway this game is great ! I hope you get it because it makes the Sims much better !
 There 's nothing like a little romance to spice up a boring life , and this expansion pack does just that . The area added is substantially larger than the game itself before this expansion . It is true that the downtown area is slow on my pokey 566 MHz Celeron , but not unplayably so , and the addition of stores , shopping , dining , and more makes up for the sluggishness . I had been bored with The Sims and had hardly played it in months , but Hot Date has rekindled my interest and kept it for hours and hours.As for problems with installation , not only did I have none , but it seems to have fixed a problem I had before when trying to exit Livin ' Large after playing it in 1024 x 768 -LRB- a problem which was not solved by uninstalling and reinstalling or upgrading video drivers -RRB- . The game runs better now than it used to , for me at least .
 great game with some problems . i couldnt play it on my computer . i meet all the requirementes , but i have windows me , so i installed it on my mom 's laptop and suddenly ... wow !!! awesome game !!! it is NOT slow . i mean , the laptop is not new , but it has pentium 3 with 600 mhz and 128 mb of ram and it runs perfectly !! i played it for a while and , i must accept , furst it was borring , but after you date a little and hang around , it becomes awesomely fun !! so much to buy , so much to do !!! well done !!!
 this game is really cool and has like 100 new features that are jiggy ! here are the pros and cons of this gamePROS ~ - fun game play-hundreds of new interactions with other sims-many new objects-you can go down town and do stuff on a dateCONS-down town is kinda weird and is not that fun and it costs a lot of money -LRB- like 100 $ -RRB- to take a taxi there and back-NEVER EVER USE `` GOSSIP '' THE OTHER SIM WILL NEVER LIKE WHAT U ARE SAYING AND IT SHOULDNT EVEN BE ON THE GAME CUZ IT DOESNT WORK-the really stupid thing is that your house can catch fire and it burns down and u die but if this does happen just quit and come back to ur house w/out saving and every thing will be back to normal-but if u do not save and come back ur house will catch on fire againBUY THIS GAME ITS SO FUN AND COOL AND I LIKE TO PLAY AND U SHOULD BY IT IT IS COOLER THAN LIVIN LARGE
 I am like obsessed with the sims !! lol . . i own the sims and the two expansion packs and eventhough i did not buy hot date yet I will !! I can not wait for it to come out ... I know it WONT be a disappointment !
 From what has been described I think the expansion pack sounds pretty cool . I always wanted there to be a town or something besides just the house .
 Well as the game is not realeased yet i will save my real review to then .
 This game is truly , one of the greatest game in the world.I am a huge Sims fan , and own All the parts of the The Sims.I recommend Sims Fans everywhere to get this game , When it comes out !
 the game is fun i like designing restauants .
 I played this game with a friend at first . I loved it ! It was so cool.You would have to be crazy if you do not like it . Many people have got this game and loved it . I did n't get the game but I still like it.People who think it is for teens are wrong.At least that is what I think . I am So Happy that they came up with htis game .
 I have all of the sims expansion packs and I can not wait until Hot Date comes out!I can not wait to see what kind of new objects it will have . I have never been disapointed with a game made by Electronic Arts and I do not think this will be an exception ! I expect it to be very exciting and I want to see what kind of things Will Wright did to make it better than the other expansions !!
 i ' v read all about this and the game sounds exciting i have th e original sims and the two expansion packs i am looking forward to this game and do n't think ill last until it comes out on the 15th of nov. in this ep you can play footsies and get in a monsterous makeout session . people say the point of this ep is to marry on the night of your first adte but i believe if you take your time it will be more fun i highly recomemd this game and hope you and i will like it when it comes out . oh duh i forgot to mention the main purpose it is to take place in a downtown setting where you can go to the beach a restuarnat park dance club cafe boutiques on the street or many more . there is many more things to be said but i have to go ! chow ! love yal !
 The sims is a GREAT simulating game ! I have all of the expansion packs which I have used well over a thousand times ! I love this game and you DEFINETLY will too ! I ca n't wait until this is released ! : -RRB-
 First of all , I want to say that I 'm from The Netherlands . So do n't be surprised when you find a lot of fouls in this text . Anyway , I 'm a big lover of sim games and I 'm surely gon na buy Hot Date when it 's available . I have n't yet seen any screenshots , but I 've read some texts about it and it looks like a cool game to me . I bought the original game and both expansions -LRB- Livin ' Large & House Party -RRB- and every single part was worth the money -LRB- at least , that 's what I thought -RRB- I 'm almost sure that Hot Date will be exactly the same . So actually , I do n't even have to buy and play this game to think it 's a success game and I 'm sure that the people from Electronic Arts and Maxis have done their best on this third expansion of the best game ever !!! Greetings , Luuk van Vorselen
 This was a really good expansion pack ! I love to take my Sims downtown . I really like how there are many different types of places to go to , unlike the Vacation EP , which has many places but really only 3 types of places . You also can edit the places you go to ! There are also tons of new objects , walls , etc. that you can use in your Sims ' homes , too . Your Sims can really get to know eachother well as there are tons of new options.My suggestions to make it better would be a faster loading time , the option to take more than one other person out , something that would make the Townies get out of the path of the cars , and it also gets kind of annoying that they come back to the house at the same time they left , but all their needs are different .
 I ca n't wait until this game comes outi already haveThe SimsHouse Party EPLivin largeAnd now i am finding them to be a bit boaring!I HOPE THAT YOU FIND THIS HELPFUL !! I hear the Hot Date you can do . . Take Your Sims DowntownCreate a downtown for your Sims complete with shops , restaurants , parks and a beach.Meet and Date New CharactersTake a walk in the park with the Blonde Bombshell , share an ice cream with The Jock.Wine and Dine or Crash and BurnControl your Sims ' relationships like never before with over 40 new one-on-one social interactions.Build with 125 New ObjectsTurn up the heat in the Love Tub , play with boats in the Fish Pond or get a little closer on the Cuddle Couch ...
 Oh man , I have waited forever for Maxis to give the Sim 's a chance to leave the house . I have always wondered why there was no town , and no shops . I just can not wait until I can get this . I love it when they come out with something new , cause yes , the old ones get boring after awhile . And when the Sim 's can do more actions with each other it 's even better ! I ca n't wait , I ca n't wait , I ca n't wait ! ...
 this game has a burst of romance in the air take your sims out on dates and watch sparks fly and maybe by the end of your fifth date or earlier GET MARRIED this is the reason the sims is so famouse along with vacatin unleashed and superstar !!!!!! buy it it is worth the money and hads no bugs it runs 4 xp they updated the game !!!!
 This is a must have expansion for The Sims . In addition to more neighborhoods it also provides you with a downtown environment for your Sims to go shopping and meet new people . This makes it much easier to keep the Sims happy and to make enough friends to excel in their occupations .
 it rox just buy it and u 'll no wut i mean . . having pets is the best thing ever 4 the sims this is the greatest expansion pack ! hears my order . . unleashed , hot date , superstar , house party , vacation , makin magic , then livin large . . btu they all still rock . .
 this is a very good game . it gives u alot more things to dowith the sims . u can build up interests by reading magazinesto make yourself more compatible with ur dates . it is sooo fun .
 The Sims is the best game I have ever playd . . It ` s so mutch fun . I love it !
 oh my god !!! all i could say is that it is jus so kewl !!! anyway , i luv it cause i got so addicted 2 da otha sims games but since i got kinda bored jus doin thangs in da sims house , this game is jus perrrrrfect 4 me !!! we can go down town , get different outfits , such as new bathin suits n pajamas !!! i jus luv it n now all i do is play it 4 hours !! i jus cant stopp ! i jus found a lil ' bit of time 2 right this review n then im gon na go n play it again ! thanxz maxis 4 makin such the kewlest games ! ~
 This is a great addition to a good game ... the possiblities are virtually endless !
 I found this game very good , I only rated it 4 star because of the play downtown slow . The sims when you ask out on a date say no when the friendship is 80-100 ! Still a good game
 I have n't played the game yet , but it looks AMAZING ! I 'm sure it 's going to be just as good or better than the other expansion packs . I 'm a big fan of the Sims and I ca n't wait to get it . I think this is a good game for all ages .
 This looks like the best expansion yet !! I 'm soooo glad they finnaly got some sense of what the fans wanted !! OUT OF THE HOUSE INTERACTION !! I heard at first they were going to make it so you could go to other sims houses but then they figuered this would be WAY cooler ! I 'm pre-ordering this now you should too !! -LRB- simsville should be good too !! I ordered it cuz i 'm a total sims fan !! -RRB- ...
 I have never brought another expansion . . except The sims . I thought the others were a waste of time . It was really , you know , be able to do it in your house only and not go anywhere else . But then came this hot date ... and I think it 's the greatest . Here are the reason for being this the greatest.Firstly , you could go to the downtown . At the expansion before this , no resident sim could visit other places . But then , this game could . Also , you get to be like `` The visitor '' and do other stuff else.Secondly , you have new objects . Not that the other expansion had new objects but , they were only for the group ... or atleast not for two little coule ... but this could.Lastly , you get to ride cars ! No . Not those you know ... pick up car , but you get to have ... texi so that you could go to the downtown!I hope that I would be able to convince my parents so that I could ... buy this game . Badly , I 'm not in US , so I could n't preorder it ...
 hi i 'm jesse but people call me jess , i am doing a review on the sims new expantion pack . I 'm 13 and have the original sims and all ep 's apart from the new sims hot date . Personaly i think that it is going to be the best sims game in the west because ilove the sims . I also think that it will be better seems as you get to ask people on dates ask them to meet you down town and cool stuff like so , on that subjet i think that it is FANTASTIC that `` hot date '' will have resturunts and shops and stuff also being able to socially get together with your hot date in many different ways . I think this game will be a blast . I 'm deffinetly getting . But what a what till November oh well i guess it is werth the wait , at least when i get it my sims will be able to get a date have dinner come with his or hers date and get in the love tub in the shape of a heart and then if time maybe a little more ??
 The new expansion pack will let you take any of your crazy friends downtown to the park the beach even the store ! All under your command . You create a downtown and control one sim.There you can pick up someone to go on a date or use a phone to plan a date ! Here there will be rewards , such as cuddling and making out . The objectsive of the game is to keep your date going as long as possible ! Take hime or her to the store to get some ` sleepwear ' . It 's going to be another expansion for your sims to go crazy !
 I am one of THE BIGGEST Sim fans . I am always going to TheSims.com and looking for more 411 on Hot Date . And I 'm practically killing people on the chat because thats all I ask . `` Any one know anything else ? Huh ? Huh ? '' I always find out right away about new EPs . And I always pay a bit more for the Eps because I get them a day or two after it comes out , also before the prices go down ! I payed $ 29.00 for HP and a week later it was down too & 19.99 simoleans ! -LRB- lol -RRB- I 've been a sim fan threw my 6th grade class until 8th . -LRB- I will always be one . -RRB- I found out about The Sims when this kid * Matt Johnson -LRB- name changed -RRB- was talking about how you create people . So when I got home i put in the computer ` TheSims.Com ' -LRB- to see if that was the website -RRB- and as soon as I saw it , I was in love ! My first family was ` The * Gildeas ' Me and my friend created them . It was so much fun ! I 'm still obbsessed ! You got ta get this Hot EP . I hafta go cuz I got a ` Hot Date ' with the Sims chat to bug 'em more . -LRB- j/k -RRB- Toodles !!!!!!!!!!
 this game is cool i cant believe that ea games would make games like this.you go to clubs . make love in the hot tub.Also have a nice romantic dinner at the park and wisper in each other ears . last but not least you have sex .
 The Sims is such a great game . Admit it . I personally could n't live without . But you know ... the Sims just is n't enough . I mean you get bored of it , that 's why Livin ' Large was created . But even Livin ' Large is boring . More items to buy and build , yipee . Big woop ! I mean , c'mon you 're Sims need to party down once in a while . That 's why House Party was created . But what if you 're sims are n't party people ? What if they 're more romantic and want to go out with there lovers . On a date perhaps ... In Hot Date you have everything from every sims game you own and have installed plus more . Hot Date is going to be such a hit ! You should definetely buy it . It 's a great game . I can tell .
 With all that I have heard and read , one of the coolest features I think that will be added according to PC Gamers first big interview with Sid Mier -LRB- the creator of The Sims and Simsville -RRB- would have to be the DRIVE-IN movie theater . Sure , the flower shop and clothing stores are cool , but think about it for a second , you can only buy the clothes that you could wear for free if you change clothes with the dresser , the costume box or even the `` 7 Deadly Sims ' '' washer and dryer . And you can only buy the flowers that you probably already have in your house after creation and design.The only downfall to having a new expansion pack is the problem that I had with the Rollercoaster Tycoon Expansion Packs . Once you install the new EP most of the time , you can no longer use the codes or cheats , I already ca n't use three-fourths of The Sims cheats because of the House Party EP and the updated patches from the website.One thing that I would REALLY like them to do is add a 3rd storie , rounded walls , and apartment building settings to the house building options . This would open up creation and design in so many ways , it would take the game to such a new level and open many doors for recreation of various famous buildings , churches , banks , houses , and other wonders of architecture . Although a third storie would hold high restrictions and probably not offer too much hard drive space it would truly distinguish this EP from the rest . Except for the fact that they may have already thought about those ideas for the fourth EP which is pretty much at this point inevitable.I also heard that with Hot Date they added pets , but I already have the pets from 7DS and they are not all that , and they die if you do n't feed them , like the fish , and that stinks.This game should prove to surpass the others though , and that is why I am looking forward to my Pre-Purchase ability , knowing that the first two expansions sold out completely within a 40 mile radius of my house in approximately 8 hours . I was at work in the mornings of both release dates , and I am not missing this one.Hope you enjoy the EP as much as I know I am . And if you wan na see some of my House Party houses just look under Zeteo_Aletheia and Acedog_007 at thesims.ea.com 's `` sims exchange . '' I should have my latest updated families such as The Scooby Doo Family and The Goonies along with some 8 member families in which you can download to get cool superhero and famous movie character skins .
 I 've been looking forward to `` Hot Date '' and i 've heard that you can go build a downtown area filled with `` restaraunts , beaches , parks , and malls and if you do n't wan na build one you can just use an already made one . This is obviously the best Expansion Pack out there today . Your sims do n't have to be stuck inside there house anymore , go out and roam the streets for that special someone or ask a neighbor to meet them there or maybe spend the night . And there 's over 40 new people actions , you can now Whisper into your dates ear , kiss their hand , etc. . . well i hope this review was helpful .
 Have a whole new level of SIM relationships by making downtown ! Biuld a really expensive resturant or a cheap eatz place . Some sime options may not be to apropriot for kids . It 's extremly fun to try and go out with your so called dream date . Buy clothing , flowers chocolates and food . It 's a whole completly diffrent world ! Try it this game rocks ! It 's the best one yet !
 tHIS EXPANSION PACK IS THE BEST EVER ! SURE ITS SLOW BUT HEY , YOU SHOULD EXPECT THAT FROM ALL THE OTHER FILES U 'VE GOT ON THERE . THE DOWNTOWN AREA IS BRILLIANT.HAVE YOU EVER GOT BORED WITH THE OTHER EXPANSION PACKS ? I SURE DID , DOING THE SAME THINGS OVER AND OVER AGAIN . BUT WITH THIS ONE U SURE NEED SOME HELP IF U FIND THIS BORING FAST !
 First of all , what 's with the 5-star reviews of games from people who have n't even played them ?!? That being said , this is the best Sims expansion . There are a lot more interactions and the relationship scores have been changed so that it takes more time -LRB- and strategy -RRB- to get one of the other characters to fall in love with you . The downtown areas are OK , but fortunately , better ones are available by either building your own or downloading others from the internet . One word of caution -- this expansion is a bit of a `` memory hog '' -- I have a `` well-stocked '' computer and it still slows down -- although I have not had the significant performance problems that some other people have reported . If you have the system resources , buy it and enjoy it !
 It 's almost scary how I ask myself `` how can the next expansion get better ? '' and it always does . At the moment my neighbor is obsessing himself on my other computer with trying to bring some attractive women home -LRB- but in vain -RRB- , and my sister ca n't help but get involved in HOT DATE . The only con that I have with the game is it can get choppy at times , but maybe it 's only for me . Anyway , the pros by far outweigh the cons , and I generally enjoy my time on the computer when playing HOT DATE . The downtown option is brilliant , and I am content with buying new outfits and Sim games ... Score
 When I got the Sims Hot Date I was really quick to install it on my computer . It was a bit slow , but I think you could handle it . When I finally got to the menu screen I could n't believe my eyes . You can Make your own downtowns and Decorate your shops . There were a lot of items to choose from , and A lot of new outfits for your Sims . There is also new wallpapers and floor tiles . I really think this game was fun , and enjoyable ...
 This is the best sims yet . . I love all the new features . . It is so cool ... Thanks Maxis !!!!!!!
 I have all of the sims expasion packs and they are sooooo great . I am expecting Sim Hot date on NOV. 16 and I cant wait tell then and I have one thing to say to anyone who is thinking about buying this ... . do it , it will be worth all that money I can be sure
 Hey all of you Sims fans ! You have to check this game out . The new expansion pack , Hot Date is here to make your Sims life more enjoyable and a little more hotter . There are so many different things that you can do in this expansion , including making a Downtown area for your Sims to go out and date . Try your luck with a couple of new characters like the Blonde Bombshell and others downtown . You can buy gifts for your date and see if it will impress them . You can even date other neighbors . It 's fun to watch your sim enjoy their love life or bomb in it . Although you do n't need all of the expansions to play this game , it is certainly recommended . With more things to buy and more options to do with your date , you 're sure to have the time of your life with this game . Who knew simulated reality could be so fun ?
 The Sims hot date is a whole new twist on the sims that was never introduced before ! Sure , your sims could have relationships , but now , they can work on them ! Now , your sims can shop for clothes , lingerie , go to the bar , eat dinner at all different level restaraunts , have fun in parks , and MUCH MUCH MORE . There are more than 40 new social interactions , including extreme tickle , 6 types of kisses , new NAG actions , different hugs ... the list goes on . Out of all the expantion packs , Hot Date is definately the best . And its even better if you have the other 2 !!!!!
 I purchased the game and I think that it will be very exciting , and adds new light to the surrounding of our lonely sims . Will Wright is a brilliant game developer and he should be praised for that . I hope that this expansion pack will not be the last to carry on the sims legacy . Thanks Will Wright for all of your wonderful work .
 The downtown customization feature is one of the greatest ideas to have ever come out of any pc game in a long time ! Ca n't wait to bed all the Sim ladies out there with my Sim Pimp .
 Hot Date is expansion pack # 3 and I 'm going nuts waiting for it . Living Large and House Party definately did not disappoint , and I 'm sure Maxis is n't going to let us down with this one ! So many Sims fans pour their heart out into making extras for everyone to download , but being able to `` leave '' the Sims house and go out on the town is absolutely FANTASTIC ! I can not wait until this expansion pack comes out !
 Hey , when I first recieved The Original Sims , I immediately wanted Hot Date !!!! When I got it , I got so engrossed , I missed out on tv and meals ! It what makes this game soo intriguing ! There 's so many NEW items , and people ! The downtown is a great place ! You can buy your Sims clothes and go shopping with your friends , you can even buy your Sim , the SIMS game ! How funky is that ??? When you create your character , you get so many more heads to choose and outfits !!!! It 's sooo fun ! People may find technical difficulties , because if you want to enjoy this game more , u should have a fast computer like 1 MegaHert . -LRB- or wutever that computer slang is -RRB- I used it on my old comp and it was n't fun then i moved it to a much faster computer , and it was sooooo ENJOYABLE ! Sims hot date , u can do so much ! Flirt , growl , pimp , cuddle , it 's awesome !!!!!!! I hope you find this helpful !!!!!!
 The Sims
 I brought the game over 6 months ago along with 5 others . I played the other games and love them . I went to download Hot Date and guess what I could n't because I do n't have the game it needs to porceed . Please help and e-mail me back with the infomation needed to get my game downloaded . . My e-mail is rrosario@safespacenyc.org . I would really be greatful . . Thank you .
 Maxis has done it again ! Sims Hot Date is their best game yet ! Its just hard to explain its so good !
 I have played all the Sims games enought to know that any Sim expantion pack will be better then any other game yove played ! I give this game five -LRB- 5 -RRB- stars -LRB- * 's -RRB- for its its creativity ! The Sims Hot Date is for all you Sim lovers out there who just ca n't get your sims to like anyone , it is filled with never-ending fun and excitement ! With all sorts of shops and entertainment your Sims and you . So I greatly recamend this game !
 For those of you who have n't played The Sims you are missing out . The basics of the game is to build -LRB- or break -RRB- a family 's bank account , social relationships and what not . The great thing about it is that the possibilites are endless in this game . You could be a fireman if you want by placing an easel to close to the fireplace or be an architech and build your house from the ground up.The Sims
 This is yet another Sims expansion pack , yes that makes a total of three now . But somehow Maxis managed to make it the best yet , with the main upgrade being the ability to take sims downtown , there are also many more social options that are now all organized into efficient menus . But back to the downtown , each neighborhood has it 's own and there are no money restrictions downtown so feel free to build to your hearts content . There are a lots -LRB- 125 + -RRB- of new objects available , some are only available downtown . You can build restaurants , bars -LRB- non-alcoholic of course -RRB- , nightclubs , parks , and two of the downtown lots are beaches . The minimum system requirements have gone up however , now you need 64MB of RAM to play not 32 and it takes up 600MB of hard drive space more than any other sim expansion . The sound and graphics have n't changed at all , but the gameplay is MUCH improved and it does n't feel like your sims are living in a bubble anymore . There are however some bugs in Hot Date sometimes people get stuck cuddling on couches -LRB- another new interaction -RRB- or in dining booths , some people have complained about sound issues after installing Hot Date , and some other problems . But despite that The Sims Hot Date is a fun , enjoyable addition to the sims and if you like this game at all get this expansion , it 's WELL worth your money .
 The first question I will ask in this review is
 Genuiously , Maxis brought us `` Sims Hot Date '' . This is something you must get if you are a Sim Lover . I was reading a couple reviews about Hot Date being slow . Really , that is not an issue . If you have 2 other expansion packs and you dont have much space on your computer , and your computer is not fast , yeah that might make the 3rd expansion pack -LRB- HotDate -RRB- slower.Hot date is amazing . I cant imagine what they will do next to make The Sims better . You can go downtown and get `` snuggly '' with your date . And you can even go downtown and invite other people that are already down there on a date . This game is simply awesome.In my opinion , you will have to have this . It is WELL WELL WELL ! worth the money . No other game can beat the Sims . I cant believe how far it has came.And dont take my word for it ! Go to TheSims.com to find out more about hot date ! Then if your ready , order it ! -LRB- you must order it ! -RRB-
 If you could n't tell from the title , I 'm really excited about the newest Sims EP , Hot Date . In Hot Date , instead of having to stay in your house , you get to go into the new downtown area . You can build custom restaurants , shops , clubs , and some other things . There are 125 new items , too . Instead of just marrying people you can date them . You can meet them while going around downtown , or call them on the phone and a cab will pick you up.There are 40 new 1-on-1 interactions in Hot Date . To me , Hot Date looks like the best Sims EP yet !
 The Sims Hotdate is one of the best EPs of all . Before you get any of the other EPs , you should get this one . I say this mostly because it gives you more social interactions and over 125 new objects . Instead of just kissing someone and getting that corny music , you can choose from a suave kiss on the hand or a passionate pucker . There is a downtown location for your sims to go to for gift shopping , eating , or to meet that special someone . You can invite someone in your household or someone you meet downtown.The downside of the game
 Ok , I 'm completely addicted to the Sims . This expansion pack really added to the fun . I think the best part about it is , for the first time , you get to take your Sims out to `` date places , '' like shopping centers and restaurants . I do n't know about your Sims , but mine tend to get a little stir-crazy and cranky when they have n't been out of the house in a while . I 'm warning you , though
 I almost did not purchase Hot Date because a few reviewers -LRB- see list below -RRB- reported that Hot Date was not compatible with Windows XP . I had my doubts , but bought the game anyway . I am happy to report that Hot Date installed and plays perfectly well on my computer whose operating system is XP . I do , however , have Sims Deluxe Edition so I can not report that Hot Date will work with the Original Sims or with Sims Double Deluxe Edition on XP , although it is probably safe to assume that if it works with Sims Deluxe it will most likely work with Sims Double Deluxe on XP . Once you install Hot Date you will be required to reinstall Sims Deluxe afterward to play -LRB- all of your saved material is not lost -RRB- . The only catch that I have experienced is that during play , Hot Date can slow up almost to the point where you think it has frozen but it resumes again . This is probably a RAM issue , and this game definitely requires A LOT -LRB- 128MB is marginal at best -RRB- of RAM to run smoothly on XP.So have no fear if you have XP , give Hot Date a try it is definitely worth it . I ca n't stop laughing at all the ridiculous and funny actions you can put your Sim -LRB- and his or her date -RRB- through . If you 're a bit older than the average Sims player like me , this game is nice way to unwind and get your mind off things -LRB- like your REAL job -RRB- .
 I have all the other Sims games and when I heard about this game is was washing cars and making money in every way I could to get the amount of money that I need to make my computer the power house of THE SIMS . Now I ca n't wait untill the middle of November . This game sounds so cool . I was getting board of being stuck in the same old house all the time . I though it would be cool if I could go to one of my nieghbors houses . Nope ca n't do that but you can go to town and show your lover bunny just how special she is . Once I get this game there is going to be alot of late nightes for me . I 'm going to be playing this all weekend long . Finally my sims gets to explore , and have more fun with the hottie next door . I 'm so excited to get to see what the new furniture and actions are between other sims . I thought I had enough furniture but another truck just pulled up and there still loading them in . Well enough of that crazy talk . This is a dag-on must bye ... period !
 I have all the other sims but this one is the sweetest it has 125 new objects.I now one cheat it is rosebud then hit enter then type in ! ; ! ; ! ; ! ; ! ; ! ; ! ; ! ; 1 and how to get in to it you hit shift ctrl alt and c all at the same time .
 First off , I loved the first game , and the first expansions where interesting additions to an already great and addictive game . However , these additions did n't a whole lot to gameplay except for giving you new skins and items for your house . -LRB- something you can download online for free by the way -RRB- Long story short , these expansions are all great but for the money , try out a new game .
 Oh My Gosh . I heard from my friend that there is another Expansion pack I thought it was HP it was talking about . Well anyways I am going to the sims main site ... and then on the main page it shows `` The Sims
 Since the first '' the Sims '' Game came out its been really popular with grown-ups & kids . And with the expansion packs its been even more fun . Livin Large & House Party are fun but Hot-date has a whole new area , Downtown . In Down Town you can build restaurents , beaches , parks , cafes etc. then comes the fun bit , you can take your date to any of the areas you have created . Maxis have created cabs to take to and fro from town . But it 'll cost ya 50 simoloneons . In the park you can feed fish , race boats or rent a picnic basket . There are over 40 new interactions such as a dip-kiss , hand-kiss . You can also play footsie under the table or gossip about the couple next to you while you are waiting for your food . There even is an old lady who will wack you with her hand-bag if you try any hanky-panky with your date . Going back to the objects there are objects like the love couch , love swing and love tub . So I think this expansion is really worth it . You can preorder this game now .
 I soon as the game came in the mail I installed it and spent the whole night playing it . However , after a few days my addiction has already ceased . However , it is still loads of fun to play the game with friends . Also , I have all of the previous expansion packs and when I put this game into my computer , my computer became very slow . So I had to reinstall the game w/o the House Party Epack . But to the details : This EP makes the game a lot more fun and a lot more interesting . First of all , I like the new method of inventory in the buy mode and I love all of the new items . I love the new lights that can be hung from the ceiling , especially the ceiling fan.Finally , There are ways of impressing girls other than giving her home cooking and hugging her the same old way . Now , when you visit a resturaunt and sit in a booth , you can invite the girl to cuddle next to you then there is a list of things you can try . But you beter be careful . If the chick says no , you 're -LRB- ... -RRB- . Your relationship meter is plummeting . Oh , if you want to quickly fall in love with a women , avoud the women walking around town . They are tough puppies . I had both of my relationship meters up past 100 -LRB- New
 All the way from buying new PJ 's at the store to playing footsies in a booth at a resterant makes the Sims Hot Date a top of my list . First the Sims was my ideal game , but as soon as they started Living Large and having House Parties , the Sims grew better and better . But Finally , it came , a perfect game , the Sims Hot Date . In the Downtown area , you can buy teddy-bears , chocolates , lolipops , flowers , jewlery , clothes , and even the game'The Sims ' for your Sims ! You can sail boats and feed fish in a pond , have a Romantic picnic , have an icecream , hotdog , hamburger , cooler drink , or even a personal slice of pizza in most shops and stores . Your Sims can even take a swim or have a grill out on the downtown Patio . I recomend this game for any person who is interested in computer generated people or who likes to fool around on the computer .
 No doubt about , this is the most drastic change to come along to The Sims yet . Your Sims lives will never be the same again.The Pros
 Ahh yes , love is definitely in the air in the world of the Sims . Here is yet another expansion for `` The Sims '' for those of us who do not have a life and must resort to having a more interesting one in video games . -LRB- That 's a joke , calm down and take a few deep breaths . -RRB- With this new expansion , `` The Sims
 This expansion pack makes by far the most radical changes to the game , not only with the new downtown area , but in terms of interactions with other people -LRB- loads of new choices -RRB- and building relationships . It 's much more challenging , but if you were finding the game to be getting a bit old , Hot Date will liven it up very quickly . The downtown area is great and adds a whole new dimension to the game . However , the downtown area that is provided is kind of boring . You 're better off building your own.There are a few flaws :1 -RRB- The game runs A LOT slower with Hot Date , especially when that second window pops up -LRB- like when the car pool shows up -RRB- . My screen actually freezes for a few seconds before I the window actually appears . Plus it takes much longer to save the game . I have a pretty powerful machine , too -LRB- Pentium 4 , 1.4 GHz , 128 MB RAM -RRB- , so less robust machines are really going to dog .2 -RRB- If you enjoy interactions with the kids -LRB- as I did -RRB- , there are fewer now . All that 's available most times is `` Talk '' and `` Tickle '' , whereas before you were able to `` Joke '' , `` Entertain '' and `` Hug '' . The kids seem to be becoming more and more of an afterthought for Maxis , which is too bad because they made the game more fun . Kids ca n't go downtown , either.Hot Date takes some getting used to at first , but overall , I think it 's a great expansion pack for an already incredible game .
 Hot Date is a great Game.Why?It features a second dimenson of gameplay . I would guess -LRB- since i ca n't be exactly sure -RRB- that there is 1.25-1 .5 times as much space your sims can do anything they cold at home plus everything stated in the editorial review . If you have n't read the edirorial review it is lengthy and seemingly too serious and contradicts the loose mood of every Sim title your right . but it still tells you everything you want to know , all the new features , characters and little `` ditties '' about downtown.i know that most other reviews that cite the flaws of Hot Date say that the downtown is too `` slow '' . I agree that the downtown is slow and if you tried too build a grest house in one sitting it takes a Long time . but slow does n't mean bad . It just means long . `` long '' -LRB- if you 've ever played any RPG game that 's not Paper Mario , which you can breeze thru in a week -RRB- means good . Downtown does take long but while making your downtown you know that '' `` this is what my beloved Sim will be having a great party , diner , shopping spree , picnic or just a be on a '' Hot Date '' . '' `` The downtown feature also adds a world of creativy about how to maximize a enjoyment or fulfill a goal -LRB- e.g buying clothes , eating -RRB- in the shortest time . My theory on this is no walls and well placed and well considered doors if necessary.However , there is a flaw . In the other packs there was many new skins , heads , walls , floors , objects etc. . In Hot Date there are few new skins , very few new heads , some walls and few new floors . As far as the objects go '' over 125 new objects '' is misleading . Yes there are `` over 125 new objects '' is technically true . But see there are 125 + new objects that can be used in downtown or at home . There are only about 25 new new objects that can be used at home . this is understandable but kinda didhonest which is unlike Maxis . ALL objects that you have can be used downtown.In review if i could only have one pack Hot Date would definitely be it . I reccomend buying it -LRB- if you own the original Sims of course -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- sorry if i mispelled some words or used some bad grammar -RRB-
 I would not recommend this game for anyone who has below a 500 mhz Pentium 2 or Duron processor , especially if you download fan skins and objects a lot . -LRB- The more non-official stuff you put in your game , the more memory and/or processor power you will require , and the longer your game will take to load . -RRB- When I had this game on my old 500 mhz processor , I had about 1 gig of fan stuff in my downloads directory , it took half hour to load , and animation was choppy when downtown got crowded . -LRB- If you do use custom downloads , I strongly recommend to back them up before installing ANY new Sims expansion pack . That way , if you have to reinstall from scratch , you can reinstall your custom downloads . -RRB- But if you have a newer computer or are not using custom downloads , the game runs great and is lots of fun . -LRB- Once I got my new -LRB- faster ! -RRB- computer , the game ran so much better and I never had anymore trouble with crashes or slow-downs when downtown . -RRB- If you liked the lovebed from Living Large or Sims Deluxe , you 'll love the new interactions and relationship options in Hot Date .
 I love the game , especially since I 'm now rich beyond all dreams , mainly because I kill all my husbands - by drowning them in the pool right after the wedding , when they 've brought in the $ 20,000 . This way I can stop working , and buy all the luxury goods I want . When I 'm running out of funds , I just woo & marry another -LRB- hapless -RRB- guy !! I have an entire cemetery in the backyard -LRB- nicely tended to by a gardener -RRB- , and if it gets overcrowded , I sell the extra gravestones for $ 5.00 . Sometimes I 'll have a baby with one of my husbands , for that purpose he is allowed to live a little longer.When the kid goes on my nerves , in to the pool ... -LRB- remove the ladder , and your Sims drowns !! They must be really stupid ... -RRB- How 's that for `` real '' life ??
 Okay well this game is da bomb and I had NO TROUBLE installing it ! I have had it for a month now and it has never , not once crashed ! Plus it runs so quickly and there are no bugs -- and my computer ai n't new!It is Fabulous !!! Sooo Addicting !!!!!! BUY IT !!!!
 Does this work on a Mac or do you have to have an IBM compatible ?
 Well first of all let me say this is much better then living large and house party , But it makes things like getting married a lot harder to do ! It takes forever to get friends and even longer to eat at a restraunt ! What i mean is the downtown is fun but it takes so long to build it you dont even have time to actually play and when you do its hard to get them to do things but its a very fun game if youv got the time !
 This game is an awesome addition to the SIMS . You GOT TA play it !!
 This game is great fun with lots of action and much more dates that they like . It is great for kids .
 When I found out there was going to be a new expansion pack in July I was so excited . I did n't know what was going to be in it , but I could n't wait to find out . I was hoping there would be teenagers with romances . After a month and a half of waiting I finally found out . I could n't believe my eyes , even though there was n't teenagers there was someplace to go . And that was the other thing I was hoping the new expansion pack would have . I was planning on just a dance club , but with that , restaurants , beaches , bars , parks , and more it was to good to be true . Then I wondered , well the date would be so short because of the time issue , but when I found out time stopped while on the date , that made it perfect . When House Party came out I thought they ca n't top this , but with this , I guess they did . This will definetely be the best expansion pack . If they make another one in the future , I do n't know how they will top it , but hopefully it will have teenagers .
 I have the sims and both expansions . They are awesome !! I have probably spent more time playing the sims than no one lives forever . i am definatly gon na get this game the day it comes out . The downtown will be great and the new objects will too .
 hi , i love the sims , have all the expansion packs livin ` large + house party but the hot date , what duz it mean , i mean you can just normaly kiss and marry and all that but i am just confused , anyway i am sure the hotdate will be the best so far . thanx alot please reply , i dont really know how , i suppose you could rite a review under it any way . . jack
 Ok The sims hot date expansian pack is cool because you can go on dates , the neigborhood is going to look better featuring restarans and more . Their will be new objects too that 's all .
 Hi ... let me just make known that I am sims companys like bigges fan ! I have all of the games so far and no way can I wait for `` The HOTTTT Date '' The idea kicks ... and no game compares ... . That is why it was hard for me to even give these games a five star ... it is waaaaaay over that . I so ... want to pre - order
 THis game is so much fun . If you play the sims You have to get this one to add to your collection . If you dont play the sims , what is wrong with you go buy it . This is the funnest game , Ilove playing it with friends . Going down town on dates , having fun . I LOVE THIS GAME
 The sims hot date is great , theres loads of cool objects adn new inteactions , deffinatly kissies.The price is unbelivable , i would have expected it to be very expensive because is the best game yet , and its my favorite expansion pack bacause i have all of them and all together its super super cool !!
 This expansion has a lot of great new features , but does have some ups and downs . Some of the good things are the whole new downtown area . You get to buy new clothes , buy gifts for others , or even go out on a date with someone you either know or make friends with a person in town . There are a whole bunch of new items sorted into different categories -LRB- for example , in the lights , they are sorted into wall lights , floor lamps , etc. -RRB- . There are a whole bunch of new interactions . When you kiss or hug someone , you can choose what kind of kiss or hug you want . That goes with just talking with them and other things.This game does have a few downs to it . The game requires a lot of CPU power for the downtown area , since there are a lot of people and movement . In my opinion , it is harder to make friends , since you have daily and lifetime relationship bars instead of just having one . Despite these things , it is a great addition to The Sims .
 this game is way betta than the sims , and is well worth the money . You can actually leave the house , and there are all new people & outfits . You can actually buy stuff , and have betta pajamas than those old ones . You can give your dates cool gifts too . There is all new furniture which is kewlness ! Theis is the best sims gaem definatly .
 Its the best expansion pack so far , but I ca n't help thinking something is missing . Though in itself , the expansion is probably the best yet . There are many new interactions such as `` cuddle '' `` play footsie '' `` sweet talk '' `` growl '' and the many ways to insult and attack people . But I am dissappointed in that there are very limited shopping capabilities and why ca n't you buy things for yourself -LRB- besides clothes -RRB- ? I like the new magazines and all that stuff , but the other stuff is WAAAAY overpriced . At least I think . But I like the fact that you have a lot more friends to make there . Also that you have a lot more choice , ex . what gift you give people , your interests . There really is n't much new at the homestead of the sims . and no new neighborhoods -LRB- thought that can be fixed -RRB- . What I do like is that there are cool new single beds for adults . And also I like the sub-categories , they make it much easier to shop , though more clicking . And the best part is definetly downtown , where you can date people , hang out with people and most importantly SHOP . lol . Anyway , the downtown area is the biggest reason to get the expansion . It makes the whole game worth your $ . And I like the whole ice-cream bar and the fact that the objects just employ people . It makes things MUCH easier . And also you can take advantage of the fact that when you come back home , no matter how long you were downtown , time has n't even passed a minute . But take it from me , this is definetly a must-have for fans .
 i give it 5 stars ! i first created a person called jessie . she set herself up with a blind date on the new computer but she went downtown before he arrived . she went to a casino and acted shy then cool . she met a nerd and they went to her house . her house had a party room with a playstation a tv a dancing floor a chair and a costume box . they are all new and improved . you can do many more things with objects like the telephone . you can order pizza , chinese food , hotdogs and hamburgers or packs of candy . if you go downtown the game is slow but on downtown there are new objects and restaurants and casinos and hotels . you can open one of those if you win the lottery or something . this game is excellent and kept me busy this cristmas holidays and i reccomend it a lot ! -LRB- please excuse my spelling . grammar and capital letters -RRB- ps . THIS IS THE COOLEST GAME
 I have owned this game for a few weeks . If you have the other expansion packs , the game is better , but slower . Depending on the amount of MB you have , the game may run smooth or very choppy and slow . I find the game very entertaining and exciting , but slow . I recommend this game to anyone who has the Sims ! The downtown area is VERY neat!You have to get this game !
 If you are a fan of the Sims game , this is for you.Creating a downtown area is fun because you have an unlimited budget . Plus the buy icons have been organized into catagories to make it easier to find what your looking for . There are new skins and heads -LRB- true , you can download clothes and items off the internet but they 're never as good as the ones included in the games . -RRB- I would say it 's the best of the three expansion pack since it add a new element -LRB- leaving the home . -RRB- Hopefully in the expanisons packs to come , will be able to go to more places -LRB- maybe to work ? -RRB- If you do n't raise your expectations extreamly high , then you definetly woul n't be dissapointed .
 Well of course i have not played Hot date yet but i just know it is goning to top the other expansion packs . i never get feed up of the sims so now i guess i 'll just have to stay up all night playing it . i have heard that there is a lot more to see and do such as go down town , buy clothes and you can even buy new jammies so you poor olds sims do n't have to wear thoughs minging defaults ones . Oh and for thoughs of you who do n't know what the sims are well firstly you have missed out and secondly you have to buy the sims before you can get hot date . hope you found this useful !!!!!!!
 if you like the sims , get this one as well
 This expansion pack is SOOO much fun ! If you love sims , you have to buy Hot date . Your sims are no longer stranded at home . You can leave the house and go downtown . There are tons of new interactions with people , like multiple kisses and hugs . Talk about interests or gossip . Flirt by sweet talk or growling . Plus , new objects , walls , floors , and more . Defnetly worth it .
 This is an unusually huge expansion pack for any game , and Sims into the Singles scene will not be disappointed . Though less interesting for Sims fans who are more into married life and careers , as always the expansion contains goodies for everyone . It is well worth the price , and at the price that Amazon.com currently has it at , it is a steal .
 Great game ... A must get for those `` sims '' gamers ! Out of the series , Hot Date is by far the best one yet . The whole downtown area has a definite effect on the great game . The technique of dating , and all the new interactions are great and it 's definitly one of the best sims games out there . A good mix of construction , management , interaction , simulation , and great fun ! Interested in good computer games ... The Sims Hot Date is going to be by far one of the best ! GET IT !
 It 's truly addicting ! I do agree that it 's frustrating when the people get stuck though . Sometimes i 'll try to get them to call a cab to go home and they wont go to the phone . Also , I wish it did n't take so long to get food and eat when in restuarants . But overall , it 's great . Just getting all the new items is worth it !
 The expansion set `` Hot Date '' is the best expansion set Electronic Arts has come out with so far . It allows you to take your Sims `` Downtown '' to shop , dine , meet new people and go on dates . You can also design your own downtown buildings without a money limit . It 's a little buggy and sometimes the downtown can get confusing and muddled with all the Sims wandering about , but overall I would reccommend it to anyone who is an avid Simer !
 let me tell you about hot date . as far as new objects go , there are n't really a whole bunch of just awesome stuff , of course there is lots of cool shops and stuff , but there is a BIG BUNDLE of new animations , some of it is pretty trashy , like in the love tub you can wash , cuddle , kiss , or play with the other person in the tub , but its kinda funny , anyway downtown rocks , you can buy cloths food and lots of other cool stuff , i tell ya this game is a must for anybody .
 I find this game a much more sexual game than the rest.It displays more emotion between characters.I would not reccomand it to people under the suggested age limit.Over all , it is a very fun game and I reccomend it !!!!
 This expansion pack is a must for all people who like the origonal . Remember when you first bought the sims and you could n't stop playing it ? Well when you buyHot Date , it happens all over again . You can go downtown and buythem clothes and go out for meals . I wo n't tell you any more because other wise I would have told you it all and you would n't need to buy it . BUY IT !!!
 This is probably the best Sims add on pack to date . It takes the game to a whole new level - - and this time by offering more than just cool items to add to the house ... Though I 've been addicted to the game for what feels like a lifetime -LRB- remember what life was like before the PC and VCRS ? Ca n't imagine what life was like before the Sims either ! -RRB- I have to say that this is the one I 've been waiting for ... now you can take your Sims out of the house and they can hang out and mix and mingle down town . -LRB- This was the one thing I felt missing when I first got the game ... that and a pet dog ... -RRB- Though it would be nice in future versions if it would be possible for them to freely walk around the neighborhood and freely go out visiting , or even play online ... this is the best its gotten yet and the Sims was already great.EA Games are brilliant . They take a great idea , and just when it starts to wear thin , come out with an expansion pack that expands the fun . - - This is `` playing house '' and virtual reality taken to a whole new level . . and although HOT DATE can be mildly risque at times -LRB- now , not only can you kiss , but there are different types of kisses to add to that vibrating love bed ... -RRB- its nice to have a video game that does n't involve winding labrynths , machine guns , 3 lives , and endless caves and caverns.All in all , this is a must have for the exhuberent Sims-a-haulic . . You 'll never watch TV or play Nintendo again !
 I initially balked at getting THE SIMS EXPANSION
 The newest expansion for the revolutionary game The Sims doubles your fun by finally allowing your characters to go out into the world and interact with people or go on dates in downtown locales such as restaurants , nightclubs , clothing stores and the beach . You can build stores as well , but they give you just about everything you need right off the bat , so you 're pretty much left with building weird looking stuff that already exists.The installation -LRB- once it stopped crashing -RRB- also gives you more options for interaction -LRB- you can kiss fiery , nicely , peck , etc. -RRB- and you can improve a sim 's interests in something by reading magazines , increasing their chances with more people they come in contact with . great stuff , and , like the expansions before it , totally necessary and right on time .
 This game is as great as all the Sims expansion packs . However , we found it interesting that on the box , CD case , and accompanying installation guide EA states that it supports Win 95/98 only . I 'm running Win 98 and could not get it to work . Apparently I have a CD drive incompatibility issue -LRB- which includes a HUGE list of CD drives that are n't compatible with the new game , including ALL Plextor drives - see EA 's Sims web site for the info ... -RRB- and could not get it to run on my Win98 system . However , on my husbands Win2K system he was able to load it and it runs flawlessly . Interesting . We 're upgrading me to Win2K and believe that will remove the CD drive incompatibility issue . But be prepared -- you may run into some quirks . -LRB- ... -RRB- . But if you get it to run ... it 's a GREAT game !!
 To all the people who said the game was slow ... . I do n't exactly have the fastest computer but it works just fine on my computer . I only have a Pentium 266 with 96 megs of ram . It 's strange because the box says minimum of a Pentium 300 . And they recommend 128 megs of ram . All I do is close everything except explorer and systray and it works great ! It 's not slow at all . I love this game ! If it did n't work , I was going to upgrade my computer , that 's how much I love the Sims ! : -RRB-
 The Sims
 This is a great addition to your game . While past expansions have simply offered new objects , jobs and skins . Hot Date takes it up a notch by introducing a whole new enviroment . Now instead of mearly sitting around the house , your sims can now roam around downtown to their hearts content . This also adds a multitude of new social interactions such as leap into arms , or snuggle together at the couch as opposed of the traditional five hugs in a row to get those relationship points up . The only evident downside is that with the new interactions it now gets harder for your sims to get to the level of marriage . However that is only a minor detail , and only requires a little bit of work to surpass . Overall a great game .
 The new game sims hot date , is so cool because u can shop , drink at bars , go to the beach and buy lots of things . U can also meet lots of new people , they can become u friends or family . This game is going to be so cool . I ca n't wait till it comes out .
 Every Sims games that I 've played are awsome , I have n't played this one yet , but surely if my Dad get 's it for Christmas , everyday I will have shifts back , and forth to all the games . I can imagine that this will be the best one yet .
 I preordered this item and i cant wait to get it . OMG , it is going to rule . i have a friend who just got it and she said it is soooooooooooooo kewl .
 Hot Date looks great ! I have n't got the chance to play . But looking at it , it has to be as great as the other expansion packs . I ca n't wait to get it .
 This game was so cool . It was just so sweet.The town was awesome .
 Of course i have n't played the game yet , but by looking at the sims web site i must say this is one hot sims game ! I plan on getting it as soon as it comes out , truely a must have for a sims fan or even for a sims enemy !
 This is the third expansion pack for The Sims game and I 'm still hooked . This one has changed the format , and you can now take your Sim to a downtown area , which comes populated with approximately thirty Townies to pick up , seduce , hang out with , marry , and fight with , according to your proclivities.It 's lots of fun . The downtown facilities as they come with the game are rather dreary , but I assume you 're into destroying and rebuilding things , or you would n't be playing The Sims in the first place , so I do n't consider that a problem . There are new skins , objects , walls , floors , the usual Maxis goodie grab-bag ... as well as new interactions between the Sims . Making friends is different with this pack and initially I found it harder , but basically it comes down to a couple of things ... do n't get touchy-feely with Sims who do n't like you , especially if you 're stinky , and apart from talking , do n't repeat the same action , for example , the same hug , more than a couple of times in the same time period . There 's some new surprises , some new laughs , and new playthings.Be warned on a couple of points . If you have all the packs installed , the game devours RAM . Clunky old computers , beware . If you 're used to playing without using the cheat code , it 's tricky to learn skills , keep jobs to earn money , keep motives high , make and keep friends for promotions , and still find time to go downtown . And the game does have a few bugs . From what I can tell a fair number of the bugs are the result of some user-made modifications which are no longer compatible with this pack . I 've been lucky , but I have had the ` cuddle-couch ' one , where one Sim gets stuck in a booth or couch when they 're cuddling . Unnerving , the first time that happened , I thought my Sim 's date had died . And just when they were getting along so well , too ! And the Townies do have a maddening habit of stopping dead in their tracks and getting in the way . Kinda like real people . But the problems are n't that big a deal , a few small annoyances in hours of play , and all in all , it 's very well done .
 I just bought Hot Date yesterday ... and it is a MUST buy for all SIMS fans . It is by far the most fun and enjoyable expansion pack ever made for the PC classic . You 're no longer limited to just the house and work . . because now the Sims can go Downtown . If you do n't like the areas they provide for you . . you can add what ever kind of shop or restaraunt . . or whatever you want . This game comes with 125 + new objects , and a bunch of new and cool skins . There are only a few minor glitches in this game . Sometimes my Sim or its date freeze and its kinda annoying . . but it rarely happens . I took advice from other messages and turned the graphics all the way down on low . . and it works great . I heard that Hot Date slowed down your computer a lot ... but I guess it just depends on what kind of comp you have . When I first installed it , it took a few minutes to go downtown . . but now you I do n't even have to wait !! I give this game the highest recommendation ever !! BUY BUY BUY !!
 Being one of the most addictive games that I have ever played , I could n't possibly see what another expansion pack could add . However , ` Hot Date ' adds a whole new dimension to the game . For one there is the downtown area , which is fantastic . This means that you can go on dates with other sims , meet new sims downtown , go out for meals , to a bar and lots more . In downtown there are several new characters to meet , such as the blonde bombshell and the lounge lizard . The new social interactions that come with ` Hot Date ' are probably the best part . Now there are several different ways to talk , joke , hug and kiss , all with different reactions . Obviously the makers had a sense of humour because over-excessive interactions such as leaping into another 's arms are great fun to watch . All of this really adds a whole new dimension to an already great game . Plus , now that your sims have interests -LRB- which they change by reading various magazines -RRB- , it 's a lot more challenging to meet and get along with someone . For instance , it 's incredibly difficult to fall in love with someone after one date only , although new items such as the love seat and the picnic certainly help!The only small thing I would say is that there are barely any new objects for use in the home , which makes it a little tedious once you have tired with the downtown area . However , the fact that you can build your own downtown area on an unrestricted budget means that you wo n't get bored of it for a very long time . There is also the interesting addition of the first animal character , a bear that will react appropriately to your teddies and bearskin rugs . Just like ` House Party ' , ` Hot Date ' is another winner .
 The Sims was an excellent game , but one problem was that you could never get your Sims to travel anywhere outside their house whilst still controlling them . Hotdate does two things which make it a fantastic expansion pack :1 . It gives the opportunity to combine the gameplay or The Sims with earlier Sim games like SimCity by creating other environments than their house for them to interact in .2 . It 's always fun to get a little love interest going , and this makes it even easier , more realistic and fun.It 's a perfect companion to the original game and it 's expansion packs . I always hoped we 'd have to opportunity to take our Sims elsewhere , and now we can , making the game even more appealing .
 Spice up the romantic life of your sims -LRB- and maybe yourself ! -RRB- with this fun expansion for your Sims Game . Your sims take on a whole new set of actions , plus you get fun new items for home . And an entirely new downtown area is available to explore!First , the advantages for your regular Sim play . There are all sorts of new interaction choices ! Your range of kisses has grown immensely , you can flirt in new and fun ways with people . Keeping your group of friends is now much more fun.There are a bunch of new items for your sims to use and enjoy in their homes . You can take a picnic basket to your back yard or hang out in the Love Tub . You can buy candy or chocolates , carry it in your inventory and give them to your true love!If you 're tired of staying at home , now there 's an entirely new downtown area ! Just call a cab , you can even invite a friend to come along with you . Head down to the beach and enjoy the sand . Go shopping for a teddy bear in the mall . Play pinball or stop by the ice cream stand . It 's great to watch your Sims have some fun out of that same house you stare at every day!I find that I mostly enjoy the added features in the home life - the way my interactions at home are so enriched . I like going downtown occasionally , but the core of my playing is still at home . It really does add to the game though , and you 'll find that you start thinking in sim-thought with your own real live family ! Suddenly you realize just how important those kisses and hugs are to keeping everybody happy . Hopefully you 'll start doing them more often , which is a good result from a game !
 This is probally going to be one of the last expansions packs for The Sims , simply because Maxis will soon -LRB- after the Sims Online , and Hot Date -RRB- be comeing out with The Sims 2 . Why are they doing this , you may be asking ? Every new expansion pack you add onto your computer is like another game , and eats up a ton and 1/2 of memory for those who do n't have up-to-date computers . This means that with Hot Date , the expansion packs will amount up to 4 regular games -- and many computers can not handel that . Speaking of which , just a reminder . You must have The Sims , Living Large , and House Party for this expansion pack to work.Maxis had planned on giving the option of having sims visit other sims houses , but they found this would interfere with the game 's progress on another household , which makes that dream an impossibility . Instead , Maxis has a new option available
 I have Windows XP and on the game box it says it only runs under Windows 95 or 98 . But when I installed it onto my computer , it ran fine.I got Hot Date as part of the Sims Collection 2 pack - that has The Sims , Livin Large , Hot Date and Vacation all in one pack . It runs with The Sims Deluxe Edition Cd , so no worries.Onto the game . It 's great - it was the first Sims expansion pack to go outside the house . There is a new downtown area , that your Sims can go to by calling for a taxi.Pros of the game :1 -RRB- New objects ! There are over 125 new items , and they 're all fun . I love furnishing my house and making my own downtown areas , so it 's all good .2 -RRB- New ways to interact with other Sims . It 's much easier to maintain a good relationship with fellow Sims with Hot Date , as it gives you about 20 new ways to interact . First , there was just Kiss , now you can choose how you kiss -LRB- Suave , Polite , Peck , Romantic or Passionate -RRB- . It 's the same with Hug -LRB- Friendly , Intimate , Romantic or Leap Into Arms -RRB- , and so on .3 -RRB- The downtown area ! It 's fantastic ! You can take your Sims shopping down there , with clothes shops and gift shops . You can buy clothes for yourself , or buy a gift for a friend . You can meet new Non-Playable Characters named Townies , who you can fall in love with -LRB- a good way to get lots of Family Friends is to marry a Townie they have about 30 ! -RRB- . You can take a date , and go to dinner , and cuddle in the booths . The possibilites are endless.If I kept going , I 'd rave on for hours , so I 'll stop here and let you discover it for yourself.Cons :1 -RRB- The only con is that the downtown areas take FOREVER to load , it sits on the red screen with the taxi on it for about two or three minutes . It does this with Vacation too , and it really annoys me.Apart from the slow loading , this expansion pack is totally worth it . If you 're getting bored of the normal Sims , get this and make it fun again !
 Downtown is a neutral location , so to speak , where dates happen . Hot Date is about being in Downtown with your date . Just like you can with a house , but on a larger scale , you 'll be able to build Downtown into whatever you want , creating different parks , restaurants , clubs , shops , and other venues . Downtown will look very different from your original neighborhood -- picture a street of small boutique shops and restaurants -- and will also have its own nonplayer characters -LRB- NPCs -RRB- . Many of the components are new and fit into the style of a downtown district but can also be added to your homes if you wish . Aside from the building of Downtown itself , the new expansion will involve the social interaction between two Sims . In the regular game , you get to directly control the members of your household . If people are hungry , you make them eat . If they need sleep , you make them sleep . But in Hot Date , you control only one Sim , the one who initiates the date . That Sim follows your commands , and you can control him or her throughout Downtown . Although you 'll have a companion on your date , you wo n't have direct control over that person . He or she can leave at any time if he or she is bored . If he 's hungry , and you do n't feed him , he can just get up and walk out on the date . The challenge of the game comes in keeping the date interested in you and indirectly controlling how he or she acts . So if that date is hungry , you 'll need to bring her to a restaurant where she can order food . If she 's bored , you might bring her to a dance club . Hot Date 's style of gameplay is different from that of the Sims . Now , instead of controlling people directly , you can nudge them along only by picking up on their motivations and then using your controllable Sim to lead them to interaction spots where they can meet those needs.The point of the date is to keep the two people -- one you control and one you lead -- on the date as long as possible to see all the cool things in Downtown . There are various social interaction rewards laced throughout the game . Fans of the Sims will recall the `` love bed '' reward , which you receive if you can get two Sims to make out on the love bed together . In Hot Date , there will be plenty of rewards of that nature . If you manage to keep the date interested throughout the evening , you 'll be rewarded with lots of cuddling and making out . Maxis says that the gameplay is controlling one person and using that person to meet the needs of your date , getting him or her to follow you to reward places . Of course , like in much of real life , the way you get your date to follow you is by taking out your wallet . Everything costs money in Downtown . You need to pay to get into clubs , buy food at restaurants , and buy items when shopping . By using your money , you can boost your date 's mood -- once you 've picked up on what motivates him or her , of course . In the regular game , if you want to meet a Sim 's need for nice food , you might buy an expensive refrigerator . Of course , on a date , you can instead just go out and buy food for your date and thus meet his or her expensive food needs . By using Downtown , you can thus satiate the appetites of Sims , but without having to buy permanent solutions for them , like the fridge.To actually get a date going , you can go to Downtown and just pick up a datable NPC hanging out there . Or you can invite a Sim to a date over the phone . With Hot Date , a new option will be granted when talking to Sims on the phone
 I 'll admit it , this was my first expansion pack ever , and because first impressions last longer , I was fascinated by it since I had no other Expansion Pack to compare it to at the time.The Sims Hot Date is by far , the most creative expansion pack ever , followed by House Party and Superstar . I personally , use it to target Sims and create love triangles , the typical boy meets girl -LRB- and the other way around as well -RRB- . The Sims Hot Date , by hearsay , is probably desired mainly to `` invite '' other sims home from a first date or a first time experience of hanging out with that sim . Just as in reality -LRB- hopefully -RRB- , that move is far too quick and `` smooth '' and eventually the Sim 'll just walk away in disgust which 'll result in your relationship with them going down.This expansion pack is probably the first ever to enable travelling to other lots where a lot of relations can be made between other sims . It 's really helpful , especially if you 've got the House Party expansion pack , and that 'd truly be a night to remember , though I do n't know whether Townies -LRB- non-neighbor sims -RRB- by default also arrive at the party , but special invitation i.e. using the phone that one extra time to invite them over 'll do the trick.I recommend the Sims Hot Date , it 's pretty different , and I ca n't imagine my Sim life without it .
 I was excited about `` Hot Date '' because of the ability to take others to a new downtown area . I soon found out , however , that this aspect of the game is rather disappointing . So far , the downtown area has been slow-moving , with all the people walking around . And eating at a restaurant takes HOURS.What 's worth the extra money is mostly the new social interactions . For instance , there are several different types of kissing
 PERFECT QUALITY , GOT IT FAST ! JUST LIKE HOW I REMEMBERED WHEN I USED TO PLAY YEARS AGO ... I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS FOR ALL AGES , YOUNG AND OLDER :-RRB- IT IS VERY ADDICTING LOL ALSO , THIS PRODUCT WORKS FINE WITH WINDOWS 7 , I THOUGHT IT WOULD BUT WAS WORRIED BUT OF COURSE , NO PROBLEMS ! SPECIAL THANK YOU TO THE SELLER ! CHEAP BUT EXCELLENT PRODUCT ! WORRY-FREE : -RRB-
 Sims hot date is an excellent expansion to an already good game , it gives players a new downtown and the abilit to date and you know what else . This expansion was huge , and it gives you abilities such as the ability to ask if she or he wants to go home with you , the only problem is that they did n't put enough dates in and most of the time all you see is your annoying neighbors , good game .
 I love the game , and how entertaing it is . When you see all the new things , and places they can visit while interacting with other Sims it is fun . I love the creative way they show how they love the date , or if it is not to their liking . For a few hours you can forget the cares of this life , and just have fun .
 This latest edition to my library made the gaming experience more complete and enjoyable
 I really loved this game . I 've been playing it for a long time . I try not to stay on too long . But , `` Thesims Hotdate '' is real great ! I mean , finally somewhere to go ! In the regular sims and sims houseparty and also sims living large you always had to keep your sim at home ! BORINGGGG ! But now , they added a downtown . Definitely more objects to get and you also get to buy clothes downtown ! But it kind of would have been much better if you got to get casual clothes downtown . Downtown you get to buy clothes but the only categories you get to choose from is formal , swimsuit , -LRB- and now they have winterwear ; since they have thesims Vacation -RRB- and then pajamas . But who would really want to just go to the store without actually buying clothes ? But do n't worry about it . It 's a real fun game ! And you get to go on dates and hangout with sims . And more interactions !!!!!! It 's cool ! Believe me . But what I 'm really looking forward to getting is sims superstar and thesims online . Okay , definitely a lot of people did n't like thesims online , but it would n't hurt to try right ? But sims hotdate is real fun ! Try it ! U sim lovers !
 Ah ! Finally we get out of the houses ! Now to downtown ! This is a normal downtown , just like in big cities ! Shops , diners , bars , and dance clubs fill this paradise ! Also fun are the workers downtown , and tons more NPC 's . The best part is building . If you do n't , then you 're missing out on one hell of a lot of stuff to do ! Amazing are the new interactions ! With dozens of new human interactions , you 'll never get tired of charming your date ! Also , the hot tubs are fun ! Get it !
 First of all , if you do not own the Sims , GET IT ! Now you might be better off getting the deluxe version . Anyway , this has to be my favorite expansion pack out of the ones I own -LRB- Livin ' Large , House Party , Hot Date and Vacation -RRB- . It offers so much new stuff than the previous expansion packs . It lets you take your Sims downtown on a date or just for fun . There 's tons of new object and people interactions , new objects , decorating themes , and more ! You wo n't regret buying this !
 This game is great . It was the first expansion I got , and it sure added a lot to the experience . There are so many new interactions , and it 's fun to watch the Sims ' reactions whether they like the interaction or not!The downtown area is a cool , it 's fun to try to make the perfect lot . And what 's even better is you do n't have to worry about money when building towntown , nothing costs anything ! So you can go crazy for free!The new careers on this expansion are really intersting , and the new items have so many interactions that even after playing this expansion for months , I 'm still getting surprises.Anyway , I highly recommend this expansion , but be forewarned
 I got this game last saturday and it is amazing.It actually took me a while to get used to some of the new things like how buy mode is set out.Now i think that it ` s much better this way.The love seat etc are really cool and make the game much more interesting.The daily and life bars make things mre difficult becaise you have to spend alot of time trying to make them fall in love or make friends on the life bar.But the good thing is even if they are n`t in love on the life bar they will still sleep in the same bed and stuff.Unfortunatly the game has bugs on the first night i got it the game froze twice and i ` ve been told it is the worst game for doing that.I reconmend that you do n`t play it for long than an hour as both times i ` d been playing it for about 2 hours.All in all it ` s a great game , and i would reconmend it.it ` s way better than livin it up.I ` m hoping to get the sims and the sims unleashed at my mums though.The fact that they can actually leave their homes and go downtown and date is probably the best thing about the game and also the new characters and skins a pretty good.you should get this expansion pack before any other .
 This is really a packed pack . It has so many new features and it really does enhance the game . Unlike House Party , this game does live up to what EA -LRB- Electronic Arts -RRB- has been bragging about . I reccomend it 100 % ! It has so many features such as Going downtown -LRB- a HUGE highlight of the game -RRB- cuddle couches , MUCH more organized buying catalog , and , best of all , sweeter ways to kiss good-bye to your spouse before the go off to work . LoL . So , as I had said , you really have to get this !
 This is the best one yet -LRB- refer to title -RRB- . Because you can to another place with your sim instead of just staying in your house all the time . I also love the way you can remodel or start from the ground up . The guide book that goes with it is very helpful too . Any sims fan will love this !
 I love this game . I have to admit I was a little disappointed with House Party - although it was fun , it did n't really suit my `` taste '' of the Sims . And let 's face it , the best thing about the Sims is the ability to personalize your game to suit your needs ! I absolutely LOVE the new interactions - some of them are so adorable . It takes longer to make friends , so it will take longer to get your Sims promoted , but it is more realistic - have you ever made a lifelong friend in two hours ?? Well , now you ca n't in the Sims either ! I 've read a couple of reviews that say they are disappointed in the amount of objects for the Sims home , but I do n't think that 's what this expansion is about . One warning
 This game offers so much . If you buy it , make sure you have a weekend to play because you wo n't want to leave your computer . There 's so much to do and if you 're a fan of the Sims then you know what I 'm talking about .
 Heres my story.At first , before I bought this game , my parents were a little skeptical . They had heard that the sims could perform some `` dirty '' actions in this game . After alot of reasoning they let me get it and after playing it I realized , sure they could perform some `` dirty '' actions but the only my friends and I play is to make the houses with all the cool new furniture you can get . So for kids around 11 or 12 years old . Even though this game has some sexual content in it , I 'm sure most of us , sim-adicts only play it for the houses and for the love of the game .
 I am a serious `` Sims Freak '' so I was desparate to purchase the new Hot Date Expansion pack . Once I got it , I did n't have too much trouble installing it as I had been warned I woould . I followed the install directions that came with the game , and it was as simple as installing any of the other expansion packs . I did , at first , have trouble in getting some of my families to go downtown . It seemed they did n't have the option to `` Call Cab '' on their phones , for some odd reason . But the more I played , the better the game performed . I think this is the best expansion pack yet ! I 'm anxious to see what the next expansion will be .
 This is the best expansoin yet ! I also wanted more for my sims . -LRB- malls , bars , parks , resturants . -RRB- I got it the day it came out and I play it EVERY day!Don ' t listen to everybody else who says its bad
 Your sims finally get to get out of the house and explore the new downtown area . They can go out on a date to a fancy restaurant or just go to the mall and hang out . You also get a whole bunch of new interaction options such as talking about gossip or asking them how they are doing . When you kiss someone , do you want to give them a small peck or a fiery kiss ? You get to choose . Make sure that your computer matches the recommendations , or it could run slow .
 For those Sim addicts such as myself , this is a cool game . Tons of things to do downtown - beach , nightclub , restaurants and much more . That 's once you can actually play the game that is . The main drawback to this expansion pack and all the others are the bugs . The game is filled with annoying little bugs that causes lock ups and crashes . If you buy the game , keep checking the Maxis website for a patch .
 ... playing The Sims with this new expansion pack . I was disappointed with the last expansion pack , House Party , so I was skeptical about buying this one . But so far this new version is great ! I 'm so glad I bought it ; makes the game much more enjoyable . I will need to buy some more memory for my computer though , because this expansion pack has definitely slowed my computer down .
 My daughters and I have been avid fans of The Sims since the game came out . One of our only complaints was that the Sims were limited to their own neighborhoods and never had an opportunity to really go out and have fun.Well , our Sims have finally been liberated . The highs and lows of dating are now a cab ride away . Excuse me , I have to get ready for a hot date .
 I am 13 years old and I have been a Sim fan ever since the 1st Sims came out , I have devoted my life into playing The Sims.The 1st Sims got me so pressed when I was n't playing the game I was always thinking of it , the computer was in my bro 's room in that time . Then The Sims Livin Large Expansion Pack out we were all for it , we bought it and played of hours , we knew the $ BLING BLING$ code so we were LIVIN LARGE!Then my bro got another computer , we got the computer in our room so we could play any time we want.Then my sister and I , who is 14 , said `` I Wonder what 's next . '' Then House Party came out , we went crazy when we bought it.I loved the new items and the techno music the most ! Then we both said `` Thats all for the Sims games . Then I was lookin at the daily Sims sites I saw a site that I havent seen before , then I scrolled down and there it was THE SIMS HOT DATE , my sister was at summer intensive class when I saw it , I put it on my favorites and waited till she came home , we always knew there was goin to be a game where we could leave the house ! Our dreams have come true Aug 14 . I recomend this came for anyone who wants to control lives , and feel the sparks of life ! So November 13 is the big day for me !
 I ca n't wait until Hot Date comes out , I go around to different websites reading about it and this is what I ` v come up with , The Hot Date is a whole new world in sim dating , there 's a downtown were u can meet people and go on dates , u can go to places like , restaurants , -LRB- like the 50 's diner or a cheap fast food place -RRB- , u can also take ur date to the dance clubs or a bar , but if u get too close to ur date an old lady comes up and smacks u with her bag , u can also take ur date to the beach to have a nice picnic , or recite poetry , or u can also go to the park to race boats or feed the fish , u can also take ur date shopping and buy him/her a stuffed bear or some flowers , ect . U dont have to go downtown with a date , u can also go alone if u wan na have a bite to eat or buy urself some new cloths . There 's gon na be over 100 new items for ur house and downtown , there 's also gon na be new skins and a bunch more , Hot Date is gon na be the coolest sim EP EVER !!!!!!!!!!!! I cant wait until it comes out ! And I recommend this game and other great sim games to every one !!!!!!!
 Ok , I do n't exactly have this game yet , but it looks really awesome . I have both livin ' large , and house party , and they are both great . Although , with all games , they get boring after a while . So , what better than an expansion pack to make things more interesting ?! I 'll be waiting , very excitedly , til november ... : -RRB-
 My daughter loves any sims game . Over the monthes that I 've been watching her play , I 've been hooked no watching her . I recomend this game for 9 and up . -LCB- If you do n't want your child watching romantic kisses then they should n't play or watch this game -RCB- From the animated people 's view there 's lots of kissing , huging , and pasion for the other anamated person . -LCB- Do n't worry people in this game can not be , or get gay it 's not that unepropet I may add . -RCB- My daughters also fight on who gets to play it . I should probally mention that after you get the game going , you can take it out and put it in another computer so that another person can play at the same time , and get this it does n't mess up the game when you do this , which I think is very cool . So have fun playing this very interesting game . I hope you enjoy it as much as I do .
 Well this sims game that maxis created is the best game ever because u get to flip your cards and see what your life is going to be later on in life and for you oldies like grannys and gramps you get to play around and pretend your young again !!!!!!!!!!!! so thank you Maxis !!!!
 I love the Sim line of games , and the Sims are addicting as usual . It took me a while to get the hang of downtown , and it is painfully slow . But it does run on Windows 2000 and is fun .
 i do n't have it yet but i know it is great like all of maxis games the reason i like this games is i like the way the games is desighted when i play maxis game i feel like i am in another world i love to play your games thank you will wright for makeing my dream come ture
 I have the game and belive me it worth it to buy.Its the best game ever created by EA Games it has the most things to do this time you wont be bored out with your computer NOOO !!!! its going to keep you awake throw the night untill the next day because their so much fun things to do that its not like the other ones that you only told to do this and they did it but got bored of the same stuff over & over & over ; NOO this one has more fun in to it . MAKE THEM KNOW YOUR THE BOSS !!!!
 This is the best game Maxis has come out with ! I will sooooooo buy it . Thanks 4 the Sims
 I am a big fan of the sim games an expansions , but the new one out -LRB- Hot Date -RRB- is really hard to find on shelves in stores . some people are telling me to order online , but i dont want to wait that long ; should i go to the store and keep looking for a game or should i just order it online and pay the extra money ?
 This game was awsome fun ! I greatly enjoy making restraunts , town squares , and making my sims fall deeply in LOVE ! AN EXCELLENT BUY !
 Look , all of those who remember first playing the original The Sims thought that it was great , but when they recieved Livin ' Large , it was like , `` Oh my God ! How could that game survive without the EP ? '' The same was held true to House Party . From all that I have heard , Hot Date is supposed to be even better than those two . So , yeah , who can wait for that game after experiancing the first two EPs ? The same will be for Simsville I 'm sure .
 I 've had The Sims scince February 2000 , Livin ' Large scince August 2000 , and House Party scince July 2001 . I ca n't wait to add this game to my collection !
 hi i 'm almost 14 years old and i love the sims , i 'm from Holland and i have to wait much longer before i can buy the sims Hot Date . I hope that we also can buy it soon . I think it 's -LRB- just like all the other games -RRB- a very great game , i love it . So buy it when you can .
 I know my sims im an expert -LRB- ... -RRB- and ive been playing the sims ever since i was 4 . so i know my stuff this is one of the best expantions yet ! -LRB- ... -RRB- play it youll not be dissapointed ! -LRB- ... -RRB- i love this game ! im waiting for the sims 2 to come out youll see my review under kerry person ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 the sims hot date was a really cool game with all its loving but i have only played the sims before and theres so much cool er stuff like love beds where sims get busy and buses to go down town to your own shops and the third story of the houses its just really great , im hoping for the 2003 christmas i will own the sims hot date and the sims superstar
 This game is really fun you get to date and its really fun cause u can see what your life is going to be like later or something like it . you ge to pick where they go and do everthing you get to wine and dine !
 I love all the rest of the sims i have all 3 i rocomend them all to anyone i am 13 years old !! The names of them are sims sims linin and large and sims house partythey are all the best computer games in the hole world everyoen i knoiw has one or all threebuy them tey are great
 When i first found the sims it was in my dad 's office.I looked at it i was amazed : it was the present i was dreaming of for years and years and now i had it in my hands it was mine , all mine !!! I did ` nt ask him for it but he just bought it like that but did i tell you that it was only the sims original -LRB- because you need the sims original , Deluxe , Double Deluxe or Sims 2 to make an expansion pack work.So i became a BIG fan of sims and my first expansion pack that i had for my Birthday was The Sims
 First man walks on the moon then man walks on the moon again then along comes the sims hot date ! But come on Maxis This is expansion pack number 3 ! livin ` it large was good house party was crap and i stopped playing after a day and hot date well it sounds good but so did house party and look at that . Maxis you started off with good games like simcity 3000 and the sims but now you just want MONEY ! Maxis have sims hotdate , simsville , simsgolf , simsonline and yet another simcity ! Now ARE THEY JUST TRYING TO BRING US GOOD GAMES OR TRYING TO MAKE MONEY ! HAVE A THINK ABOUT THAT !
 OMG !! This is terrific !! Release date is just around the time I get my government rebate check ! Time to get a bigger hard drive , too ! This expansion sounds like Maxis ' best effort yet ! I 'm ordering NOW ! Where do I sign ? Give it to me ! Give it to me ! Give it to me ! Got ta have it ! Got ta have it ! Got ta have it ! I 'm ok .
 I love the new Hot Date Expantion pack because yo do n't just stay in the same old boring house with the same people , you et to go downtown and hang out there . You can shop , go drink at a bar , go to the park and the beach . While you 're their you can also try to ask some hot girls on a hot date like the mall , maybe for pizza or even kissing secretly in the alleys . You can also go to your house and stay there . This is one fun game that you would want to play , and it is comming near you on November 2001 . It is only ... , get it for your birthday that is what I am doing .
 Well , it 's that time of year when the fantastic people at Maxis create and release a new Sims expansion that blows us away . Hot Date seems to be the best of the bunch . When you can go into a town , the games seems that much better . Do n't you agree ? My best friend and i have to agree on this after looking at the screen shots on thesims.com . The are amazing . Though I have not played Hot Date , it is sure to be a winner . 4 thumbs up from us . Botom line ... GET IT SOON !
 Hey ! I have bought The Sims , Sims livin large , and sims house party . I was so excited when my friend told me that Sims Hot Date was coming out November 13th . It was really awesome going on line today and seeing that it was going to be different and very cool ! I read previews , reviews , and even the box cover and said , I have to go get Sims Hot Date or i 'll be the saddest person on earth !!!!! I hope you want it 2 !!! Buhbye !!!! Luv ya lots !!!! Love , Stefanie
 I like it is great , even though I have n't played it yet .
 This is probely the best holder you can get right now it has a strap so you dont have to carry it in your hand . I can get 2AA batterys and 2 games in one pocket and my system and a game in the other but if you want a free one of these buy a Gameboy Advanced at toysrus and they give you this holder for free .
 I bought this holster and it is great . It is just what I wanted and is VERY INEXPENSIVE !!
 I dont like that you have to drag your GBAs screen past the zipper to remove it from the pack , But thats my ONLY complaint with it . Its meant to carry and protect your GBA , and it does it well . Hey guys Im sorry you couldnt fit grandmas cadillac and the kitchen sink in there with it but it is a great GBA protector , and I havent gotten a single scratch on my screen since using it . It tucks in close to the body and didnt come off at 100 + MPH on a motorcycle . I cant imagine using another case .
 This must be one of the graitest GBA accessories that is or ever will or ever will be . I got it free with my Game Boy Advance but I would have payed at least $ 20.00 for it . The case fits the GBA perfectly aside from how close the screen comes to the zipper . It also has enough room to hold a few games and the adjustable shoulder strap fits well . It is also convenient to have the belt strap , which I use alot . You have to get one of these !
 This item is EXACTLY the same as the ZIP around , except that it has one more pocket and a sholder strap . There 's nothing else to it ! But whats cool
 I can carry 3 Instruction booklets on one side , 8 AA batteries on the other with one game , and the GBA i the middle ! I totally disagree to ANYONE who says that this horrible for 14.00 dollars . You can even detatch the bag from the shoulder part ! This is great , and only for 14.00 ! The only trouble I had was that I did n't know how to put it on .
 I really think this shoulder holster is a great idea for Gameboy Advance because now you do n't have to worry about leaving the usual case without straps somewhere and forgeting about it .
 Hi everybody . I got this case today , and it is the best case in the world . When I went to the airport , it felt like it was n't even there !!! It is very light , nice color , but it does n't have that much storage , but it is still great !!!
 ... Yes , it 's ... a case for the game and a couple of games but if you do n't need all the other space and want a compact solution ... gofer it . It 's comfortable and holds the GBA is a secure , sleek , position .
 Paperboy 2 is nearly identical in game-play to the first Paperboy except that this one also features a Papergirl character you can pick as well as more wacky obstacles to get in your way of delivering the morning paper to your subscribers.Also different is that you now can deliver paper to the other side of the street . The graphics are n't as sharp as the first one -LRB- which was originally an arcade game released in 1984 -RRB- and there are no voice samples.But there is more mischief to be had as you can cause a car to fall on top of a guy doing some repairs , splash some water on a bikini babe , knock over trash cans , as well as breaking windows -LRB- like the first game -RRB- . Both the boy and girl character play and handle exactly the same -LRB- it would 've been nice had they each been given different abilities -RRB- . Overall a fun and ` mindless ' game to break a few windows and knock over some trash cans but can get challenging if you want to build up your subscriber base .
 i love paper boy it remindes me of being a kid again and it was pretty cheap to purchase !!! .
 No issues . Works great . Reminded me of when i was a kid . Now our kids love to play it . : -RRB-
 I used to rent this from the local grocery store over and over as a child . Most sales here are cartridge only on this sort of system but you can find boxes for cheap enough through eBay anymore .
 I played this game as a kid and was psyched to find it again . Fun -LRB- can get a little repetitive -RRB- but overall I am so glad to have it !
 Just as I remembered . This brings back soooo many memories of my youngest son who is now 27 ! We had so much fun playing this game !!
 I am totally blown away by todays technology ! Imagine , being able to sit and enjoy a favorite , full-length , motion picture , like `` Shrek 2 '' on your GameBoy Advance system ! Well , you can!Shrek 2 . Rated PG . Starring Mike Myers , Eddie Murphy , Cameron Diaz , Julie Andrews , Antonio Banderas , John Cleese , Jennifer Saunders , Rupert Everett . Dreamworks Video . 92 minutes.Enjoy the entire , full-length motion picture `` Shrek 2 '' , on your GBA . Perfect to take along on travel , vacations.This happy customer gives this GBA Movie two thumbs way up !
 The movie was interesting and great to have for road trips , but when I was watching it , My DS power light went red and my charger light -LRB- No charger in there -RRB- was orange and the sound started blaring , wich scared me . The movie was good , but the graphics were sketchy and the sound was off . I 'd give this a 7/10 .
 I was doubtful this would play as well as a dvd but it did . Best thing is it helps car rides go smoothly .
 Bought this one to see what quality was like . It was pretty good , the kids think it 's cool to watch their own movie . Still not as good as a protable DVD , and they have really compressed film !!
 I believe that the X in the title means compatible with Mac OSX , though it is listed as a Win game . A look on the net shows that this is likely to be true .
 I recently bought `` Ghost Recon
 It would be a diservice to compare this game to other games such as Navy Seals and Medal of Honor . I will treat this game on it 's own merit and game play . I really enjoyed the first Ghost Recon game immensely , but I thought , I wish I could use a headset to speak commands . Well , they must 've heard me because you can with this game !! It 's fun to tell my guys what to do . I like that you can switch to different characters on the fly . If you are playing and get seriously injured well , you can switch to a healthy one to lead . And the injured one actually moves as if he is really injured !! Now that 's awesome . Graphics are really good . Especially the one where you are in the rain and it 's foggy . Awesome . Visibility is very low and you have to rely on your sensor to tell where bad guys are or potentially are . A few time 's I 've reverted to using my night vision in the day when visibility is compromised . So , you can improvise in this game . I see by many other reviewers that they 've not thought as highly as I have about this game . But , I can tell you , I 've enjoyed it so much , I want to just keep on going . And now they got Ghost Recon 2 !! I ca n't wait to get my hands on that one as well !!
 This game is very cool ! I love Tom Clancy games ; that 's why I bought this one . The story and gameplay are excellent ! The bad part about this game is that when you 're playing with the headset you have to talk very clearly ; if dont , your team members -LRB- that you control -RRB- do n't understand you . Another problem is that the bad guys are very stupid ! But that 's not too bad . I took 1 star away because the graphics are sometimes not too good -LRB- very rarely , though ! -RRB- .
 I dont know why you all hate this game ! This is the best game on the ps2 , no doubt about it . Yes , the graphics suck , but a game with crappy graphics and good gameplay is better than a game with good graphics and crappy gameplay . The online mode is the best -LRB- its broadband only -RRB- and it supports the headset . You can have up to 8 people deathmatch , or 6 player co-op . It has two campaigns -LRB- island thunder and jungle storm -RRB- and has another 10 or so * bonus * maps from earlier Ghost Recon titles . It is a great value , and if you can overlook the graphics , you will have A LOT of fun with this game!Pros
 Game Features : The first ever online Ghost Recon experience for the PS2 :31 multiplayer maps10 multiplayer modes including cooperative gameplayOnline statistics tracking and ladder rankingDirect your multiplayer squadmates with full voice chat capabilities2 distinct single-player campaigns : All-new 8 mission campaign in Colombia8 mission single-player campaign , set in post-Castro CubaFull support for voice commands via the Sony PS2 Voice CommunicatorNew cinematics thrust you into the deadly world of Special Forces combatNew , streamlined interface and controlsThis game is truly promising
 I think Jungle Storm and Island Thunder are almost the same . Niether of them are better than one other , but they are such great games.If you own a Xbox you will say Island Thunder is better and PS2 owners will say that Jungle Storm is better !!! Hey I once was a biased Xbox gamer , but then I bought a PS2 and now I 'm an unbiased gamer So I 'm in the middle here and saying each game has it 's own qualites to go by !!! Well if you want to solve all of your problems buy both systems well if you have enough money that is !!! So here 's the facts Island Thunder has slightly better missions while Jungle Storm has better multi-player options.Game Play
 This game rocks ! It is ten times better than the original Ghost recon . It contains both Island Thunder and Jungle Storm.The following lists wat Jungle Storm has to offer : Quick Mission - Misson , firefight , recon , and defend.Action InterfaceVoice Command Headset - use for AI and onlineBetter movement and indicatorsControl Alpha Team and BravoRules of Engagements and Movement ROE ` sFun Split Screen Playand most importantly , Playstation 2 online Play - Includes cooperative , team , and solo games as well as a ranking system -LRB- Private soldier to Colonel , etc. -RRB- if i would to rate this game out of 5 , i would give it a 10 . its really tat good !
 Ghost Recon , Jungle Storm is a good game . I only found two problems with it . One was to command the squads that are with you . I could not have them hold while I recon the area , so what happens in a fire fight they get shot and ruin my mission because one of the missions include not losing any friendlys . Also one mission in veteran catagory I fulfilled all parts of the mission except one . I could not get the hostages to follow me to a point not disclosed in the map to finish the mission . Other than few small problems the game was pretty good . You command an elite squad of u.s. special forces in 16 challenging missions , inclufing rescuing hostages , eliminating mercenaries , and securing vital locations . You can also play online around the world in 31 multiplayer maps .
 Tom Clancy 's Ghost Recon Jungle Storm is a great game . Theres 2 caimpains with 8 missions in each . The multiplayer is awesome . theres over 30 weapons to choose from like claymores , granades , bazukas , granade launchers , M-16 , M-60 , AK-47 , AK-74 , MM1 , and pistols . Its a lot of fun . Buy it .
 An all new TOM CLANCY 'S game is here.Let me tell you that if you are trying to buy this game , you are very smart because is the best shooter game ever . -LRB- if you like shooter games -RRB- Please do n't panic , just get this game and go home quickly.I have played the originals that are : TOM CLANCY 'S GHOST RECON & TOM CLANCY 'S GHOST RECON
 I bought this game and I think it is so much better then the first one . You get more weapons and better maps to play on.Once I got it I could n't stop playing it . And if you have xbox and your wondering if you should get this or Ghost recon
 yea ubi soft and red storm are coming out with a PS2 only title named Jungle Storm ... . the game i dont really know much about yet ... but i do know one thing RED Storm neeeds !!!! a new Graphics engine for the Ghost Recon series ... . so outdated so bland ... but the series has some immpressive gameplay and sound ... . PS2 owners will only have the advatage of the Dolby prologic II technology ... enough said this game will be good i give it a preview rating of about 8.7 -LRB- Great ! -RRB-
 This game is by far da best ghost recon game fur da PS2 !!! It has multiplayer capabilites , two great campaigns -LRB- Jungle Storm & even Island Thunder !! -RRB- , headset capabilites fur AI and chattin online , extra game maps , betta weapons , and more + !! dis ghost recon game will become `` Greatest Hits '' soon , its daht good !
 jungle storm is way better than the first ghost recon , with better graphics and realistic shooting . i highly suggest buying this game if you like shooters . this will be the best game you will ever play . Have fun !
 First Of All , Let Me Start Off Saying You Wo n't Play This Game Enough To Get Addicted To It.This Game Is n't The True Sequel To Ghost Recon.Tom Clancy 's Ghost Recon
 It would seem that several people dont appear to like this new game . I would have to DISAGREE !! As a late 20 's player I give it 4 stars . You have two single player campains and each level you complete `` unlocks '' that map for thee multiplayer . Which leads me to my next comment about this game . With all the maps `` unlocked '' the multiplayer is very enjoyable !! In conclusion this Ghost Recon is absolutely better than the first one and if you like shooters this is definately a good one to pick up for the PS2 .
 I am amazed by today 's technology !! I am 36 years old -LRB- as I write this -RRB- , and have grown up with the Original video game systems ; The Odyssey ; The Intellivision ; Coleco Vision ; Nintendo ; Super Nintendo ; Sega Dreamcast ; Playstation ; Playstation 2 ; Xbox . Nintendo Gameboy ; Sega Game Gear ; Nintendo Gameboy Color ; Nintendo Gameboy Advance ; Nintendo GBA SP ; Nintendo GBA DS ; PSP.As you can see from my list , video games , and graphics have become awesomely advanced over time . And now , with today 's systems such as the PSP and the GBA we can sit back and enjoy a good movie !! Shark Tale . Rated PG for some mild language and crude humor.Starring the voice talents of Will Smith , Robert De Niro , Renee'Zellweger , Jack Black , Angelina Jolie , Martin Scorsese , Ziggy Marley , Doug E. Doug . Dreamworks Video , and Majesco Entertainment . 90 minutes.Also available for GBAV Movies -- Shrek , and Shrek 2 . Both rated PG.GBAV Shark Tale gets two thumbs WAY up !!!
 Considering that the e-Reader usally costs $ 40 by itself whereas here you 're getting it for free , this is a really great deal . Aside from that , the only real negative consequence of buying this bundle is that you 're forgoing the Advance SP with its lighted screen and rechargeable battery for its predecessor here.However , being someone who owns both systems , I will say that the orignal GBA has one major advantage over the SP . That being the controller and buttons are more comfortable for an adults hands due to the wider form-factor , especially the ` L' and ` R ' shoulder buttons . When playing first-person shooters like Duke Nukem Advance -LRB- a great game by the way -RRB- , those two buttons are used throughout the entire game to straffe left and right around your enemies . So while the original GBA lets you rest your index fingers fairly comfortably on those , the SP has tiny , somewhat flimsy buttons that are nearly impossible to use constantly and thus it gets uncomfortable even during brief play sessions.Obviously , with the SP being the newer model of the GBA it still has the most significant benefits . But if you 're a grown-up who 's in the market for a GBA and you 've got a well-lit space to play games in , you would still be well served with this bundle , a very good buy .
 This toy / electronic device , is great ! It may not be very educational , but it gets rid of boring hours and it is really fun . I got it for christmas and it was my favorite present . Now , it 's great for vacation and when i 'm bored .
 I love Shrek . I like Shark Tale.I really love movies and watching them in new , unorthodox formats . I 'm a big fan of movies on PSP UMDs and of the Pokemon episodes I 've found on GBA cartridges.So , when I saw a chance to snatch up two cool movies for the GBA , my brother -LRB- who loves that handheld a lot -RRB- and I could n't pass this one up.And it is fantastic . 2 full movies on a single GBA cart . But , I ca n't quite give it the full 5 stars.You see , I would n't go so far as to compare it to UMD movies . That 's unfair , considering greater storage capacity on the UMDs , and the greater strength of the PSP over the GBA.The audio is pretty good.You can adjust the brightness , fastforward , rewind , -LRB- though this might be limited to chapter skip , I ca n't remember -RRB- . The video is kind of grainy , but the screen is n't meant for movies . The biggest problem is that it 's kind of choppy . The videos do n't flow very smoothly . The sound is in synch , and it 's still watchable , to me at least , but it 's definitely a downgrade from the DVDs.And really , this should be expected . You 're sacrificing quality for portability , and I 'd say it 's worth it . Just toss this in the pack with the rest of your GBA games and whenever you feel like watching a movie instead of playing a game on those long road trips , go for it !
 Considering that the e-Reader costs about $ 40 all by itself whereas here you 're getting it for free , this is a really great deal . Aside from that , the only negative consequence of buying this bundle is that you 're forgoing the Game Boy Advance SP with its lighted screen and rechargeable battery for its less `` advanced '' predecessor here.However , being someone who owns both systems , I will say that the orignal GBA has one major advantage over the SP . That is , the controller and buttons are far more comfortable for an adults hands due to the wider form-factor , especially the ` L' and ` R ' shoulder buttons . When playing first-person shooters like Duke Nukem Advance -LRB- a great game by the way -RRB- , those two buttons are used throughout the entire game to straffe left and right around your enemies . So while the original GBA lets you rest your index fingers fairly comfortably on those two large buttons , on the SP they are tiny and somewhat flimsy and are basically impossible to use constantly without your fingers getting sore.Obviously , with the SP being the newer model of the GBA it still has the most significant benefits , like the aforementioned screen light and rechargeable battery . But if you 're a grown-up who 's in the market for a GBA and you 've got a well-lit space to play games in , you would still be well served with this bundle -- a very good buy .
 Very good product my husband loves it ! Delivery fast and reliable!The product is just like the description given in the site .
 Okay first let me say that I am an avid RPG fan , I just love them . With that said I will also say that I almost traded this game in twice !! I thought it was too difficult at first , but it was n't it was just me trying to be selfish and go through the dungeons alone . The Graphics , the Battle system and character customization with new great weapons stopped me from trading this game in both times , but now it is also the game play Let me tell you why and give you some tips to be successful.Onto to the review : Graphics
 The game is fun at the beginning as long as you pick a fighter and a healer otherwise you 'll get beat constantly . If your healer runs out of mp then you are screwed . The game is fun overall but it can be really annoying when you get wiped out and lose half your money so save it constantly so you can just quit before you die and reload . The enemy magic casters do a lot of damage and if you are fighting three of them then you will die .
 Valhalla Knights is an excellent RPG to arrive on the PSP system . Fans of the Final Fantasy series will greatly enjoy it in its similarities . I highly recomend this game to anyone who owns a PSP .
 This is awesome ! The third collection of 12 games from the ` Atari 2600 ' days on CD-ROM !
 1st of all i 'd like to say I personally think this game is the best `` underrated game '' out there.I 'd like to start off by saying that this game is not for the average gamer . The control scheme is way too complex for any child too understand . Personally i found this too be the toughest Xbox game ie ever played including Halo -LRB- Legendary -RRB- , Dead To Rights , Onimusha and then some others.Some of the great concepts include the ability to walk on walls , and Drake 's ability to slow time down/speed it up -LRB- A speed up , B slow down -RRB- . But while Drake can slow time down he can also move fast and do double jumps . At 1st this is hard to master but once u got it down it is well worth it !! I am guessing that the `` glitches '' people are complaining about are the people who are having a hard time mastering the slow motion/speedinng up time and therefore it appears as a glitch.As i mentioned before . Drake can also run up or sideways on walls and sometimes in order to run acrooss a really far wall u have to really know how to use the slowing motion/speeding up controls.The shooting system is extremely difficult to master because it relies on the right thumbstick and the left and right triggers . Drake always has two weapons on him and the left trigger contorls the left hand and the right trigger the right hand so u can be aiming at 2 different enemies at once . The AI isnt very smart but it is hard becaue even if u try to get on top of a object the enemy will often go underneath it and it is near impossible to shoot him unless u go back and forth between to objects and get in 1 or 2 bullets when u can . Just because the AI isnt too smart thhough there are some things that are getting harder for me to figure out . -LRB- on level 12 so far -RRB- Plus it makes it harder cause all the levels are timed . SO DONT EXPECT A CAKEWALK BUT THE GAME DOES INVOLVE QUIT EA BIT OF STRATEGY ! IF U WANT A GAME THAT WILL TRULY CHALLENGE YOUR SKILLS THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR U !!
 hmm ... this game must have been created as a `` The worst pile of garbage , glitched game in world '' joke to a company friend , but it accidently was released . or maybe the creators were just stoned and drunk . This game has crap graphics , it uses the AOL buddy log-on sound when you open doors and it is just horribly glitched beyond the point of humor . the auto-aim system is horribly glitched , the game has a crappy plot and the voice acting is awful making the main character sound retarded -LRB- literally -RRB- . alot of the time the game glitches and causes it so you ca n't continue . it has awful AI and the dual gun thing looks dumb , as well as the cheap slo-mo crap -LRB- which is n't even impressive cause the controls are so sluggish -RRB- . this game is worthless , and completely utter trash and unless you like being frustrated by glitches every second , play it , but this game sucks ! do n't listen to gamer-no-how he is either lying or he just has sever fetal-alohol syndrome ; this game is a waste of money , space on earth and life to those who play it times 10 to the third power . Parents , if your kids want this game , slap them and say `` NO ! '' .
 Bomberman Jetters takes the foundation layed by Bomberman Generation and improves it in several ways . Firstly , you can select from several characters in Battle Mode , which is nice . You can also handicap players by letting them start with items . You can choose what items appear in each stage , a neat addition . The new multiplayer modes are great fun , and the one player game is based on the Japanese anime show . Having played the import , I 'm really happy to see this one come out here at a great price .
 This game is amazing . The story mode levels are huge , and you can switch between either white bomber or max , both with pros and cons . If you lose , you can enter the bomber mansion and train . If you have your friends over , go battle mode . The game offers 5 different battle modes , along with tons of different stages the affect your play . This game is huge , and the only `` high voice '' is Bomberman talking . The game play alone will take you hours to beat , plus , you have a limit til ' the planet is destroyed to add to it all . This game deserves a 5 , not a 1 .
 This is one of the good games I 've ever played . The first attraction is its cartoon pictures and motions . 2nd is its story mode . 3rd is its 4 players battle games -LRB- the battle has many stages and features , no one can sure to win in the end -RRB- . It gives me fun and I am sure to keep this game for life to play with friends .
 i love this game i beat it in 1 year . i dont like the graphics though.but , that is it .
 It has always been a reliable source for keeping grades . It helps to keep up to date data , on students , when needed for placing students in levels of academic help .
 This set includes 10 DOS classics from the humble beginnings of Interplay , one of the best game publishers of the era . Spanning 1983-1993 , one game represents each year of their first decade.Games included are
 I first bought a DreamGear 's DreamShockMicro controller for my son because its compact size , but the analog buttons do n't work at all . I replaced it with this equally priced cheap alternative . I am happily surprised with it . All the buttons work extremely well ; in fact , they are more sensitive than the original PS2 controller . I also like the stepped down L2/R2 buttons . I think I will keep this one for myself and let my son has the original controller instead .
 The entire controller is a bit smaller/compact . The L2 and R2 buttons are recessed to the natural ways those two fingers &#34; rest &#34; while holding controller . I have not used the original type controller for years . I feel like I 'm really having to &#34; stretch &#34; my fingers to reach those to buttons with the original style . Not with this one . It is built to the &#34; natural lay &#34; of your fingers . Bought all they had at that time to have spares as nothing lasts forever
 With all due respect I have to tell you that it is best to ignore the negative reviews . It would appear that one reviewer in particular did not actually play the game to understand how it works , so I 'll tell you . It is alot more than having your villagers research , farm , & breed . There are puzzles to be solved . For instance , I 'll give away one of the easiest puzzles , you have to clear the well so the villagers can drink water & water their crops . To learn how to better farm , to gain better knowledge in construction , gain spirituality , etc. . . you have to use tech points to be able to purchase more knowledge in each area . The more knowledge you have the more your villagers will eventually be able to do & the more puzzles they can solve . You get tech points by various things your villagers do , be it researching at the table , learning about the plants on the island , or learning how to heal eachother , etc. . . The more tech points earned the more knowledge you can buy . Yes , this game is real time , but you can double that time . You also do n't have to worry about going away for long periods of time only to have your villagers die . There is an option you can check to pause the game indefinitely until you return . If you wish to cheat & play the game in a day you could do so by changing the time on your computer , open your game , & changing it back again after you re-open the game . You can advance as much as you like by doing this , but be aware that skipping ahead more than an hour or 2 can really wreack havoc on your villagers . This is a sims type of game , though , so the majority of people playing this I would think would be the type who enjoy more laid back games that take a while to unfold . It 's definitely not for the impatient . Even using the cheat to skip your clock ahead can still take quite a few hours for you to actually finish the game . It 's not a bang bang shoot em up kind of game , it 's just there for you to relax & enjoy , and think just a little . :-RRB- There 's alot more to the game than the negative reviews on here would have you believe .
 I got this game for my birthday and was so excited to get it . I put it on my computer and have not stopped playing since . I have continued to check on my villagers and watched the population of my little village grow . I also have some friends that have played it and have become addicted as well . It is not a game to sit down and play for hours though . Get it started and then let it go and just remember to check on your villagers .
 I like playing this game because it requires patience and interaction . It is a little slow , especially if one is used to the fast paced action of some sim games . I like that I can start it up and check on it every couple of hours while I get other things done .
 I bought this game for my daugther and she said that it had an interesting story and a cool gameplay .
 I bought this game last summer after I lost 3 kittens to feline leukemia and was looking for something to divert me from the grief . This game actually fit the bill perfectly ! It was easygoing , bright and colorful , kept my attention but was not taxing . I really just wanted something to zone out in front of . However , it can be very slow to play and I found that establishing about 3 games at once that I switched between kept me interested . I even had them all on 2X speed and still did not get overwhelmed . Once you figure out the challenges , the only reason to play is to make it the hardest game and see if you can keep all the villagers alive to solve the challenges . But it is a beautiful game to look at and I wanted more to look at , so I am pleased more games have come out in the series !
 Virtual Villagers is a great deal of fun . The premise is that you 've washed up on the island of Isola and you need to create a viable settlement . Starting with just a few villagers , you can create a thriving village of nearly 100 . Along the way , you have to solve certain problems
 this is one of my favorite pc games.it is very addictive.after you try it you will want to buy virtual villagers 2 and 3 too.it takes some time to beat.but it is a great game to own.i would highly recommend it .
 I read the other reviews before puchasing this game . I actually found it to be quite entertaining . As stated by others this game is not full of thrills and high energy , however , it is fun for those of us who are n't interested in violence and guns , etc.And it is n't as easy as it might appear on the surface . The puzzles can be quite challenging to figure out and there were quite unexpected solutions.You can pause it if you are going to be away for a while , or you have the choice to select a `` time '' speed . Turning off the computer will still allow these villagers to go about their business . It is often a suprise when you turn it back on to see what is new.You ca n't just start up the game and let it do it 's own thing . The Villagers need to be trained in their tasks . It is your choice as to what they learn.All in all , I have played this for quite a while , and found it to be quite relaxing .
 In this game you will spend most of your playing time assigning jobs to villagers and having them breed . It is a slow game and best for spending a few minutes here and there watching over your growing village . And you can have up to 5 different games going at a time . You need to use the tech points the scientist villagers earn to buy skill upgrades so your village will thrive . -LRB- The final farming upgrade is very important to keeping your food supply up . -RRB- There are also ` puzzles ' that you solve as your village advances and you help them explore . And occasionally an event will pop up and you will have to choose how your villager reacts and the result can either be very good or even deadly.I found this game to be very fun . I let my game run all day checking it every couple hours .
 I 've got the first one and it 's awsome ! The second one will be even better than the first .
 I would have to say that given all of the sudoku games being produced , this one is second easiest to play -LRB- other than Brain Age -RRB- . But then again , you do n't have to go through the Brain Age interface to get to play sudoku.Would be better with random puzzle generation , as once you 've beaten them all you can only better your times or reset the whole thing.I play it all the time - it will stay in my game library !
 I REALLY like this game . Sure , it is n't as good as Brain Age , but it is still really fun and the puzzles are GREAT !! I do n't bother writing my answers . I just use the numbers . It 's much easier . From what I 've heard , it 's better than the other Sudokus on the market and very convenient when waiting at the airport or doctor 's office . You ca n't please everyone , but they did a pretty decent job . I actually love the version on my phone of all places . It 's simple and let 's you focus on the game. :-RRB- HAPPY SUDOKUING !!!!!
 Hours of fun ! Many different challenges ! Seller was great ! Would definitely recommend seller to anyone and also product ! Thank you
 Enjoy game using Nintendo DX XL , but screen of Nintendo DX Lite is too small for it . My 75 year old eyes resulted in mistakes every time I used the Lite .
 Sudoku in a video game should be straight forward , easy to grasp controls , and a font that 's pleasant to look at at . Sudoku Gridmaster has all of this . Plus you can test to see where you rank -LRB- ie bronze , silver , gold , platinum -RRB- after completing a certain number of puzzles in Normal or Hard mode . This version is MUCH better than Platinum Sudoku in my opinion , even though there are only 400 puzzles here . The puzzles are similar to the Nikoli versionsOriginal Sudoku . I highly recommend this game .
 This is a decent addition to a puzzle game/sudoku lover 's ds library . The game features over 400 puzzles of varying levels -LRB- 4 difficulty settings -RRB- that the gamemakers say are handpicked.For those already familiar with playing sudoku on their ds , certain similarities carry across to this title . Your games will be timed , allowing you to go back and improve on times for previously completed puzzles . You are able to write the numbers out on the stylus -- and this game seems slightly more intuitive at deciphering what number you are scribbling out . However , you can also just choose to tap the number on a numberpad . In this option , you have the added help of being able to see numbers greyed out when you have added 9 of them to the puzzle . You will be able to save and resume puzzles once again as well.You are able to use temp numbers in Gridmaster , though you are given 4 slots per space instead of Brain Age 's 9 . -LRB- Not that you really need more than 4 but visually you might have found it a little easier to have designated spots for numbers . -RRB- Adding and removing temp numbers , particularly the latter , seem more awkward though.Other features give the game little perks though including background music , collecting ` stars ' to unlock bonus puzzles , and ` guidelines ' which can be toggled on/off that highlight the column , row , and 3x3 block you are using.All in all , it 's an enjoyable approach to doing sudoku in a handheld way . Certain things could be better , such as clearing out temp numbers with more ease or supplying additional options with music volumes . The sudoku lovers should find some enjoyment easily .
 u guys are so lazy . u all complain about how hard it is to use it . just tap the box to change the number . i know how hard that must be for u. what a sad , sad comentary on america 's society .
 There are often times where a good video game can be chalenging , fun and just exciting for all ages . That has also been said with the recent success of the puzzle games like word searches , the classic crossword puzzles and now Su Doku . Since it came out a few years ago , it has been one of the most exciting things to ever come out to the public . Nintendo also saw the success of Su Doku , and took that into the highly acclaimed Nintendo DS system , with the well-received Brain Age game . Since then , there have been many knockoff games to Su Doku , and Brain Age . Now , the DS takes the brain , and pulls out more muscle from the puzzle.Sudoku Gridmaster for the Nintendo DS system , is a compilation of over 400 different kinds of Su Doku puzzles that range vastly in difficulty from beginners , to extremely advanced contendors who 've mastered the game very well . The graphics for the gameare well desired , but the control is nothing new for DS players . It all happenes to be within the stylus , as you point and write your numbers down on each space n the typical 9x9 grid . The gameplay is a whole lot of fun , and drives within each different puzzle to play around with . The game is very addictive for anybody who loves the grueling puzzles and the test of the mind as well.All in all , Sudoku Gridmaster is a great game for any Nintendo DS owner . If you loved puzzle games like Brain Age and Big Brain Academy , then this definitly is a great add-on to you DS library . If you have n't played virtual version of Su Doku before , this is also a great buy.Graphics
 I LOVE this game . It 's fun and stimulating whether I have 15 minutes or an hour of free time . With a variety of levels of difficulty , it will be a long time before I need to buy another Sudoku game . Well worth the money !!
 This is the most addictive Sudoku DS game that I own -LRB- and I have them all -RRB- . I only wish they would come out with a second edition.Being able to highlight blocks and numbers really helps my playing.I have found that playing Sudoku Gridmaster has honed my overall playing skills . When I go back to Brain Age , I can solve puzzles more easily and efficiently as a result of playing Gridmaster.I can barely put it down . I 'm almost finished solving ALL the skill levels and I 'm planning on starting over again.Highly recommend this game.Carol
 If you are a Ford fan and want to drive every performance car they have made , then this is the game for you . The learning curve is steep at the later levels and the tracks are repetitive , but overall a very good game . Faster is not always better and finesse is mandatory when you start driving the really high horsepower cars .
 The game was used but seemed new , it was in mint condition , I was very pleased being it was a gift for my boyfriend . It also arrived sooner than I expected . I was extremely pleased .
 I love this game !!! I ca n't tell you how many hours I 've played it.I agree with another reviewer that called the game - Sims with goals ! There are some games that I play because I like to follow an adventure or story . Some games challenge my creative problem-solving skills . This game offers both a story and a challenge.Space Colony vs. The SimsSpace Colony is a bit more amusing than the Sims -LRB- I have n't tried Sims 2 yet -RRB- , with characters having specific personalities and sayings that make me giggle!I can see how some gamers who love the Sims would find the game too challenging . Some situations take a few repetitions to get a feel for the landscape and `` natives , '' but that only challenges me to try several strategies until I complete the sim.Minor ComplaintOne complaint with the -LRB- Mac -RRB- game is that the Pazuzu section crashes , but as I 've completed almost all of the other sections of the game , it 's a fraction of a huge game that offers many , many fun hours of game play!Future gamesI hope that the developers continue to offer updates and patches , or create similar goal-oriented simulation games !
 Space Colony has something for everyone ! It is challenging , funny , demanding , cute , frustrating , attractive , dangerous , and diverse . If you do n't believe me , download the free demo and give it try ! The full game is even better.I 'm having a blast with this game !
 While the demo is shorter than I would have liked , which is why I 've just ordered the whole game , it was fun . Think The Sims with purpose . The different missions and goals give you something to work with . And the characters come with some specific talents , rather than you trying to guess what they would do well in as a career . I am really looking forward to the game arriving , though it wo n't do so fast enough .
 Let me start by saying I 'm a Gundam fan , but not a fanbay ; I ca n't name every mobile suit or character name , heck until recently I thought the Gouf MS was pronounced `` Goth '' , like in Gothic . On to the review.Graphics
 I was extremely surprised when I started playing this game . From all the reviews I expected the game to have horrible play value -LRB- others have claimed the music is choppy or the framerates drop at random times -RRB- . I have not had choppy music problems . The only time I had something like a framerate problem was when the camera was panning just before a battle , or a drop in framerate when the mission briefing was loading . But it was never bad enough to mess up gameplay.The mobile suits are all beautifully rendered with a high level of detail . There is also a large number of mobile suits available in the game . There is a linear gameplay of missions ranging in Australia , to SE asia , the middle east , and Africa . There are a few maps that are rather small , but usually it is n't too small to hinder battles . Most of the maps are about the right size -LRB- small enough to prevent you from having to constantly boost for a while to get anywhere , and large enough to make it easy to retreat from a battle momentarily , or to prevent the mobile suits from all bunching up -RRB- . The maps have outer limits from which the enemy can enter the battlefield . However they can span a ways away from this limit . Making it impossible to reach them and attack them -LRB- this is especially hindered if your mobile suit has a short range since in late game several enemies begin attack at long range from behind this limit -RRB- . Over all I found the game entertaining . If you are used to gameplay like in Federation vs Zeon , then you should love this game .
 In a nutshell , buy the game NEW . And buy the game from someone who is n't GoHastings if you ca n't afford the return shipping fee.Recently , I bought this game on a whim for a friend , seeing how he loved the Gundam franchise.I got the game in the mail shortly after ordering it , which was impressive ... but something does n't seem quite right on the menu for the sound . My friend chalks it up to an `` ambient feeling '' , but a quick search on YouTube showed that the choppy sounds were not the title screens music at all . Further problems is a higher chance of it freezing up than the other games I have ... and it happens right when you LEAST need it to happen , since missions can be hard for beginning players . The menu also lags a little before getting into actual gameplay ... and there is no custom playlist setting.It could be a badly written disc out of the lot , or a well made copy ... whatever the case ... I could n't play the game with music and character audio due to how choppy they were . Sound effects were perfectly fine , so it really played out to a strange , yet fitting feel to the battlefield with the gunfire and the mecha sounds when they went to attack . As a result , the voice acting and the music had no bearing on this game.I was able to play some `` Here Comes Char '' for some good laughs when you can replay your missions once you 've beaten the game campaign scenario for either Zeon or Earth Federation ... missions that all take place on Earth . No space battles here for you Newtypes out there.Unit customization falls into three categories -LRB- excluding pilot level -RRB-
 When I purchased Gundam
 i love this game it gets more exciting and harder the more u play through the story mode beat it 4 times and still playing because they get harder and smarter more you play GREAT GAME FOR STRATEGY
 UPDATE 2012-09-22I just got around to playing this game yet again and this time it is with a PS3 Slim . The faults of ths game that every bad mouther out there likes to point out have been eliminated by the late model PS3 . Turns put this launch title runs better on the newer hardware it was just too much for the old PS3 fats ! Anyone downing the graphics on this game has a Cheap T.V. . These graphics are awesome again the old PS3 's just did not have the horse power for this game.Damn the Naysayerscand get this game if you are a true Gundam fan you will be pleased . Now back to the original post and the ignorant argumentative person I was attempting to help enjoy this game.HI I just want to chime in on this , I guess there are allot of people who like the other type of Gundam games that have no depth to them , the ones where all you seem to do is boost around hack blast and slash enemies left and right.In this game they went for realism or as realistic as you can get with a game about mobile suits . For those who do not know Mobile Suits are essentualy robots with a pilot usually located in the torso.In this game you can not duck back to base and damaged parts are made whole again if you loose a arm it is gone along with the weapon if it was holding one.When you take damage it is yours until the end of the mission , then depending on the severity of the damage it can take several days to repair . This game is intended to be played from easy to very hard this is the way to play it as you will not have enough credits for better suits , better suits do not even appear until you play in different levels of difficulty.You can play as Zeon or Federation after you finish the easy setting of the game and start on hard you will start being able to obtain Federation suits while playing the Zeon campaigns which are different . The opposite is also true.There is as a learning curve to this game and once you figure it out it is a lot of fun . As you progress / play missions and earn credits rank and experience you upgrade the Weapons , Attack and Defense of your suits as well as type . This is not a game that can be played swiftly it takes time.I have played this game off and on for years and keep coming to fresh understandings of the various suits each time.The game is fun the game is worthwhile , the game is far , far better than the reviews it has undeservedly been given.I challenge the negative reviewers to start a Federation mission on easy save the data then start a separate Zeon mission also on easy play through all the way going all the way to very hard levels play each and every training mission no skipping ahead and finish this game just once under these conditions which means you will play through something like 8 times and then come back with a negative review.I do not think anyone doing this will be able to come back with a negative review . This will take a while to do this will seem repetitive sometimes but you will develop an appreciation for this game as you really learn it.Good luck .
 The game overall , is average.The story , is pretty watered down , it 's nowhere as good as Feds . Vs. Zeon was for the PS2.Obviously it was rushed , I just wish Bandai would have released a freaking patch to fix the Frame Rate issues.Graphics
 I am a Gundam fan , ive watched the shows and love the games , my favorite being federation vs. zeon . I would reccomend this game to mostly just a gundam fan because this particular title doesnt offer much to bring in someone to the band wagon . Overall the graphics are very nice , attention to detail is the best so far for the gundam series , however there is a framerate problem . At times it can seems like the framerate gets choppy , but it clears up really quickly . Gundam vs. Zeta had it even worse when it came to frame rate . As for replay value its definately there , i dont see why other gamer sites rated it so low , i actually enjoyed getting more pilots under my command , and buying more and more gundams to serve in my army . Great game .
 I love this game and would recommend it to any one that is a Gundam fan or just someone looking to try something new . I never before played any of the previous games on the PS2 but after playing this game I went back and gave a few of the old games a look over . They are all very fun , colorful and exciting . This newer version Gundam Crossfire for the PS3 system is outstanding in my opinion . I played and beat the game three times and each time it gets more and more exciting . Each battle you become stronger your skills increase leaving the enemy helpless . I have played countless amount of times on the very hard setting achieving the rank of General while unlocking Gundams of all types as well as enemy mobile suites that are not selectable until completing the game with good ranking . I 've found that the Gundam is the strongest followed by the Gundam Ez8 . I say give it a try . Play it , beat it and keep going . See how fast you can complete the game as well as the individual missions . See if you can get a perfect ranking of 'S ' on every mission , see if you can complete most if not all mission without being hit by enemy fire . Make it fun , challenge yourself , challenge the game . See if you have what it takes to be a Gundam pilot . Thanks Amazon I love it . Forgive my spelling if there are miss spellings . One more thing . For fans of Gundam or if your not impressed with this particular Gundam game for the PS3 check out this website , it will give you something to look forward to . -LSB- ... -RSB- Click movie and hit play . Enjoy : - -RRB-
 great game for ps3 launch title ! + a good amount of MS suits to purchase + controls are pretty good-SP is short-no mp -LRB- both online and splitscreen -RRB- - frames per second is around 20-25 -LRB- definitely under 30 -RRB- aside from those issues , the game is great at the pricepoint you can pick it up used , if you are a Gundam fan . If you are n't one then I suggest you do n't pick it up .
 First off this game plays like a pc mech simulator . It is similar to Gundam : Side story for dreamcast except in third person view instead of cockpit-first . This does not play like Federation vs Zeon/Gundam DX for the ps2/Dreamcast which was ported from an arcade game in Japan.I can say for one thing it sure as hell does not play like die-nasty gundam which sent shivers down my spine . The first playthrough is pretty damm hard.I skipped a couple of missions on my first playthrough I will say . The zeon Mobile suits are crap compared to the federations in the game so you will have to survive until you get a dom or gelgoog . You can get all mobile suits from both sides in both campaigns . The game does have some technical problems . Framerate I have only seen drops during the opening of a level but quickly resolves it during gameplay nothing like framerate problems in Dark souls in blighttown which I love that game by the way . The last level on HARD I have seen glitches with my mobile suits beam saber and ammo depots not working even when they have not been hit . Noise crackling has happened to me also but I found that this only happens on 2-channel sound and not on 5-Channel speakers which I have tested.Yes I can understand these problems can affect the enjoyment of the game but as far as the framerate being a slideshow is absurd . I do pc framerate benchmarking since pc is my main rig and I know when something becomes a slideshow . People have complained about the graphics yes the enviroments are bland but the Anti-Aliasing in the game is some of the best I have seen on the ps3 which is very taxing on the Systems GPU for those who know about that sort of stuff . The mobile suits look great and the battle damage is detailed . The controls I found to be a learning curve of 20 minutes it plays like a mech sim as Ive said so if anyone is expecting to be amuro ray on their first mission only to be dissapointed to be blown up in a minute and hate it for that reason than this is not the Gundam game for you . The game length is meant to be played multiple times to get more suits and upgrade . 5 hours was my longest playthrough 1:50 minutes was my shortest as you get better . oOverall I enjoyed this game and I guess this is one of those games it just depends on who is playing it .
 i do n't know why there is a lot of bad reviews for this game.the graphics look very good for a older game Ive seen new games look like crap.the game play is good not perfect some glitches in the game but over all i like this game a lot.i have played most of the other Gundam games on ps2 and the psx . they all kinda play the same in a lot of ways . if you are buying this game remember its a Gundam game big slow mobil suits that blow stuff up.if you have played other Gundam game 's and liked them buy this one and you will be happy . HAIL ZEON lol
 this game 's worth the money i spent on it.is it the best gundam game , no . but is it the worst , far from it . im a huge gundam fan , and idc wtf anybody says , this game is fun , and the graphics dont look like their for the ps1 . it 's a pretty good attempt at a gundam game for the ps3
 This game is a big improvement over the last Gundam game , made for the PS2 . The Mobile suits in the game are impressive .
 This is not an all too typical `` mindless '' destroy-the-world-and-savor-the-victory game.Game PlayThe game interface is essentially a world `` threat board '' format with easy scrolling and zoom features . The interface may sound simple ; but the simplicity is augmented by tastefully done effects and a graphical somberness that makes the board seem all too real -LRB- think WarGames the movie -RRB- . At times , in real time mode -LRB- you can accelarate time as well -RRB- , the game seems uncannily real as one tries to reposition naval fleet assets , decide strategic issues on first strike options or not , deciding which assets to sacrifice and which to protect , and managing air assets . Again , one needs to immerse oneself in the game to see how truly intriguing -LRB- and addictive -RRB- the game is.Basically , game play starts with a timed asset deployment stage . It is part of the gameplay to sweat out racing against the clock to deploy assets or you lose them -LRB- and you will sweat it out -RRB- . The asset deployment is followed by a timed countdown from Defcon 5 to Defcon 1 with new capabilities available as the condition reaches Defcon 1 . Trust me , this is not boring . During the countdown you are racing to discover your enemy assets , trying to redeploy forces , planning strategy , and hoping for more time . Once Defcon 1 is reached , gameplay continues with redeploying assets , protecting assets , reevaaluating strategy , and quickly deciding which changes need to be made . The display shows graphically the destruction you are raining on your enemy -LRB- including death counts and shrinking city sizes -RRB- or that your enemy is raining on you.Notes
 I bought this game on a whim . Nuclear war seems the most dramatic historical event possible , so I thought I 'd give it a shot . The game has a modest appearance that allows a subtle artistry , which is impressive.The makers of this game do not take the subject of nuclear war lightly . As I played the game , I found myself awestruck that humans have actually prepared for this.I found myself absorbed , calculating the success probability for nuclear bomber strikes and hoping to sneak my boomers close to the enemy 's shore . The ideal plan would be to devastate him with an SLBM strike . And where are his ballistic missile subs ? They are , no doubt , sneaking along my coast preparing to rain nuclear hell upon me.This game confirms my belief that `` concept '' is the most important criterion for a quality game . Its shortcoming is that its single-player mode is limited . But that 's a minor thing . Four stars .
 Not sure what weed was up Andrew Broselow 's back side when he wrote his review as this software worked on every computer I installed it on . Andrew is like the reviewers who rant about slow shipping time or that they love it but have n't even played it yet i.e. , a childish review . Do n't these people bug you ? We do n't want to hear from people who ca n't get their computers working ... Anyway , this is the kind of game you will either really like , or will bore you to death . It 's reminiscent of 80 's vector-graphics games , and it 's refreshing to see something DIFFERENT -LRB- retro -RRB- for a change . I really like it , as I like Darwinia , also from the same developers . But then again I liked Battlezone and spent all my quarters in the arcade playing that simple yet wonderful vector-graphic tank simulator . With video games costing $ 40 - $ 60 dollars these days , many of which require you to also shell out $ 15 a month for on-line play , its hard to complain about a value like this . If its not your cup of tea , just sell it on Amazon , where you can often pick it up for $ 20 or less . It is custom-izable , but I found it was n't as easy to customize as I 'd have liked , which is why I 'd give it 4.5 out of 5 stars . It 's kinda like playing Risk or Diplomacy , but even cooler , if that gives you some idea . You break a pact and attack your former ally , you just might get nuked ! BTW , several computer games magazines nominated it for Game of the Year , so they must know something Andrew Broselow did n't .
 The Good - It 's basically like playing a board game on your PC . The graphics are simple but crisp and nice to look at , and the interface is smooth and easy to navigate . You 're given a good amount of countries to choose from and units to command . It 's also been glitch free for me.The Not So Good - The AI is predictible . A common complaint for games like this . It 's not horrible , but it could be better . The backgroud music is a little plain and can get old after a while . And while I know this game is all about strategic nuclear war , I ca n't help but wish for a slower build-up to it . Your basic units are nuclear silos , battleships , carriers , submarines , bombers , and fighters . It 'd be nice if maybe ground units were added and countries were split into territories or states . Players could then attempt to invade other players and possibly seize their weapons before they 're used.Overall , it 's a fun game that does n't really get old . It will , however , leave you wanting more .
 If you have ever seen the movie wargames , you should know that there are no winners in Global Thermonucluar War . That is why the object of this computer simulation of the movie wargames is not to win , but simply to lose the least amount of people.There are 5 DEFCON 'S in the game . At DEFCON 5 , you are allowed to build your defences and missile silos . At DEFCON 4 , you are allowed to continue building , but you should start moving your ships into enemy territory to start scouting . At DEFCON 3 , you are allowed to launch bombers and fighters . You are also allowed to engage enemy fleets . At DEFCON 2 , you should start selecting targets for your missiles . You should target other silos with your bombers and large cities with your missiles . At DEFCON 1 , you can launch your nuclear missiles and take out your enemies . But be careful , because even if you think you took out all their nukes , there is always a counterstrike.I love this game and I ca n't stop playing it .
 I am an unabashed fan of war-related games , espiecally nuclear war games . I discovered this game via Youtube one day . I downloaded the demo & I was super impressed ! The 5 stages of DEFCON -LRB- Defense Readiness Condition -RRB- are very suspensful ! I have yet to obtain the full version , but this game gets high marks from me !
 This game does everything right about Global Thermonuclear War . I must say the title DEFCON
 This RPG had everything I wanted . First it has a really great story that fits moderately well with the original Chrono Trigger . It has a lot of characters which were actually better developed than I thought . Some are still pretty flimsy but others were pretty good . The battle system is wonderful . A lot of time battles can get really boring . In this a lot of the time you can choose to battle or not and the battles are actually enjoyable . Left in this game is the multiple endings which range from happy to sad . Easily one of the best RPG 's ever made .
 It 's not hard to see why RPG fans adore Chrono Cross -- it takes role-playing games that have come before , refines the best parts and reinvents the rest . The distinctive characters common to Square games are here , and there are 40 of them , from knights and fairies to rock stars and a little spaceman . Monsters appear on the area maps , so while you 'll have to do some fighting to advance the plot , there are no `` random battles '' per se . The involved and involving story starts small and gradually unfolds to become positively ultimate in scope . And the combat system , which has to be fun to play for an RPG to work , has been radically reinvented , moving from the `` active time '' turn-based system of Square 's `` Final Fantasy '' games to a system in which you consume fractional turns or `` stamina points '' , with an eye to charging up powerful magic . The game strikes a surprising balance between hazards that would sink many games . While a sequel to the Super Nintendo game `` Chrono Trigger '' , knowledge of that game is not required to enjoy this one . Neither overly-short nor overly-long -LRB- it can be completed in the 50-hour range without rushing -RRB- , it 's packed with gobs of extras to keep the interest of players who want more , since you can replay the game with different characters , see more than a dozen endings , etc. . For those who do n't play many role-playing games , this is still a very accessible title , one that teaches you how to play as you go along . It also exhibits some of the quirks/problems to all RPG 's -- the game is probably about 10 hours longer than it really needs to be , if you play too casually you 'll get lost on your side-tracks -LRB- `` what was I supposed to do after beating all the dragon gods again ? '' -RRB- , and the rush of world-altering plot revelations in the last five hours is a bit much . But given the choice of RPG 's with good gameplay and bad plots -LRB- Final Fantasy VIII -RRB- , bad gameplay and a good plot -LRB- Xenogears -RRB- , and train-wrecks that get both wrong -LRB- The Legend of Dragoon -RRB- , it 's a huge pleasure to play a game that really nails both elements .
 I bought this game about 1 year ago . Let me just say that this game is incredable ! During the course of the game , your character will learn more and more about the dimension that he has crossed into and his own . The big thing about this game are the elemnts -LRB- magic spells -RRB- . Each element has a certain level and can be put into different element slots . Some are consumable elements that you will have to buy . The great thing is that at one point in the game you can play as some of the monsters ! One character can even turn into one . There are around 45 playable characters with their own unique abilities . I have found that Glenn -LRB- knight -RRB- and Serge -LRB- main character -RRB- are the two best characters because of their high strength , magic power , and when equipped with the Einlanzers -LRB- Glenn -RRB- and Mastermune -LRB- Serge -RRB- , upgraded version of the deadly Masamune , these two characters will heal themselves . The graphics of this game are the best of the best for a Playstation game . The sound is incredable and the musical scores are well done ! The main selling point for the game is the deep , intense plot . By the end of the game you can really understand everything that the game puts before you . After you beat the game you may start a New Game + . This lets you carry your final stats from the last game to the beginning of the next game . You can also fight the final boss of the game whenever you wish in this game type , beating this boss will give you a different ending . So , see what you can get . Some are really good . These movies are in the game graphics though . The other nice thing is that you get a time shifter in a New Game + , so you can fast forward through those long dialouges . I 'll give you a hint before I go ... when you have to fight the Six Dragon Gods , take the pirate along and STEAL the different plates -LRB- armors -RRB- so you can absorb that type of magic . The black plate is a must if you go to fight the owner of the Masamune . Sorry if I told you too much in this review . Buy this game and you wo n't regret it !
 Now , you might be thinking , `` What do you mean ` Best RPG Ever ' , are you crazy ? '' Well , this game got so many things right which most RPGS get wrong -LRB- EX . FF8 -RRB- . One thing , which may be stupid to most , is it 's beautiful , beautiful music . THE BEST I have ever heard from any game . It actually enhances the gaming experience . The cut scenes were also flawless . They made sure ever part of the characters were perfect . At one point it shows the main character in his birthday suit , and you could swear he was standing right next to you , it 's just plain amazing . Never -LRB- well , maybe FF9 -RRB- have they have such a good battle system , the way one is able to heal right after a battle , it 's so cool . I 've never had so much fun . AND THE STORY , whoa ! -LRB- oops , pulled a K. Reeves there -RRB- . Man , I was drawn in and would play at least 5 to 10 hours everyday . At that rate I pretty much beat the game in about a month . Yes , a lot of the battle were easy , but man some of them took me 10 or 11 chances . Even some of the side quests did too . THE SIDE QUESTS , oH YEAH ! I finished every single one . I think the only real flaw after looking over every single aspect , is that the game eventually ends ! :-LRB- Well , pull out your piggy band and buy this game , or else you will regret . A must have for both rpg fans and non-fans . ENJOY !!!
 Chrono Cross is what I call amazing . The character design is simply flawless . The detail in each character just makes everything really astounding to look at.But eye-candy is n't all this game is about . The battle system is also a neat little addition to the game . Instead of holding down the action button waiting for your characters to strike , then jump back , you need to figure out some pretty nifty combos.The plot constantly has so many twists in it , it 's remarkable . You 're off doing one job and then suddenly ... * CREAK ! * , there 's a twist ! Something that 's surprising , no doubt . However , the twists in the plot can often get confusing , as the players may begin to wonder why they 're doing what they 're doing in the game.And if there 's anything that completely blew me off the chair , it 's the music . Yasunori Mitsuda tells Nobuo Uematsu -LRB- composer of the Final Fantasy series -RRB- to go and take a hike , because the music is by far the best in any video game that I have ever experienced . If you experience this game for just one reason , it can be the music alone . Hey , I do n't hate Nobuo Uematsu , he 's a genius , but let 's let Yasunori Mitsuda hog the spotlight for just a minute ^_^ ; ; . With so many playable characters in the game , you 'll find yourself constantly replaying it just to see how the dialogue works differently with the plot.This game is pretty much perfect . I do n't sense any flaws in anything , but with so many characters , I can understand how it took Squaresoft a good , solid 10 months to translate !
 This is a follow-up to Chrono Trigger -LRB- SNES -RRB- , which many people consider to be the best RPG of all time . I was n't fortunate enough to play Chrono Trigger , and others like me , fret not . Despite subtle ties to its predecessor , this is an entirely new experience . RPG fans should love the innovative battle system . It 's actually fun , and rarely becomes tedious . The story is excellent , although the characters -LRB- over 40 of them ! -RRB- are n't very well developed . The graphics are the best PS1 has to offer , making exploration fun , too . It 's a quality game , there 's no doubt ; we should n't expect anything less from the greatest RPG developers on earth . I 'm a Squaresoft fan myself , and I 'm drawn to the storyline and characters in this kind of game . I could care less about random battles and flashy spells . Chrono Cross 's gameplay is so good , however , that despite my preferences , it was the gameplay and awesome boss battles that kept me playing . It 's that fun . Give it a rent if you do n't believe me !
 The game dose have good graphics compared to other games I played . When you begin you play the role of a young boy named Suerge . The game has 45 playable charecters.I RATE THIS GAME FIVE STARS
 This is an excellent game . It is hard to figure out how to fight at first , but it becomes more clear after the tutorial . I would defidently buy this game .
 Dang ! Squaresoft sure knows how to make some good RPG 's . So run down to the store now and purchase Chrono Cross . Back yet ? What you just purchased is a RPG that has just raised the bar for all games of the same genre to follow . Chrono Cross picks up 20 years after Chrono Trigger , if you played Chrono Trigger you will hear many familiar names . You do n't really have to play Chrono Trigger either to fully enjoy Chrono Cross . CC excels in every department . The battle system is unique and refreshing from previous square games . The story is rich and sports some dramatic twists . The music and graphics are unrivaled . Basically what you have is perfection . I found myself enjoying this more than Chrono Trigger and any Final Fantasy game , it is the best RPG ever . I can not tell you enough how much I enjoyed this game . What are you waiting for ? Pop in disc I and let the story unfold .
 Chrono Cross is a better than average RPG . It Lacks the CG Effects of the final fantasy series ' but has good points . I personnally like deeper plots -LRB- final fantsy VII and Xenogears -RRB- But it has a good plot and relativly soupy storyline . You get a decent feel about who Serge and Kid are but no one else has much personality . The end is a little corny but the game is well worth the time . It is a little short but challenging . I do on the other hand like the contact only battles . I hate trying to find something , and having to keep battling . In Crono Cross you see the enemies and most of the time you can avoid fighting the melee enemies . The other good thing is you can run from a boss and restore yourselves and try agin.I would say the good outways the bad A true RPG fan wouldnt pass this one up . Especially a true Squaresoft fan .
 Before I start this review let me get something out of the way , I hate RPG 's . They all are boring have terrible graphics and all seem the same . I would not have even played Chrono Cross if my brother had not purchased it , and I thought I just would not play it.One day though , I was feeling bord and decided to give it a try . What a great game it was . Chrono Cross is like an rpg packed inside an adventure game -LRB- and when I say that I do not meen an adventture/rpg like Zelda which is not an rpg . -RRB- . Besides the usaul rpg bad graphics -LRB- but good cinemas -RRB- there is nothing unfun about Chrono Cross . RPG haters , give this amazing game a try . You will like it . There is no game like Chrono Cross .
 This game is one of my all time favorite games , in the ranks of Xenogears , Vandal Heats 1 and 2 , Suikoden series , Final Fantasy Tatics , Final Fantasy 2 , and the Lunar Series . -RRB- The battle system is different , but change is good ! The battle system is based on elements , colors and percent rates . I have only two complaints , they are
 I was a major Chrono Trigger fan way back when . And when i heard that Crono was not the main character in the sequel , i was disappointed . I was wrong to think that . This game had beautiful backgrounds , beautiful music -LRB- Expecially the beginning intro -RRB- and the story is so compelling that you will not want to stop playing . At first it does not connect with the first game , but if you play it long enough , you will find that it does in many major ways . If you are an RPG fan , dont miss this game !
 Squaresoft has done it again . Just when you think that things ca n't get any better , they come out with something new . Of course the graphics are amazing , as with most other squaresoft games , but this isnt just a pretty game . There are so many endings that even a hardcore gamer would n't see them all . Many characters to choose from and a new battle mode . The fights are in depth and enjoyable . The music in the game is great , but really does n't show anything to set it above the rest . I highly recommend this game to anyone .
 Chrono Cross is an excellent sequel to the original SNES game `` Chrono Trigger '' . However , you do n't necessarily have to have played it to understand the plot of this game , but certain parts will be a little fuzzy.The plot flows nicely , and the graphics are very nice . The battle system is a little confusing at first , but it does n't take very long to get the hang of . With over 30 playable characters , the game is a lot of fun to play a second or third time through .
 I have to say , I am really impressed with Chrono Cross . The elements system is great and really good in battle , and there are no random battles ! On top of that , you do n't have to `` Level up '' at all because the system is made so well that beating a boss takes you at the exact level that you have to be . The 40 + playable characters are awsome and the story is brillinat with plenty of surprises ! You wo n't understand how much you like the game untill you finish it , and when you do , I garantee that you 'll play it again !
 I must have played Trigger a billion times , so of course I was totally excited about the fact Cross was coming out . When I bought it I found that I enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed Trigger . Everything in it is simply amazing . The music is at most very beautiful and set the scene at the moment . The graphics are great , but the game is n't all graphics and no gameplay , like some RPG games . The storyline is EXCELLENT , and I found myself getting into it very much so . It really tugs on your emotions at some points in the game.Would I tell anyone to get this game ? Of course ! This game is * great * for a newbie to RPG because it 's very easy to understand . After a few minutes I know I myself had already got used to the original battles .
 Chrono trigger is better than the sequel chrono cross . Square took out time travel and you can only go between two dimensions . I did n't like the way the characters level up . You have little or no control . I like to level my characters way up and gets lots of money but that was n't possible . I did enjoy the game thou because it was a decent rpg ... it just was n't the greatest . Not even square could outdo their original chrono trigger .
 Chrono Cross was a legacy in the making . I think that squaresoft did an excellent job of trying to follow a classic game that redefined RPGs . Although I do not like the new combat system , compared to that of Chrono Trigger , the game is still worthy of 5 stars .
 This title is another fantastic addition to Square Soft 's long list of RPG games . As a father of two young gamers and interested in what they 're playing this one is my new favorite . Square Soft fans will find similarities in the story and battle system with the Final Fantasy series in Chrono Cross . But , CC I find is even better . The travel between map areas and access to items , while not radically different , is easier and more intuitive . Coupled with great graphics , characters and story this one is worthy successor to Soft 's line and has us looking forward to FF IX . Parents who watch what their children play in video games should be encouraged to take part in this one with its intriguing storyline .
 I had some trouble with the shifting between worlds , but other than that , the game was wonderful . The graphics were excellent for a PSX game , and the storyline was detailed and interesting .
 This game redefined the term RPG . Everything from the music to the ever-winding plot was nothing short of flawless , not to mention everything else that revolutionized the genre . The new battle system was based along the lines of Final Fantasy Tactics , enabling you to avoid enemies or fight them as you see fit . You can also flee from ANYBODY , even the final boss . There can also be more characters in your roster in this one game than the last four Final Fantasies combined , about forty characters.The graphics really pushed the PS1 to its limits , with not a single edgy polygon to be found . Not to mention that the story will keep you guessing . In other words , DO NOT USE A PLAYER `` S GUIDE ! You will regret if you do , I promise . Anyway , one of the best elements to this game is the music . I 've played a lot of games , and this is definitely in the top three . If you want to see a better review , go to Gamespot.com , and see their review . Let me put it to you this way
 Squaresoft followed up what is widely considered the greatest RPG of all-time - Chrono Trigger - by releasing what is widely considered the greatest PSX RPG of all-time in Chrono Cross . There will be no arguement from me on the latter part.This lack of an arguement is mostly due to the fact that the storyline is out of this world , no pun intended . The plot manages not to stray from your typical RPG plot , but also does n't keep it too close to the vest so as to bore the hell out of the player . It would be impossible not to divulge any secrets that would spoil your romp through the game . Yet , what can be said is that you will encounter a myriad of plot twists as you travel between different dimensions of time using one of your forty potential characters.Chrono Trigger fans will also enjoy the subtle references to the original classic . Most sequels will bend over backwards in its ' attempt to constantly inject references to the previous title , almost to the point where there really is n't a second plot . As many have said , Chrono Cross does n't continue where Chrono Trigger left off so much as it expanded on it.Chrono Cross ' battle system is second to only Grandia II in terms of overall enjoyment . Not coincidentally , both games moved away from the typical RPG battles and moved towards creating one where the player has a lot more control over the situation . This starts with allowing you to see your enemies - on the map/in a dungeon - before encountering them . In other words , there are no random battles . To add to that , you have a 100 % escape rate ... no matter who the enemy is.As for the battle itself , there is a lot to do . Fatigue points -LRB- somewhat like Xenogears -RRB- has filled in for the standard Active Time system . Each attack/spell you use takes a different amount of points and it is up to the player to properly manage your moves or be rendered unable to attack the next round.Graphically , the game is still pleasurable to the eye even now , four years later . The music is also fantastic , which is typical of a Squaresoft product . Combined , the two aspects - sound and graphics - provide you with a sense of anticipation every time you move to a new area.It is recommended that you go back in time and get your mittens on this classic . While it may seem strange to be loading up an older Playstation title , you wo n't feel out of place for long .
 Although the gameplay can seem very tedious at times , with all the fetchquests and puzzles , Chrono Cross is a great game . Its best quality would have to be its replay value . There are so many things to do , and so many playable characters , all with their own distinct abilities and attcks in battle . The color based system is very unique , and very easy to get used to . Opposites do not attract . If you can remember that , you 're fine .
 This game makes the top 10 of all time greats on PSX . The game is gorgeous even though its on the PSX . The music is even better . Suqare put a lot of time in this game . The story moves at a fairly decent pace but some people may want to get moving with game . The battle system is where this game shines and faulters at the same time . You can choose 3 different levels of attack , the harder the attack the less chance it will hit . As you hit the enemy you build a meter that allows you to use magic . Magic is heavily depended on elemental properties . What this means is that your characters and enemy all have an innate element color black and white , green and yellow , blue and red . Your innate white characters attack and use white magic strong against black innate enemies , normal against other colors except white . White being the same will take less damage . This makes for good stategy except for one problem . You can only use magic one time in one battle . This is scary . What I mean is , lets say your charachter has 8 slots for magic . You put magic of different colors in each slot . If you you use a blue icelance in battle it is not available for the rest of the battle . It can be used in the next battle you fight . Sadly you will have to know what the bosses color is before going into battle to make character and magic adjustments . Good news is most boss battles allow you to run after you 've seen the bosses color.Leveling up is not a chore and is done fairly automatic . To keep battles fair -LRB- in what sense I 'm not sure -RRB- the game holds off on letting charchter levels get higher than the game progression . After boss fights is where charachters level up . After that a few random battles top off stats the rest can be avoided . Boss fights are n't easy and having a higher level would ease the tension.I 've been killed several times going into boss fights . Near the end boss get stronger the more you pound them.overall a great game to add to your collection , but can frustrate those who think they can walk through a game without dying .
 If you are looking for an RPG game thats STILL has no equal this is it . I have played Final fantasy X and X-2 at my best friends house . I laughed at his games and showed him my game . Chrono Cross has little movie things -LRB- for a lack of a better word -RRB- that blow PS2 out of the water . The colors are good but it can get blurry if you have a huge TV . The game itself is pretty long with many endings . It is challenging so dont think youll beat it really fast without a guide.There are many characters you can choose from and you dont have to fight everything that exists . the fights do not take turns so they are more realistic . All in all this is better than any Final fantasy that i have had the mispleaser to see .
 First off , if you 're looking for a direct sequal to Chrono Trigger you 'll have to go somewhere else.While Crono Trigger , especially the Anthology version released with FFVI on the PSone , does reference Chrono Cross and Chrono Cross does make minor reference to Chrono Trigger this should be viewed as an independent game with simply as in-depth of a story as Chrono Trigger ... probably more so.I 've read negative commentary on the graphics . This is an old game , on par with FFVII or VIII as opposed to IX or X . The cut-scenes are still as dramatic , colorful , and engaging as one could only hope for , which is all that 's really wanted as far as graphics in a good , not overly linear RPG , right?I say not overly linear because while every RPG has set goals you need to complete to beat the game the game does n't force you into just one set path to do so.Early on you have a choice of three paths , where you 'll have to load the game with a New Game + if you want to see and use all of those characters.Likewise there are other points that allow for freedom of movement , which , IMHO , makes any RPG much more engaging and enjoyable than anything Square has been recently putting out .
 I 'll start off by saying this probably my second or thrid favorite RPG ever , behind the flawless FFVII . I love the elments of this RPG , it mixes the puzzle menu thing FFII has , how you see and run into your enemies like in SNES ' FF Mystic Quest , and probably more that I have n't seen yet . The graphics and art look beautiful and music is good also . The story is good and not very difficult to understand , yet it 's hard to keep up the characters there 's so many ! It 's pretty long , it took me a few months to beat the game and I find myself still playing it sometimes since I got it last year . I 've never played the prequel to this game , because I 'm cheap and was n't into RPGs too much back in the SNES days , but I liked FFMQ . I 've heard Chrono Trigger is amazing and sometimes referred to as the best RPG ever . So , buy this or FF Chronicles to see a good series with a Chrono Trigger !
 For all you nostalgicists ou there , you will probably agree with me that Chrono Trigger may be the greatest RPG ever , with the possible exception of Final Fantasy VI in terms of story and Final Fantasy VII in terms of gameplay . However , what separated this game from others is that it dealt with issues that directly affected the pathos of the player . The theme of every action produces different reactions was very salient and changed the way I acted personally . When I picked up Chrono Cross , I was initially skeptical not only about the new multi-dimensional facet of the game , but also the idea of managing over 40 characters . Anyway , lets start with the story.The story of Chrono Cross takes place twenty years after the events that transpired in Chrono Trigger . You are Serge , a resident of the curiously peaceful southern El Nido Archipelago . Everything is fine until you are at the beach and you are pulled into an alternate dimension of your own world . The story takes you on paths through each of these two dimensions , and leads you to the conclusion of why the dimensional split occured and how each world is in danger and must be saved . The story is truly incredible and is rich with mature themes that separate the Chrono series from others . It deals with the idea of separate identities and multiple consequenses to actions . The story is multibranching based on the characters you decide to recruit . I was initikally worried about the lack of saliency each character would have , but luckily almost all the characters are important to the story , with four or five major characters fleshed out . I do not want to give anything else away , so I will move to gameplay.The battle system is truly revolutionary . First of all , you can see your enemies before fighting them , and then once battle commences , you can run at all times . The battle is dictated by stamina . Each character has seven stamina points . Each also has level 1-3 attacks , weak to fierce respectively . A weak attack has a high percentage of connection , and will deplete one stamina point . Transversly a fierce attack depletes three points and has a low chance of connection . However , each attack will also raise the elemental grid . each character has an elemental affinity that dictates what spells they are good at casting and what they are strong or weak against . For example , Serge is white , so he is strong with white and weak against black elements and attack . There are a plethora of elements to use for each of the six colors and management of elements and stamina is crucial , as usage of an element will decrease stamina by seven points . So you must make sure that one character has positive stamina points at all time , or your enemies willl attack more frequently . It seems confusing , but it isnt really . Also , characters grow through every battle . There is no experience or level gaining , and after boss battles , the elemental grid for each character grows . Each character also has an individual grid . Also , there is a field effect . When a field effect is one whole color , the elements and characters of that color will become stronger while becoming wekaer to other elements . It is a system of balance . Also , each character has a weapon that can be built up through item acquisition and forgery . The game is lengthy as well . And it has a variety of endings to keep you playing . On to graphics.The graphics are truly beautiful , the best on PSX . The colors are natural and organic exceot for a few industrial areas , which are stolid and stoic , which seems boring , but correlates well with the story -LRB- you will see -RRB- . The spell efffects are n't as elaborate as ones in Final Fantasy , but are quite beautiful . The characters also are quite detailed from head to toe and convey their personalities well . They also have accents !! The characters facial expressions , though thew same throughout the game , convey there pervasive emotions well . For example , the reticent and grefstricken dragoon Glenn always has a stoic expression that seems to hide internal turmoil and grief . On to sound.The score is beautiful to say the least . Sometimes I forgot that it was electronically arranged . I have already ourchased the soundtrack . Each track correlates well with the environment that it is set in . With sweeping arias and multicultural influences in many tracks , the score is awesome and will have you humming along.In closing , Chrono Cross is a beautiful looking and sounding game that contains a fast and intuitive battle system that contains a multitude of strategic combinations to explore -LRB- double and triple character techs , anyone ? -RRB- And the story is one that will have you questioning the relevance of your existence , the existence of god and even if we are controlled a la The Matrix . It will question your faith in other people and even yourself . It will make you question every decision you make and consider consequences in the most meticulous way . It is an extremely engrossing tale containing themes of love , hate , jealousy , bigotry , and of uncertain futures and existence . What if you knew that you were going to die ? What would you do about it ? This game puts you in that position . PLAY IT NOW . In fact , play this before Trigger . It doesnt matter . Play both .
 Chrono Cross is one of the few games that does n't require that you play the predecessor first to understand the story . This was good news for me because I played Cross and then Trigger . Yeah that 's kind of backwards logic , but I still got hours of entertainment out of this title.Cross 's best features are the gameplay , rich story lines , loads of characters that you can add to your party , and it 's replay quality . To be honest I have n't played this game in some time , and I would gladly replay it again because of how fun it is.If you do n't find the above convincing , just remember most of Squaresoft 's games are amazing with the exception of Vagrant 's Story but that 's my opinion . Even so , they have a great trade in value because people will pay top dollar for these quality games .
 This game seriously gets me pumped . I play it every couple of years and it never disappoints . Chrono Cross should be on every ones favorite RPG shelf next to Xenogears and Final Fantasy 7 . It 's just that great of a game . The story line is what takes the cake for me , throughout the whole game nothing is fed to you . You basically write the story and have to figure out where to go and what to do , items to use , etc. ... Make sure to have a notebook and pen ready when playing because the story is very vast , entertaining , and ca n't be taken in easily . Hands down one of the best RPG 's I 've ever played and I 'm writing this review in 2012 .
 Graphically , Chrono Cross is nothing short of stunning . While Square 's Final Fantasy is glossy and polished , Chrono Cross has an organic feel lacking in the former 's `` perfect '' environments . Vibrant color , creative design , and just the right amount of ambient effects bring the settings to life . Again , while Final Fantasy drops your characters into a small subsection of a large , epic environment , Chrono Cross lets you explore every nook and cranny of scandalously detailed towns , buildings , and dungeons . While we do n't intend to slight Final Fantasy 's excellent graphics and design , many gamers will prefer the more down-to-earth , personal , and `` gritty '' feel of Chrono Cross . The environments are well worn and lived in , not just-constructed movie sets .
 This game is one of my all time favorites , so to get it at the price I bought it was excellent . The game was in perfect condition and was delivered in great time . I would recommend buying from this company to everyone .
 I ordered this item based on the main picture -LRB- shows the black box version -RRB- , but they sent me the greatest hits version , which I do n't want.What a waste of time.Otherwise , this is a great game . It was just a misrepresentation of the product sold .
 I bought this game because it is the sequel to one of my favorite games of all time , Chrono Trigger . I heard that this game is different than Chrono Trigger . I understand where they are coming from but I absolutely love this game as well . The new battle system is weird to get used to but I loved it when I got the hang of it . The story although slow at first picks up later and is a TRUE sequel to Chrono Trigger unlike what other people told me . The game has an extensive amount of playable characters and even though some do n't contribute to the overall story much there is still a large amount of likable characters to play as . Overall , I recommend this game to anyone who liked Chrono Trigger and I recommend you play Chrono Trigger game first though .
 nothing negative to say . i knew the game i was purchasing and it came in original packaging and works like a new game should . overall a satisfied customer
 When I first heard about Chrono Cross and researched it a little , I knew I wanted to play it . When I found it in stock and at a reasonable price , I was really happy . I checked the price of a PS2 game on Amazon that I 'd bought at a used game store and was surprised to find its price was now 94 dollars . I realized I 'd lucked out with both that game and Chrono Cross , which I 'd been expecting to be pretty expensive.The game got to me quickly and in good condition . I started playing it right away and it had no obvious problems . A review I read for Chrono Cross said the game froze around 30 hours but that has n't happened for me -LRB- hopefully it wo n't , and that review was from quite a few years ago , so probably the problem has been resolved -RRB- . I 'm glad that I got a chance to hear about and play this game . Thank you !
 Sequel to Chrono Trigger -LRB- the greatest RPG on the SNES , which pioneered features that redefined the genre , including multiple endings and new game + -RRB- and the limited release and ultimately dull text adventure Radical Dreams , Chrono Cross is close to a masterpiece.As always , Squaresoft delivers the graphics we expect -LRB- admittedly , they seem dated now , but the cutscenes still look good to this day -RRB- and the complex story we crave . Balanced over two discs , you 're able to recruit 50 characters to help your quest -LRB- though not all on the same playthrough , so choose carefully -RRB- which is deep and has fun spiritual allegories . Without spoilers , this game also features one of the greatest `` No Way ! '' twists in the genre.Battles are fun , and though they can get repetitive , the action system coupled with the way Elements are used provide some spice to the grinding . The only major drawback is the allocation and equipment engine , which are dated even among it contemporaries , prepare to re-do a lot of the same work every time you swap out a party member.Overall , this game provides a rich experience , and though the story is only tangential to the games that precede it , it carries a depth of story coupled with well placed humor for those who want a game they can explore fully .
 this is a game that i 've been searching for quite a while now . when i first played it , the disc was n't in good condition and i could n't even get past the first cutscene . i looked for years for this game , but could n't seem to find it in the condition i wanted or in my price range at the time . i 'm so happy that i was able to find it on amazon , and it 's been one of the best investment 's i made since i bought final fantasy 7 . the music is great , the graphics bring back old memories , and the gameplay makes me want to play this game over and over . i 'm very satisfied with my purchase
 Definitely an awesome game . RPG fans will love it . Chrono Trigger fans will love it . And people who love super awesome story lines ? Oh they are in for a treat !! It may be seven years old , but Chrono Cross still sets the bar for role playing games everywhere .
 This is not your average RPG . This is a great sequel to Chrono Trigger , which this game is based off of . The puzzles are much more difficult , there are way more people to get to join your party , a very unique battle system that will keep you entertained , and there 's also new game + . The only con that I would say to the game is that there are so many great characters to play , and you can only have three party members at a time , one of whom is fixed . So you only get to choose 2 out of about 40 or something . That 's a hard choice to make .
 This game is ridiculously beautiful and lush with detail.What an art piece ! I am in love!If only all games were as full of such vibrant characters and atmosphere . * Sigh * - The music is stunning-Kid is hilarious ^ ^ - Fantastic witty dialogue-Full of Color and life-Great replay value!Recommended to any gamer , any age or type ! : D
 Amazon sells The Greatest Hits version of Chrono Cross . The picture on this site is fake . I was misleaded by the picture and bought `` The Greatest Hits '' version instead . Amazon said they will `` correct the problem with the picture showed . '' Do n't buy directly from Amazon.All copies that Amazon sells are The Greatest Hits version . This version freezes near the end of Disc 1 . I warn all of you not to buy from Amazon . They 've acknowledged that many people returned their copies because of this.This review was written on June 6 , 2007 .
 Received the exact product I ordered in a timely matter . Will order from vendor again . Great job .
 I severely think this game is under rated . Its the sequel to Chrono Trigger but has almost a completely new engine . Personally , I think this game is great and deserves better ratings .
 In a world where RPGs are seeming to lose their originality , Chrono Cross brings a storyline that is original and different than anything else seen before -LRB- except Chrono Trigger in some ways -RRB- . While most RPGs usually only let you have about 8 members in your team , there are 40 different characters to employ in your quest to find the Frozen Flame . The only catch to this is that you have to play a New Game + to get all 40 . There are certain points in the game where you have to make a decision that will dramatically affect the way the storyline moves along . It all depends on what you want to do . The only bad part about this game is that it is just a little too short , but immersive anyway . The cutscenes are beautiful , the storyline is original , and the battle system is fun -LRB- even if just a little easy -RRB- . You 'll have trouble trying to find anything wrong with this game . If you have n't played it yet , go and buy it you sucker !!!
 I think that this game is a good sequel to the game chrono trigger . I liked the story and i like the cinematic design of the game . it 's very entertaing seeing how this is my first RPG that i played that 's not final fantasy . i think this game has a great potential and should be checked out by RPG lovers . it 's a very moving game with some hard bosses but its a game to remember . 4/5 stars .
 This is one of my favorite games of all time . The music is the best I 've heard in any game . If you liked Chrono Trigger , you 'll love this . Even though it 's the sequal to CT , you CAN understand the story in this game -LRB- the story is BEAUTIFUL -RRB- . Almost everything that happened in Chrono Trigger is explained . CT does help you understand the story a little better , though . The graphics are great -LRB- for playstation -RRB- and colorful compared to other great rpgs * coughfinalfantasy8cough * . The battle system is great , even though it has almost nothing to do with CT 's battle system . It 's still great , though . You equip ` elements ' -LRB- special attacks -RRB- . You have to land a physical hit on the enemy to use elements and go from there . The ONLY bad thing about the battle system is that each person only has 3 ` techs ' , which are personal special attacks . -LRB- everyone had about 20 in CT -RRB- . The special effects are awesome . Also , having 44 characters may seem like a lot , but when you actually play the game you 'll no problem about the # of characters . Do like cool FMVs ? If you do , you will absolutely fall in love with this game . They 're just as good , if not better , as Final Fantasy 7 , 8 , 9 , and just about every game on the super-systems -LRB- Dreamcast , PS2 , GameCube , XBox -RRB- . They 're that good . Some reviews say that the final boss is disappointing . Actually , the main reason they say this is because there 's no music during that fight . Stinks , huh ? Squaresoft makes up for that by making the BEST music on the planet everywhere besides the last boss . A couple of the songs are from FF9 and others are revised songs from Chrono Trigger . A cool feature -LRB- straight from CT -RRB- is ` New Game + ' . When you beat the game , you can start a new one with all the stats , elements , and weapons -LRB- except for 2 or 3 special ones -RRB- from your old file . If you like to be ultra-powerful then obliterate everyone in your path , you will LOVE this feature . Did I mention there are 12 endings in this game ? Cool , huh ? The only way to get them is to use ` New Game + ' . This a truly beautiful game .
 In case many of you may not know , Chrono Cross wa n't originally the Chrono Trigger sequel . CC is derived from a game obtainable only by a downloadable game service for Super Famicom -LRB- The name for SNES in Japan -RRB- called Satellaview . The Satellaview came with a Memory Cartrige you could store things you downloaded like codes , games , and what not . One of the games you could download was called `` RADICAL DREAMERS . '' This focused around a boy named Serge , a girl named Kid , and another man named Gil -LRB- Gil was short for Magil , who , in America , is known as Magus from Chrono Trigger -RRB- who were trying to steal the Frozen Flame from Yameoko , -LRB- I think that 's his name -RRB- who in America is known as Lynx . The game is only obtainable in America by downloading an Emulator and the Japanese ROM , however , the only translations in progress today are either stopped or only in the VERY beginning stages . You 'll see many references in Chrono Cross to RADICAL DREAMERS , and you can find most of them by going to www.gamefaqs.com and reading ToastyFrog 's Flashback FAQ on Chrono Cross . Ahh ... if only I knew Japanese , I 'd be in heaven .
 This game takes place on a group of islands twenty years after the events of Chrono Trigger . This game also takes place between two parallal worlds hence the name Chrono CROSS . In this game you have the ability to recruit up to 44 characters . To get all of them you will need to play through the game at least 3 times . You will probably WANT to play the game more times anyway depending on how long it takes you understand the story line considering it is VERY complex.I would n't recommend this game to someone who does n't like RPG 's or long games . It took me at least 50 + hours to get through the game the first time , and that was with the guide book !!! If you plan on getting this game I would also suggest the guide book for it as well . Because there are somethings you would not find for the life of you unless you had something telling where to go and what to do . For example some of the characters 7th level tech skills are impossible to find and get without the book . You can find the Chrono Cross Guide on Amazon as well , but beware it usually is n't cheap.If you liked any of the Final Fantasy games you would probably like this game as well.Something else to keep in mind is that the battle system is somewhat different that any other game you do n't use MP , you use what are called elements . These take the place of magical attacks . There is a down side to the elements though when you wish to change characters you must remove all the elements you had on that character so you can place them on another character . This can be VERY TIME CONSUMING especially later in the game when you have lots of element slots to fill . Beware you WILL HAVE to do this a lot . But do n't let that get you down . This is an exellant game despite all that.With all that being said I would highly recommend this game to any RPG fan.Hope this review helps .
 While it shares the Name `` Chrono '' many people think it is a horrible sequel , It in fact is not a direct sequel like so many people think it is . It is a very well rounded and amazing game to play , It follows up twenty years after the Fall of lavos . Keep in mind when playing this game that it is a Chronological sequel rather than a direct sequel that so many people fail to realize.While the game has numerous playable characters , it still maintains a very good story , if you follow it closely , but at times , can become very confusing if you miss certain details . Chrono Cross will net you around 30-40 hours of gameplay , and if you do n't stop playing the game for extended amounts of time , the story just becomes completly amazing .
 Chrono Cross is one in a hundred or even a thousand games . The graphics are astounding , for its time at least , and Mitsuda 's music is so captivating that at times I 'd just stop playing for a few moments to listen . Some of the first few battles can be easy or hard , depending on how quickly you grasp the Elemental system -LRB- I did n't realize it was there until I died about nine times without it , but that 's just me -RRB- , and they grow progressively tougher to the point that some of the sidequests are almost impossible without New Game + . New Game + is the handy little invention that lets you beat the socks off that annoying Pentapus without even getting your hands dirty . While there are forty or so characters , they each have their own stories and it lets you combine them so that , at certain times , their Techniques will be even more powerful . Regrettably , the sheer number will probably make you feel like you 're trying to hunt them down and there will usually be about twenty or thirty that you never use anyway . There have also been complaints about the normal battle theme , although I did n't see anything wrong with it and actually like it . My main beef with Chrono Cross is the ending . It seems to wrap things up rather nicely , combining all the Elements in one last stand , but it seems more like Square just wanted to throw in a final reference to Chrono Trigger and pull Lavos and Schala back into play . It probably would have made more sense if the game just ended after the boss preceeding that one , because Chrono Trigger 's involvement is rather limited and if you 're seeking a direct sequel , seek elsewhere . I realize that I may be a bit biased , since Chrono Cross raised me as a gamer , but I still think it 's the best thing since TV and I do n't think Square can ever match it .
 INTRO
 Wow , what can you say about such an adictive game ? RPG fans , this game 's for you ! With highly detailed movies , deeply involved plots , and a fighting system like no other , this game will surely blow you away!The characters are detailed , full of personailty , and able to make you laugh , cry , or simply hate them ! -LRB- ^ . ^ ' -RRB- With the recruiting system , you ca n't find all the characters playing the game through once . You have to beat it , and play again ! Replaying value is great , because after you beat the game around the first time , you can beat it again for totally new endings ! Now , how can you be unhappy with one game with several endings ? Believe me , you 'll want to play this game over and over.If you like Final Fantasy , Legend of Dragoon , or any of these type games , I recommend this for you .
 Let me start by saying ... WOW ! This is the most beautiful game to ever hit the playstation . The graphics are better than that of Final Fantasy VIII -LRB- even though there are less FMVs -RRB- . Chrono Cross continues the tale of Chrono Trigger in an interesting way . At first the player will wonder `` what does this have to do with Chrono Trigger ? '' , but as more of the story is revealed , the stories will tie in nicely . There are a few returning characters , but who they are would spoil the game , especially the ending . I liked this game a lot , and it is a must-have for squaresoft fans . My only problem with it is that there are WAY too many characters and this is often confusing . None of the characters are that well developed . Kid , Serge , and Lynx are , but none of the others are really important in continuing the story of Chrono Trigger . Anyway , the story is very confusing , and you 'll find yourself wanting to read an explanation when your done with it 35 hours after you start . But , the game is excellent .
 To start off , this game is so far one of the best I have ever played ! It is even given the standard to be equally reperable with FF VII ! Basically for along time I was out of the video game gig and really wase n't interrested in them . Then I saw the an advertisement on TV for this and I was blown away ! I bought it and eventually got right back into the groove . Although many say the prequeal , Chrono Trigger , was better I have to say not . Chrono Cross has it 's own original story and many say it was a disapointment . But everyone was expecting too much of the game and do n't enjoy the beauty of the game ! It has great characters -LRB- Especially Harle and Nikki ! -RRB- and a great plot ! With the world hangging in the balance one boy named Serge to save it ! With the time travel element and the choice of an arsenal characters ; which makes the game take a different turn every time you play ; you will never get board . Especially if you chose to have Nikki and go to the Concert . The ending is also very good ! And if your like me you will want to beat the game but want to have more to the story once you beat it ! This is an entrapping RPG which to me many missed when it wase n't exactly another Chrono Trigger . TRUST ME if you even like any type of Video Game , BUY THIS ONE !
 I played the Japanese version of this game and I am also an old fan of Chrono Trigger for SNES and I 'm telling you that this game is a must-buy if you value your sanity . The graphics are outstanding and the battles are fun just like in CT. . The story is also outstanding and you 'll feel all nostalgic when you hear references from CT in CC -LRB- the Masamune sword and Magus 's sister Schala just to name a few of the returning faces -RRB- . This game also features about 40 characters to play and the hottest Squaresoft heroine ever , Kid -LRB- yeah , she 's even hotter than Ayla from CT -RRB- . Overall this game rocks , so just shut up and buy it if you know what 's good for you .
 Friend wanted to finish game , said it was awsome so I bought it and gave it to him . He loved it and enjoys having it .
 Chrono cross is an masterpiece , I remember back in the early 2000 's when i had an ps1 and was 13 , now 10 ears later , I still love this game . The story is very true , passionate , the music is the bomb , just memorable , and the gameplay is amazing . Loads of characters to pla with and understand , just buy the game . Either off amazon , ebay or even the psn store . But id as if you have an ps1 or ps2 , buy the game retail , nothing matches up to having the game in the old or new school way . Classic , buy it honestly . 10/10
 i ca n't say enough good things about this game . its a solid masterpiece in every aspect . - AMAZING soundtrack . - great characters and plenty of them to use ! - very deep storyline - easy to understand - fun gameplay - acceptable game lengththis is one game that CAN NOT be missed . it has subtle ties to the predecessor Chrono Trigger which will forever be my favorite game of all time but chrono cross definitely has a different essence all together . and its captivating . i love this game and i know any other RPG / final fantasy fan will love this .
 Chrono cross is an interesting game with a unique battle system . Sort of a real-time/turn-based hybrid . The world is well drawn and fun to explore . This is one of those games that you can really lose yourself in . A lot of freedom to move around . You can plow through , do it all or take any of many paths.This game is n't chrono trigger , but what is?Even though it 's not chrono trigger or FF3 -LRB- 6 -RRB- , it 's up there with them.If you enjoy classic RPGs , you 'll enjoy chrono cross . Give it a couple play sessions before you make up your mind -- some of the gameplay takes a little bit to get used to , but once it 's second nature the game plays like butter : -RRB-
 Chrono cross is amazing . There is so much to do it would take a lifetime to complete everything , well maybe not a lifetime , but it is an awesome game . It is definently one of the best RPGs that I have ever played . The seller deserves the highest rating possible . The game was shipped immediately and in perfect condition as the seller said . I recommend this seller to anyone who wants a game at a great price and fast shipping . Will buy from this seller again .
 I guess this is an older game , but my son says it is hard t find good RPG games anymore . He really likes this one and says that it is fun and difficult enough to keep him intrigued . He plays this game on the playstation 2 . I am a dope and forgot to buy the memory card for this game . I guess it needs a memory card for the PS1 not the ps2 memory card we already have . ah well ... live and learn .
 If you have n't beaten Chrono Trigger , OR have n't gotten to the VERY end of this game , this game 's rating is probably a 2.5 out of 5 . If you HAVE beaten Chrono Trigger , and HAVE gotten all the way to the end of this game , then the rating is a 5 out of 5 . The graphics are pretty good , the soundtrack is maybe the best in game history -LRB- see Xenogears -RRB- , but the characters and story range from awful to mediocre . If not for the context of Chrono Trigger , this is at BEST a mediocre RPG -LRB- and for typical Square fans , probably pretty below average -RRB- . But again , the fact that Chrono Trigger exists makes this game , depending on your progress through it , jump to be being near perfect .
 I LOVE THIS GAME . How can i emphasis this even more . i own two copies of the game , long story . This came out in the year 2000 as the PS2 hit shelves . It is the sequel to Chrono Trigger , which i never played , but will . Chrono Cross has a great storyline , memorable characters with different accents and personalities , very high replay value , great graphics , excellent music and you get to fight against FATE and dragons . Need i say more . There are some bad things like i find myself hating 30 of the 40 characters and Lynx , is one of them . Square seemed to hate the black elements as two of them are chance instant death , which works rarely . You will love Serge especially at the end of the first disc because the white elements are just powerful and devastating to enemies.Overall the game should be placed on everyone 's top ten list right beside Xenosaga Episode 1 and Super Mario World . The game is unique and entertaining , if you have Chrono Trigger , then it is a must buy , if you never heard of it , then it is a must buy , this got me into RPGs . So , thank you Squaresoft -LRB- Square-Enix -RRB- .
 I 'm a huge fan of video games , I have been ever since i can remember . I 've definitely played my fair share of video games in my life , and i still do . I 've never found a game as amazing and memorable as Chrono Cross . I remember when it came out and i could n't wait until my 13th birthday so my parents would let me get it . I still have my original copy , and i 've beat it countless time . The gameplay is amazing and the soundtrack is unmatched by any other video game soundtracks . Every aspect of this game makes it rise above all else , graphics -LRB- for its time , rendered of course like any rpg of its time -RRB- , plot , music , gameplay , characters , etc. . I guess you just ca n't beat the classics .
 I 'm not really good at typing reviews , but this is a really awesome game and any fans of the RPG genre should get this a play . This is a true sequel to the game Chrono Trigger and worth the money
 Ok , what can i say about Chrono Cross ... ? how about ... wonderful , fun , interesting , brilliant , ETC.Chrono Cross has a bloody cool plot , and i actually ENJOY the fight scenes . It 's so much fun , i can choose my companions on the trip , and it 's always a blast flying through demensions chasing after a cat!Just sadly , i have to say , your character and his party do n't run/walk as fast as a normal rpg game , and some of the bossess are just plain nasty . their were points in the game where i just gave up cause the old guy in the armor kept kicking my arse to the moons.W / that aside , any serious RPG ` er wants this in their collection .
 Here is list of the for beast attack use on that annoying boss Lyn.Best moves to use for fastest winsFirst best move frost blast from guile does 86 health points damage depending on your level and equiptment statusSecond bes sage movies cross slash can do 61 health points damage . Wanding from guile dose is decent also does 68 damageThird best movie sages Imbessla does 54 health points damage.Lynx has 700 to 1000 hp so this might take away .
 when i first bought it i got it confused with legend of dragoon because i did not now the name of the game at that time and after i bought it i started to like the game and im still playing the game after beaten it so many times
 Chrono Cross , which is a semi sequel to 1995 's Chrono Trigger , cant even come close to its former games plateua . Chrono Trigger is arguably the greatest RPG ever created . So while Chrono Cross is ` not as good ' it still does a whole heck of a lot of things right.The gameplay , story , and battles in this game are all top notch.Its fun to get a handle over the numerous tough boss battles in this game because of the elemental magics strategic system . Black beats white and red beats blue , etc.Its always fun and interesting to see what the next dungeon or boss has to offer . The gameplay is never sluggish and will always keep you on your toes.Also , when you beat the game you have an option to replay the entire game again with all of your beefed up characters from before . And if things are going slow you can speed them up with a fast forward button on your second play through the game . Truly brilliant!So why does this game get 4 out of 5 if it is so darn good?Because of its confusing/tedious magic system and over abundance of characters.Most of the magics and summons in this game are a joy to watch and to behold their might . But in this game there are no magic points and you must ` equip ' every single magic spell you have . That could mean 50 + spells to equip per character ! Setting up each character late in the game can take upwards of 5-10 minutes easily . And each spell can only be cast once per battle unless you buy multiples of that spell.And probably the games worst point is its ridiculous amount of characters . Chrono Trigger had something like 7 recruitable characters that you can play as , each with their own terrific and unforgettable personalities.Chrono Cross has 44 recruitable characters .95 % of your 40 + characters have the personality of a wood stool . Some characters will literally say ` Can i join your party ' than join and NEVER say anything else EVER again!Having 44 playable characters instead of 7 spreads each one way too thin and makes them all lose individuality.In the end this game is still one of the greatest rpgs ever made for the first Playstation . While its few flaws keep it from being a true classic , it is still one of the greatest rpg experiences to be had in the past 5 years .
 It 's a shame this game is so old that it is now discountiniued , because it 's one of the greatest games in history . I could go on constantly and generally , but I think it 'll be better if I cut this up.Plot - Mind boggling . That 's an understatement . The plot has an incredible amount of depth and twists , it 's simply amazing . One minute you 're wondering why something is happening , sudden ; y you know it but you do n't care anymore because now you want to know who some person is . Keeps you guessing till the very end . It does a good job explaining what happened in Chrono Trigger -LRB- which is even better than Chrono Cross , go play it , I 'll review it sometime -RRB- . Graphics - Stunning . This game is unbelievably colorful . Everything is well detailed and tweaked to perfection . Nothing ever seems out of place or lacking in color . There is even a time when there is too much of it -LRB- evil alternate dimension -RRB- . The elements are attractive . Very nice.Sound - If this game was totally crappy in all other aspects , this one would still make this game worth a play . The music is majestic . Seems like there was an orchestra at every point in this game . The sound effects when using key items or weapons/elements in battle are shocking.Misc - The battle system owns your life . Similar to the one in Xenogears . The hgame controls very well , even with the speed altering item recieved in new game + / continue + . Lots of characters and tuns of fun.The one downer is that you must go through the game at least 3 times around to get all characters , and the replay value is moderate due to the size of this game ... but the extras help and make it worth it ^ ^
 Chrono Cross isnt like Chrono Trigger , however , it does take after the game and formed itself into one brilliant RPG masterpeice . I have had it for 2 years now and i STILL love playing it over and over again , getting different endings , and re-living the storyline . You do not want to miss out on this game . Plus , i think some of the songs on it are pretty good for the game itself . A true must have game , BUY IT
 Those fed up with slow gameplay from the FF series can suffer no more , as the medicine has arrived , and boy does it taste good . The sluggish turn-based gameplay has been replaced with fast paced strategy and beautiful `` elements '' , which replace items and magic . There are weak , strong , and fierce attacks , which vary in accuracy . However , as you build up attacks and burn stamina , you raise your element power , which enables you to use higher power elements . Incidentially , any built up element power you have at the end of your battle can be used to heal your party . Though complicated on paper , this is incredibly intricate , and , more importantly , FUN.Those , however , who ca n't get enough of Squaresoft 's trademark twisting plots and jaw dropping graphics , will not be disappointed , as the story is just as engrossing and explosive as those from the classics you 've grown to love . It 's not as though it makes much of a difference , but graphics are still as lavish and beautiful , looking as though they were hand painted . The cutscenes , though far and few between , are beautiful and exhibit Squaresoft 's amazing storytelling ability even without speech.The minor characters have slightly underdeveloped personalites , but are all great fighters in their own rights . The main characters are much more interesting , and will be more frequently popping up in the game , reguardless of whether or not you decide to play them.All in all , this is a worthy investment of time and money , and worth playing over and over for different endings . However , due to the nonlinear world and multiple hidden characters , buying the strategy guide is also a good idea to the rookie gamer
 I personally think that this game is the best in all of video-game history . I 've played this games predessor and I think they both kick ` arse ' -LSB- as Kid would say . -RSB- When I first played it I thought it had amazing graphics compared to Chrono Trigger , although its graphics are in no comparison to FFX 's . The plot of CC is great to , but I wo n't reveal anything for the people who have n't played it yet . Just take my word for it , because this is a must-play for Squaresoft fans -LSB- which your 's truly is . -RSB- I 've played practiclly all of 'em and this one would have to be my most favorite of all .
 I do n't have any complain about the game . Mine is about the seller , the case came broken and the second disc is damage.Be carefull
 if you are a veteran of the awesome game for supernintendo chrono trigger , you 'll love this game ! It was by far the best RPG i 've ever played ! it deserves 1,000,000 stars !
 pretty good RPG game good price and its hard to find old games now a days . perfect condition too which was good .
 The game I played it before and I liked it , and it is a great game made by Squaresoft , But the story line is a little confusing though .
 I played Chronos Cross when I was a child , I still believe it had a large impact on me . After so long , I had to play it again ! -LRB- except no copy T_T -RRB- Honestly , I would 've paid much more for Chrono Cross , for it 's time this game has to be at or near the top of the list . Its still near the top of mine .
 I got the game very quickly and it was in perfect condition.I was a little set back by it being on a clear bottom disc , and not on a black bottom but I am going to assume those games are n't being reprinted . A great game and a great price to pay for it .
 amazing grafics and fun story line . great fun , kinda long but not too long . it goes on and you get hooked and dont get bored
 Came in excellent shape , still in the plastic!A good classic square soft game , too !
 chrono cross is awesome a classic the best of the best buy this game if you want a really good rpg you wont be sorry
 Crono Cross has to this day a combat system that is incredibly unique , which makes it a great play for any RPG fans out there . The story line and playable characters can change in multiple points of the game , depending on the player 's decisions , which give it great replay value . The only thing missing is character customization , but it is only a small draw back in comparison to the rich story and overall greatness of the game .
 I had bought this game when it first came out over here in America and fell in love with it right away . It has a different battle system from most RPG 's and while there IS an over-abundance of characters -LRB- some with very little story behind them -RRB- it allows for a more ... customized party feel . I will admit that I played this game before playing Chrono Trigger and thus my feelings toward it were not influanced by the first game .
 This version of Chrono Cross -LRB- as opposed to the legendarily faulty green label ` Greatest Hits ' version -RRB- does * not * glitch in the middle - losing your progress halfway through this otherwise great two disc game - and causing endless frustration . It should be a ` must have ' for Chrono Trigger fans ' collections.The game is worth it if only for the musical score , which is absolutely beautiful , sometimes quirky , and at times haunting . The storyline is a little farther thrown from the original Chrono Trigger story from last century , weak at first , and really does n't start to make sense until you are really into the game a few hours . Even if you find the storyline confusing , keep playing , it eventually reveals a more involved background and goal . Many many more effects and characters , amulets , and other tools to travel time , and combat those entities who block your path . Enjoy !
 This game is definately worthy of the 5 stars . The music is enthralling . -LRB- I have the sound track in my car CD player , and it has n't been removed since Christmas -RRB- . So you might want to check that out too . The story is great , I wo n't tell any of it here , because it is really best seen as you go , from start to finish . There are a ton of characters for you to find , and plenty of smaller , side quests along the way . One of my all time favorite games . = -RRB-
 i am a diehard rpg fan and I have played just about every rpg made for the NES , SNES , and PSX . For a while , my favorite games included those only from SNES -LRB- see FF3 the best game ever , or Chrono Trigger the prequel to this game -RRB- . I picked it up thinking that it could be in no way better than Chrono Trigger . I was wrong . It is just as good , if not better than any game I 've ever played . Everything about this game screams classic Square , attention to detail , an awesome plot , character development -LRB- although the last is somewhat limited in this game -RRB- . The game also boasts an awesome soundtrack . But probably the greatest feature of this game is the battle system . It 's COMPLETELY innovative , and while it may take you a few minutes to get used to , I guarantee you will agree that it is flawless . I wo n't get into the specifics of it here , but i 'll say it again its near perfect . There are literally about 50 characters that are all playable -LRB- but there are only maybe 15 that are REALLY useful -RRB- , and the choices you make in the game determine what characters you get . Also , there are many different endings , like Chrono Trigger , and the new game plus feature -LRB- where you get to start the game over with all your stats that you had at the end of the game -RRB- which I think every RPG should have as it greatly increases the re-play value . I 'd recommend this game to anybody who ever played an RPG and liked it , or somebody simply looking for an awesome game . I do n't give out 5 stars often , but this one deserves it . Very Highly Recommended .
 This Game is way better than all the final fantasy games put together . Unlike the Final fantasy games It has an original battle system , no exp or annoying Mp , instead you build up for your elements by attacking . You also have three different strengths of attacks . 1 -LRB- low -RRB- 2 -LRB- medium -RRB- and 3 -LRB- OOOhhh thats gon na leave a mark -RRB- plus you can combine attacks with elements , like you could do a 1,2,3 then element or a 3,3 , element tons of different combos . with 44 charecters you can mix and match -LRB- as long is serge is involved -RRB- into a party of 3 . the only real downsides of this game is , Your have to forge your weapons/armour/accesories with stuff you find -LRB- kinda like a synthesis shop on FF9 -RRB- and you ca n't change serges name to chrono .
 Wow . I was one of the first people to get hooked on Chrono Trigger , and last summer when I read a sequel was coming out , I went right out and bought a playstation . Sound crazy ? Well , yeah . Anyway , you can still love chrono cross if you never played trigger - I lent it to my friend who is fairly new to RPGs and he loved it ! But the game is even better if you played the original . The battler system is unique -LRB- albeit a bit confusing ... but you 'll figure it out -RRB- , the plot answers many ` what if ... ? ' questions , Lucca plays a major role , and even Robo makes an appearance ... but only true chrono trigger fans will recognize him . Belthasar is also here , and he plays a big role too . The plot became very confusing near the end of the game , but once you think about it it 'll make sense -LRB- there 's nothing better than an RPG that makes you think ! -RRB- The graphics are wonderful - the CG scenes were made by the same guys who did Toy story and FFVIII - and the sound is great - I bought the japanese soundtrack ! The only things that lagged were the plot -LRB- confusing and not as rich or interesting as Triggers -RRB- and the 40 playable characters -LRB- arrghh ! there 's only plot development on about ten of em ' ! -RRB- , but the extra endings are fun . Overall , buy it , but first see if you ca n't find Chrono Trigger at a flea market -LRB- though I doubt anyone would sell such a great game -RRB- . If not , then it 's rumored CT may be rereleased on the PS soon ... but it 's just a rumour . So shake it to your video store and buy Chrono cross !
 This game is easily one of the best RPG 's available . I purchased this game and it kept me satisfied for over 3 weeks non-stop , and I just started a new game . That is more than I can say about a lot of RPG 's . After playing Chrono Cross , it brang back a lot of memories that pleased me with Chrono Trigger . I have to admit it does take a couple of times to understand it fully but when you get the whole story , it 's a rockin game . I would have to say that this is just about equal to the Final Fantasy series . Squaresoft has never dissappointed me in the past , and I can say they never will .
 The story is very abrupt . . it did n't flow quite as well as I thought it should have , but it did n't detract too much from the game . It 's a very innovative battle system , and it 's very fun to fight without random battles.The best part of the game , hands down though , is the soundtrack . It 's incredibly captivating and really gets you into the realm of fantasy . Play the game , go buy the soundtrack ... you 'll think the game was a lot better afterwards . : -RRB-
 I just purchused this game , after i reneted it seeing how amazing it was . My Dad van likes this game ! I havent beat it yet but o know i will . There is great cinamas , awesome storyline , and intersting characters . But to get the most fun out of the ... buy the strategy guide with it !
 This game is pretty DAMN good ! The final boss is kinda easy but other than that the story is good and the battles are awsome ! May be kinda easy for rpg crazed people but a over all great game ! Ohh yeah and a killer sound track !
 Been out of gaming for awhile , so I broke back in with PS1 . Eventually will upgrade to PS2
 Chrono Cross is one of the best games I have ever played it has great graphics , great movies , and excellent game play this is definitely a game to buy . I do n't think it should be called a sequel it is nothing like a sequel it is way different than Chrono Trigger .
 I would give this game 5 stars even if i have never played it just because it has the word Chrono in it . Everything you liked about the first one is HERE . Ok , its not as good as chrono trigger but its still great . Get this game immediately afetr you play chrono trigger .
 If you think wormholes , timerips and string theoriesare your favorite subject and you love chrono trigger , Your are not going to be desapointed with this game.Its a evolving story begining with the original chrono triggerand this game tells you the effects , repercutions of lavos entering our dimension.Traveling throug time was great , but now between dimensions , even better.The story goes a few year after chrono trigger , and presents youSerge -LRB- the hero -RRB- , kid -LRB- The hottie -RRB- and others . And if yourwondering , yes we see Chrono and the gang -LRB- from the originalchrono trigger -RRB- , but the only question is , why are they here ? , why can to parallel worlds connect ? , and -LRB- my personal question -RRB- will kid ever find serge?Its a story of love , frienship , and deseption.The finaly is one of the sadest ive ever seen -LRB- made me cry -RRB- , butyou can get -LRB- after you finish the game -RRB- more than 11 difrentfinaly 's -LRB- like the chrono trigger game -RRB- . O , and the music is PERFECT , i had to by the soundtrack.The best song of all is `` Radical Dreamers '' -LRB- the ending song -RRB- . I really recomend this game for all of you that like the storyof a game and battle sistem is exeptional.Hey its your destiny , nobody creates it buy You ... keep dreaming .
 This in my opinion is the best game that Square Soft has made to date and possibly one of the best games to have ever been made . The game play is incredible graphics are incredible and the story is awesome . Another thing the more times that you play the more different endings you can get . Let me break it down in terms of overall gameplay.Grqaphics 10/10Replay value 10/10Sound 10/10Gameplay 10/10Bottom line this is one hell of a game I think it is proably better than any game to date . Buy it .
 Chrono Cross is a true masterpiece . With an amazing soundtrack , beautiful graphics and one of the best storylines Square has ever written , Chrono Cross is one of the best RPGs out there . The gameplay is very innovative and quick to learn . Though I have heard some grievances about the element system , I personally love it . It is a fresh change from the old standard of spells that cost `` MP '' that most Square games run off of . In all aspects Chrono Cross screams originality and if you have played Chrono Trigger it makes the game more enjoyable . Buy this game , I am certain you wo n't regret it .
 I LOVE THIS GAME!AWSOME COMPUTER EFFECTS THOURGH OUT THE WHOLE GAME!I HAVE GOTTEN ALL THE WAY TO TERMINA.WHAT HAPPENS?BUY IT.YOU 'LL SEE !
 I 'll admit , I never played Chrono Trigger . This game looked great , I being an RPG fan decided to get it.The pros of this game are as follows : Music . Squaresoft has a history of great game music and this stands out , very well done , not many tracks I did n't like.Graphics . For the Playstation , it 's very impressive . The thing to note is the amazingly bright atmosphere . The colors are vibrant , mixed and really make you notice how many RPG 's are so dark . Cinemas rival PS2 to a degree.Character variety . There is quite an extensive number of characters that can join your partyBattle system . Well done . You give each member elements -LRB- which are summons , magic , cure items , etc. -RRB- and as you attack your element levelinecreases allowing you to perform the ones equal to or under that level . As you use elements the level decreases . All elements can only be used once per battle , though a few special abilities allow you to recharge some.ConsNon Linear world and lack of in game info . Most people would consider games that give you a variety of places to visit great . Yes , it is great , but the game will rarely if ever tell you exactly what to do or where to go . A problem , when your party decided
 Chrono Cross rules ! The only thing I do n't like about it , it 's short . It 's 2 discs long but , if your a big RPG fan or player you 'll get past this in a week or so . I beat this game 620 times . But it takes concentration . But it 's a great holiday gift . Do n't mind about the rating . It has mild swears , and violence . WHO CARES ! The violence is mild . It says the H-word and the D-word a little bit but that 's it . The age rating for this games is probably 8 thru adults . -LRB- If you can handle swears ! -RRB- So get this game . P.S
 This game is great . Innovatively different battle system , an engrossing storyline that is tied into Chrono Trigger 's enough that I can consider it a sequel , and an immensely confusing game that has kept me thinking for a great deal of time , but I think I may have some sort of answer . All in all , people out there who mock the storyline obviously do n't understand . The game itself should n't have to tell you word for word how things work , there are countless things which are unexplained in this game but are explainable if you stop and THINK ABOUT IT . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is by far one of the best games that I have played . It is quite a breath taker , yet also a relief , especially if you are one of those final fantasy fans . There are no more random battles , and the world map is no longer ridiculously enormous . The battle system is fun , but not difficult ; plus leveling up is easy and it does n't distract you from the plot . It is just amazing and unique in everyway -LRB- graphics , music , storyline , etc -RRB- . Furthermore , even though it 's a sequel , it is not necessary to play the first game to enjoy this one . The story and plot are strong enough to stand on its own . Different ideas and concepts are introduced . For example , there are about 11 different endings and over 40 characters . The storyline also has different possibilities because one decision or action can change the significance of an event greatly . Plus , it introduces the theories of time distortions and freewill vs fate . Last but not least , the a newgame + can be replayed after you kill the final boss with the same stats and items that you had when you defeated the game .
 Chrono Cross , like Chrono Trigger , is amazing . With beautiful graphics , tons of characters to play as , and awesome attacks , this game qualifies as one of my favorite rpgs around . If you liked the original , you 'll love this installment in the Chrono series .
 Whether you are new to the ` Chrono ' franchise or returning after playing Chrono Trigger , this game is a great place to go.Negatives : - The severe limit on character growth/level-ups makes a lot of battles feel dull and useless ; it 's not that the system is n't fun , but the imposing limit on status progression cuts the fun down.-There 's a grand total of about one really annoying dungeon/area in this game ... Just thought I 'd mention it...-On the sequel note , although I would n't have minded terribly if this game had no combined techs at all , it just feels pointless having as few as it does . With so many playable characters there could have been hundreds of combined techs , which would have doubled the fun in trying new characters and party combos . Instead , we get a letdown total of something like ten -LRB- not even one for every other character -RRB- . Positives : - Chrono Cross has a stunning sense of environment , with interesting locals , awesome artwork , one of the best soundtracks on the playstation , even a set of cool , dynamic NPCs -LRB- very uncommon -RRB- . - Plenty of playable characters , and lots of replay value . You could replay the entire game just to use three different characters.-A strong , meaningful story , with great supporting characters , great references to the previous game and great motion into new territory . The story is one of the strongest points of the game , and is easily one of the most unique that Square has ever produced . It is more linear than Chrono Trigger , in the sense that there is only so much you can do outside the main story , but the story really is good enough to make up for the lack of freedom.-Great control , gameplay , and plenty of very small features really bringing a magical sense of life to the game . The difficulty level is very satisfying , and there 's almost always plenty to do.Overall
 This is up there with Ocarina of Time , FFVII , and a few other such gods of the gaming world as those beautiful games that are the greatest ever made . They do n't make 'em like this anymore . All I can say is , play this game . The story will change you forever , the experience will sweep you away . Playing Chrono Cross , hearing that melody of the opening cutscene and seeing and starting playing through that first area ... the beach , the little seaside town ... is as transcendental an experience today as it was a decade ago . If you never have experienced it , you need to .
 Bought this as a request for a friend 's son who asked for it for Christmas , it worked perfectly , arrived on time and he is an avid player of it .
 This is a fairly old game for the now outdated Playstation , but if you are an avid fan of RPG 's , then this is a game for you . Set as a sequel to the one of the most innovative RPG 's to hit shelves , CHRONO TRIGGER , this game deals with the same elements -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , Love , Death , Parallel Dimensions , and of course , Time Travel.You start the game as Serge , the silent protagonist of the game . He awakens in his coastal hometown of Arni in the El Nido Archipelago . Serge goes out to his local beach to collect some Komodo Scales for his love interest , Leena . After a rendevous with said love interest , an event occurs that changes Serge 's life , and possibly the outcome of the entire planet 's fate . The rest ... well , you 'll just have to play the game for yourself to find out.So in my opinion , this is one of the greatest RPG 's ever following closely to the amazing FINAL FANTASY VII and CHRONO TRIGGER , the game 's prequel . The battle system was refreshingly new for the time that it came out , using a 3-tier attack system . The magic system , called elements , are equipped rather than learned , and can be used only once in the battle . However , multiple of these elements can be equipped at once . The music is top-notch and has actually won quite a few awards despite being a video game soundtrack . Superb . The graphics , although not THE BEST , were still very good for the time , and a tad more realistic , following along the lines of FINAL FANTASY VIII , and especially good during the FMV sequences . Along with multiple endings and somewhere around 40 playable characters , expect to invest quite a few hours into this game.the only downside in this game , in my opinion , was that some of the key items were a little difficult to find at times , so you might expect to be aimlessly running around the world map wondering , `` Where do I need to go now ? '' Other than that , CHRONO CROSS is a game well worth its GREATEST HITS status . CHRONO CROSS is definitely a game worth buying , and I recommend it to anyone who are fans of CHRONO TRIGGER ... or just fans of good RPG 's in general .
 Chrono Cross is without a doubt one of the classic RPG 's of my younger years . A sequil to Crono Trigger in theam only , nearly none of the original characters make an appearance , however , the idea of changing tragic events after they have happened remains current.The combat system takes a little bit to get used to , as it surely isnt conventnal , however , once you get the hang of it , you find the battles are very diverse and rewarding.This game has more characters than you can shake a stick at as well , which is fitting as the story is epic in scope . I wont get into the story as i dont want to ruin anything for anyone , however there are many plot twists , large scale events , and deep character development.While this game isnt -LRB- in my own opinion -RRB- as good as the first in the series it does have the great feel that squaresoft had before the buyout , as such i highly recomend this game to RPG fans.OEE
 I got this game and played it because I loved Chrono Trigger so much . While connected to Chrono Trigger , I agree with others that it is better to think of this as its own game in the same universe/world as Chrono Trigger , rather than a sequel.I thought the battle system was always a lot of fun . You find and buy magic elements which you allocate to players , instead of the usual ` spells ' . The nice part is that there is no MP , instead you are just allowed to use each element once during a battle , and they all recharge for your next battle -LRB- except a few aptly-named Consumables -RRB- . The battles are not too difficult , and I liked that . Also , you can automatically heal at the end of battles with the push of a button.The story is engrossing and complex . It takes a long time to develop , and then once it does it is a rush of too much information . You might refer to an online summary once you finish the game to understand just what really happened . But just because the story is complex , does not mean that it is boring or engrossing . It is fascinating , and in this way shares something with Chrono Trigger.Weapons have to be constructed from raw materials , but this is not as annoying as it sounds . It is kinda fun . The Rainbow Shell weapons are a little harder this way though . There are also many , many playable characters . The minus side is that there is very little development of each individual character , and you will find the assistant characters saying the same scripted things no matter which one you choose . This was a disappointment because Chrono Trigger 's 6-7 characters always offered their unique perspectives on a situation . On the plus side , there is a lot of gameplay in taking a certain character to a place you suspect they might interact with at different times during the game . -LRB- For example , having Leena with you when you go into Arni Village . -RRB- There is some encounter with futuristic stuff , and time and alternate dimension stuff that will mess with your mind , so Chrono Trigger fans might like some of that . Also , the graphics and music are excellent !
 Like my title says , I had alot of fun playing this game . If you really enjoyed Chrono Trigger and are expecting a sequel , you may be dissapointed with Chrono Cross . I have a really hard time envisioning this as a sequel-it just seems so far removed from the original Chrono Trigger -LRB- the original cast of Chrono Trigger 's appearance is rather cameo -RRB- . However , if you do n't think of this game as a sequel , then you may enjoy it just as much as I did . Well , here 's a more in-depth look at this game : Graphics -LRB- 9/10 -RRB-
 After playing Chrono Trigger , I wanted a sequel , so I bought this game . Overall , I am satisfied with the gameplay . Those who expect this to be another Chrono Trigger will not get what they expect . The story intersects that of Chrono Trigger , but everything else makes it a unique game.The gameplay is interesting and a refreshing change from Chrono Trigger . Unlike most RPGs , you can choose which spells to equip and use in battle . As your characters get stronger , you can buy and equip stronger spells and techniques . Instead of using up HP or MP to use techniques and cast spells , you use `` power levels '' which you gain from using basic attacks . So you do n't run out of MP as you do in other games since you can always gain it back and it resets after every battle . Because of this , you can heal your characters using `` power levels '' during and after every battle , which makes the game seem too easy . You can also run away from boss fights -LRB- ! -RRB- , but you have to fight them to advance the storyline.The back of the game cover boasts of `` a multitude of playable characters . '' Being a seemingly good idea , this innovative element is the biggest negative as well as the biggest positive aspect of the game 's story . Because of the huge number of characters , there is n't much character development outside of the three main characters -LRB- Serge , Kid , and Lynx -RRB- , though one could argue that there is n't much character development of the main character at all since he never speaks . The large number of characters serves the game 's goal of lengthening the game 's potential playtime since there are numerous side quests . Each character has his/her own story and personality , but the characters ' personalities are not as developed as the main characters ' . Overall , I enjoyed this game very much and would recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed Chrono Trigger and other similar games . The soundtrack is just as good as Chrono Trigger 's if not better and the gameplay is an improvement despite its flaws . However , if you are expecting an excellent story that rivals that of Chrono Trigger , you will be disappointed . Also , one last thing to note
 This game brings a nice change compared to most single player RPG games , the battle system and leveling system are very unique and keep things interesting . The storyline is great also!I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Final Fantasy or Chrono Trigger .
 If you were blown away by Chrono Trigger , Chrono Cross will take you to the next level and blow you away again . Be prepared to dedicate many hours to this wonderful game .
 I was counting minutes down to the release of Chrono Cross , and WOW ! Not as good as the Final Fantasy series , but d@mn close . Great graphics , awesome battle system -LRB- second only to Grandia 's -RRB- , ummmm a sound track , a bad one but , uhhh who cares when the game is just so good ! 44 playable characters will keep you playing for weeks . New Game + helps alot to . My only gripes with CC are that the world map is too small and the soundtrack . I 'll admit it I 've never played Chrono Cross , i know , i know , I started playing RPGs with Final Fantasy VII though ... Well my point is ... BUY THIS GAME !!!
 Chrono Cross has got to be one of the greatest sequels I have ever played . I guess the main reason for that would be that it is ACTUALLY a sequel , unlike the various Final Fantasy games . The story follows slightly with that of its epic predecessor Chrono Trigger , but the refernces to CT are so slight that you do n't necessarily have to play the first installment to get everything out of the experience that is Chrono Cross . This is a masterpiece with dozens of playable characters and an enchanting musical score . A must have for any Chrono Trigger fan , or any RPG fanatic for that matter .
 When i first played this my first reaction was crystal clear . These are the best fluid graphics for a rpg in a long time . The cinemas are great and run at a great pace . For a person that did n't play chrono trigger i enjoy this game . The people in towns talk great and have more complex sentences then other games . The battle system is easy and you will have no trouble . But once i entered the first town of arni i thought it was cool . But when the people suddenly did n't know my name i got confused . I know the basis of the time line saga . But i did n't like when that occured . That is my problem with this game . Other than that i think this game is the man . This is a must buy game . The cinemas are on top , the characters are stacked up so you would n't have any problems choosing any characters . A hint is to have one main healer in your pary , and a really strong character also . I did this in Legend of Dragoon , it worked to perfection .
 They did it again . Sqaure created the most powerfull story line since , ... ever . Every single time Square Soft comes out with a new game I make sure to reserve it . I have played and beaten FF6 -LRB- FF3 in america -RRB- FF7 , Brave Fencer Mushashi , FF8 , Vagrant Story , Final Fantasy Tactics , and of course Chrono Cross . I have yet to be disapionted with anything . Wonderfull story , a great battle system , and incredible FMVs , still make up Square 's newest game . The story goes as such
 If you 've played Chrono Trigger , then you know what to expect ... however , this game has a more complex storyline , 44 characters , and amazing graphics ... even though , it 's somewhat easy if you 've played through CT and the Final Fantasy series , it 's worth buying ... enjoy ...
 Chrono Cross has something for everyone
 After i payed crono cross the felling i got is that squaresoft had a game ready to go but wanted to do a crono trigger sequel , and so FORCED this finished game to be a sequel , by putting mentions -LRB- sometimes senseless mentions -RRB- to crono trigger characters , if crono cross was called THE RADICAL DREAMERS and was n't a sequel it wold be perfect , as a crono trigger fan i got very angry and disapointed .
 All i can say is WOW this was a good game . The graphics alone can make you wan na just sit and stare at the screen theyre so beautiful . Then theres the plot which doesnt take after every other simple boring storyline you 've ever heard of , and the travel between the two parallel worlds adds a really interesting aspect to it . Theres an amazing diverse range of characters and their awesome attacks -- that 's not even including the summons . The only downside is some fairly simple battles if you 're a pretty experienced gamer . The first time i played this , though , it was one of my first RPGs and i didnt have an exactly easy time getting through it . And there are quite a few battles that even an experienced gamer will have a time getting through . Plus when you finish it you can go back and do it over multiple times and beat it different ways for different endings . The bottom line here ? BUY THIS GAME !
 Like i said in my title this is the best game ever anywhere a must buy if chrono trigger is half as good as this i have to buy it
 THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE IN THE HISTORY OF VIDEO GAMES ! -LSB- . -RSB- IF YOU LIKED FINAL FANTASY , KINGDOM HEARTS , OR ANY SQUARESOFT GAMES , THEN THIS IS YOUR GAME ! -LSB- . -RSB- I REALLY WOULD DESCRIBE IT BUT IT WOULD TAKE YOU ABOUT A HALF-HOUR TO READ IT ! -LSB- . -RSB- TRUST ME SQUARESOFT FANS ! ...
 I like how there are so many characters in this game -LRB- over 30 -RRB- and i also like how u get to pick how u play the game . For example one part in the game u get to pick wich way u want to go and wich ever way u pick u get different guys on ur team . I also like how there are moves that like 2 people do at the same time or sometimes even three !!
 This game is awesome especially with 45 characters ! My favorite guy would have to be ... Harle ! I do n't know why I like her its just I really like Jesters and medieval stuff like that . I 've beaten the game already and the Time Devourer was pretty hard before the final fight with him . I think the hardest guys were the Hi-Ho Darves the first round . I also started a new game plus . Glenn is a must have character . They are making a Chrono Break for PS2 I think . Pierre sucks at first but he gets better . I 've never tried out Nikki though . Guile rocks ! Well see you all .
 hello , im writing to say that i havent played the game but would most definately appritciate it if i had the chance to play it.through reading the reviews i have noticed a reoccurance of the fact that people have said that the game is really well made and worth buying . my point of this letter is to say that , i live in ireland , but i would love to purchase a copy of chrono cross because i am eager to play it!but the problem is , that im wondering if i could possibly get it sent to ireland or maybe if that isnt possible , someone could provide me with imformation on its release date here in the united kingdom . . thanks for your time ... ,
 when i started playing this game it was hard for me to stop i play it every chance i get and the best thing about it i got it for far less money from amazon.com .
 Chrono Cross is simply one of the best RPG 's of all time ! It has a very easy to understand and use battle system ! All of you RPG fans out there who have not played this game , try it out it 's a great game !
 I never played Chrono Trigger , but after playing this game I am definitely going to go back and get it ! I like the battle system , it is less tedious than Final Fantasy 's and the battles are foreseen and easily avoided . You need to defeat bosses to gain levels and unlock new abilities , such as raising your HP and other status , instead of slowly building levels by defeating weak enemies . I also like all the different characters , although there are too many to really develop some of their personalities . It is cool because you can choose the characters you want for your team at any given time , as long as you are at a save point ! There are nine different endings to this game , which can be attained by beating the game multiple times . The graphics are pretty good considering it is a Playstation 1 game . If you like Final Fantasy games -LRB- or any RPG 's for that matter -RRB- , this one is for you .
 I can not contain my undying love for this game ! I 've played it over and over again . So many different possible endings : DOne of my favorite classics from S.S. < 3333
 Honestly this game is in my top 10 playstation favorites . I love the battle system , love the music , has awesome characters . I recommend this game to anyone who 's looking for a different rpg game . The element system is like your magic in FFVIII . This game has tons of characters , it gets challenging because theres so many characters i fell in love with but you can use three to battle with Serge the main character ca n't be switched out like Squall on FFVIII -LRB- except on FFVIII Squall can be switched out from the party on disc 4 at the end at Ultemcia 's castle , if you do that you ca n't have him be in your party . -RRB- I love FFVIII as well its on my top 10 list , but i love the variety of characters in Chrono Cross . In FFVIII i only used the same three throughout the game unless if had to have somebody else . My main three Squall , Rinoa and Selphie . on chrono i cant decide who to use.for the music on this game , has good scores they did good with it , i love the battle music and the boss battle music.My top ten list of playstation 1 games :1 . Final Fantasy IX2 . Final Fantasy VIII3 . Chrono Cross4 . Final Fantasy VII5 . Final Fantasy Tatics6 . The legend of Dragoon7 . Driver 28 . Mega Man : -RRB- 9 . Mortal Kombat Trilogy10.CTR
 This game is one of the best ps1 games ever ! I recommend those who never played it to give it a chance .
 This game has an amazing story line , great and very beautiful universe , and most of all I really enjoyed the story . Even though it is called the sequel to Chrono Trigger the battle and even characters are not the same , but there are some ties to the original Chrono Trigger . To enjoy this game do not expect it to be another Chrono Trigger even though I do agree that a sequel is in order . RPG fans should not expect this to be another Chrono Trigger and embrace it on its own merit , if you can do that only then will you realize how great this RPG is .
 Chrono Cross is fairly standard as RPGs go , but what sets it apart as far as gameplay is the elements system . Instead of straight-up ` magic ' , players gather `` elements '' which are categorized into six different color groups , each with a counterpart to which it has both stronger and weaker properties - Red and Blue , Yellow and Green , Black and White . This introduces a good level of strategy into the game as players must consider what their opponent is weaker or stronger to.As stated , the game is fairly standard otherwise , the graphics are pretty good , and the CG cutscenes are amazing for a game out of the '90s -LRB- Albeit the late '90s , and the JPEG compression left something to be desired , but still . -RRB- I also really loved how well the 3D models were made . If one were to look closely , you could see the edges , but underneither the wonderfully made textures , it 's barely noticable . However , what made it more than worth it for me was the plot.Now , Chrono Cross is the sequel to the 1995 game `` Chrono Trigger '' , and if you 're expecting Crono and the gang to team back up , you 'll be disappointed . While they and other characters make a brief reappearance , the game is more dependent on it 's own characters and setting.All in all I would say that whether or not you 've played Chrono Trigger , Cross is a great game on it 's own , though there are a few things you may not understand fully unless you 've played through Trigger.Towards the ending of the game , you 'll run into a lot of moments that could cause a temporary moment of `` WHOA , COOOOL '' , or at least , I did . All in all , I say if you enjoy a deep story and a very long game -LRB- Took me about 48 hours -RRB- , get this game .
 I bought this game because I enjoyedChrono Triggerfor the DS so I thought , why not get the sequel ? For the price it 's a really good deal . The game has an interesting story and it is completely non-linear . The choices you make and the party you have in certain circumstances affects the reaction you get from in game characters . Really great game . Interesting battle system .
 Whenever I first played this game many years ago , I enjoyed every minute of it . Now is not any different . From the great gameplay to the endless hours one can spend playing this game , this game truly shows how the oldschool games never truly get old . This game makes sure that it is almost impossible to level up to insane levels like in other RPG 's , thus giving this game enough of a challenge to make players think more often than usual . In addition , this game puts in enough action and adventure to make any RPG fan never want to put down the controller . In conclusion , if you want a great RPG that has great replay value and is guaranteed to give you a challenge , this is the ideal game .
 I must admit first off that I 'm a bit of a sucker for pretty graphics in a game and can overlook almost anything in order to play them . Just the same , most often older games turn me off because of simple or bad graphics.This game is not only a beauty to behold , but a great play . It has a mass amount of characters that you can unlock , so you actually have to play through several times to get all of them . It 's the only PS game that I actually own , and I 'm still having a ball with it.I would recomend this game to any one that has n't played it before or anyone that has for a good revisit .
 I 've had this game since the day it came out and some of the cutscenes my opinion are better than a lot of games out today . This games unique gameplay i think adds to its satisfactory . I love everything about this game for example : music
 Chrono cross is a loose sequel to chrono trigger . If you had not recently played c.t. you may not even notice it . If you remove the fact that it is suppose to be a sequel to c.t. then you will have a quality playing experience . Great f.m.v. good story with some nice twists
 First , I must admit that I am not an avid video gamer , though I have seen others play plenty . I have played very few RPGs and even fewer held my interest . However , when I played Chrono Trigger on an SNES emulator , I was enthralled , finishing it within a week . When I discovered its semi-sequel was coming out , I could hardly wait the ten months for it to be released in the US . I ordered it in advance in April , received it the Wednesday it came out , and played it nearly straight through to finish by Friday evening . 60 hours of gameplay and about 15 hours of sleep . To say the least -- it was all worth it.First , gameplay -- It is one of the best battle systems that I have seen . It may seem complicated to begin with , but one becomes quickly accostumed to the strategies and nuances of the idea . In a game of chess , the rules are simple but the possibilities are endless . The same goes for Chrono Cross ' element system . In addition , being able to see your enemies on screen allows you to fight when and where you want . This is a big advantage if you want to avoid them -LRB- if you do n't want to fight piddling monsters -RRB- or find them -LRB- to retrieve extra spells and items -RRB- . Cross pulls this off even better than its predecessor , Chrono Trigger.Leveling -- I considered this such an important aspect of the game that I gave it its own category ! The reason
 Chrono Cross , like its preddecessor Chrono Trigger , is a very original RPG that excels in almost every aspect ; it 's not nearly as cinema-intensive as Final Fantasy VIII , but in my oppinion , it 's definately a better game . The game has overall better graphics then FFVIII ; the soundtrack is one of the best I 've ever heard ; the story , while somewhat convoluted , is very well done -LRB- needless to say , it has some great plot twists -RRB- ; and , finally , the game has an incredible amount of replay -LRB- you can play through it three or four times and still not discover everything -RRB- . Oh yeah , the translation is excellent too . This is one of those rare games where I ca n't really think of anything derogatory to say about it ; everything is pretty much perfect . One word of caution though
 Several years ago when Super Nintendo was king , there was released a game . This game featured superb graphics , sound , and storyline . This game was Chrono Trigger . Now 5 years later , we are treated to the release of the next in the series . This time around , it is Chrono Cross that is prepared to blow gamers away.The facts : * From the team that brought you Chrono Trigger * 2 CDs * 40 + playable characters * Excellent music * 11 possible endingsGameplay : Very good . The battle system used in this RPG is unique from any other . Each character has a grid , in which he places his elements . There are several different types of elements . Some are attacking , some healing , some defensive , some that make the other elements more powerful or weak . These elements can generally be used by any party member ; you get to switch them around between battles . Each of these elements used is one of six colors , and each color is opposite another . Red is opposite Blue , Green opposite Yellow , and Black opposite White . Each character is one of these six colors . Take Serge , the main character , for example . His innate color is White , so therefore he can use the white elements more effectively than other colored elements . If he was fighting a boss who 's innate color is Black , Serge 's white attacks will work well against the boss , since Black is opposite of White . Conversely , though , the boss ' Black attacks will also be very effective against White Serge.Each character also has up to three special moves , specialized to that character . It may not seem like that many per character , but keep in mind that there are more than 40 playable characters , so that totals over 120 unique elements . Then toss in 9 double techs and 2 triple techs for a whopping total of around 150 -LRB- ! -RRB- unique techs . Wow.Also important in the battle system are stamina points . You start of with seven points . Depending on the strength of the attacks chosen , your stamina will go down , while the grid lights up more and more with possible elements you can use . When your character is not fighting , the stamina recovers . There also other interesting features of the intricate battle system . It is impossible to mention them all . It sounds very confusing , all of this , and at first it is . But as you play through the game and make yourself comfortable with the system , you will appreciate it as a masterpiece . As for the gameplay outside of the battles , it is perfectly satisfactory . Everything you need , even a little you do n't . Graphics : Typical to above average , as far as Playstation games go . At times , though , the graphics really shine . The elements are eye candy , and the cinema scenes are always fun to watch . Sound : Indulge yourself . There is an absolute plethora of tracks , all wonderful . There are even a few remakes of some of the tracks from Chrono Trigger , which veterans of the game will love to hear . All of the music is appropriately placed , and there are lots of nice little sound effects to complement it.Comments : This game is great . An excellent storyline sets up multiple excellent endings -LRB- depending on when and how you beat the game -RRB- , and the ride is quite something . Fans of the original Chrono Trigger will definitely want to check it out , as there are so , so many references back to the prequel . Mentioned and / or seen in the game are Chrono , Lucca , Marle , Epoch , Belthasar , Prometheus -LRB- Robo -RRB- , Ayla , Janus , Schala , Zeal , Glenn , Gaurdia Kingdom , and Lavos . And others . It 's great . Do n't worry though ; the story is still understandable even if you have not played through Chrono Trigger . The game is also very poetic , and the prose is very enjoyable to read.You wo n't be disappointed . Although not overly challenging , the game is engrossing and fun , and that 's what great games are all about.Buy it .
 I finally played this game recently , quite a few years after it 's release . At first I had serious doubts about it , as there seemed little connection to Chrono Trigger -LRB- which I am a big fan of -RRB- , and the gameplay and story just did n't seem to be nearly as good . However , once I gave it a chance I really started getting into it.I think one of the big downfalls of this game is that it is a sequel to such a phenomenal old SNES game , and everyone wanted it to be as good or better , which would have been a hard thing to achieve . In it 's own right , this is an amazing game , regardless of it being a sequel or not.It is a true sequel , and the story does tie in directly to the events in Chrono Trigger , however , that 's about it ... the story . If you want to see the characters or environments of Chrono Trigger , you 're out of luck , as this game has all different characters and takes place in the El Nido archipelago , in the same world as Chrono Trigger but never explored in that game.The other thing this game has in relation to Chrono Trigger is just the over all feel of the game ... you can tell the same people made it.The graphics of the game are incredibly beautiful , and though already quite dated , they still stand up well -LRB- they are comparable to say ... Final Fantasy IX -RRB- . The environments range from beautiful tropical regions to complex castles and dungeons , and all areas are very well thought out , fun to explore , and interesting . I 'm glad they kept the overland map the same as in Chrono Trigger , making it fast and easy to get around . The music is wonderful as well , and while I would have liked to have heard a few more Chrono Trigger classics , I really ca n't complain ... the music is beautiful and very well done.The story is twisting and complex , and it 's actually quite hard to keep straight what 's going on sometimes and what world you are in , as the game takes place in two different dimensions of the same world as opposed to different time periods . The two different dimensions are very similar and it can be hard to keep straight what world you are in . Still , the story was very good , keeps you involved , and does end up having a lot of direct and very interesting tie-ins to Chrono Trigger . There is also a plethora of characters -LRB- near 40 , I think -RRB- , almost all of which have there own mini-stories . That was one aspect of the game I have mixed feelings about . On one hand it 's great and interesting to have so many unique characters to be able to use , each with their own unique abilities and personalities . But on the other hand , having so many characters makes it hard to really get into them , their stories end up being rather shallow , and you can never really power all of them up . You 'll likely end up with a couple favorites of every color attribute that you use most often , which really is n't bad . Overall , they did a good job with the characters , and I like the system they used.The gameplay is very fun , and although it is in most ways straight forward RPG , they do throw in some interesting twists to combat . Overall quite enjoyable.There is an almost infinite amount of secret tidbits to unlock , so much that it would almost be impossible to find them all without the strategy guide . The direction of the game can change depending on choices you make , and conversations are always different depending on who is in your party . The game is incredibly open ended , and has multiple endings as well . This coupled with the fact that it has a new game + feature gives it incredible replay value . I just beat it the first time and I 'm already replaying it again with all of my equipment , elements , and experience from the first play through to try and get a different ending.Overall , I give this game five stars . It has excellent story , dialogue , graphics , sound , characters , and gameplay ... every thing about it is great and it is a world you 'll want to get lost in again and again . Alas , it is no Chrono Trigger , and a large part of me wishes they could have tied in some of the characters and places from that game a little more , but oh well . They did a different game in the same style as Chrono Trigger , and it 's great fun . There are at least some fun little nostalgic elements , like at one point when you find an enertron and you can hop into it to fully revive your party , and when you get out you find `` you 're still hungry '' , along with the stomach growling straight from Chrono Trigger . Very fun stuff . Highly recommended to fans of Chrono Trigger , or just anyone who loves a good RPG with lots of replay value .
 Chrono Cross is the sequal to Chrono Trigger , one of the most popular RPGs ever , so people obviously expect a great game . And they certainly got it.In my mind , the basis of an RPG is the story , and Chrono Cross has a great and original one , not just a repeat of CT. . Serge , the hero , goes home after passing out on a beach to find that his village is different , and everyone claims he died ten years ago . I wo n't spoil anything else , but believe me , the story is great.Even with an interesting story , an RPG has to have a solid battle system . And CC has an amazing one
 Chrono Cross is the sequel to one of the greatest RPG 's of all time , Chrono Trigger . I played Chrono Trigger on the Super Nintendo five years ago and I have been waiting for the sequel ever since . I had n't owned a playstation and I had no intentions of buying one , until I played this game at a friends house . I knew immediately that I had to buy it . It was just that good ! If your a fan of RPG 's , or even if you do n't know what an RPG is , you will love this game . Considering the fact that it was made for a 32 bit system , which is now becoming extinct , this game has spectacular graphics and fmv sequences . It has 40 playable characters , it spans 2 dimensions and different time periods , and it has a unique battle system that lets you make combos , use magical attacks , some of which are unique to each character , or even team up your characters for double or triple techs . The greatest thing about this game is that it has about a dozen endings , and a number of different paths to take to reach those endings , which gives it replay value that is out of this world . In fact , playing it a second time is a necessity . The bottom line is , this game is a must have and is well worth every penny you pay for it . Even with the 128 bit Playstation 2 coming out , I do n't think that they will be able to top this game for at least a few more years . If you do n't believe me , rent it , what have you got to lose .
 This game is great ! ... BUY IT ! The graphics and CG scences are absolutly spectacular and the music and sound effects really at times can , by itself , give an adreline rush , but at other times really touch your heart . The intro is fabulously done and gives a great preview of what to expect in the game . Chrono Cross ' world is extremly colorful and looks splendid . The battle system may seem a little complicated in the beginning , but once you get done the basics , you will WANT to fight , especially if you have special moves itching to be pulled off . Even you do n't want to fight for some bizarre reason , you can just avoid the enemies . I am not critcizing Final Fantasy or anything , but this is a real godsend for those who play deep into the night and are sleepy and do n't feel like fighting till tomorrow . The New Game + is another bright innovation . The 40 + characters and over 10 endings are another giant leap in the RPG genre . Depending on who you pick and the choices that you make , will lead you to a different ending each time . There are multitudes of paths that you can chose so the replay value automatically skyrockets . In conclusion , this game is definitly worth buying because you will fall in love almost instanteously with it . Forget renting , just BUY BUY BUY !
 This game is so amazingly wonderful ! I totally thought I was going to hate it when I first turned it on . It looked too complicated and I assumed the learning curve would be high . However , within minutes I was hooked . And I played it for several months . This game is a two disc game and the first disc lasts FOREVER ! The second disc is a bit disappointing , length-wise , but the game overall is phenomenal . Now I have got to get my hands on the original Super Nintendo game . The story line in Chrono Cross is so intricate and well thought out , I assume a great deal of it connects to Chrono Trigger as well . I am so blown away by this game there are not even enough words to describe it . I am sure every game I play from here on out will pale in comparison . I wish I could play this game forever ! If you are an RPG lover , you have got to play this game . It can not be missed ! And you will not be disappointed .
 first off
 RPG fans wo n't want to miss this masterful follow-up to the legendary Chrono Trigger on Super NES . Chrono Cross has turned out to be one of those rare gems that manage that have all the qualities needed in order to make a truly memorable role-playing game experience . It does just about everything really well and does many things better than the original ever been did before . If you 're a fan of RPGs , there 's no doubt that you 'll be pleased with this game and owe it to yourself to go out and buy it at your earliest convenience.First and foremost , the storyline in Chrono Cross is probably the most ambitious that any has ever been carried out in a console RPG , with the possible exception of Xenogears . The writing quality of Chrono Cross is exceptional and is nearly as good as the brilliant job that was done by the team responsible for Vagrant Story.What makes all of this even more impressive is that Square was able to give each of the game 's 40-plus playable characters different characteristics and , in many cases , distinct accents and speech patterns . The accents were handled surprisingly well and most were pretty consistent throughout the entire game . That combined with the fact that each of the characters in the game plays an important role in the plot of the story help brings them to life as individuals.Without spoiling anything , the plot is very elaborate and deals with many issues , such as humanity 's role in the destruction of the environment and how fate plays a role in our lives . Plus , it brings forth the idea of parallel worlds and how the outcome of one 's life can be greatly effected by what happens during certain significant events in one 's life . All of this has been pulled together nicely and the end result is one of the most intricate plots that one will ever encounter in a videogame.Not to be too cliched , but Chrono Cross is a truly epic role-playing game experience that has cemented its place in the annals of RPG history . It 's easily one of the best RPGs currently available on PlayStation and has surpassed Vagrant Story as my personal favorite . If you 're a fan of role-playing games , then you must go out and buy a copy of Chrono Cross .
 Chrono Cross is the best game I 've ever played . The battles and gameplay are awesome . If you 're not an rpg fan you will still like it . If you buy this game it will definitly be worth your money .
 You just can not beat Crono Trigger , most definetly the best game ever made ... . When a game is as good as Crono Trigger , who really cares about CG Movies and good graphics ? If you do then you are not a very loyal RPG fan.Crono Cross is good . Great Graphics , Great Movies , Great Music , Good Plot . Crono Triggers plot was better though!I suggest you go buy this game , it is GREAT ! But before you do go to your local Funcoland and buy Crono Trigger , then play Crono Cross.Also , I was reading the other reviews for this game and whats up with everyone comparing Crono Cross with other great games such as FFVIII and Legend of Dragoon . Has eveyone forgot about Xenogears ????? I cant beleive no one ever mentions that game . If you are reading this review scroll up now and type in `` Xenogears , '' and buy it , because it is next best to Crono Trigger .
 After years of playing tired Nintendo RPG titles designed for young children , I finally tried Playstation . Among Sony 's huge and truly excellent line up of games , Chrono Cross is a jewel . It has beautiful graphics -LRB- you will never believe that it is only 32 bits -RRB- , great music , challenging and though provoking battles , a myriad of characters , many items to find , subquests galore , and best of all , it has an absorbing story , with twists and turns to match any sci-fi/fantasy novel . And did I mention that there are AT LEAST 12 documented endings ? It is rumored that the Japanese version has a documented 13th , but apparently it is not quite the same on the American version , although there are rumors . Gameplay becomes progressively more challenging . Although anyone could muddle through the first few hours , it takes forethought , logic , and strategy to progress . This is not a game for young kids -LRB- I would say , perhaps a mature 13 year old , absolute minimum . My hubby is 29 , and he ca n't put it down ! -RRB- Not because it contains inappropriate subject matter , but because the game is designed for patience and persistence . The next move in the plot is usually hidden and requires the player to seek it out by talking to all of the Non-Playing Characters multiple times and retaining what each one says . I bought Zelda , Majora 's Mask the day it came out and after only 3 hours I went back to Chrono Cross . Why ? The graphics are BETTER in Chrono Cross , the story is much deeper by far , and the gameplay is more advanced . Replay value is infinite , particularly with the Game + feature which enables the returning triumphant player to begin a new game with many advantages , like bonuses in hit points , items , weapons , and the option of accelerating game play . Cons . I love this game , but there are a few points that annoy me . The intro sequences to each battle get tedious . The `` battle music '' is wearing . There are times you can get stuck just because you do n't know what happens next . And the most annoying , -LRB- but also the best part of the game -RRB- , the decisions you make affect the rest of the game . For example , I did not `` liberate '' Marbule , so I did not fight the Black Dragon who lived there , so I could not steal the Black Scale from him , which meant I was at a major disadvantage when facing all of the hugely strong black-element bosses to come , and when I looked for help on walkthroughs they ALL said I needed the Black Scale to progress further . Well , I did n't really , but it made my life a lot harder !! Do n't worry , I did n't give anything away . This is a great game , the best I have ever played , in any genre . It is adventure , strategy , role-playing , fighting , DVD , and novel all rolled into one . I would willingly have paid $ 100 had I known how good it was before I bought it , but fortunately you do n't have to !! Get it now !!
 Well , I got this game a while ago , tore open the package , popped it into the Playstation , and awaited pure RPG satisfaction . But in a way , I was kinda dissappointed . Although I got a bit nostalgic from hearing some of the tunes from the original `` Chrono Trigger '' . The game overall was pretty good with sweet graphics , and a storyline that was fairly well played out . However , I personally felt that the game was just a little too easy , I was annoyed how they reused that stupid system of `` forging '' new weapons , and most of all , I hated the fact that they TOOK OUT TIME TRAVEL ! That was the heart and core of the original `` Chrono Trigger '' and definitely one of the main reasons why everyone loved it . But NOOOOO , you can only travel between alternate dimensions ! Hey , Squaresoft , you did a good job with this game , but you could 've done better . And bring the PSX Chrono Trigger with the beautiful anime cutscenes drawn by Akira Toriyama over here ! Japan got it , why wo n't you give it to us !?!
 All I can say is ... WOW ! Amazing graphics and I love the battle system because you are more in control of your attacks . Also , being a Chrono Trigger fan , I absolutely loved some of the deja vu moments sprinkled thoughout the game . It 's not required to play Trigger before hand , but you will get more out of the Cross story if you have played Trigger before . The story is one of the better plot lines I have encountered . It was ridden with so many plot twists that in more than one occasion I really did n't see it coming . Knowing the Trigger plot ... I actually expected what happened to Crono would happen to Serge or someone else in the group ... boy was I surprised at the spin that was put on the situation ! One of my favorite double techs is an adorable one called `` DraggyRider . '' It 's soooo cute ! I wo n't tell you which two character perform this tech either . I also think -LRB- and I believe most people would agree -RRB- is that the tech `` Forever Zero '' is one of the best techs animated in the entire game . Also , when you beat the game ... you can get two different endings ... one good , and one really -LSB- bad -RSB- one . You 'll get the bad ending if you do n't do * it * right , and the good ending is definately worth seeing , even if it 's only for the heartwarming aspect of it ... oh , yeah ! One last thing ... Kid and Harle ROCK !
 Amazon does NOT do a good job when you order a bunch of games in jewel cases . Some of my games came a bit cracked including Chrono cross and FF origins . Be careful when you order jewel case games because they will be cracked if you order from Amazon . ASK FOR PADDED ENVELOPES !
 Chrono Cross at first seems like your normal run of the mill squaresoft rpg , but after your first battle you realize that it is something much more . With its original combat and experience system you 'll never have to run around and build levels . And this is just the beginning it has a wonderful story that engulfes you similar to the way Final Fantasy 7 probably did . This is definetly a must own for the original Playstation .
 I 'll admit , I never played Chrono Trigger . I was weaned on the Playstation Final Fantasy games , and Chrono Cross surpasses them all.Once again , Square has created characters that are instantly likable -LRB- albeit with tremendous speech problems -RRB- and thrust them into a story that spans two worlds , both of which rely on a young boy to save them from an evil threat.The battle system is a departure from the Final Fantasy standard . Your characters depend on stamina points for attacks , both physical and magical . Instead of purchasing or drawing spells , you buy elements . Elements act the same as spells , and come in one of six colors . Each character also has an innate color attached to them . For example
 Chrono Cross is a great game . With no random battles , no magic points , and almost no items , the game is incredibly easy to play . The ability to heal automatically after a battle eliminates most of the tedious work of healing outside of battle and the Stamina system is one of the most flexible and easy to use systems out there . Chrono Trigger vets will be amazed at the references in CC , and the story stands on it 's own . One little problem
 Thier is no doubt about it . Chrono Cross is the best RPG I have played in a while . While I love Final Fantasy games Chrono Cross is the sequal to 1995 's Chrono Trigger . I feel ashamed I never played the snes one . Here are the list of Highs and Lows.Highs
 It 's been a while since I 've played Chrono Trigger . I admit , I really do n't remember it at all . But it had its charm and I considered it a pretty good game.Now , the sequal comes out and I 'm thinking , `` hmm ... this might be good '' even though Chrono Trigger was a distant memory.I heard a lot about the hype surrounding this game . I was a little hesitant because of the mixed reviews that Legend of Mana , Legend of Dragoon , etc. were getting . I was hoping Chrono Cross would be a good investment , not just a `` mixed '' anything.Awesome ! Maybe a kind of a cheesy way to describe this game , but I think it fits . I was totally sucked in when the opening FMV played and I have never looked back since . The battle system is unique and very cool , although the Element System -LRB- magic -RRB- was a bit confusing at first . Once you get the hang of it , you 'll love it . The strategy behind it is top-notch . Now , to the music . I also heard about how the great the music was in this game . Man , is it ever ! I almost cried in one part where the music fit so darn well with the actions on the screen . This has to be one of the best game soundtracks ever just because it evokes so much emotion.The plot . Great , involving story , but a little confusing at times , especially around 2/3 of the game through , but it eventually makes sense -LRB- kind of like The Matrix -RRB- . Deficiencies . I have yet to see an aspect of this game that I do n't like , except for it taking up my precious time needed for studying.So , I highly recommend you get this game . Good music , great graphics , and a strong plot help make this one of the best games Squaresoft has ever put out -LRB- well maybe until FF9 comes out -RRB- .
 this game is the best game i own . fun from start to finish . the graphics are the best i have ever seen . you are switching from 2 diffrent world alot but thats the best part . i do suggest that you get the guide when you buy this game . its needed
 Crono Trigger for the SNES had , in my opinion , the best and most memorable music out of just about all SNES RPGs I 've played . It is VERY gratifying to see that in the sequel , Squaresoft paid attention to little things like that that made the first game so great . In addition to the sound , everything , and I do mean EVERYTHING about this game is great ! It ties into the Crono Trigger timeline perfectly -LRB- once you get far enough into it anyway -RRB- , the gameplay is great , and there 's over 40 playable characters !
 When I began playing this game I got off to a slow start.But after a while I picked it up and moved through the game in no time . The graphics to this game are amazing . Well actually amazing does n't describe them ! The graphics are overwheelmingly beautiful ! Stunning ! The game play is awsome ! I love to plot to the game . . the only downer is -LRB- has nothing to do with the game but the actually playstation system ! -RRB- it tends to run very slow during a certain scene . . when Kidd ... and Lynx . . and Serge ... er . . I wont spoil it . . anyways other then that ! Its GREAT ! BUY THIS GAME PEOPLE !
 This is one of the best games you will ever play . And if you have ever in your life played Chrono Trigger than it is a must have . This is one of the few Squaresoft games that is a TRUE Sequel -LRB- unlike the Final Fantasy series -RRB- . No one could truely say why this game is so cool you have to experience it for yourself .
 this game is the best game ever the graphics are the best and its the funnest game ever if you are going to buy a game buy this one you wont regret it
 ONE OF THE BEST RPGS TO EVER GRACE THE PLAYSTATION CONSOLE , EXQUISITELY EXECUTED , FLAWLESS CHARACTER DESIGN , SMOOTH RENDERING AND A HIGHLY EVOCATIVE SOUNDTRACK , `` CHRONO CROSS '' IS ONE OF THE BEST REASONS TO EVER OWN A PLAYSTATION , BUT DONT BELIEVE ME , DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND BUY IT
 Hey , anyone lookin at this game is smarter then the average RPG ' r Squaresoft outdid themselves when they made this game . You get about thirty playable characters , and plenty of special attacks and elemental spells . There is no level system because after every battle your stats go up . Compared to the Final Fantasy Games , Chrono Cross has very good replay ability . There is no random battle system and no bosses that are impossible to beat and all the characters are developed well . This is one of the best RPG 's ever made . Trust me , I 've played em all .
 This is one of my Top 5 Video Games on the face of the Earth . With prodigious 3D graphics , awesome characters with a number topping 40 , and a great battle system , Chrono Cross easily beats most other games . I only tried it for 5 days and I got hooked . When I had to return it , I new I needed to get the game .
 Chrono Cross is like most other SquareSoft games ... incredibal . The story for this game is full of twists and has several different endings making each time you play it unique . Spanning over 2 discs , countless hours of gameplay and 2 worlds is truely any Role Playing Gamer 's dream come true .
 That game is so great ! I thought that the ghrapics where beautiful ! but I must say , It 's no better than Chrono Trigger . And I have the game myself . you know , the beating the lavos thingy to save the world ? I thougt the music was better , too . As I say , nothig 's better than the original ! but I still like the ghrapics . in fact I think that the grapics where a tad better .
 The title of this review pretty much says it all but wow this game blows me away . I 'm a serious gamer and love a good RPG but i honestly think this is one of , if not the best ive ever played ! I just ca n't help it . Yes i mean better than even FFVII !! good story line , cool characters -LRB- except solt and peppor -RRB- who always say `` lets shake it outta here '' when you beat them in battle . But besides that the battle mode is so good and with so many mysteries and things you dont find out till later its just great . OK enough from me i think u guys get the idea ...
 What a great time this was ! I LOVED the control that the player actually has over the story ; in other Square titles , the RPG aspect of things is questionable . Sure , you can pick which characters you play , but the game itself is unaffected by the player 's choices . Chrono Cross actually allows you to direct the story in quite a few places , and that is a welcome development.The only complaint I had - and it is an admittedly small one - is that there are SO many characters to recruit and choose from that the character development gets a tad thin . Of course , considering that there are almost 40 characters to play , this is understandable.I highly enjoyed this particular game , and will play it again . The only advice I would have for future gamers is to make sure that you purchase the game guide as well as the software ; there are so many different possibilities and in-game secrets that you should n't miss out on . I know I missed quite a few things the first time , and I would n't want to do it again !
 I just finished this game for the second time , and im going for my third time into it , Every time i get into it i play for hours . The first time I played through it , it took me 40 + hours to finish . Then with a little thing the game gives you it took me just under 15 + hours to finish the second time . As you get experienced with the game , itll become alot easier . This game is a winner all the way . Personally i like it better than any of Square 's Final Fantasy games . I bought this game a couple of months ago and it was the best game i could have bought for my playstation . Go buy this game .
 I think this game is the best playstation console game !! . It has great graphics and the color is great too . I give this game 5 stars because you can tell alot of effort went into the game and its pretty popular too . I would recomend buying this game cause it will supply you hours of fun during summer vacation when you have NOTHING to do !
 I am currently playing this game and am a little over halfway through , I think . I 've really enjoyed it so far - the graphics are nice , though you 'd better have a decent-sized TV with good resolution to read the small text on the menu screen . Most RPGs have predictable storylines , but I was actually surprised by the events that unfolded midway through this game . Once you get the hang of handling all the different Elements , the fights really get interesting . I like the fact that you can use the `` Run Away '' option if you 're getting the crap beaten out of you to back out of a battle , reorganize your elements or equipment , then jump back into the battle . Overall , a very good RPG . Ca n't wait to see how it ends .
 Chrono Cross is beyond convential definitions of enjoyment . Thought on your in-game situation during or after gameplay yields unwanted criticism and unwarrented potential dislike . However , while playing , pure enthrallment is perfectly framed in the mind . I do n't think that I had a gameplay time less than 4 hours straight during my experience with this game , though my afterthoughts considered my experiences almost outright boring . I came to accept these primal self-wrought insults to perfection , for , if you can accept the term and are open-minded , this game can proudly wear that constantly sought moniker . It DOES take an open mind to give this game the term of perfection , because what it does differntly is SO right though still its difference may avert the wary.Centering around Serge and containing a cast of 40 mostly-underdeveloped characters , Chrono Cross is an ambitious title . From its onset , it throws a twist on the turn-based battle style -- requiring unusually high amounts of strategy . A stamina system -LRB- of which each person starts with 7 -RRB- defines each persons turn , regular attacks requiring 1 , 2 , or 3 stamina points and spells weighing at 7 stamina points . Its possible to dip into the negative though this makes turns impossible for a while . Each person gains back a set amount of stamina every turn , unless they use all of it in which case they gain it all back on the next turn for an indescribable reason . The storyline is excellent , offering brain-jarring twists -LRB- though hurt by the main character 's silence -RRB- . It continues Chrono Trigger 's impressive story , though in a very detached way that barely bares resemblance . However , nostalgia will hit some of the most familiar , especially the first time such a person hears the remix of win-battle music -- its beautiful . Leading to the soundtrack , its enchanting . When one first steps into `` Another World '' the metaphysical trek will magnify ten-fold from music alone.Perhaps this game 's only glaring flaw -LRB- aside from the character development , or lack thereof -RRB- is its reliance on the different . People are many times aversive to what they are n't used too ; I was when first starting , though my open-upbringing allowed me glimpses into Chrono Cross ' brilliance . The lack of classic turn-based battles , lack of convential level-gaining , and lack of MP spell use -LRB- this game allows the use of a specific spell once per battle . The spells are also located in a strange grid in which seeing precludes understanding -RRB- . Through its oddities , Chrono Cross shines as an innovative foray into the sometimes stagnant RPG genre ; a beautiful graphically foray at that . A must play for those who can accept something different .
 Chrono Cross was the most anticipated game sequal ever . The release of Chrono Trigger for the Super Nintendo platform evolved into this game 20 years later . With up to 40 characters to choose from and multiple ways to play the game , I would have to say it is great fun . After playing the game for two days , believing I had game part way through , I realized that I had a long way to go . This lack of progress on my part , tells me that this game will take a long time to beat -LRB- which is a very good thing -RRB- . From people deciding to buy this game , think no more , this game is a sure winner . I bought a PS2 as my first system , and this was the best game overall -LRB- including PS2 games so far . I have Madden 2002 - a great game . Ephemaral Fantasia - a bad game . ESPN Skatebording - a good 2 player game , but bad 1 player . NBA Shootout 2001 - a really really bad game , given as a present . Mobile Suit Gundam Journey To Juburo - Good game , but really hard . -RRB- . Chrono cross deals with a young man named Serge , who goes on a quest for his girl friend , Leena -LRB- name remembered from Chrono Trigger -RRB- . He is then warped to an alternate dimension where he is dead ! The game deals with serge and his friends ' exploits . I have not beatem the game , but the ending looks really good in the strategy guide .
 Crono Cross is the long awaited sequel to one of the best RPGs on the SNES , Crono Trigger . Even though Crono Cross has few connections with Crono Trigger other than a couple of remixed music tracks here and there , it is still well worth any RPG fan 's time . The battle system in Crono Cross is the most obvious change from traditional RPGs , and can be confusing at first . Instead of Magic Points , the ability to cast spells and using items in battle are reliant on elemental levels . Each time you attack , your elemental level increases allowing you to use more powerful spells according to how you `` allocated '' them on that character . It 's not as confusing as it sounds though , so anyone who has played a lot of RPGs before will be a able to quickly adjust within a few hours of gameplay . That said , Crono Cross is probably best reserved for those who are seasoned RPG players . Other features such as the graphics , sound , and story are all top notch , so there 's nothing to worry about in those departments . Branching paths and well over 40 different characters add even more reason not to pass this one up . If you want a break from the same old style of RPG , or are just looking for a title to hold you over until Dragon Warrior 7 or Final Fantasy 10 , I strongly recommend Crono Cross .
 When I first played this game , I did n't think it was going to be very good because I did n't like the battle system very much -LRB- I was used to the Final Fantasy IX one -RRB- but after a while , the plot thickened and I started to like it . Now I love the battle system just as much as Final Fantasy IX 's ! I also love the graphics , the plot , the idea of having tons of characters and the idea of alternate endings . Even though I 've never played Chrono Trigger , the prequel to this extraordinary tale with the idea of time travel , I am sure it is as good if not better , than Chrono Cross and I can not wait to beat both of them .
 This is a game worth going to the trouble of looking for and buying ... or simply clicking a few times on this page and buying it from Amazon , though i got mine used , as good as new with a Game Doctor , and with the PS2 , it runs good anyway . Ok now that i 'm done advertising i 'll just skip talking about the game . You can probably read several other reviews that might even give away the story . But i 'll say this ... after playing it about 6 times i 've fainlly used every character to my hearts extent , but am too curious about the rumored endings . Ok , i know that some games have several endings , just as Chrono Tirgger -LRB- the prequil to Cross , also available on Amazon -RRB- . It all depends on which characters you use to beat the game , at what point you beat the game in NewGame + mode , and if you use the Cross or not . There 's too many variations on it , and i still ca n't make Harle stay!But what i 'm going to talk about is the Sound Track . That 's right . Ok you know the Boston Pops , right ? Well i 'm sure they 'd do much of the Chrono Cross music if there was n't already a sound track for it . I mean seriously , my own mother , a few friends , professor , and colleagues all could not believe that the music came from a video game ! It was immpossible to make them believe it , well some of them , until they heard it from the game themselves . That 's true , this has the best music that i 've ever heard , besides the tracks in FF7 -LRB- probably becuase i loved that game and it did n't matter if it had no music -RRB- . It 's also just as singsongy as Xeno gears -LRB- despite the fact that the music was n't that great -RRB- and it is what drives the game along as well . The polygon characters , which are great by the way , can not really express saddness , desperation , hope , anger , all those things etc. but the music fully conveys that fact . The combinations of the guitar and percussion instruments -LRB- harsh -RRB- against the flutes and Violins -LRB- soft -RRB- give it a really great `` fantastical '' . I got it all off Napster -LRB- before Napster turned Tollroady on us -RRB- and burned it . It 's the only music that actually keeps me awake in the car on those long 8 hours drives -LRB- in excpetion to Star Wars -RRB- . Ok , so the music is great ! Get it just for the music ! And beat it so you can hear the ending theme and the credit music ! Ok ... and get it becuase it 's a decent game with many options , not really linear and not really open for your chosing . There are hundreds of sidequests and the secondary character you do n't even have to save or use after a certain point . There 's no silly side game like cards as complex and useless as FF9 's or ... that 's all i can think of.Anyway , i have a PC and had sold my PS becuase FF7 and 8 came out for PC . But then Chrono Cross came out and i immediately bought another POS/PS1 just to play Chrono cross . Though be warned , theres a problem with older PS 's about the second disk 's startup ... try turning the PS on its side or even turning it over . I finally got it to work after 20 minutes , but i did n't mind as long as the background music was playing along : - -RRB- Yes , worth buying , playing and listening to . Enjoy a great game with many possibilites , all depending on what decisions you make . Play it through once doing what you think is the `` linear '' path of the game , and then play it through with a more daring mind , trying to break away from the Linear method . You 'll be surprised at how different the game can be . Of course it all comes down to the same thing in certain places ... but even the second character in your party can differ between two characters , and the third can differ between 4 ... get the picture ? Purchase and enjoy !
 This game really suprised me . I really had never cared for this genre of video games , but I was hearing so much good stuff about this one . So I picked it up , and was so very pleased . The game is just so warm . It has a heart . I 've played some FF games - they seem just too cold . Also , it 's very difficult . Chrono Cross is just such a fun game . The graphics are very good for Playstation . The gameplay is awesome . You have to play it to believe it . So , my final plea , get this game !
 This is the best RPG you will ever play , hands down ! If you enjoy a compley story , many secrets and tricks , and an incredible plot you will love it . Any Final Fantasy fan will be impressed , as this games does the original Chrono Trigger one better . To be objective though , the game has a few minor flaws . If you have never played an RPG before , you may get lost on a few occasions , Chrono Cross is no walk in the park . But anyways the game is so good that I 'm buying the strategy guide for it after i 've already beatin it . Because the replay value is so great I want to unlock every secret . It took me a little under 40 hours to beat with no guide , and it was very fun . If you like RPG 's though , you ca n't go wrong with Chrono Cross , its off tha heezi fo sheezi my N **** !!
 This game is totally cool ! Not only is the music awesome , but the graphics are too . This game is also great because you can recruit different characters . You even can go through different plot lines even though you 're heading towards the same ending . This game is the best !
 This is the best game in the world i 've played it all through the end i 've beat the game twice already i 've played chrono trigger too it was great i 've never seen a better game though the battle system is pretty complicated i 've beat Lavos through the time devourer
 In it 's time , Chrono Trigger was hailed one the best looking games of all time , the same can be said for it 's sequal ` Chrono Cross ' . From beginning to end , this game blows away the competition and deliveres the highest quality of gaming out of any RPG ever . The battle system is uniqe , staying away from the super hard ` Legends of Dragoon ' battle system , but being more complicated that FF7 or 8 's battle system . The elements system in Chrono Cross is confusing though . Everyone has an innater color . Every color has an opposite , Black-white , red-blue , green-yellow . Opposite colors do more damage to one another . Then there is the feild effect , which is an oval divided into three parts , get the enire oval one color , and it 's opposite will be weakend and that color will be stronger . The graphics are amazing . Bright and colorful , they make me notice how dark and drab even my faviorite games are . But I play an RPG mainly for two things , story and music . I think music greatly efects a game , movie , or anything . Because it 's the music that plays with your sub-concience , telling you when to be tense or relieved . Chrono Cross exells in the music category with all it 's light and `` care-free '' music . But the thing that makes this game an absolute best by , is the story . The story is about a boy named Serge who is suddenly torn from his home world into a separate dimension where he died 10 years before . So , you see , by reading this review , I hope you have decided to choose Chrono Cross as the next game you by !!!
 Chrono Cross is a wonderful mix of plot and gameplay . I ca n't think of anything about the game that seriously perturbed me , besides the usual -LRB- repetative battle music , loading times ... -RRB- . There are a number of things that make this game stand out from other games .1 -RRB- The music is really good . Unfortunately , no matter how good any music is , you get sick of it after listening to it hour after hour . I still do n't understand why nobody 's picked up on multiple battle anthems -LRB- or no battle anthems at all -RRB- .2 -RRB- A unique battle system
 I 'll just be straight forward ... if you 've played Chrono Trigger , you 'll love this game.Its been a long time since I 've played a video game that had a decent story and beautiful graphics and music to go along with it . The Chrono series have a very unqiue story to them ... time travel . We 're not talking about gettin ' in a car with Micheal J Fox , we 're talking about some interesting , `` what if this could happen in the real world '' , magical story.The game starts off in a scene that will be revealed later in the game , you 're in control of Serge , the main character of Cross . You also have 2 others joining your party , Kid and a random character ... it 's different everytime you start the game.What really makes this game top flight is that if you play it again , under a new quest , you can take different paths and the game will be totally different . There is no right or wrong way either . Squaresoft did a great job in making this game come true -LRB- there was n't a planned sequel at the time of Chrono Trigger -RRB- . If you 're an avid RPG gamer or only like to play a good game once in awhile , Chrono Cross is for you .
 In 1995 the highly popular Chrono Trigger debuted on the SNES . Now , five years later , its sequel , Chrono Cross , arrives on the PlayStation . But does it measure up to its predecessor?Much like Chrono Trigger , Chrono Cross has some of the best graphics seen on its system , and its music is the best I 've ever heard from a game.Chrono Cross differs from Chrono Trigger in that , rather than travelling to five different periods in time , you travel in between two parallel worlds . Though that may infer that there is less to explore and do , it is actually the opposite . Chrono Cross offers so many subquests that if someone were to try to accomplish them all , it would take them over 60 hours to complete the game.This game also has a great battle system . First off , elements , which pretty much take the place of magic , items , and techniques , have a level from 1 - 8 . These elements can be attached to a character 's `` Element Grid , '' which contains slots for holding elements from levels 1 - 8 . For example
 I first would like to start this review by saying that I have been a gamer from way back when the original Nintendo console first came on the market . That 's when I just fell in love with all the outstanding things technoligy today can do . I would also like to say that I have played Chono Trigger and I thought that that was the best game ever . That is until I played this game . This game has it all . Phenominal graphics , a spectacular plot , a beautiful musical score , and fun and exciting new characters . Not to mention some old faces . Now I would like to end this passage by saying that this is a fabulous sequal and everyone who was interested in the original Chrono Trigger , would have a blast playing this one . Thank you for your time .
 I truly love this game . This may be Square 's finest work on the Playstation thus far . The graphics are extremely gorgeous , rivaling and surpassing those of its predecessor , Final Fantasy 8 . From lush , deep jungles to mysterious , crystal clear oceans of mesmerizing blue , this game never fails in the graphics area . What is really spectacular , however , are the battle scenes . The spells and various tech skills are exquisite , to say the least . There is more eye candy in one battle sometimes than in many other games Ive played . Some moves show eclipses of the moon , in which deadly accurate moonbeams shine down on foes with excruciating force , while others are more comical , yet still possessing the overall quality of depth , such as the cute frog prince , who is no less lethal , as he calls up a wave of ocean to smite foes . Lighting effects are very nice as well , what with torches , illuminated doorways and many other light sources being approximated brilliantly . The battle system itself is very easy to get into and learn , if not master . Basically your characters can either do a move from level 1 to 3 , 1 being weakest and 3 being strongest , however , in an order to balance out the situation , strong moves often have a lower chance of succeding than the weak moves , which cause little to no damage , versus the strong moves doing up to and beyond five times that much . As you keep attacking , your levels are added to give you an overall power level . Say you do two strong moves , at 3 points each , giving you a total of 6 points , which means now , you can do a skill , or spell from level 1 to 6 , if you have that many available . The spells and skills , as well as max power levels go all the way up to 8 , 8 of course being quite fantastic moves , usually the summoning of elementals themselves , which takes a bit of patience , but is well worth the effort . The music and sound effects in the game are flawless , as you would expect from a game of this caliber . Whether in the dimly lit sewers under Viper Manor , or the dense jungles of Gaea 's Navel , the music does indeed fit perfectly . I really enjoy the foreboding tone of one of the worlds , which if listened to closely , resembles the theme of the prequel , Chrono Trigger . Replayability isnt bad either . With a save option after the final credits have rolled , and the ability to keep most items and spells for a new game , it will help you finish the game the second or third time around a whole lot faster . There are also more features in the second game , like fast forwarding battle or slowing down scenes . You are even given the option at the start of battles to switch out your main charcater for someone else . If played thoroughly , by your third game , you can have all -LRB- and I mean all -RRB- tne characters available in your party . This is no small task either , as there are literally tons of characters , each with their own different tech skills , and weapons . Also adding to the replayability of the game is the fact that the game has 11 endings , depending on where in the game you are when you best the final boss , you will see a different ending . The key is to beat it after finishing key moments in the game . All in all , this game is a very good example of Square 's level of care in making RPG 's . I wholeheartedly recommend this for anyone needing a new one to get lost in , or anymore with a few millenia to spend traveling through time .
 For those unfamiliar with the original Chrono Trigger game , it was a revolutionary RPG for these reasons
 In it 's day , Chrono Trigger was hailed one of the best looking RPGs of it 's time . The same can be said for it 's sequal , Chrono CrossFrom Begining to end , this game exells in every aspect . The battle system is refined to give a worthy challenge without over doing it like in Legends of Dragoon.The graphics are , like I said , the best seen yet for an RPG . The graphics are bright and alive , they even make my favorite RPGs look dark and dingy . They keep away from the pixil , pologany look of Final Fantasy games , while keeping a 3D look.But I do n't play RPGs for the graphics or battle system , I plau for the music and story , both of these are spectacular in Chrono Cross.Spectacular , awsome , stupendous , in a word , genius . The story behind Chrono Cross , is a boy named Serge , who is pulled into a parrelel universe . Now , If I tell anymore , I might accidently let on a spoiler.The music is great . The best to come from Squaresoft since the days of FF6 . It makes you happy , sad , or normal . It , like the graphics , are very bright and colorful.So , if you have been looking for a game like this one , buy Chrono Cross !
 This game was from my childhood and I vaguely understood it then , replaying it , everything makes more sense , I know all there is to know about the spinoffs and prequels though it would have been nice if those things were more connected than having the same items or a quick mention of the Radical Dreamers . That aside , despite the fact that you get over twenty characters , just about all of which have a stupid reason for helping you , many of them are funny or enjoyable to play with . You switch btw worlds to do stuff which is fun . Though with all the character side quests the story gets a bit bogged down and lost in translation . The story is quite immersive however and I wish someone would remake these old games . This game , Legend of Dragoon and Xenogears to name a few would make amazing revamp projects and they 'd sell . These games have a cult following and anyone who loves an RPG but does n't want the dated graphics would enjoy them as well .
 The title says it all . This is simply one of the best games ever made . Other reviews praise the great battle system , the compelling rpg elements , and the ingenious leveling system . This is all true , but the fact is that it is just simply a good game with a good story.It combines well thought out characters combined with a compelling plot all accompanied by a stunning soundtrack that underscores every moment . Saying that it is a game that was ahead of its time is an understatement . It is a game that will transcend time and live in the annals of video game history.Chrono Cross explores the limits of video game creation and blows past them . It tells a huge story spanning across massive maps in a huge sandbox world . The player can explore the worlds tiniest details or play any of the multiple mini games . There is no pressure to progress through the story line at all , which makes the game that much more playable . The player is not bullied into following a story line , or forced to face action and conflict the entire time.Again , ladies and gentlemen , this was a PlayStation one game developed with a tiny budget . Not some multi-million dollar FPS game . Just a simple game that focus on all the strengths of the system it has at its disposal.Should you buy this game ? Yes . Its it a game that everyone will enjoy ? Maybe not . But the fact is that if you are looking for a fun game with an interesting story , lovable characters , and an amazing soundtrack , this is for you.-Joey 's Reviews
 This game was atrociously bad , and I do n't know why people say it 's so good . Let 's start with the basics-The backbone of any good RPG is the plot . Chrono Cross lacks a true plot . Well , I guess you could call it a plot , but it 's really just a bunch of pseudo-intellectual drivel that does nothing to propel the game along.In addition to the bad -LRB- or nonexistent -RRB- plot , to complicate matters , the characters do n't really interact with the plot at all . Well , only four of them do , out of forty characters ; the other 36 have nothing to do at all with the plot , and they lack real personalities -LRB- if you 've read the book Jim the Boy , you 'll know what I 'm talking about -RRB- . On to the third most important part of an RPG
 Chrono Cross is a great game and well thought out story , plus it has great music ! Being that I have not played the original Chrono Trigger I can not judge its value as a sequel . Regardless , Chrono Cross opens up with enough action and an intriguing storyline to captivate someone who is totally new to the series , or RPGs in general . The concept behind the story is like a mixture of Jewels Vern 's Time Machine , Star Wars , and Indiana Jones.The basis of the story -LRB- without giving too much away -RRB- is about a boy named Serge who is transported to a parallel world just like his own except in this parallel world he died when he was just a boy . Next ensues an adventure with TONS of characters to try to figure out the role that a force called FATE , Six Dragons `` Gods '' , and mankind have in either saving or destroying the future.While the way the story develops is great throughout the 1st CD and most of the second my problem with Chrono Cross is the poorly planned ending in my opinion.I beat the game with the `` good '' ending that requires you to find Chrono Cross and use it properly -LRB- among other things -RRB- , but I still feel that more could be resolved with the way the story ties together at the end . One great feature about Chrono Cross is that you can start a new game after beating the first if you remember to save after the final credits when beating the last boss -LRB- do n't get impatient and cut your Playstation off just press start and save -RRB- . This allows you to start a New Game + mode where you have all your abilities and you get a device that lets you go back to `` where it all started '' and fight the last boss at almost any point in the game , this gives you access to all the various endings depending on where you are in the game and what characters you have -LRB- I hear there are around 9 endings -RRB- , so far I have found two endings . This feature and the ability to speed up the flow of the game in the New Game + mode are nice.Personally I would have rather seen the developers focus on one or two great endings rather than 8 or 9 pretty good ones.Overall Chrono Cross is a good game that has enough to keep you busy if you want a brief break from Final Fantasy ! Looking for a sequel .
 I 've enjoyed this game better then most games as of late ... The graphics are great -LRB- I do n't never care about the graphics , but they were good anyway -RRB- , and the storyline ... Well I 'll just say it does n't compare to J.R.R. Tolkien 's The Lord of the Rings , but if there is one game that does , please tell me . I like the storyline ok , but piling it in all of a sudden really is quite annoying . The battle system is not original , just has not been used many times . I really liked the techs in Chrono Trigger , and I was disappointed not to see only techs when I bought Chrono Cross , but thinking of all those techs would have made the release date for the game in about the year 2010 . . Not seeing Crono again was kind of sad , but storylines seem to suffer if they use the same characters over and over again . This game is also dirt easy , but most games I play are dirt easy because I 've been playing RPG 's since I was 6 years old , so my opinion does n't matter . The music is probably the best aspect of this game because it always seems to fit the situation . Yes , I would play the music in my car too .
 Chrono Trigger ... the greatest RPG ever made . No matter what anyone says , it is truly one of the best . About 5 years later , Squaresoft unveiled the highly acclaimed sequel to Chrono Trigger , Chrono Cross , and I was down at Electronic Boutique the day it came out -LRB- August 15th , 2000 -RRB- . I could n't wait to get home and play this , and as soon as I did , I popped it into my Playstation . The opening FMV was amazing -LRB- better than FF8 -RRB- . And then I started to play . Everything was going great so far , then I got into my first battle ... What the heck !?! The battle system was completely different than the Chrono Trigger one that I loved so much . It mixes the Xenogears attack system -LRB- 3 different attacks , used to make combos -RRB- and for the element system , it 's like the FF7 materia system -LRB- customize your guys with different elements -RRB- . Soon later , I found out that the game takes place only in 2 worlds , and there was n't any time travel.I yelled , I cursed , and I swore never to play this game again ... Ten minutes later , I found myself glued to it.The more of it that I played , the more and more I enjoyed it . The story is truly engrossing , but it still does n't compare to Chrono Trigger . The basic story is this
 Earlier this year , I finally bought my Playstation 2 . I 'd had an Xbox for a long time , but was finally fed up with all the RPGs that I was missing out on . After beating FFX and Kingdom Hearts , I picked up this game , knowing that it was the semi-sequel to one of my favorite games , and ... WOW!The graphics in this game are about average for their time , a little above average , maybe . It features 3d characters moving around on prerendered backgrounds -LRB- think a really well done painting that LOOKS 3d -RRB- . While the graphical quality is slightly above average , the character design is gorgeous , with every character having a memorable look to him/her/IT , and the level of detail put into every area is astounding.But if you 're one of those people who can hate a game because of dated graphics , just take one moment to close your eyes , and listen ... hear that ? That 's the greatest soundtrack EVER produced for a videogame . The sound quality is better than most stuff I 've seen on the PS2 , and I could hardly believe it was even POSSIBLE with PS1 technology . Every tune in this game is amazing , with the exception with the battle theme , which ... well it grows on ya over time.The battle system is the best I 've seen in a turn-based RPG . When you start the battle every character is given 7 stamina points . When you go to use them , you can do a low , medium , or high-powered attack , using 1 , 2 , and 3 stamina points , respectively . Also , every attack has a hit percentage , which goes UP with each successful hit . In other words , when you start your turn , a level-3 attack might have a 60 % hit rate , which obviously is n't very good , but after you attack the enemy twice with a low attack , and once with a medium , it might be up to about 85 % . This makes for many different combinations of attacks , depending on how cautious you want to be or how much damage you want to do.To do everything else , this game utilizes `` elements . '' Elements is the name the game uses for Spells , Items , AND Special attacks . Out of battle , you arrange your `` elements '' -LRB- which are obtained through shops , treasure chests , etc. -RRB- in a grid that will eventually grow to have 8 levels , with a certain number of slots in each level . In battle , to use an element you must first reach that `` element level '' by attacking physically . A level-2 attack raises your element level by two , allowing you to cast a level 2 element , while an additional lvl.-2 attack raises it to 4 . When you cast an element , your element lvl . is subtracted by whatever one you used , meaning if your element lvl . is 5 and you cast a lvl . 3 element , it goes down to 2 . Also , you can only cast each element once per battle , so if you want to cast multiple of the same spell/item , you must put many of the same element in your grid . There 's some other stuff , too , but it 'd be too hard to explain to someone who has n't played the game . Basically , the battle system is incredibly strategic , and is a BLAST to play , REALLY REALLY fun . The game is easy throughout most of the game , with about 1/3 of the bosses being kinda hard , and maybe 5 of them being EXTREMELY hard . The normal enemies are mostly easy , it 's the bosses that make the game.The plot is very complicated , it makes perfect sense if you just pay attention -LRB- and talk to lots of NPCs , especially in a certain-city-at-the-end-of-the-game ... -RRB- , and THINK a little . This is one game that REALLY makes you think , full of paradoxes and deep questions about free will and the meaning of life , etc. . Many people dislike the game because , `` it has nothing to do with Chrono Trigger '' , but I 've got to say `` Oh yes it does ! '' While characters and other stuff from Chrono Trigger are n't IN the game -LRB- as actual characters to talk to or whatever , except for in a few parts ... -RRB- , the story is DIRECTLY linked with the past and future events of Crono and co. in their quest to defeat Lavos . The beauty it is that since Chrono TRIGGER is a time-travel game , Chrono Cross actually takes place both before AND after the original ! The story is so complicated , the events actually happen over the course of two separate timelines ! And I do n't mean the two dimensions , I mean two timelines for ONE dimension , because the effect of time travel is that you rewrite an entire timeline from the point that you intervene . So events in CT affect CC , AND vice versa , making the combination of the two the most complex storyline I 've ever seen in a videogame -LRB- although it should be noted that I have n't played Xenogears yet , which is supposed to be even more complicated than this game ... -RRB- . The only thing I do n't like about this game ... is that I ca n't decide what part is the best ! No matter how hard I try , I ca n't decide on the best aspect of the game , be it the music , story , or battle system . It 's the combination of those elements , working together perfectly , like pieces of a puzzle , that make Chrono Cross the true gem that it is . Whether you 've played Chrono Trigger or not , I advise you to play this game right now , although if you HAVE played CT , I 'll have to say this
 this game is one of the fewest that can make me drop my chin . every moment of this game made me in awe . I marveled at the story , the characters , the battle system , the first was great , this may just be even better.RPG Fans , buckle up !
 I was n't sure what to make of this game when I first bought it . I started playing it and it seemed so strange . It had a different system for nearly everything I was used to in an RPG . But I 'm glad I stuck with it.Once you get through the beginning of the game , it quickly becomes a fun , interesting one . The music is memorable , and the -LRB- many -RRB- characters as well , especially since you often are given choices which effect which characters will join your group , and which you 'll have to replay the game to use . This all increases the game 's replay value , making each play through different from the one before it . The story is great , and the actual gameplay is incredibly fun.You should definitely play this game . I still love it , in all its PSX glory .
 easily one of the best games for ps1 you will ever find , a must have for the real gamer 's out there , enjoy
 This is an amazing RPG . I first played Chrono Trigger -LRB- on an emulator -RRB- when I was 19 , and it absolutely hooked me . After hearing the closing credits theme from Chrono Cross , I knew I had to buy it.The game is wonderful , it really is . Graphics are great , sound is just this side of perfect -LRB- a few of the songs get a little repetative , but they 're still awesome -RRB- , and replay value is very high.The main problem
 The reason why I gave it 4 star is cuz the main character Serge is ugly , Crono in Chrono Trigger is better looking than him , anyways , the girls are cute so it 's alright , the storyline have alot of ideas stolen from other RPG games , some ideas are from FF7 , if you think for a moment you will know what I 'm talking about .
 I 've played Chrono Trigger and finished every one of its endings . There were a great many playable characters , each with their own unique magical abilities , traits , and attitudes . Chrono Trigger , the prequel to the up-and-coming Chrono Cross , was an amazingly fun game with countless endings and forks in the plot . Chrono Cross is only supposed to improve on CT from what I 've read and heard about , so keep your eyes peeled for this gem !
 Although the first game Chrono Trigger is about four years old , I still find it to be my favourite R.P.G of all time . My main reasons why Chrono Trigger was such a good game was because of it 's excellent music , great story line as well as fun factor . I bet that Chrono Cross will live up to the high standard of it 's predecessor . If so it would surely be a must buy for any R.P.G fan .
 A must own for every Rpg fan and non-rpg fan . The best game ever made ! more then 100 hours of gameplay and more then 42 playable characters !
 i only played chrono trigger a while ago and i think its the best game ever ! but then i played chrono cross and its even better ! its got better graphics and everything but the thing that sets the chrono series apart from other rpgs is it 's just amazingly fun ! -LRB- other rpgs are extremely fun as well but not as fun -RRB-
 This game gives you everything . It really makes you think which is better Chrono Trigger or Chrono Cross . If you played and liked Chrono Trigger then you have to get Chrono Cross .
 This is the best game in the world , probably the universe period . FF7 Was a wonderful game but still a slight disappointment . And ff8 was down right patheic , I hated it . But after playing the Japan version of Chrono Cross , reminded me of Chrono Trigger . It was great , the fights are better than any ff game , buy this right when it comes out I know I will !
 This is one of the best rpgs for PS1 . Its in many respects similar to the FF series . You control a group of up to 3 characters at a time -LRB- out of a total pool of about 50 - if you can make them join you -RRB- to save the world from total destruction . Without giving away any piece of the story line this can be considered to be the sequil to Chrono Trigger from SNES . Chrono Cross utilizes the Active Time Battle system like most rpgs . There are also summons , however , unlike in most FF games they are not limited to certain characters . The graffics are half way decent for PS1 standards which means they are bad with todays standards . The FMVs are still watchable thoughbottom line , if you still have a PS1 or feel like playing some ` retro rpg ' games pick this one up and you wont be disappointed
 This game is a must for any game collector ... Buy IT.The game starts off a little slow , however it builds ... and the game is huge ! The worlds are free roaming and very complete . some of the graphics are on par with 2003 graphics ... nice full fight scenes . For its time it must have been one of the best ! By todays standards it very playable and worth the time invested . This game was for the PS1 . I tried it on one of my PSOne consoles and the load times were a little much ... but playing it on the PS2 helps with this a great deal.I have not gotten to the second disk yet ... so I do not know if I will suffer the fate some of the people , where the second disk of the amazon collectors version does not work ... in either case I hear that they will replace it at no cost ... so I 'll deal with it if it comes to that.Will update this post if it does ...
 This is quite possibly one of the greatest games I have ever played . After 7 years of having this game I still have not found the courage to sell it . One of the most entertaining features of the game is the graphics . Visually for a game made so many years ago on the 1st gen Playstation console it is absolutely stunning . I ca n't even begin to express how amazing the cut scenes are . They could even be compared to the FMVs of today 's systems , well maybe the 2nd gens.One of the downfalls this game had was the very tricky plot . After a while it completely lost me but it did n't take long to get me right back on track.The many characters to choose from in this game was bashed by critics but I actually thought it was an amazing part of the game . It gave you a chance to play the game dozens of times and always have a new story to follow . I 've beaten the game many times and there is always something new to discover . You can get a new perspective of the game form over 15 different and unique characters.I have to say the best part of the game has to be the music . Wow how amazing the sound is in this game , spectacular to say the least . Yasunori Mitsuda the great compser never ceases to amaze and astonish us all with his talent . This game has over I believe 70 different sounds and each is a great listen . The opeing theme song `` Scars of Time '' will compeletly suck you in . I think I 've listend to it well over 1000 times ... . in the last week . . Pathtic I know but trust me this song and the entire games music is compelling.With a perfect 10 rating from gamespot you know you are getting your moneys worth . Buy this game and you will NOT regert it .
 For a PS 1 game the graphics are outstanding and there 's a pretty good challenge to the game .
 Chrono Cross is a must play ps1 RPG with a great storyline and gameplay . The only bad thing I could say about this game is that it 's relatively short for a standard RPG , but it is still worth the experience even if it was but a short one .
 good game and entretaining . had been looking for it for a log time .
 This is by far the best RPG I have ever played . Even though the graphics are outdated , the story , music and just about everything about it is awsome . This game was populare about the same time as Final Fantasy IV . All of my friend were like '' quit playing that piece of crap and play a real RPG '' But I never stopped hating it . YOu can recruit a ton of carachters to fight for you . The battle system is old -LRB- because it is an old game -RRB- but it is still an awsome game . Sadly someone stole my copy of the game and i have n't been able to get another one since . If you are into old games get this , it is well worth it .
 When this game first came out i bought it.I was very into the game.Back then thats when there was just a ps1.But i never finished the game.My original game was all scratched up so i bought a new one.Now having just a ps2.I got the game but my ps2 seems not to read the disc.I dont know why.Does it only work for people who still have their ps1?I thought ps2 's were suppose to read ps1 games as well?The thing is also.My brother bought the game too and it still didnt read it in my ps2.So any help would be appreciated , cause i want to play this again!Thanks !
 I first played this game when I was 9 . I liked it , but it was too confusing for my little-kid brain , and was confined to the closet , unfinished and unappreciated . Years later , I found a strategy guide for it in a store . Excited , I bought the guide , raided the closet , and booted up the game once more.Several late nights , several very early mornings , several well-spent afternoons , and several dozen hours later , I wanted to send the store owner flowers , a bottle of wine , and an all-expenses-paid trip to Hawaii , because I loved the game to death . A few months later , I actually played it through a second time , because it was just so wonderful.Yes , the graphics are below-par by today 's standards , but the bright colors and lovely painted look can be seen as plain as day . It looks amazing . Watch , especially , for the breathtaking cinematics scenes . They are n't terribly frequent , but their detail is astounding.Even if the graphics were a drab , blurred mess , it would not matter , because this is the best game music you 're going to hear . Ever . From the first village 's tropical , happy-go-lucky soundtrack to the swelling , emotional score of the final scenes , the soundtrack will have you revisiting cleared areas just to have a listen . It is truly awe-inspiring . The story is hard to describe , as it 's kind of confusing . There 's some stuff about the space-time continuum , political conflict involving an evil cat-person , and then at the end there 's a lot of pontificating about free will , and some stuff about Dinopolis and Reptillites . However , you 'll always understand enough to know why you 're doing what you 're doing , and if you concentrate hard , it makes sense , and has an epic tone that makes you feel like the fate of the world is really in your hands . The overall story arc is n't all there is , either . What intrigues you is the smaller stories that weave into it . Rather than focusing on the main plot , I found myself drawn into things like Lady Riddel 's tragic , dimension-spanning love , or the strange contradiction of the Dead Sea . And even though you may be confused at times , the story is told in a beautiful way.Besides , even if it may be a bit vague , the story gives you excuses to do amazing things . Fighting the ancient elemental dragons , exploring a once-great city frozen in time , and escaping from a cliffside mansion on dragon-back is all part of the picture . The abundance of jaw-dropping moments is great.Of course , combat must eventually come into an RPG , and this is a great combat system . Although it is done in the traditional , turn-based system , it 's still incredibly fun . There are dozens of `` elements '' -LRB- special attacks -RRB- to collect , and trying them out is a blast . Each one has great animations to accompany it , too . In addition , all the characters have their own unique `` tech skills '' . It 's worth using every character in battle , just to see their techs.Speaking of the characters , there are tons of them . Getting them all to join your party is one of the highlights of the game . You never know when you 'll find a new potential recruit . Living voodoo dolls , monster-taming bunny girls , and harlequins with French accents are all possible party members.So , in sum , this game is new , original , and like nothing you 've ever played before . With a complex , amazing story , gorgeous environments , and gameplay that constantly excites and astounds , not to mention a soundtrack that turned already-emotional moments into tissue-box affairs , this is a contender for the greatest RPG ever . Buy it .
 This game is almost perfect ! it definetly has the quality of a FF game only even better than certain FF 's in my opinion . An Rpg with a great storyline and overall gameplay !! It leaves you wanting more . as soon as i had finished it i played it right away because it was just to good !
 I think the notion of dimensions is different yet awesome to think about . This game , instead of working through Time Travel , works across Parallel Worlds . This kind of setting is kinda weird to grasp at first , at least in my mind , but when you play the game the 2nd time through you 'll understand it a lot better . But this game , man this game is really great . The story is just as entertaining , the characters are just as cool , and Chrono Trigger veterans will light up multiple times going `` ooh !! That was in Chrono Trigger ! '' . The main magic system in this game is called the Element system . You get element slots per character and you equip one in each slot . Each element can be used once per battle , so there is no MP . You charge up stronger elements by performing physical attacks . I have never played Xenogears , but the battle system is similar in that you get 7 stamina points per person , and each time you perform an attack , you lose 1 , 2 , or 3 points . Using an element docks 7 points , sometimes putting you under . If you have 1 stamina point you can act . Then they refill depending on the characters ' endurance stat I believe . It sounds complex but it makes for some interesting battles and new strategies.There are no random battles , but enemies do spring out here and there . Once you understand the system of the game , the difficulty is n't too hard , but not incredibly easy . I think , however , that having 40 + different playable characters takes away from the game . It offers a lot of side quests , but Square would 've been better having 7 or 8 core characters , each with individual double and triple techs like Chrono Trigger . There are still double and triple techs , but not between each and every character . Each character does , however , have 3 individual single techs , so that makes for plenty of skills plus all the different elements . Oh , and fear not , there are many multiple endings to get in the game , but getting the best is harder than you think.The game is different , but do n't let that scare you away . It 's still worth it . Oh , and turn the stereo up . The music is wonderful in this game . I actually imported the soundtrack from Japan because it is that good - especially if you have a good stereo system.Still wondering whether to buy it ? Why not ? It 's a great game worth it even if you have never played CT -LRB- but playing CT does help -RRB- . My friend & I once had a 5 hour debate trying to tie both games together -LRB- it 's harder than you think -RRB- . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Right now it 's the only sequel to the original Chrono Trigger , and an indirect sequel at that , but it 's a great game , with a good storyline , cool characters , and a really interesting battle/strategy system . Its only fault that I can find is that it does not take advantage of one of the neatest parts of Chrono Trigger , the double and triple techniques . They exist , but not for every two characters , and there are only a few triple techs in the entire game . Still , the addition of the old SquareSoft standby , Espers/Summons , makes up for the lack of doubles and triples somewhat . One thing that most RPG fans will love is that much like Chrono Trigger , this game does continue the tradition of the New Game + , and even adds in a new Continue + feature . Oh ... and did I mention that there are forty -LRB- 40 -RRB- total characters in the game . . ?
 This is one of my favorite RPGs , and although Final Fantasy VIII is my favorite , it does n't come close to this game . For those of you thinking about buying PS2 games , they just do n't compare in story or gameplay , although the graphics may be slightly better . Basically , you are looking at a game that excels in every aspect . The story is great , even though it may lose you at parts , the graphics are good for PS2 , the music fits the game well , the battle system is unique , and does n't use annoying random battles . This game may not be like Chrono Trigger , but it 's still a great game . You 've probably heard it called overrated , but if you have n't played Chrono Cross , give it a chance , it 's definitely one of the best games ever made .
 This game is one of my all-time fav games . I like this much better than CT -LRB- Chrono Trigger thegame made before this -RRB- . My favorite part whitch seems like is everyone least favorite is th 40 + characters whitch all have there own special techniques . I luv the battle system whitch is similar to Xenogears and Xenosaga allows you to avoid any battle but bosses.I must be opposite of everybody because my least favorite part of the game is the twisted and highly complicated story.There are some times when something happens that I dont know why it happened or what triggered it.My favorite caharacters1.Glenn -LRB- like Frog in CT -RRB- 2 . Karsh3.Serge -LRB- main character -RRB- My least favorite characters1.Pierre -LRB- never get this guy in your party hes incredibly weak and whines -RRB- 2 . Sprigg -LRB- she has no story shes just there -RRB- 3 . Zoah and Greco -LRB- I dont like the wrestler type guys -RRB- I love this game and is one of my favorite games ever made for any console .
 I must admit after the tenth time I beat Chrono Trigger I had figured no game could ever follow it and be sucessful . When I first saw this game coming out I was extremely skeptical , unsure if Square could keep up with the legacy it had produced in Chrono Trigger . However , this game far exceeded any expectaitons I ever had.For those of you who are considering buying this game and have not played Chrono Trigger , stop reading my review and go buy it , please . I find many people complain about Chrono Cross because they have no idea what 's going on . That 's what we call a sequel , dummy :p . Anyhow , the game itself is very much like Chrono Trigger in some ways . In other ways , such as the battle system , it is not . If I had to classify it , I would say the system is a mix between the FFVII `` Materia '' system and the system used in Xenogears . The characters all look very good , it appears Square learned their rendering lessons in FFVIII . The FMVs are all good but nothing overly spctacular.In short , the game strays far off the beaten path of the traditional RPG , but it is a real blessing for Chrono Trigger fans who always had questions at the end . I ca n't really express how much I love this game in words so I think it 's better if you simply buy it and see .
 Chrono Cross is easily the best playstation game I have ever played . You start as Serge , a 17year-old teenanger -LRB- boy -RRB- who holds a weird weapon called the Sea Swallow.After going to get some Komodo scales for his girlfriend -LRB- Leena -RRB- , Serge gets caught in a time portal and gets teleported to another world , as a ghost . From there you meet a lot of new people such as the rock star Nikki , cute monster Pip , the pirate Fargo , Kid the thief -LRB- girl next to Serge in the cover -RRB- , the evil Lynx and much more . There are ablut 45 characters in all , all with a ` tech ` skill.Tech skills are unique attack that change per character . The really cool thing is that you can combine them to make an even stronger attack.It is kind of hard to master the controls but once you are used to it , it becomes really easy.Also , there are the elements . There are 6 types in all-White , Black , Red , Blue , Green and Yellow . They all have a weakness and strengh.White-Black -LRB- and viss-versa -RRB- Red-Blue -LRB- same here -RRB- Green-Yellow -LRB- here too -RRB- In Chrono Cross there are a lot of branching points . The characters you recieve depend on which point you chose . So you have the power to change your future . Bot even FATE can stop you!Buy A.S.A.P !!!!!!!!!!!
 this game is simply my favorit game ever . the battle sistem is ten times better then all the final fantisy games and the music is awsome . the story is realy good although i usually do n't like multiple endings in games -LRB- hey no game is perfect -RRB- . altogether it 's one of the best games i 've ever played .
 wow , this game was just incredible ! I must say I just adore this game , and I think it 's the best square game so far ! Compared to the final fantasies , I really like the ` chrono ' games a lot better now , now that I go back and replay them . The graphics are superb and have a different style than ff8 and 9 , and the fmvs are overwhelming . The game right off starts with such an interesting plot , it just pulls you in and you never want to stop playing . Wow , everytime I think of the plot , it just breathtaking ! It 's full of twists and turns and has many connections and loopholes everywhere . In fact , I think hearing about the plot from a friend was my motivation to play at first . The battle and fighting system is a really unique touch , and I find the ff ones just horrendously annoying now . No random encounters ! The enemies are just like what they were originally suppose to be like -- you can see them walk around , etc and it 's not until you bump into one that you must battle . I love it this way because it actually gives you a chance to avoid them if you really wanted to , unlike the ` invisible ' ones in the FFs and most other rpgs . While battling , you really have to plan out what you 're going to do , because everything effects everything else -- more stamina , you can attack more , which = high element meter if your attacks succeed , and if you use your elements , your stamina and element meter drop . This is truly an rpg ! There are many unique characters throughout the game , and many ` sidequests ' to get some of them , and each of them have their own little story . There 's so many , it 's physically impossible to obtain them all in one go , so chrono cross also encourages repeated play , and it takes advantage of that too . -LRB- There 's lots of places where you can choose your own path -- usually to recruit another character , such as when sneaking in to viper manor to choose guile , nikki , or pierre , and weither or not to accept kid into your party in the beginning leads to 2 different groups of characters you can further recruit . -RRB- After beating Chrono cross for the first time -LRB- 2 different endings available -- the good ending is simply beautiful -RRB- , you can chose to play again in new game + mode , which means your characters will still have the same status , just lose some items and elements -LRB- which you can get back later if you play to that point -RRB- . And you can get back all the characters you ever had in your party at a certain time too , making it possible to get all the characters in the game , if you keep repeating this process ! Also in new game + , you get a couple special items especially made for the + mode , and now you can reveal up to 9 different and new endings ! Stopping and just beating the final boss at certain points will make certain events happen , triggering some amusing , interesting , and even funny , endings . Play up to 9 times throughly , and you still wo n't get bored of it !
 It 's a great game.Chrono Cross has the best graphics a playstation can handle . It 's a vvvveeeerrrryyyy looooong game and its also fun!It has a very complex story . It 's definitely one of the greatest games ever!It 's frickin ' awesome !
 Crono Cross has it all . the graphics are the best -LRB- they are like twice as good as ps2 graphics -RRB- , the game play is incredibal -LRB- you do get stuck every now and then , but in what rpg do n't you ? -RRB- , there are like seven diferent endings , it tell 's you how long you have been playing , i 've played like 19 hours and i 'm still on the first disc ! you can fight prety-much eny were and fight a LOTTTTTTTTT of diferent bienings ! if you do n't have this game , GET IT !!!!!!!!!
 When I first got this game I was a taken away ... I love the music and the graphics ... I would really recommend this game to anyone that loves meeting lovable characters , and exploring ... I 've won the game about three times now ... and I ca n't wait to play it again !!
 This has to be the best rpg that I have ever played and there have been a lot of rpg 's that I have played starting with the original Final Fantasy on the nes . I loved the fact that you have so many charactors to use at any point in time of the game . I also liked all the different endings and I finished all of them .
 Chrono Cross was released in Japan as the last game of the last century by SQUARE and it is definetely a piece of art that is somehow different from FF series . For those who have played Chrono Tigger would enjoy this game even more since there is a connection between two of them.The battle scene looks remarkably like Final Fantasy , however it uses a totally different system.The game lets you choose from over 40 characters and their levels -LRB- ? -RRB- DO go up regardless of if they have participated in any battles or not . The only negative to it is there are too many characters to choose from and only three characters can attend battles and the main character needs to be included unless ... Overall , this is a game anyone can enjoy , it is similar to FF , contains fancy movies and good story line .
 This game is great . Innovatively different battle system , an engrossing storyline that is tied into Chrono Trigger 's enough that I can consider it a sequel , and an immensely confusing game that has kept me thinking for a great deal of time , but I think I may have some sort of answer . All in all , people out there who mock the storyline obviously do n't understand . The game itself should n't have to tell you word for word how things work , there are countless things which are unexplained in this game but are explainable if you stop and THINK ABOUT IT . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 If you think Chrono Trigger was great 5 years ago , this long-awaited sequel has proved greater beyond imagination . Cross sets out as Serge suddenly transported into an alternate universe where he died 10 years ago . Now , he and Kid and other allies must get to the Frozen Esper to discover the truth ... but others has the eyes for the Esper as well.The graphics and the characters were well-detailed by all standards , and the music is breathtaking -LRB- way to go , Yasunori ! -RRB- . So if you 're a CT junkie a few years ago , you 'll appreciate the big challenge of Chrono Cross -LRB- now joins the PlayStation 's Greatest Hits ! -RRB- . This is , by the fact , the beginning of the new Chrono saga , and it wo n't stop there .
 Fantastic . Awesome game play and customizeable control . Fun . Awesome graphics . Brilliant detail . Numerous characters . Very nice .
 If you liked the Chrono Trigger , you 'll like this game . On the other hand , if you liked Chrono Trigger , do n't expect this game to live up to the standard Chrono Trigger set . The game as a whole falls short of it 's SNES brother , but is still worth a play .
 I love this role-playing game , like I love all other role-playing games . The element and stamina systems are wonderful . I also love the variety of characters and the fact you have to go to two diffrent worlds to get them . The bosses are really awsome , like the six dragon gods . I really enjoy anything that Squaresoft makes and this is definantly one of there best games.If you like this you might like Final Fantasy 7 .
 This game is so good , it has n't even been released but people still review it ! MAN ITS THE COOLEST , it is so fun , a must have . The fun factor is out of this world ! i love it ! IT TOOK ME 400 HOURS TO COMPLETE and i used all 42 characters !
 Believe it or not , this is one of the greatest RPGs ever . In this great RPG , -LRB- sequel to Chrono Trigger , another masterpiece , you are Serge , another silent protagonist . The game is certainly long enough , and has great graphics.Sound
 Okay , my friend played this game so I decided to try it out.I bought the game and all I can say is WOW!The graphics are beautiful and I like the poem in the begining.I love the idea of magic points thrown out and using elements by equiping them.There are alot of characters I got ta admit , but its refreshing to have variety.I like the story alot too , I have n't finished the game yet though , but I am on disc 2 . So far I love it !
 This is the greatest game of all time I loved it from beginning to end . The storyline was deep and immersive , the characters were well thought out and creative . If you 've played Chrono Trigger and havent yet played this game then you are missing out big time . This is a game to buy right off the bat and indulge in its gloriousness . All role playing fans out there this is a game you do not want to pass up .
 This game is definately worth the $ . The battle system is the best one for any RPG i 've seen yet , which is why I like it so much . The magic is alot like Final Fantasy 7 , theres just no MP , which is really sweet . Also , there are no experience points , you just gain a level after you beat a boss . But the end of the game is terribly disapointing . There are 2 final bosses ... and they are easier than most of the other bosses in the game ... which was REALLY BAD . I did n't feel like I deserved to win the game . But overall ... a good game !
 For me , Chrono Cross is the best game ever ! When I first played this , I was totally blown away by every single aspect of the game . Firstly the graphics , which are the most beautiful ever seen on Playstation . Then the CG movies . Awesome . I know there are some CG 's from Square that are even better but they 're in the top three . Then the music . Absolutely perfect ! I was stunned ! You can also buy an album with all the game music on Amazon ; it might be a bit expensive but believe me
 All I have to say is that this game was so well put together that every one should like it in SOME way . There are TONS of characters -LRB- almost too much -RRB- each with his or her own story . The storyline is so amazing that I ca n't wait to see what happens next . The graphics are so real when they show the seens that I have played the same part of the game so many times I have lost count , just so I can see the amazing graphics of the one part . The battle system is great and I always hate games where there are just random fights . In this game you can see the enemy and you can avoid most of them -LRB- not including the boss fights of course -RRB- . One last thing . The music is so moving that it should n't be on a video game . All in all the best game ever made .
 You start out as Serge , a normal boy living in a regular , peaceful village called Arni . One day your girlfreind , Leena , asks you to gather Komodo Scales down at Lizard Rock for her necklace . You meet her at Opassa Beach to the south . After a brief conversation , Serge is swept out to sea by a humongous Tidal wave . When Serge awakens , he finds himself in a world where he has been dead for ten years , and no one recognizes him ! So Serge embarks on a two-disc journey to unite his home world and this new world . Along the way , he will join up with everyone from knights to wizards , androids to pirates , jesters to thieves and everything in between . You will lose your body , receive the blessings of six dragon gods , and even defeat the goddess of FATE , the one who decides the events of every persons life . Eventually , at the end of the game , you will fight the ultimate creation , TimeDevourer , the body of the six dragon gods united . When you defeat him and rescue the young scientist Lucca , the time devourer will never have come into existence , and the two worlds will be brought back into one.Each character has a designated weapon type , and can be upgraded through forging and gaining strength through experience . You will find elements scattered , magical items that can be used once per battle to attack your enemies or heal your allies , but these are only available if you power your character up to the required level by landing physical attacks with your weapon . Physical attacks ' strength and intensity can be chosen by the player , depending on how much stamina the character has remaining . You must have at least one stamina point to cast an element or use an attack . Elements take away 7 stamina points . Fierce attacks take away 3 , strong 2 , and weak 1 . On the field maps , out of battle , you can run or walk . You do not get randomly attacked like in the Final Fantasy series , but you 'll be able to see what enemies you will be fighting , and will only fight them if you happen to come into contact with them , voluntary or not.You can only save at designated points , as in most RPG 's . They are called Records Of Fate , and according to the villagers , they serve as your memory and a book that recalls all the events in one 's life.If you want more , which you will when you finish the game , there is always the New Game + option . You will start the game with the items and character stats you ended the last game with . You probably wont go through the frustrations you went through the first time around . There is the option of taking the other roads from the ones you previously took , getting different stuff , doing sidequests and everything else . There is even a boss fight against Slash , Flea , and Ozzie from Chrono Trigger that wasnt available in the first time you played the game.Sound like a cool game ? It 'd better . You got ta get this game if you have PlayStation , or know someone that does .
 I 've played an endless number of games , but NEVER have I seen anything like Chrono Cross ! An excellent sequel to single-handedly the best game on SNES . -LRB- Chrono Trigger -RRB- The graphics , stunning , the music , amazing , the story , perfect ! The trailer is simply breathtaking ! I was begging my parents for this game for Christmas since June ! When I started playing it , I could n't believe my eyes or ears , there was just more and more to it ! Over 40 many memorable characters as well ! How could this game be under five stars ? One Word
 The best word I can use to describe this game is `` organic . '' From characters and plot-lines to combat and spells , the whole thing feels like you 're making it up as you go along . I 've played with and without the tip-book and in both cases you really feel like you 're a part of the story . The spells are gorgeous , the scenery is lush and interesting.The only problem , and it 's hardly a problem , is the depth of your fighting party . I simply did not have time to test out and perfect every character , even after playing through the game three times . I love the little turnip , though , he 's brutal if you let him be .
 This is the best game i have ever played . Better than FF7 ! i could play it again and again ! the characters r beautiful and intersting ! buy this game u will love it !
 Chrono Cross . The name has much history to live up to . Chrono Trigger easily competes for the title of the best SNES RPG ever . Chrono Cross comes at about the same cycle in the PS history . At first , all the new ideas scared me , as a vetran of CT. . But once I started really playing I realized the joy of the new battle system and characters . All the tidbits throw in for old CT players are great . Listen , all that really matters is that the gameplay is top notch . Balancend and easy to get into , it works perfectly and sets a new standard for RPGs . Do n't get me wrong , I like FF 's formula just fine , but all the random battles do get tiring and it would be great to see more games , instead of just copying FF 's tried and true mechanics , innovate and create masterpieces like this .
 This was the first true Role Playing Game sequel I have ever played . Sure I have played Final Fantasy 8 , Final Fantasy 9 ect . but this was the first game that has something to do with the previous game . Do n't worry about the cut scenes , you dont need them . What is in the game is a realistic battle system where you see the enemy , combo techniques and strategy . I ca n't tell you how many times I died in this game . I am 22 and have been playing RPGs since I was 8 and for me to die in a RPG of this age says a lot about the game . Even when I do n't consider the excellent graphics , great game play , and good storyline this game still deserves a five simply on the ending alone . I do n't want to give away anything but it has to be the most unique boss fight I have had since fighting Kefka in Final Fantasy 3 . It alone is worth buying the game . Plus if you go through the game again there are over 9 more different ending . How is that for replay ? Parents who are tired of their kids playing violent games with no value need to pick up a copy of Chrono Cross .
 I love this game . It has an cool , twisty plot and it has awesome graphics . I mean really the people look like PEOPLE !! You get to know the characters , they 're 3D , and you feel what 's going on . But you do n't know what 's gon na happen next . It 's cool !! I HIGHLY recommend it . If you do n't like it I 'll put you in psyciatic evaluation ! ;-RRB- TTFN . ; D
 I got this game for x-mas , and it is great ! I have n't beat it yet , but it is quite possibly one of my favorite games ! It easily competes with Final Fantasy .
 Once I saw the preview of this game on the bonus disk of Vagrant Story , a preview that consisted of the opening movie , I knew it was a must have . I 've never , in my numerous years of gaming , heard such a moving song in a video game . The movie itself showed the quality graphics but it 's the music that caught me . But a game is not movie and music alone , right ? As expected of RPGs there are many twists and turns in the plot but more than a few of them -LRB- one large one in particular -RRB- made my jaw drop . Good stuff , that . The magic system is simple to grasp but -LRB- if you 're a sucker for pain -RRB- can be easily made into a Herculean trial , what with the variety that is available . There are many endings possible , so replay-ability is a ten . As usual , Squaresoft shows that it 's the best at what is does .
 This is the first Playstation game I bought and the first one I played . I played Chrono Trigger on the Super Nintendo , and I 'm a big fan of Square RPG 's in general . I was blown away by Chrono Cross . It is absolutely beautiful
 This was definatly a good game . Those of you -LRB- like myself -RRB- who played ff8 , and were dissapointed will probably like this game the most . The battle and experience systems are VERY unique , but not extremely complicated like in ff8 . The gameplay and graphics are fantastic . There are so many characeters , that by the time I had finished the game , I had n't used half of them . The soundtrack is pretty good too . The single drawback to this game is that the plot is VERY confusing . In fact , even after beating the game , i still had tons of unanswered questions -LRB- Maybe its just me though -RRB- . I still think this is probably one of the best RPGs I have played on playstation , and hope there are more of its kind on ps2 . Also , even if you do n't like cheating , you may want to think about buying the Stratagy Guide Book . Within the couple of hours of gameplay , I realized that I had mist several things , that would have probably made the game more enjoyable .
 this is an amazing , fun game ! even if you do n't like RPG 's you might like this one . i loved
 As a ChronoTrigger fan , I waited for YEARS on the arrival of its sequel . When I recieved the game -LRB- heh , along with the soundtrack and clock -RRB- I immediately rushed home to play what I had waited on for so long . The moment the opening movie played , I was captivated . The music , the poetry and the stunning FMV sequence grabbed me and sucked me into the world of ChronoCross . The gameplay , graphics , story and battles all contribute to the awesomeness -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- . This game definately lives up to its predecessor and brings back all of the great things that made ChronoTrigger -LRB- including the always-fun New Game + option . -RRB- ChronoCross is noticeably a Squaresoft game . I recommend this game to first time RPers , ChronoTrigger fans and anybody who enjoys a nice , loooooooong video game . I also recommend you purchase the player 's guide -LRB- yes , you 'll need it -RRB- . All in all ChronoCross is worth the hype and the wait .
 Okay , there are mainly 4 things that make up a game , graphics , story , music and replay . While most games only have 1 or two of these , this is a game that excells in all 4 . First is the graphics . The graphics are some of the best i have ever seen . Most of the time Squaresoft games ' graphics are awesome , but there is only 1 thing in most SS games i have found bad about the graphics , the character detail . But in Chrono Cross , the characters are beautifully drawn . Second is music , and i only have 1 thing to say , awesome music ! Third is story , and this is a squaresoft game , so of course it is going to have a good story , but the story in CC is awesome , it draws you right in in the first ... 5 minutes of play . Then at about 2 hours the story gets about twice as good . Last is replay value , and this game has about 10 endings , so of course your going to want to play it again . All in all this is probably one of the best games I have ever played . If u like RPG 's , just buy the game , you will love it . If you dont like RPG 's , at least rent it , because believe me , you will like this game .
 This is the best game I have ever played , it is as simple as that . Graphics-10-take a look at the character models on the status screen . Sound-10 , it 's from square , isnt it ? Gameplay-10 , gosh , this is the best fighting battle system in any RPG ever ! Replay Value-10 , 44 CHARACTERS ! Yep , and it 's pretty hard to get every one of them your first , seond , or maybe even third time around . Satisfaction-5000 , I love this game . I had it for 2 days and I had already played it for 30 hours . ... in conclusion , buy this now . ...
 Chrono Cross delevers a new versions for sequels . You need not be familiar with Chrono Trigger , but this is my favorite aspect of the game . A veteran player will recognize names , places , and other characters from the previous game . Although the names are the same , they are matched differently . One must keep a keen eye for these changes . Otherwise this game completely fulfills a true RPG 's addiction for games . It may seem rather elementary at first , but plot twists and foreshadowing highlight some of the best parts . Consider it a must
 the graphics are awesome the characters are great and the battle system is the best ive seen if you liked chrono trigger youll love this one
 I played FF8 and japanese version of Chrono cross and wow ! FF8 was ... good . But this game got it all , the graphic , the story line kicks , and so much options . My parents had major problems with this game since my grade average went down 1 whole grade thanks to this game . Ca n't wait for this U.S. version .
 The game Chrono Cross is an awesome sequil to the original game , Chrono Trigger . Chrono Cross introduces new characters , as well as some of the originals , like Lucca . This game has great graphics , story line , and multiple endings . Once you beat it you can replay the game with some of your weapons from the previuos quest . The second time you play it some of the story will change , so buy it and enjoy !
 I just bought this game yesterday , and i like the battle system better in Chrono Cross than say in Final Fantasy VIII or Legend of Dragoon . The cinemas are very nice , and the graphics are crisp . So far , the story line lacks the awesomeness of some others , but reading reviews from various magazines and sites , it slowly picks up and ends up okay . But having the 40 different characters does confuse things a bit , and makes it hard to focus on characters . But the multiple endings act like the ones in Star ocean , which makes you come back after you beat it , and do something different . The soundtrack is awesome , but the story line is n't that great .
 okay , let me sum this up , this is one of the most interactive , amusing , colorful , amazing , interesting games in the universe . with a cast of over 40 playable characters , 3 different endings , incredible story and cinemas , wonderfullycomposed music , and huge replayability , what could go wrong ? i just bought the game today and i was shocked at how smooth the graphics are . i know that in other square games , the graphics are kinda texture heavy and grainy -LRB- ffviii -RRB- , this one is surprisingly smooth . 2000 is the year for square
 I do n't know how they do it , but Squaresoft makes the best RPGs around . They are amazing . From Final Fantasy on down , they just have this WAY.THE TIGHTEST GAME EVER . Nuff said .
 Chrono Cross is a long anticapted sequel to Chrono Trigger . This game blows all others out of the water -LRB- Yes , even the popular Final Fantasy series -RRB- . It has the best graphics you 'll find for playstation -LRB- cinema scenes are close to in game graphics ! -RRB- . The story line is superb ! Your Serge a boy from Arni village . Then one day something strange happens and you head back to your town and everyone says you died not to long ago.What could be happening ? Though it does deal with stuff that haapened in Chrono Trigger . You do n't halve to worry if you did n't play the prequel because everything is explained in the game -LRB- I did n't play Chrono Trigger , It came out almost 20 years ago , I 'm only 13 ! -RRB- The battle system is way better than any other RPG . If you chose to attack you can either chose a weak nomal or strong attack.You gain magic levels for attacking and can then use elements to attack your foe ! -LRB- You can only use an element once per battle -RRB- The battles can be easy but all are fun ! The are 45 allies in the game inculding former enemies , Aliens , and small Dragons -LRB- one charcter switches bodies -RRB- There are multiple endings and I have seen 3 so far , and there 's more than one way to beat the game so use new game plus each time u beat the game to find out all the secrets !!!!!!!!!
 In a single word ... AMAZING . There is so much going on in this game you just ca n't help but get lost in it 's beauty . I 've heard people say it 's intro is better than ff8 . Personaly I think they 're wrong , but that does n't mean it is n't good ... just different . Any how , about the game
 In a single word ... AMAZING . There is so much going on in this game you just ca n't help but get lost in it 's beauty . I 've heard people say it 's intro is better than ff8 . Personaly I think they 're wrong , but that does n't mean it is n't good ... just different . Any how , about the game
 + Perhaps the best soundtrack for any game ever -LRB- and the graphics are n't to shabby either -RRB- . + A lot has been made of the new battle system , but I love it . No experience points , no magic points , who cares ?? This battle system takes a lot more stragtey than any other I 've ever seen . + Does n't pull a Final Fantasy and is actually a SEQUEL to Crono Trigger , but not so much that those unfamiliar with the SNES game will feel left out . + Great replay value . Play it over and you will take a completely different path with amny different characters.-While plot works wonderfuly as a psuedo-sequel and has many interesting points , it also gets very , very confusing in places and tehrefore is not as engrossing and enjoyable as Crono Trigger . - Do we really need 40 characters ? Some are essential to the plot -LRB- Kid , Karsh -RRB- and some are cute/funny enough to keep -LRB- Mojo , Pip -RRB- but others are weak , boring , join your party for no reason , and just waste space -LRB- Janice , Sneff , Spring -RRB- This could have been the best game ever if they took time out of making so many damn characters and concentrated on fixing some of the wholes in the story .
 Yes , FF7 & FF8 were great and all , but they both lacked in one category of either graphics or storyline -LRB- order kept respectively -RRB- Basically this resulted in an RPG drout for about three years , but Chrono Cross ended this . This game flat out ROCKS !! With over 40 characters , all of which can not be accesed in the same game , you 'll spend a LONG time getting all 40 . The storyline was great , though it did move a bit slow . The FMVs have definite boasting ability , even compared to the realistic FF8 FMVs , and that 's something -LRB- I 'm partial to the joining of the dragons -RRB- . This game definitely promises hours and hours of experience ... This is an extremely well built game , and the story can either clue newbies in to some of what went on during Chrono Trigger , or give Chrono Trigger veterans distinct feelings of dejavu ... I guarantee you 'll have a shakingly shaking good time with this -LRB- another Solt and Peppor -RRB- .
 Well , there is really no way to compare these two great series , but I will try . Chrono Cross
 Chrono Cross is a good game . The Graphics and the story are better than those of the last two Final Fantasies . But , the problem is that there is no challenge . RPG newbies this is a game for you . You ca n't lose this game . No matter what , your characters will all be the same level and they can take down the boss with the right magic . The endings are great . The graphics are incredible and worthy of the Chrono title , but hte game itself lacks challenge . If you 've played final fantasy anthologies and thought it was too hard , this is the game for you .
 Finally the long awaited sequel to Chrono Trigger , the greatest rpg ever . The grapics are awesome and the music fits well with the story . You play as a boy named Serge , and you begin in a town called Arni . Anyway you get transported to an alternate dimension where years earlier you died . No one believes that you 're Serge . Thats all i 'm going to tell you about the story so that i wo n't ruin it for you . The game also has cutscenes where you will notice things from Chrono Trigger such as the scene with Lucca 's lab being burned down -LRB- Lucca 's lab was n't burned down in Chrono Trigger but you got to see her lab -RRB- . Overall i think that the Chrono Cross lives up to the expectations that Chrono Trigger set .
 Chrono Cross has to be the best rpg ever ! The music is the best in any other game i 've seen , there 's over 40 characters you can get on your team , there 's 70 different ways the game ends depending on decisions you make during the game , it 's challenging , addicting , and has a great plot !
 This game , like chrono trigger , is great . The characters are cool , the animation is excellent , the music is wonderful and the alternate endings are very funny but one thing that is n't clear , even to players of Chrono Trigger , which I only played in Japanese , is what is really going on . I was forced to buy a Japanese guide to get any idea of what the ending actually meant . Nowhere in the game is it even hinted that Serge is the villain -LRB- in japanese his name was Mao , I 'm not sure what it was in English -RRB- of the last game who crossed over into his body , hence altering time and creating an alternate world . Nor is it clear that his sisters soul was split with one half being trapped in a monster and the other being reborn as Kid . There was so much plot in the game which the designers had intended but at no time did they ever even try to let the players know about what was going on . All we ever fing out about is that one of the old heroes ran the orphanage were Kid was brough up . Enough ranting . I just loved this series that is why I am dissapointed at it not being quite as perfect as it otherwise could have been . The points above in no way detract from the enjoyment that you will get from playing the game . Buy it . It is truly cool .
 this was pretty much the first roleplaying game i had when i started playing chrono cross not knowing the history before the game until later on . the game itself was difficult to understand at first but gradually became much easier as it was being figured out . overall it was alot of fun to play and still keep the game in my collection .
 To truely understand this game you must have played Chrono trigger , although some of the original character do n't make an appearance until close to the end of the game the over all plot extended what Chrono trigger left off with . The 40 + characters each had their own ideas and some of them are actually funny to beat the game with . Yes when you beat the game there are still 12 other endings to see and the time warp feature you get rocks speeding up time and battles . The coolest character in the game is Serge the silent protaginist as he seems like Crono and Frog -LRB- Glenn -RRB- combined with his weapons and power once you max him out . The true ending rocked even though you just see your team members faces as they talk to you along with ... , ai n't gon na ruin it for ya . Honestly i 'd buy this game . It has two different time lines converged , the time line if Lavos never fell and azala destroyed the humans , and the timeline after Lavos 's defeat by our favorite 7 characters . This game is a 10
 I bought this game for my cousins , and since it arrive they have n't stop playing the game . They love it !!
 Lives up to the reputation of the original . Great RPG .
 I love Chrono Cross . Okay ? Got that ? I love this game . I have n't played it since a year ago , but I love this game . It was difficult at times , and it 's very time consuming , and I have never beaten it -LRB- even though it gives you the insentive to play throught it again with your built up characters -RRB- , but I still love this game . The graphics are top-notch for PlayStation games , the characters are colorful and fun to play as , and the battle system is probably only rivaled by Grandia II 's and Final Fantasy X 's . Buy this game . Maybe you will not lose interest like I did .
 I loved Chrono Trigger but hav n't had the time to pick up this game , so i got it from a friend . I was stunned by the opening which had a wonderful tune and awesome CG graphic . Good sign indeed i thought . Well I started and fought my 1st battle , which perhaps , took about 10 mins . Ok , I was pretty confused , but just some straight hitting got me through ! phew . But enough about my journey , lets get to the game.Graphic - like i said the graphic is detailed and amazing . Especially the CGs . Its worth watching every sec . of it . Also the element -LRB- magic -RRB- attacks are animated every well.Sound - Yasuori Mitsuda did it again . He 's amazing musical composing talent did it again ! -LRB- ok i already said that but ... yeah -RRB- If you hav n't heard him from CT then your missing out . Some songs are must downloads!Story and battle - The story of course , being a SQAURE producting , is very intricate and complex . -LRB- confusing too -RRB- It 's tided somewhat to CT and the fate of Schala . The battles are NOT RANDOM yah ! they 're mostly very easy and can run from almost everyone . -LRB- yes even bosses for your less prepared for battle people : -RRB- Anyway , good thing about it you dont really need to level up for 3hrs or so . but you do get higher stats for your in-play characters.Replay Value - definatly ! If you dont know about the NewGame + feature , then I 'll tell . You get all the stats when u beat the boss and carry it to your new game + . haha watch out kamota mom ! ok sorry ... Also you can get new characters by taken diffrent paths to complete a quest . AND get diffrent enddings ! yes theres alot more work to do . phew ... I guess I covered everything , I hope you enjoyed this review ans of course will enjoy the game . Good news
 Whoever did n't like this game was either too young to understand it or too close-minded to give it a chance . It surpasses most if not all other playstation games with the exception of the final fantasy series . It was a success in many aspects . The graphics are the first thing you 'll notice , and they 'll blow you away . The storyline takes a while to sink in but once you understand it , you 'll never want to put it down . This is the kind of game that you have to give a chance first before you actually start to like it . It keeps you guessing , so you have to watch and listen carefully . There may have been a lot of characters , and it might get confusing at times , but that 's what gives the game its great replay value . Because you ca n't get all the characters one time through . You have to play the game several times in order to take advantage of all it has to offer . And you 'll never get bored because there 's always something new or different to keep you interested . The music in this game is the best ever in ANY game . I even have the music downloaded and I burned it onto a disk so I can listen to it whenever I want . The opening theme is awesome . It starts out slow and then it surprises you by jumping into this fast beat tropical music . The composers should be proud to have contributed to this game . All aspects of the game were fully developed and on the whole , very impressive . Chrono Cross is definitely one of the best rpg 's ever made . Trust me , you 'll like it , if not love it .
 I think this is a really cool game !! I bought it for -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- and I 'd like to share my thoughts!Music
 Chrono Cross was the first game we got for our PlayStation . If you are looking for an amazing , thought provoking game , get it . The graphics are astounding and the gameplay is great . The plot is a little confusing at some points , but that makes it a great game because later that part of the plot is explained and you will look back and go `` Wow , I get it now ! '' The only thing I would say is to get a guide for the game . It would be impossible without one.The plot is this : A young man named Serge wakes up one morning from a disturbing dream . His girlfriend demands he make her a necklace , and he obediently goes , only to be sucked into a parallel universe where he drowned ten years ago ! Was it coincidence , or is there some greater evil behind his universal travel?Buy the game and find out !!! You wo n't be disappointed !!!
 This is one of the best RPG -LRB- role playing game -RRB- ever ! It has the greatest and realistic graphics ever . With heart pounding , game playing action that makes you want to keep on playing just to find out what happens next . With awesome and freaky characters to play with . Battles and attacks that will amaze you .
 Chrono Cross is a game that you 'll either love or hate . Your opinion is based largely on whether you view the game as the sequel to Chrono Trigger , which is a somewhat controversial issue as the game description states that it is while a game producer , during an interview , said that it 's not.One aspect of the game many find repulsive is that there are 40 + characters , resulting in shallow storylines and 9 or 10 lines on average per character throughout the game . The flip side is that you get to experiment and combine very different characters to form a team that you want . If you enjoyed the intimate friendly party in CT , you 'll find that lost in CC.In terms of storyline , CC does a good job of creating a story that is complex but makes sense at the same time . However , as mentioned above , if you 're hoping for a continuation from Chrono Trigger , you 'll once again be disappointed as none of the characters from CT are playable in CC . In fact , at least one character from CT meets a tragic end , which throws out the happy ending in CT. . In terms of continuation , the plot does follow CT well minus the fact that Schala from CT looks completely different in CC -LRB- No wonder Magus could n't find her ! -RRB- Anyway , Chrono Cross is a great game if you view it alone and avoid comparing it with the classic Chrono Trigger . The storylines take on a more complicated poetic tone and the characters system is largely different . These , however , still work in this new game . I would highly recommend Chrono Cross to those who have not overly idolized Chrono Trigger and were hoping for a Chrono Trigger clone on Playstation.Happy gaming ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I rented this and i it . The gameplay is amazing ! The way battling is amazing ! And if you like Chrono Trigger for the SNES you 'll love this game . There 's no experence points like other RPG 's but it has star levels . -LRB- You get star levels by betting a bose . -RRB- The graphics are amazing.The good part is there is around 40 different characters to join your party through out the game.The story is that Serge -LRB- the main character -RRB- gets suck into a wormwhole while on the beach.The wormwhole lead to a paralel world.In the other Serge died at age 7 . A guy named Lynx -LRB- the main bad guy for part of the game -RRB- sends 3 guys to capture you.The guys are : Solt , Peppor , and Karsh.When they try to capture you a girl named Kid jumps into the screen to stop them.After a bit of talking you fight them.When you beat them they run away then Kid asks to join your team.If you refuse Leena will join your team when go to town . -LRB- Kid will ask to join your team later -RRB- Then you have to sneak into Viper Manor . -LRB- that 's where you find Lynx -RRB- Once you get in after alot of searching around you fight Lynxbut you find out that was just a shadow of him.After that Kid gets piosend by Lynx and you need to find a cure.That 's all I know for now.If you buy the game you can find the rest out on your own.This game is great just buy it OK .
 I 'm not your typical gamer ; RPGs and adventure games often make me nervous and stressed out . In contrast , Chrono Cross was simply an enjoyable , visually pleasing , and addictive game . I enjoyed the battle engine and the turn-based fighting as well as the choice to avoid certain fights . After sucessfully finishing , it was interesting to be able to run -LRB- literally -RRB- through the game again and discover other story lines . Chrono Cross is the type of game I also would n't mind returning to after some time has passed . Although ... I do fear how much time will `` disappear '' when I do .
 It seems like many people loved Chrono Cross . I must be in the minority when I say that this game is n't nearly as good as Chrono Trigger . In any case , CC was still a well-made game , but it does n't have the staying power than CT had , and still has.CC is , simply put , a beautiful game . The graphical and artistic craftsmanship is incredible , and the music is some of Square 's best . The diversity of places you visit is incredible . However , the story was somewhat lacking , and the gameplay , while novel , ultimately is worse than that used in CT. . And , perhaps the most obvious flaw as a successor to CT was the character design.The story was incredible halfway through the game - I really wanted to know how everything would end up . But what happened at the end was terrible , because everything before it was so good . In addition , the characters from CT were n't really tied into the story - only Lucca had a significant role , and even her role was not used as well as it could have been . And , if you played CT , you know that Magus goes looking for his sister - well , they do n't talk about that at all in the game ! That was by far the most disappointing part of CC.The character design also suffered greatly . Some people felt that 40 characters was a great idea , but I felt it was superficial . True , they all have unique graphical designs , and each one has his or her own miniquest , but almost all of them give nothing to the story or the world of CC . The story centers around Serge and Kid , which is a good thing , so it may have been wise to eliminate maybe 30 of the 40 characters as playable people . It would have been better to focus on a few characters , like in CT , where every character was fully developed and relevant to the story.The gameplay was also new . There are no random battles in this game , although at points you do n't really have a choice to fight - instead of being random , the battles are forced upon you . In any case , there are no levels , and instead you get slightly stronger with each fight . But this system basically degenerates into you getting a lot stronger after beating a boss , and then staying at the same strength after fighting normal people . Many people thought that the three levels of attack -LRB- weak , medium , strong -RRB- and the power bar were novel developments , but they 're not - look at Xenogears -LRB- the same team designed Xenogears and CC -RRB- . The battle system was pulled off better in Xenogears than CC , in my opinion.So most of my review has been a slam of this game . I do n't want to leave you with the impression that this was a bad game - by all means , it was good . I recommend that you buy it , especially if you like RPGs . But do n't necessarily expect this game to have the instant feeling of a classic , much like its predecessor , Chrono Trigger .
 I have to say this is one of the greates RPG games I 've ever played , although sometimes you need to use a guide through the game . But the gameplay , graphics , FMV 's and battle system are great . Although it 's an excellent game , I still think Chrono Trigger is better . I replayed chrono cross twice with the option New Game + and it was n't as good as replaying Chrono Trigger with the same option , I cleaned up my dusty SNES , and I played CT. I also have to say there are some plot holes between CT and CC , I 'm aware of the SatellaView game , `` Radical Dreamers '' , but I still do n't know what happened in that game .
 Before I start this review let me get something out of the way , I hate RPG 's . They all are boring have terrible graphics and all seem the same . I would not have even played Chrono Cross if my brother had not purchased it , and I thought I just would not play it.One day though , I was feeling bord and decided to give it a try . What a great game it was . Chrono Cross is like an rpg packed inside an adventure game -LRB- and when I say that I do not meen an adventture/rpg like Zelda which is not an rpg . -RRB- . Besides the usaul rpg bad graphics -LRB- but good cinemas -RRB- there is nothing unfun about Chrono Cross . RPG haters , give this amazing game a try . You will like it . There is no game like Chrono Cross .
 I 've played Chrono Trigger , also a must get , but I think that this game is as good or better than Chrono Trigger ! The Plot and action are the best I have seen ! The plot is soooooo good ! If I tell one part I 'll tell it all and you want to find that out your self . :-RRB- The battles are easy to navigate . Infact when my 3 freinds started their own games it took them a min . to understand whats going on . If you get one game this year get this one !
 Chrono Cross does everything right . Forget about all the annoying things in other console RPGs , because they simply do n't exist in this masterpiece . Fearing hours and hours of random battles ? Not here , you only fight when you choose to fight as enemies can be seen on screen before you engage in battle . Having trouble with a particular boss ? Run away and think about strategy - running has a 100 % success rate up to and including the final boss . Worried about searching through inventory after battles to heal your party ? Forget about it - you can choose to automatically heal at the end of battles with items and spells that you have in stock.Chrono Cross is truly a gift from the RPG gods , releasing the gamer from the aforementioned shackles that once imprisoned them . The battle system is also particularly sleek and intuitive , allowing you to use any member of your party at any time - as long as your party members have stamina . The graphics are typical SquareSoft , which is to say they are extremely beautiful . The character models in particular are wonderful , and both the pre-rendered and battleground backgrounds are a wonder to behold.All in all there is only two things really wrong with Chrono Cross - it makes other RPGs seem obsolete and the story seems to drag in places . But those are small complaints in such an amazing game . Here 's hoping that SquareSoft continues to follow the amazing precedent they have set with Chrono Cross .
 This game is one of the best games I 've played for N64 , Playstation , or Dreamcast . It is definately the best RPG . If you played and liked Final Fantasy 7 you 'll love Chrono Cross . With over 30 playable characters , you 'll be able to play through the game manuy times and never have the same `` party '' . Only thing I thought was bad was that the bosses were too easy and the game was too short . But , all-in-all BUY THIS GAME !!!!!
 Chrono Cross is , in and of itself , a great game . It has good graphics and astounding music , an intricate and yet easy-to-use battle system , and some ... er ... interesting characters . But as a sequel to Chrono Trigger , quite possibly the best RPG of all time , it comes up short.There are references , but they almost all come late in the game -LRB- though personally I think it is a bit of a reference to have a green-haired man named Glenn -RRB- . There are references to Crono , Lucca , Marle , Robo , Magus , Schala and possibly Frog . However , all of these are minimal and rather pointless , except for Robo and Lucca 's tie to Fate , Lucca 's tie to Kid 's past , and that whole thing with Schala that was mostly unnecessary and rather upsetting for a Chrono Trigger fan such as myself.The biggest reference is the world contained in the Sea of Eden/Dead Sea . If you 've played Chrono Trigger , you will recognize it . It 's a bit of a frightening thought , actually , but if you 're the type who gets into the storylines of video games , it 'll get you thinking.The storyline is complicated and a bit confusing , so it 's a game that you 'll want to play more than once , if only to understand more of the storyline . Instead of travelling through time like Chrono Trigger , you travel between two dimensions that look identical until you enter a specific area . At times , especially when you 're looking to head into the Sea of Eden/Dead Sea or trying to locate the Dragons , it becomes difficult to remember which world is which . I recommend writing down the general atmosphere of all the major places in each world so you can prevent travelling back and forth trying to find some place.Like in Chrono Trigger , there are multiple endings -- but the vast majority of people , including myself , got the no-ending ending the first time , and felt ripped off . When it 's time to fight the final boss , you might want to consider consulting a guide as to how to get a real ending . Of course , there 's always New Game + . The music is one of the best parts . The song at the beginning , Time 's Scar , is breathtaking . Being a violinist I can appreciate the wonderful tonal quality of the violin in that piece . And the ending song , Radical Dreamers , is very beautiful also.Gameplay is easy , though it gets irritating to switch Elements between different characters later on in the game , especially when you 're fighting all the elemental Dragons and have to keep changing your party . And I 'll tell you right now the percentages for hitting are , at least in the beginning , entirely inaccurate . It may say you have a 90 % shot of hitting but you 'll only hit half the time . Fortunately that gets better as the game progresses.Element placement allows for complicated strategy in the more difficult boss battles , but it 's fine to place them without thinking about battles if you are not particularly strategically-minded . One complaint is that it might be TOO easy , but that did n't bother me at all.There are WAY too many characters . There are two entire families you can get to join your party -LRB- though you 'll need New Game + to get all of one of them -RRB- . Fortunately , unlike Chrono Trigger , you can just say no . No , really , you can say no , and most characters will get the message and leave you alone . Most have little or no relevant backstory AND are exceedingly weak so it 's pointless to take them -LRB- * cough * Mojo * cough * -RRB- . Finally , characters you 'd like to ignore that you actually can!The storyline alone , being deep and intricate , was enough to keep me going . I recommend this game highly . Chrono Trigger fans will not find it disappointing if they choose to forget for most of the game that this is supposed to be a sequel . And those who 've never played Chrono Trigger will miss a few interesting points but nothing vital to the storyline . It is interesting , full of odd little twists and turns , and it 's definitely a game you 'll want to play again . If you like RPGs , you should play it !
 Well , PS3 owners , add this title to a seemingly ` SquareSoft only PS1 games that do n't work on your PS3 ' Because this one do n't work , When you get to the Viper Manor that 's when things go downhill , The game freezes when you try to use elements at random at the flying boss , You can get by it by not using elements , but at a certain boss you HAVE to use elements , and it freezes up ... Damn shame , It seem all Squares PS1 games have problems on the PS3 , Sony has let the success of the PS1 and PS2 go to there head , because they have forgotten who has made them what they are today , if it was n't for Squares multiple hit titles on the PS -LRB- FF series , Xenogears , Vagrant Story , Threads of Fate , Ehrgeiz God Bless The Ring , Legend of Mana etc. . . -RRB- The Playstaion brand would not have been as strong as it is . ALL good titles , shame ... Game tested on a 60GB PS3 .
 I have played the Japanese version a little , And even though I did n't understand what they were saying , the game was a blast ! If you liked either Crono Trigger , or Xenogears , You 'll love Crono Cross ! Square Soft dose not disapoint with this sequel , nor is it just the same as the first game , with different maps and better graphics -LRB- but yes , the graphics are spectacular ! -RRB- This game is fresh looking . Square Soft has taken the best parts of all of there previous games and melded them togeather into something unique ! This game is a definite buy !
 ... . Nothing but time to play games and this has been my favorite for over 2 months . The graphics are outstanding . Because it was my first RPG , it took me over 100 hours to finish the game the first time -LRB- even with the BradyGames book ! -RRB- Now I 'm on my fourth time through and get more excited each time . Next time I hope to try to get through the entire game using only non-human characters . For beginners like me , it was possible to play the first time through without having to learn all the intricacies of elements , weapon grades , magic levels , and more . I was able to pick them up slowly and easily whenever I was ready . Much less discouragement that way . As I mastered the new techniques , I was able to explain them to my 5-year-old grandson , who understood them much more quickly than I , but who can not read quite as well . We both love the slow - and fast-motion time controller that becomes available once you finish the game the first time , because it makes the battle & magic graphics that much more spectacular . Another sensational choice you can make is viewing battles in `` normal '' or `` dynamic '' mode . Dynamic lets you get up close and personal with your characters and enemies , seeing facial and body features in incredible detail . Because of Chrono Cross , my grandson and I now own 9 SquareSoft games and we look forward to many more . I highly recommend it to both beginning RPG players and experienced also .
 Chrono Cross is an excellent game set 20 years after the events of Chrono Trigger . Players find themselves emerced in a world of lush brightly coloured hand drawn and pre-rendered backrounds . This game features an active battle system with elements for magic attacks and a three level scale of attacks from weak to strong . Every time you attack you get to chose level one two or three and the higher the level the stronger the hit and the less likely you are to suscceed . As far as the story Chrono Cross starts off in the Dragonian Fort at Mt. Pyre . Serge the main character has a premonition of killing his friend Kid . He then finda himself in his hometown . After completing an arrand for a friend of his he mysteriously vanishes and appears in an alternate world much like his except that he died 10 years ago at the tender age of 7 by drowning at sea . At first he tries to find out what happened , ... . Overall it 's one of the best games I 've played in years it . It lives up to Chrono Trigger .
 SquareSoft makes two types of games . The very bad and the very good . Usually there is little gray area . Well this game is in the gray area . A nice idea and a good game . It does n't quite do it 's predecessor justice but it holds it 's own . The music is captivating to say the least . The opening song will reel you into the game with it 's almost sad yet happy sound . The magic system works like materia but on different levels . You equip it like materia however in battle you have to build up the ability to cast that spell , and after that you ca n't use it anymore until the next battle . It is a very interesting idea that is executed well . The battle system could be better though . I am not , nor have I ever been a fan of turn-based battles where you choose everyone 's action then watch the battle round unfold . There is no strategy in it and it can quickly aggravate you because you ca n't heal that turn and that can end up killing the character in the end because you ca n't heal immediately . The battles also move much too slowly , even for this type of battle system . I got bored playing this game and left it mid-game to collect dust for almost a year when I got the nerve to finally finish it . The story is interesting but executed in a less than great manner . The writing -LRB- what 's woth SquareSoft games and it 's writing -RRB- is not all that good and it can lead to button mashing to get to the more interesting parts . The animations are beautiful , simply beautiful . I found myself going back to past saves just to watch them again . The having to get minerals and items to create weapons and armors is bad too . The only reason why it is bad is because it is almost impossible to find enough of these minerals to keep your party , of 40 people if you want , fully equipped . That and money is n't exactly the easiest thing to come across either . Buy the game if you want to , I wo n't hold it against you . You will either like the game or hate it . Or you may be like me and indifferent to it . This is a very difficult game to get a confident feeling with as to whether you will like it or not , but in light of the failure of Final Fantasy VII it is a welcome breeze on a hot , humid day .
 1
 If you liked Chrono Trigger you will love this game . This is one of the best games I have ever played . It has amazing CG that rivals that of legend of Dragoon -LRB- another good game -RRB- . I would suggest you buy this game the day it comes out in America . This is the greatest game ever !
 If you liked Chrono Trigger you love Chrono Cross this games is a must have if your an RPG fan !!! Basically to cut a long story short this is an RPG at it 's finest !!
 This game contains all of the best elements of an RPG . The graphics are vivid , the music is outstanding , and the story is among the best . It provides around 30 to 40 hours of gameplay which you will absolutely love . You can choose from forty or so party members , each with their own innate abilities and special attacks . The element system is , in my opinion , the best magic system Square has produced . The only problem I had with the game is that it never seems to end when you play it . Several times during the game , I thought I had reached the end of the game , only to find out that I had another obstacle ahead . This did get frustrating , but it never took anything from the gameplay . I would recommend this game to any RPG fan .
 Chrono Cross was a game I saw a friend playing one day . I looked fun so I borrowed it one day , and did n't want to give it back . Finally she bought me a copy of my own for my birthday.It was addictive , and I could n't put it down . All the characters , the always changing and the ability to chose the way the plot goes makes this a superior game.Like anything else getting used to the battle system takes some getting used to , but after a few battles it becomes second nature.Also the great colors , graphics and music make this a game that every gamer has to add to his or her collection.Not wanting to give anything away to those who have n't beat the game just let me say that there are plenty of surprises in for you . Squaresoft has outdone itself , and this is one of the best games I 've played .
 Chrono Cross will not disappoint you . The storyline is a little wacky , but the character 's personalities are fun to watch unfold . The actual change to playstation from SNES has its good and bad sides . First the good
 Chrono Cross has one of the best story lines than anyother RPG video game . This game has the most beautiful music , fantastic CG , and some of the most colorful characters . If you are looking for a game that has a strong storyline , flawless game play , and extra bonuses , this is the game to buy .
 I just got this game on Christmas day 2000 , and THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER CREATED , seriously . You see , I had rented this game before , thinking , `` Hmm , a new Squaresoft game . I guess I 'll check it out . '' But , lo and behold , this was far more than I had expected . -LRB- I had played it 's prequel for about an hour before . -RRB- These are the best visuals you will ever see on Playstation in a lifetime , not to mention the best ever music in any game known to mankind . Later , I played Final Fantasy IX , having my hopes set for the next Final Fantasy VII . To my dismay , the game seemed tragically short for four freakin ' discs . They wasted the space on FMV sequences . Well , I 'm not trying to dis this game . I loved it while it lasted . The game was about 40 hours long . That 's kinda sad , knowing that Final Fantasy VIII was about 80 and FFVII was 75 -LRB- on three discs -RRB- . Ok , enough with Final Fantasy . Chrono Cross is quite possibly the best game you will ever play , besides the betters of Final Fantasy . Not only is it fun , but it is very challenging at some parts . Chrono Trigger fans , you will see and hear reminders of Lucca and Lavos here . You will even be able to go to Lucca 's house . Overall , a very good and memorable experience .
 I love this game . If you liked `` Chrono Trigger '' than you 'll love this game . If not , it 's O.K. . It has it 's own story and has unique gameplay . The graphics are incredible . You are a boy named Serge and you get transferred to another dimension the same as yours ! As Serge you try to find your way back home . It 's two discs and plenty of gameplay . As you progress you collect 45 different characters . If your planning on buying I have one thing to say . GREAT choice !!
 The first thing that astounded me -LRB- after picking my jaw up from the floor -RRB- was the smoothness of the animation . Simply splended ! The battles are similar in style to Xenogears . Having 40 + characters makes the first several times through the game different enough to be enjoyable . I do not like the way magic is set up . Asside from having a set number of spells that you could cast , reequipping spells becomes a lengthy and time consuming process if you dislike the games auto-allocate method . A definite must buy for any RPG fan .
 Wow , Chrono trigger was one of my favorite games for super nintendo right behind final fantasy 6 , and the sequel Is just as good . One of the best rpg 's on the PS , much better then final fantasy 7 and in my opinion a little better then part 8 . Beutiful lush enviroments and very interesting lvl design . I never thought , man I cant wait to get out of this dugeon , because its all so interesting . The characters are kinda of goofy until you get farther in the game but there all interesting and you 'll find it taxing choosing who too battle with . The battles are also interesting and hold your attention with the unique combat system . Just wish there was more of Crono Trigger in it , more time traveling more team up attacks , but over all a exellent RPG , 3 thumbs up : > -RSB-
 This game is its own game , seperate but linked to Chrono Trigger . It is one of the games like CT , Final Fantasy 2 , and Final Fantasy 3 that will have you remembering it fondly for years . Despite all the praise that I can give , it is lacking something unspecific ; and it is definately lacking challenge . Even the hardest `` bosses '' in the game are not difficult if you think about the not so subtle hints they give -LRB- element armor -RRB- . One final note . The second time you play through will be a totally different experience from the first . The game itself does n't change , but your perception of your opponents actions sure will . `` Come to me ... Chrono Trigger ! ''
 You 've heard the praises and hype of probably the RPG of the year.Me?sorry ,5 stars do n't appeal to me , and I can give this lower to 3 stars.The thing is , Chrono Cross is simply , way , dissapointing.The graphics , gameplay , sound , controls , excellent , but what would probably turn this purchase into a bummer is one ; IT 'S TOO SHORT.Believe me , you 'll explore the same island repetitively and there 's nothing like the length of FF6 , FF7 , Chrono Trigger , Suikoden II , and others.Yeah , it takes 40 over hours to beat the game , but it 's simply very little places to explore .40 over characters , heck , that 's a darn good catch , for those who love colllecting stuffs -LRB- like Pokemon or suikoden players -RRB- . The grahics are , as usual , good looking , smooth 3D combat graphics with fierce monsters , the music score is only partially memorable with cool new age stuff and gameplay is chalengging.You 'll spend probably 3 to 5 hours on some hardest bosses in this game.When you beat this game , you can become a powerhouse by the new game mode which you inherit elements and statistics from your past game.Overall , for explorers , you 'll keep this in your attic once you 've beat it.It 's not a bad RPG , just it 's repetitive and brief .
 Finally , a fun game from Squaresoft . Aside from Front Mission 3 the Square games have really left me wanting . Call me spoiled but I have seen all this before but finally they have put the eye candy and gameplay together to make this a decent one . I wonder why people review something they have n't played ? Does n't that defeat the purpose ? Anyway for those that want to buy the game I am still playing it . The plot twists are wonderful and it makes you wonder what would have happened if you had chosen a different line or character . Sigh ... Square continues to find a magic system that works . This one is OK , much better then drawing -LRB- ugh ... boring , FF8 -RRB- . It seems far to complicated to just simply be enjoyed though . You get the hang of it but still it takes a bit . But the story is worth the buy , it plays and flows well although at times I scratch my head and wonder what is going on -LRB- Chrono Trigger was a long time ago ! -RRB- . Although I do n't feel this is the next level of RPGs or ground breaking in anyway it is still a classic and fun to play .
 Chrono Cross is a long anticapted sequel to Chrono Trigger . This game blows all others out of the water -LRB- Yes , even the popular Final Fantasy series -RRB- . It has the best graphics you 'll find for playstation -LRB- cinema scenes are close to in game graphics ! -RRB- . The story line is superb ! Your Serge a boy from Arni village . Then one day something strange happens and you head back to your town and everyone says you died not to long ago.What could be happening ? Though it does deal with stuff that haapened in Chrono Trigger . You do n't halve to worry if you did n't play the prequel because everything is explained in the game -LRB- I did n't play Chrono Trigger , It came out almost 20 years ago , I 'm only 13 ! -RRB- The battle system is way better than any other RPG . If you chose to attack you can either chose a weak nomal or strong attack.You gain magic levels for attacking and can then use elements to attack your foe ! -LRB- You can only use an element once per battle -RRB- The battles can be easy but all are fun ! The are 45 allies in the game inculding former enemies , Aliens , and small Dragons -LRB- one charcter switches bodies -RRB- There are multiple endings and I have seen 3 so far , and there 's more than one way to beat the game so use new game plus each time u beat the game to find out all the secrets !!!!!!!!!
 I have played the Japanese version of this game , and it comes with my personal seal of APPROVAL ! this game does not dissapoint , it is the most beautifully rendered , carefully thought out saga I have ever seen ! you can only imagine the greatness that lies within this game ! ...
 this is a great sequel to chrono trigger some people might not agree like i did at first but i have come to love it.this game jumps into everything fast and for an rpg the talking is really low and has alot to do with the previous game.the game aslo has really good gameplay and is different on your second playthrew your choices effect the story and the paths you take so its always different i highly reccomend this game not only to a chrono trigger fan but a fan of rpgs .
 Incredibly atmospheric with a deep enigmatic cast of charaters , an original battle system , a beautiful musical score , and an interesting and engaging story .
 If you 've ever played the card game UNO then you already have a small insight into the game that is CHRONO CROSS -LRB- CC -RRB- , a pseudo-sequel to the legendary SNES game CHRONO TRIGGER.COMBAT
 I have a collection of older PS one rpg 's and this is one of my favorites . It is really worth the time if you like the older games , which include leveling up and exploring dungeons , etc. . Has a decent storyline and fun characters .
 Even though this is a playstation 1 game , once you get past the graphics it 's still very enjoyable . It plays similar to the Final Fantasy games which is understandable since it 's by the same creator .
 I adore many of the characters , and do feel somehow very connected to this storyline , like there 's just something real about it . I mean there 's a few things that could be improved , but big deal . Its still a great game . We need sequels to this .
 *** Graphics *** Beautifully designed backdrops , interesting character designs , dazzling spell effects , gorgeous FMV sequences -- it 's all here . From the time you watch the introduction FMV , you will be mesmerize and would want to become immersed in the world rich with atmosphere , color , and life.The characters and worlds are in 3D . They animate with such fluidity . Every character has his/her/its own intricate design , features , and styles that they can call his/her/its own . The worlds ' design has its own charm and beauty . The details are rich and each and every area has its own kind of atmosphere . The lighting and special effects for the spells and tech skills as well as locale effects are eye-catching as well . The atmosphere for one world has its own modification for the other world that make it unique as well ; though , it is in fact the same locale . *** Sound *** Beautiful tracks that start at the introduction cutscene . They only get better as the game progresses . Each song creates a certain atmosphere and perfectly suits its respective locale . From grim to dire ; from depressing to mystery . There is a track that represents a series of moods that can trigger the player to feel them as well.The sound effects are implemented very well . The consistency of the ground affects the sound of footsteps . In marshlands or through water , a splashing or sloshing noise is present . The weapons sound effects correspond to the weapon itself and the density and and material it consists of -LRB- a blade sounds like a blade , a club sounds like a club , a punch sounds like a punch ... and so forth -RRB- . To hear the elements is an aural experience as well . *** Gameplay *** The gameplay is fairly simple and the learning curve is probably 30 mins-1 hour . Its standard RPG fare in terms of exploration . There are no random encounters on the field map or in the game . While exploring a location , you can opt to avoid fights with the enemies on the screen if you can avoid them . One unique feature about this particular RPG is that once you encounter a boss , you have the option to run . That does not mean you win by default or anything , just gives you the opportunity to fix up or upgrade your party under the circumstance you having trouble ; thus , allowing you to return to fight him/her/it when you are ready.The battle system is a little different from most RPGs as well . Your character can equip elements with added or decreased stats . As your player physically attacks his/her/its ' opponent -LRB- and the hits connect -RRB- , your player is granted the ability to use elements . Each character has his/her/its unique tech skill that corresponds to their innate color . Unlike a lot of other RPGs , your character is set to be a particular element -LRB- ex
 Awesome game , if you like RPGs . It has very little to do with it 's predecessor , Chrono Trigger , but it 's a great game on it 's own.The graphics are excellent , and even hold up to todays standards . The cutscenes are incredible . And the music is so good you 'll want to download a number of the songs . The story is interesting enough to keep you going through the fantasy world . Character developement is minimal because it 's spread out among dozens and dozens of characters , and therefore focuses on just a few of them . Exploring the world is a lot of fun , there are various colorful & detailed locations with new foes to vanquish , items to find and new characters to recruit to your side.The shortcoming is that the game is focused on combat , which gets very monotonous . The combat system does introduce a new style that is creative with flashy effects -LRB- and takes some getting used to -RRB- , you just go through it so often over the course of the game , it becomes a nuisance . Thankfully you can avoid the encounters most of the time if you 're not in the mood for it . Also , some might find it annoying that the main character does not speak at all - he has no lines of dialog . Another potential hang up for people could be that to advance the plot , you have to figure out puzzles sometimes . These range from barely challenging to `` pull your hair out and scream '' . At least there are walkthroughs available online in case you get stumped as to where to go and what to do.Overall , I had a lot of fun with this game , there are some very memorable scenes and distinctive characters , especially the antagonist -LRB- fancy word for ` bad guy ' -RRB- . The cutscenes are a joy to behold and the music is beautiful and bold . It 's just that whacking enemies with your weapon and casting the same old spells umpteen thousand times gets tiring . Small complaint about an excellent game though , Squaresoft -LRB- now SquareEnix -RRB- lives up to it 's reputation .
 Chrono Cross is a great game , with beautiful visuals and an awesome story . It also have a Very good replay value , because when you beat the game you can start it over with all your items and current status . plus , there are many more secrets unlocked when you beat the game . such as a bonus dungeon and extra bosses .
 My lil Cuz love this game thanks !!! another classic catch the heart of the new generation like it did me.Thanks Again !!!
 I have been severely disappointed with SquareSoft with its sorry collection of recent releases . I 'm not sure if the release of Legend of Mana -LRB- LoM -RRB- and Threads of Fate -LRB- ToF -RRB- makes Chrono Cross -LRB- CC -RRB- look that much better or what . In either case Chrono Cross is truly what a neo RPG should be . Not the lost causes that LoM and ToF are . Normally I play games through 100 % before I think about the review but in this case I have to make the exception . I purchased Chrono Cross the day it was released . In that time I 've only managed to play the game for an hour before it disappeared from my house one day.I 've managed to discover that one of my friends had decided to `` borrow '' Chrono Cross . In that time it has exchanged hands at least three times not one of which was mine and not willingly . What does that tell me ? That this game rocks . It 's very rare that games get stolen from me and even rarer that they would ever get stolen more than once . Only two other games since all the time I 've played games was any game `` borrowed '' from me -LRB- MC Kids for NES and Kid Chameleon for Sega Genesis -RRB- and returned several years later -LRB- Or in the case of MC Kids , never returned -RRB- . Indeed , SquareSoft certainly pulled a rabbit out of their hat with this one . I certainly hope that games like CC will continue to be the norm for Square and not the lost lunches like the LoM and ToF games Square shoved down our throats .
 WOW ! While I 'm a relative newcomer to RPGs on console systems , I have to say
 This game is as good as the original , or maybe a tad better . I was n't sure how good of a sequeal it would be because I liked FF7 but then when FF8 came out I was disappointed . This is a blast to play because of Awesome graphics , sound , story , characters -LRB- there are a few stupid ones though -RRB- , and fighting . Well Done ! BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!
 Chrono Cross is the sequal to the 1995 RPG hit `` Chrono Trigger '' . While Chrono Cross is set in the same world as Chrono Trigger , 20 years later , it has a completely new story , with tidbits thrown in for the CT fan . Chrono Cross has an excellent story -LRB- with many possible branches and endings -RRB- , a innovative and interesting combat system -LRB- NO random battles -RRB- , and many characters . I would wholeheartedly reccomend this game to any RPG fan . This game is a must have , buy it now !
 I could n't wait to get home and play this game as soon as the Funcoland cashier handed it to me over the counter . The bad part was that I had to wait another hour for my mom to finish her errands . But when I finally got home and popped opened the shimmering white CD , Squaresoft 's RPG trademark , and entered my first battle ... I could n't believe what I was seeing . Squaresoft has finally delivered an amazing RPG that should be given as much respect as the Final Fantasy series after releasing a slew of `` Okay '' to `` Awful '' ones -LRB- pretty much FF8-present -RRB- . While keeping in the classic 3 team battle system , much beloved by hardcore RPG fans -LRB- too much abnormal straifing from standard RPG protocol normally yields bad results -RRB- , and overhead overworld perspective , Squaresoft pulled and poked and damn-near skewered the norm and crafted what I would call the `` Perfect RPG '' . The new battle system w / multiple attack levles and elements , as well as the authentic `` Crono '' team attacks , requires more thinking and strategy then any RPG I 've played so far and the endless combinations of battle play keeps each fight astoundingly fun . The graphics are beautiful , plain and simple . Colorful , fully textured battles that do n't lag are always wonderful . The storyline is just as intense and exhillerating as the two recent Final Fantasys ' but the numerous paths you can take gives it miles ahead of those spikey-haired goons . 10 different endings all achievable by making different choices in the game ; it is truely as good as it sounds . The characters , which I have heard have a total count of 40 + playable , are amazingly unique with their own lifestyles and reasons for fighting , and range from a Maralyin Manson look-alike rock star to a cute little flying fairy . It does n't matter if you are a die hard RPG fan or a RPG-curious player , get this game , or at least rent it if you are still skeptical . After the first hour you will be totally absorbed . To be honest , I am only 11 hours into the game and on the first disc , but all the facts have yet to be proven false and this game could possibly be the greatest RPG of the 20th century -LRB- which it still IS -RRB- , even surpassing Crono Trigger , also deemed the best game of all time , but Squaresoft could learn a lesson from this game and perhaps still improve upon it in the next upcoming 100 years ...
 One of the main reasons i bought this game is because I want to have it before it is sold out everywhere so i can still play this game but the only draw back to this great game is its combat and skill/magic system which could of been improved on but other then that its a great game.PS
 Next to final fantasy 7 , this has to be one of the top rpg 's ever made . Great story , beautiful graphics , and a cast of characters you 'll never forget .
 Some masterpieces/classics seem to be called that because of the massive attention/hype it got . Or people call them successes despite the many flaws -LRB- witness Matrix Reloaded , big money maker but totally lousy sequel -RRB- . Chrono Cross got big marks in magazines on initial release yet people now look at it as a far inferior sequel to Chrono Trigger and just an good game overall but not great . I think it 's good but way too hyped and dropped the ball syndrome all over the place.Story
 this game is a fun beat em up game . the attacks are cool and the graphics are alright , this is great game , its like sonic meets robot fighters , its that kinda style .
 I bought this video game for my 9 year old son and he loves it . He says it 's great because you can play as three different gundams and you get stronger the more you play as that character . Each character has his own style of attacks so you can choose which one you like . He says the controls are not that easy , but they are learnable . The graphics are great , in his opinion , and there is no speaking so subsequently there are no foul language -LRB- which I like . -RRB- He loves it and says any other gundam fan would love it too !
 this game is awesome , its an adventure - action game so if you like sonic games and especially donkey kong games this will be a perfect game everyone its a good game it looks 3D the graphics are alright not too good and not bad , in this game you can be 3 people like captain he can punch real good and he has a good jetpack to reach high places , another guy name shimamura or some thing anyway his weapon is petter than all 3 he has 2 swords and can kill enemies reall fast and he jumps high higher if you run and then jump , and theres another guy named zero he can fly anywhere im serious all the wy up and down he has a fat sword and sends some sort of shockwave , overall the character are great with unique talents so this game is ggrreeeaattt !!!
 I bought Tringo as I like puzzle games like tetris and the best part is that it is a Game Boy Advance game . It is the only GBA game I have so I keep it in my DS all the time and when I am tired with whatever DS game is in there , I can always switch over . It is challenging and does n't require the stylus so gives your hand a break ! As an adult and educator , I see this also has a great learning but fun game to help build math skills especially for geometry !
 I 've played the game for a while now and it 's pretty addictive . Adding the puzzle part to Bingo makes the game pretty different from what 's out there , and the overall game has a lot of value .
 Trains Railroad Simulator 2004 is an unbelievable product . I 've owned MS Train Sim and was quickly bored by it . This product on the other hand has me so excited I ca n't sleep at night ! There is plenty of info on the mfg 's website so I 'm not going to repeat what 's out there . -LRB- note that Amazon 's site seems to have the publisher wrong , ALL TRAINZ programs are written by Auran out of Australia -LRB- www.auran.com -RRB- . I believe the US PUBLISHER is Oteeva.What I will say is that I have stopped playing all other games and even railroad tycoon 3 is collecting dust since TRS2004 Arrived . I would also like to add that I have a 5 year old son who loves driving/watching the trains go round . I 've really enjoyed playing with TRS2004!It 's hard to explain , but playing with TRS2004 is exciting and fun and there 's so much to look forward to -LRB- I download new things for it all the time -RRB- So Let 's review : MS TRAINSIM = BORING = You 'll want to go to bed early.TRAINZ RAILROAD SIMULATOR = EXCITING & FUN = You 'll want to stay up all night and you just might call in `` sick '' the next day ; - -RRB- Hope this review helps you in your purchase decision.For me , fun is what it 's all about .
 I did considerable online research but I was still hesitant about purchasing a train simulator ... -LRB- if you have played very many video games , you will have a large supply of `` disk coasters '' laying around , although the demos offered these days have helpled considerably -RRB- To make a long review short , I can truly say that it 's been a fun experience ... the learning curve is relatively short in acquiring the basics of driving a train ... It reminds me of Roller Coaster Tycoon , in that a 5 year can enjoy basic elements of play but an adult can find it a challenge to micro-manageThe graphics are acceptable but the real plus is its flexibility of play ... for example , you can drive the train from the cab using actual controls , or you can drive it out of cab with an easy-to-use HUD console , or you can merely dispatch via AI feature which allows `` pc '' engineers to complete tasks ... there is also `` route editor '' which allows you to create/customise routesI `` was disappointed '' that there were not a larger number of packaged scenarios ... but there appears to be a strong online support with download featuresI play a variety of games , but I can `` heartly '' recommend it ... if nothing else it 's a fine escape from the `` nail biting '' games I usually play ... I would rate it a 4.5 due to the scenario issue , but only a 4 or 5 is allowed ... If you enjoyed playing with trains as a `` kid '' you will like it ... well , anyway , that 's my opinion !!
 I 've been buying computer games for 20 years and some are more interesting than others , of course . But I 've never bought a game before this one that I played over and over ... for hours at a time , and never got tired of it ! This is a world . For those of us who look for excellent graphics , you 'll find them here -- highly detailed , carefully constructed , and greatly varied visuals . And , like the best software -LRB- of any kind -RRB- you can go as deep or as shallow as you want ; and there are tons of options , variations , and features . It 's just a great , great game and so much more fun to use than other games . You choose whether to build a world , play a scenario , learn from a tutorial , drive a train , control several trains , tell AI drivers what you want to do , create your own scenery/scenarios/maps , or just sit around and watch this great simulation play itself out . You must buy this . It 's extraordinary and compelling .
 A very brief review of a very interesting product . This review was written a few days after the simulator was published . This product has evolved from earlier versions of a railroad simulator such as UTC by Auran . There should be reviews of UTC on amazon . What you purchase is a basic framework of a model railroad in a computer . Although the basic CD comes with some 400 Mbs of trains , buildings , layouts , rolling stock from around the world . Besides that there is an associated web site that currently contains some 15,000 + downloadable items . Various individuals and groups produce everything from steam engines to carved wooden model toys . The web site has a forum where you can see how groups work together to create new content . Some are payware but most are free . John Banks is of interest since he has written his PhD on the way people have created the third party content and it 's this third party content that has extended the simulator in ways that the creators of the software had n't even thought about . It is sold as a railway simulator but is considered by some to be the best English canal and canal barge simulator available.Target market is very broad , the sort of people who are interested in model railways certainly have taken it up . But there are many youngsters 3 + who enjoy watching the game or simulator . The jet engine in this version is new , it takes advantage of the new graphics cards to allow more interesting water effects . It also is more efficient than the old version but that is balanced by the some highly detailed models that need faster computers to run . It also seems to run smoothly on a wider range of video cards than the old version . Auran has upped the minimum suggested requirements but since this version is more efficient some quite positive comments have come from users with less than the recommended systems . The software can be tuned to take best advantage of the hardware and quite detailed instructions are available in the forums on how to do this.In a word enjoy .
 Although I am just now getting to purchasing `` Tranz '' I can honestly say that I am looking forward to alot of fun and learning experiences with this program . I did download the free demo , which is very generous consisting of 100mb plus . Although can not save any of the `` surveying '' layouts that you create , they are easy to create and alot of fun . For the most part the surveying program is very realistic and you are able to creat whatever type of landscape desired . The demo is limited in scope however , take the time to dowload it and you will be hooked on this program . I purchased Microsoft train Simulation and I would not encourage anyone to waste their money on that program !!! MST is not user friendly in creating layouts . Is very difficult to understand the operations of and thus yes , very boring !!!! Tranz has so much more to offer for free downloads and in future developments will no doubt become even more realistic.Try the free download , you 'll love it !!!!
 Our 6 year old son has been FASCINATED with trains for a few years now -LRB- like most boys -RRB- and he has played other train software programs . However , when he found TRAINZ on google and liked what he saw ... we purchased this program for his enjoyment . Well , I got ta tell ya , setting it up was alittle on the `` higher '' learning curve but now ... we can not get him off of this program . AMAZING for us to watch him -LRB- 6yo -RRB- paint the train -LRB- Paint Shed -RRB- , create the track layout including town , cars , and run his trains.Now ... he is teaching mom and dad how to run the program.Listen , if your CHILD is interested in TRAINS ... . this program is a MUST BUY !!!! You will be `` AMAZED '' beyond comprehension on the graphics and simplicity of this smooth program . Additionally , you will enjoy countless hours watching your child `` dream '' and play an educational program and LEARN !!! Cheers ... Joe and Jan , Oak Harbor , WA , USN .
 First , let 's understand what we 're looking at here . TRS 2004 is an advanced 3D Railroad simulation , which can take a decent amount of computing horsepower to provide an enjoyable experience . Those who do n't bother to read the system recommendations and requirements on the box or on Auran 's Website -LRB- such as those amazed that a `` graphics card '' is needed -RRB- will probably be somewhat disappointed when their 5 year old computer does n't run it well . Most people with a fairly new , fairly powerful computer should find that it runs sufficiently . If your computer can run games such as Far Cry and Doom 3 , it should have no problem running Trainz . Again , check the requirements BEFORE purchasing , or do n't whine about it later . That being said , TRS 2004 is a wonderful world of railroading . There are so many different aspects to the program , that almost everyone is sure to find something of interest . If you like creating your own worlds fron scratch , you can do it . If you simply want to watch the trains run , you can do it . If you want to drive the trains , you can do it . If you 're interested in the assets management aspect such as providing fuel for the power plant , power for the other industries , etc. , you can do that . If you want to build and paint your own 3D scenery items , engines and rolling stock , you can do that as well , with the included Paint Shed and the free downloadable GMax , which is a scaled down version of Discreet 's 3DStudio Max.It 's amazing how one person can complain that it does n't come with enough items , and then also complain that those items take up 1.5 gigs of hard drive space . Granted , out of the box TRS 2004 does n't come with everything you could ever want to run on your railroad , but it does come with a sufficient amount of engines , rolling stock and scenery items from around the world to more than adequately get you started . Add to that over 39,000 additional free items , mainly created by a large and active 3rd party development community conveiniantly archived at Auran 's Download Station , and there 's an amazing array of just about everything you could want . While downloading larger items for free can be time consuming , faster download speeds are available for an incredible price of under $ 10 per year , which helps to defray the cost of providing the servers the content is stored on . The support provided by the program 's authors is amazing , both via online forums , a helpdesk , and through live online chat sessions . It is n't unusual to catch some of the principles of the company such as the CEO or members of the design team online and answering questions or giving details about forthcoming improvements . Imagine going online and finding Bill Gates providing support for some of Microsoft 's products . Of course , that wo n't ever happen , but that 's what you 'll find from Auran.It is n't the perfect program -LRB- what program is ? -RRB- . There are a few issues and features which could be better , but at least the people who wrote it are interested and active in making it better . If you like trains , you just might find all of your free time being taken by this program . I 've personally spent the last 3 years with this and previous incarnations of this product , and I can truthfully say , in terms of value received compared to price paid , it 's both the best and cheapest program I own . Endless hours of enjoyment to be had by fans of all ages is truly priceless .
 I like TRS2004 alot . I am hoping to get TRS2006 soon . One problem on my game though ... . The water in the driver and surveyor modules does not reflect the sky . Nor does it look too 3D . I have tried both DirectX 9.0 c and openGL but I guess there is just nothing I can do about it . My graphics card is an Intel 82845G card and the TRAINZ system requirments said you need a NVIDIA GEFORCE chip . If anyone can help , please write back daily . - -LRB- ... -RRB- , Age 11 , `` the train geek ''
 I bought my son this simulation for his birthday -LRB- 8th -RRB- . He loves it . It runs well on our computer and has only crashed when he loaded up a layout with zillions of objects -LRB- hundreds of cows , cars , houses and such -RRB- . -LRB- Win98SE , Athlon 1800XP , 512 Meg , ATI8500 or NVidia 5600 -RRB- . He learned the editor and driver with only a few hours help from me . He spends hour after hour experimenting with the editor tools , looking through the object list , creating complex layouts , and running trains.This is one heck of deal ! A solid product at a great price that kids love . You ca n't beat it .
 i cant even install the game on my computer . now when i bought this game i thought i was gon na be able to do all of the suggested stuff but insted i cant even install it . DO NOT BUT THIS GAME . use the thirty bucks to buy a model railroad engine car or track cause that is what i should have done .
 We played this game years ago and my husband loved it . We could n't find it for sale anywhere and then when I finally did I would have paid what ever price they asked . It was thirty something dollars . But it 's worth every penny . We LOVE this game . Try it ! .
 I bought this so I could record videos from my PS3 with the Dazzle because it does n't support HDMI . It works perfectly .
 Very high quality cables and connections . Easy to use and really seemed to make a difference over the generic cables that come with the PS3 . Really happy with the cables and will buy from INTEC in the future .
 The PS3 comes with a simple composite cable . The best way to connect your PS3 to your HDTV is via HDMI or component . But for those of us still using tube TVs like my 35 '' Sony Trinitron , SVIDEO is my best bet.The cable is pliable so does n't feel like it will break when bending around corners , connectors fit snugly , and the length is appropriate.Video and audio quality is excellent .
 I really needed this cable so that I could record to my Dazzle . I went to numerous stores including Wal-mart , Radio shack , and even Best Buy . Nobody seemed to have one or even hardly knew what I was referring to . As soon as I found this product I ordered it -LRB- there was limited quanitites left -RRB- . So far it 's worked great . The only thing I did have a problem with was on the red , yellow , and white side there is a little too much plastic around each of the connectors so that it wo n't stay plugged into a dazzle . I had a dremel on hand and in about 5 mins just shaved that extra plastic down so that I get a tight comfortable fit into my dazzle . I gave it 4 stars only because of this . Otherwise a great product at a reasonable price . I would buy again .
 As the title suggests , I got these sometime in 2006 . The set I had before them ? The very same thing ! I like that I can wear these and not get a funny line across the center of my head ! I like to game A LOT , so I never wanted to wear headphones and then have to shower just to fix my hair . It was a pain , but no longer . Has n't been for years ! The reason I had to buy this second set , frankly , is because I threw the first set across the room as hard as I could in the midst of a fight with my lady -LRB- over the phone -RRB- -LSB- oh , to be young -LRB- er -RRB- and stupid -LRB- er ? -RRB- -RSB- . Despite the impact and subsequent damage , I was actually able to repair them with ease and keep using them for several months!FIT - > The headphone have a fantastic fit for me , and while they took some getting used to , I frequently wear them for HOURS AND HOURS without any trouble . They do n't have any noise canceling , but they insulate well with the large pads that make them so comfortable , too.SOUND - > They have fantastic sound and are very adjustable . All these people who whine about sound and mic quality must not know very much about PC 's , as the settings are so easy to tweak . I have been an avid Teamspeak user since 2003 , and have run a server for much of that time . I ca n't tell you how much better this $ 20 headset is than so many people 's $ 40 - $ 50 headsets . They would have mic sensitivity problems or sound issues no matter how much tweaking we did , and I got my own set up in all of 2 minutes.LOOK ? - > Frankly , I do n't care too much about appearance . I 'm loyal to these already , but I was in a college dorm when I started using them . They were admired by some and not as much by others , but hey , who cares ? You like 'em or you do n't , and you use 'em or you do n't . I thought they were pretty cool.I love these headphones , and I 'm here to buy my third pair early . The ones I have now are still doing great , but at their age , I worry , and I like to keep a spare . Also , the price is absolutely right . I have tried other `` cheap '' headsets before and had terrible experiences . I do n't think these can be beaten for the price , or even by anything triple the price . I hope this helps you make a decision .
 I bought this knowing very well it was used , however in the description it said `` like new '' , while everything works fine i must say it is n't `` new '' looking , i can distinctly tell the microphone jack has been repaired and paint has been chipped , its an older model then what the picture looks like as well . I should n't hate on this though , i bought it for about 13 $ while a brand new one is 30 $ -LRB- plus shipping/handling -RRB- . Its voice quality is n't crystal clear but good enough even for the gamers , sound quality is incredible , i might be over doing it a bit because im upgrading from a xbox 360 headset but i can definitely notice a difference in First person shooters . The behind the head design is alright for me but i guess thats a personal thing . While the `` open air design '' helps , this wont keep you from sweating for hours if your wearing it right , simply because you ca n't have an open air design and have great noise canceling together . you can have one or the other , or 50 % of both which is what is in this headset . Overall this is a really good headset and will work for anyone that wants to do some gaming without spending 130 on a new g35 but does n't want crappy gear either . definitely worth buying
 It 's a very good pair of headphones for someone who uses SecondLife alot like I do . the only problem is that on rare occasions the top of my ear gets compressed to my head and winds up hurting , but that 's easy to remedy . make sure the top of your ears are sitting properly in the headphones .
 This is a great headset . Sounds are crisp and the mic is extremely clear . I have two sound cards . One for a 5.1 speaker system and one for the headset . With the open ear design , I can listen to both . I would recommend this headset to anyone who likes to play online games or just simple chatting .
 this headset is great for gaming , extra large earphone cushions make extended play very comfortable and relaxing . do not strain or pinch the ears in any way , shape or form . buy these headphones if you are not only concerned about your gaming sound , but concerned about your gaming hair
 this is very good handset I have , come with very long cable , and the sond is good . Thanks logitech .
 This Headset is great for gaming whether it be Counter strike or something you dont need a mic for like Final Fantasy XI or Lineage 2 . Though they arent the dome kind they still keep out quite a bit ouf the sound out . Also the space for your ears above the pad keep them from being uncomfortable . The only downfall i have about these is that they are a bit big on me but i 'm a girl so it 's probably different on guys .
 The headset is good . Sound quality is good . I personally have n't tried it on games , but my brother does and he has n't complained about it . Microphone works just fine.One thing i do n't like , but you might , is the wire . It 's a bit too long it 's annoying.That 's about it .
 sounds great , only flaw I 've found is that there is no adjustment to fit your head .
 These headsets do not have the best sound in the world but are good enough , and are confortable too , at least for me ...
 These headphones are great . I the mic works great , it picks up every sound . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is because it does get a little bit uncomfortable after like hours of use , but the price is good and I like them .
 I bought this a few years ago and I am just now getting around to writing a review . This thing is fantastic . It has held up to the use and abuse of a few years . It can get a little painful while wearing it over an extended time . But for the price , I would definitely get another one .
 Had it for about a month now and it still works and looks like new . and i bought a refurbished pair as well . the sound quality is great , by far the best I have had and the mic quality is great as well .
 I was amazed with the quality of the device . The sound quality was outstanding , the device was comfortable , the microphone had fantastically clear quality . I was very satisfied . I would recommend this to anyone , because one size will fit all and it is definately worth the price .
 Do n't listen to what these WoW ` ers have to say , they obviously do not understand how to utilize this amazing headset to its fullest extent . First of all I will say I 'm using a SB audigy ZS 2 , and this headset is OUTSTANDING in Counter-strike source , battlefield 2 , F.E.A.R. , Guild Wars , Ventrilo , MP3 's , etc. . This Headset transmits amazing sound to my online friends via VOIP , and receives sound in full throttle crisp clear quality . This headseat keeps your ears cool with little vents built into the design . Do n't listen to these whiney nerds about how they hurt the ears . I use this headset 4 hours straight every day and my ears dont sweat , chafe , bruise , or hurt at ALL . If anything , they feel perfectly fine and truely outperform some $ 80 - $ 100 products.I highly reccomend this product!The ONLY Con that I noticed after 3 months of use in the size of the headset does not fit all users . I have a 7 1/4 inch head . Someone with a much smaller or larger head might have a problem , as this headset does not have a size adjuster .
 I bought this headset when it first came out from my friend who runs a computer store . They had great sound , Great fit , and a great mic . The only problem I have with it now is I bent it out of shape when it was on my chair and I didnt see it and sat on it but I am thinking of buying it again now .
 This item is perfect for gaming and even for chating online .
 Read reviews about the Logitech headset from a few different tech sites and everyone loved them . Thought they were a adjustable fit headset but they are not . Do n't care any longer . I have had trouble with headsets sitting on my ears and after awhile my ears will start to hurt . With this headset I have no issue like that and can wear them for hours on end .
 Headset is great for the price , sound and mic quality are good for the headset . Some may find it a bit uncomfortable to wear for extended periods of time .
 Great value ; the headphones get a little warm with extended use . Definitely recommend if you want a quality headset for cheap .
 I bought this headset at Wal-Mart a little over a year ago and I have n't had a problem with it so far . I bought this because I like to play Call of Duty online , and sometimes I can talk to my teammates . It worked so well due to the quality of sound it provided me with . With speakers , I could n't hear as much , or as well as I could when wearing this headset . I could clearly hear my teammates -LRB- Just as easily as I could talk to them -RRB- , and I could easily hear my opponents walking up behind me . Also , another feature I liked was that when I was n't talking while playing , I could twist the microphone up so it was n't in my way . It is a very handy gadget for gaming.My only complaint is the way it plugs in to the computer . It has two seperate plugs , one for the speaker , and one for the microphone . Well , my computer only had one plug in for speakers , and I did n't want to reach behind the computer everytime I wanted to use the speakers rather than the headset . So , I had to buy a splitter so I could plug them both in at the same time , and they both worked . When I was used the headset , and muted the speakers , and vice versa.Other than that , I have n't had any problems with it , and it was a very good buy .
 I have had these now for about 6 months and I really enjoy them . The extra padding is a plus as it covers the whole ear . The sound quality is excellent . I use these while playing online games like Battlefield 2 where communication is key . It took a week or so to break them in as they felt tight at first but now they are very comfortable . I recommend these to anyone who plays online games that require 2-way communication , those who use a communication service like Skype or just wish to listen to music.Great overall value !
 I 'm guessing that these other people are comparing this headset to the really high end $ 200 + headsets.I think that this headset is great . My friends were impressed by the sound quality of my voice over Skype and I was impressed by the sound quality of the headphones when playing Modern Warfare 2 . After 5 hours of straight game play my ears were a little sore but I did n't see this as a big problem .
 I have been using this product for more than 3 weeks and it has work fine for me , It has good volume and the mic is very good , I use it generally with skype and has work very good from speaking to hearing the other people .
 This headset is one of the most comfortable headsets ive owned . i personally prefer the behind the head style . The sound is high in quality -LRB- for the price -RRB- . I go through many long sessions of gaming -LRB- sometime 7 to 8 hours long -RRB- either on CS : source or playing WoW , and some CoD . The mic is one of the best ive had as well and ive gone through my fair share of head sets and desktop mics . Its not right in your face and it pics up my voice perfectly without picing up background noise . The only drawback i see to these is that i didnt have a pair sooner =-RRB- .
 The headset got here in One day real fast service and it was ground mail . Only problems with the headset was that when i talk into it , it like echos what I say but other then that it was good .
 I purchased these headphones at the end of July 2006 and since then they 've been very handy . They do n't hurt at all , and the sound pickup is good too . I give this product an A +
 I bought this headset back in 2005 when I got my first real MP game , Battlefield 2 . It is now 2008 , and these things are STILL being used with my games and they work great . The sound quality is good and the microphone is better . As far as sound cancellation , eh , but I put voice on the headset and actual game sounds on my Bose speakers . These fit my head well because I have a small head and they fit tight , nor do they constrict the ears or which make them perfect for me . My ears get irritated and hot when wearing headphones that clasp or sit on my ears so these are great , they sit a good 1/2 inch from my ears . I can see why these can be uncomfortable though since they do n't adjust and are a tight fit.Summary
 This is a nice headset . We bought one and tried it out . Liked it enough that we bought 3 more . -LRB- I have 4 gamers in my house -RRB- Affordable . Works great with Skype , too .
 I bought this headset to replace a lightweight model that had broken . These headphones are worn behind the neck style . sound quality is pretty good . The mic is clear and picks up your voice well . The mic is adjustable up and down but you cant position it closer to your mouth . The inline volume control is a nice touch so you wont have to exit a game to adjust the volume . The headset is pretty comfortable unless you plan on wearing it for a long time . After about two hours of playing counter strike source or day of defeat source I 'm ready for a break . I must mention that these things are durable . I think you could run them over with your car and they 'd still function . To me , that 's their best feature since I 've had other headseats break . So if you 're looking for a decent set of headphones that sound good and will take loads of abuse then these are worth considering . There was a rebate available when I purchased these headphones which made this an offer that I could n't pass up
 So far , I do n't understand the negative reviews . The headset feels a little stiff at first , but after a bit of use it should soften up . Even so , it 's more comfortable already than any headset I 've used . I do n't use a headset for game sounds , just voice . If I 'm not chatting with people , I 'm using my surround speakers . The voice on this comes through wonderfully . It was loud and clear . My last set , I had to mute game sounds or turn them to bare minimum because they overrode voice . With this set I actually turned the game sounds up . And my friends said they could hear me loud and clear .
 The sound is good quality , but I had a couple of issues with this headset.The microphone should be able to extend a bit , as few software packages could hear my voice very well , and when it did , it picked up too much other noise.The fact that it is designed to go behind your head was a bit uncomfortable . Other headsets that are designed for that angle are lighter , while this one is still a bit heavy , and tends to move down from a comfortable position.It 's a good headset , but just not for me .
 I bought this wheel from a store about 3 months ago and it is a great addition to my racing collection . The level of contol this wheel gives is really very good and is very easy to install and take off . If you are a racing enthusiast , I recommend this wheel highly .
 playing racing games with the steering wheel is fun , but very sensitive .
 The Pro Racer Wheel is a very good racing controller . It 's a bit harder to steer , but the more challenge the better ! It has a very nice feel to it . There is a light on the top to show you that it is plugged in . Very good concept . I reccomend this controller for MOST racing games . -LRB- i have heard on others it is too sensitive -RRB-
 This wheel is great . It 's compact and solid . I was looking for a wheel , but I did n't want a huge setup . Sure gas and brake pedals are nice to have , but not nice if your xbox is hooked up in the living room they tend to be an eyesore on your entertainment center . The pro racer wheel was just what I was looking for , it gives me an edge when it comes to racing with friends and they get stuck with the old controllers .
 I just purchased another one to keep as a backup in case my old one quits . I 've had the old one 3 yrs now and it still works flawlessly , I just wanted to have another new one in stock . This controller takes a little getting used to and it works as well as a separate wheel and pedal set which I also have -LRB- Thrustmaster Nascar wheel and pedal set -RRB- .
 If you like 2D fighting games then this is easy to recommend whether you are a fan of the Gundam Seed anime series or not . It has enough modes to stay busy for a decent length of time . The mobile suits to me look pretty good for being a GBA game . The backgrounds look pretty good as well.As far as gameplay goes this is pure fan service with an excellent dose of fun . The menus are basic but easy to navigate . Overall I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a good GBA game . And if you have a link cable you can play your friends -LRB- not sure if they have to have a cartridge or not -RRB- .
 I have always enjoyed watching the Gundam SEED anime and was curious about the game . It is a fun game to play , you play different pilots from either side , and then you get a password for each mobile suit you use . The only downside is that the game does n't save your progress , you have to type in each password each time you play in order to open up new suits and characters . So far I have unlocked Rau Le Creuset . For each one character gained you have had to defeat everyone using two different characters . I unlocked Rau by playing Kira Yamato in Strike and Athrun Zala in the Aegis . When your playing a character you battle all of the characters that you can play or receive throughout the game , like Kira Yamato in Freedom , and Athrun Zala in Justice -LRB- which sometimes are suprisingly easy to beat -RRB- . Although it appears that there are some suprise characters since there more than just the three slots for Rau Le Creuset and his mobile suit -LRB- a GOUF , i think -RRB- , Kira Yamato in Freedom , and Athrun Zala in Justice .
 This is by far my fvorite game on game boy , and not beaten by much on other systems . Best gundam game since Battle Assualt 2 in ps1 . The replay on this game is great , so many ways to play through the game from difficulty settings to 12 different mobile suit.I didnt watch much of the series it is based on , but i am a big gundam fan and found ths game gret , especally compared to the console counterparts of the last few years , at leas the ones released in the US .
 This game is awesome . I probably play it most often out of all my games -LRB- which includes other consoles -RRB- . Fun
 I bought this game for my son -LRB- 5yrs old -RRB- . I have sat & watched him play this & played it myself . Just love the graphics & the witty/funny remarks from Super Granny herself . My son has just about played the whole game now . Being based as an arcade style game , the use of the controls are not hard to learn at all . There are some challenging levels which I have helped him out on . It is a very addicitive game . Before I bought the game , I had previously played demo versions of it , so I have had no regrets in purchasing this game at all . I thoroughly recommend this game to families .
 I have a hard time NOT playing this game day and night . Help Granny save the kitties while outsmarting bulldogs , pink poodles , robots , monkeys , and weiner dogs . Work your way through five sections of the amusement park . You collect gold coins to buy extra lives or tools to help you survive Granny 's enemies . WAY FUN !
 This game is harder then you first think . I like it because not only do your fingers have to be fast but your brain has to work at the same time trying to figure the best way to accomplice the mission . It 's a cute game , one that you can turn off and not get emotionally involved , like Sims .
 I have Super Granny 5 and love it , but I have played through it over and over . Super Granny 3 actually has some harder levels than 5 , but it 's because the game overall is rougher ... meaning Granny does n't respond as fast to turning , digging , and running ... and with less control combined with enemies that are faster , it is challenging ! The visual background is also not sharp or as clear as Super Granny 5 but I am still glad I bought Super Granny 3 . It 's a great value . I am looking forward to trying Super Granny 6 as soon as I can get it to work on my computer ; -RRB-
 My mother plays this game all the time ! The plot of the game is for you -LRB- granny -RRB- to gather up all of her kitties . You have different platforms to jump onto and a lot of different levels to play on ! Super Granny is wonderful ! It 's all around amusing and good fun !
 I played tons of games before because i 'm a diehard gamer . Lost Planet is one of my favorites . The graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is perfect in my opinion . The easy pick up and go controls make it a game for all players and the storyline is captivating . This is a game for anyone even the newcomers to the world of next generation gaming . Basically , just get it and you have my word that you wo n't be dissappointed . Ofcourse it gets hard at times but what good game does n't ? Get it get it get it !!!!!!!!!
 This is super great game ! Worth the buy . If do not already have this game , get it , it is must have ! The graphics are outstanding , the story is one of the best and the game play is super . This game is fun and challengying . The best thing is , that the graphic for the game are so real , that it makes you feel like you 're really there . When I stared playing it and I saw the snow blow and crunch beneth the carature 's feet , I felt a chill . Five stars is just not enough .
 This is really the first FPS game I have played , having concentrated on RPGs in the past . I thought the game play was outstanding , simple to follow and very entertaining . Some of the bosses can be a little challenging -LRB- at least for an inexperienced gamer like myself -RRB- . The storyline was fascinating and fun and not at all difficult to follow as far as I am concerned . It took me a long time to finally kill GreenEye . Ironically the easiest boss was the final one ... Highly recommended . It took a very inexperienced player like myself about 20 hrs to complete the entire game . Online play was not as much fun as regular mode , as you are a snow pirate online .
 First off , let me say I have always been a PC gamer for years . I never thought I would like playing on a gaming console as much has I like playing on the PC . When Call of Duty 3 came out last year and the game developer did n't make a PC copy of that game , I knew I had to buy an Xbox 360 because I love all the Call of Duty games on the PC and I did n't want to wait until sometime this year to get the next version of Call of Duty on the PC . So I broke down and bought the Xbox 360 console not only so I could play Call of Duty 3 , but I also wanted to play Gears of War.I really did n't expect any console game to be , graphic-wise , as good as a PC game so I did n't expect too much from Call of Duty 3 or Gears of War . Boy was I wrong . Let me tell you something . The graphics on both Call of Duty 3 and Gears of War are just awesome . I have to admit that the graphics on console games are just as good now as on PC games . I thought I would never admit that since I have always been a die-hard PC gamer all my life . I am so glad I went out and bought an Xbox 360 . And just so you know . I do not work for Microsoft trying to push the Xbox 360 console or its games . I 'm just what you call a gamer junkie who just loves to plays games . If I did n't like the Xbox 360 or its games I would tell you the truth . It took me a while to get used to using a wireless Xbox 360 hand controller because I was so used to using a keyboard and a mouse on the PC , but after playing on the Xbox 360 for a while , I found out the hand controller is pretty easy to use.Now on to my review on Lost Planet
 The most qualified people in my house to write a review on this would be my husband and my son but since I ca n't seem to get either one of them away from this game you 'll have to settle for me repeating what I hear.This game is awesome!I ca n't believe how well thought out this game is!Look out Halo!How did we not have this before?And it goes on and one but honestly I tune them out . So I would have to recommend , based on what I hear , this game to everyone . I personally do appreciate the fact that my husband and son can play a game together that is not M rated .
 Lost Planet delivers fast-paced gameplay that definitely makes shooter fans happy . The shooter controls work excellent as the should for an Xbox 360 title , the graphics are amazing , the alien designs are cool , and it 's definitely challenging . Some flaws are noticeable however , such as the storyline -LRB- Evil corporation called Nevec , The Frontier Project , and oh no ! It turns out main protagonist Wayne was frozen in ice for 30 years ! Gasp ! -RRB- , and you have to pick up the red glowing orbs for your survival and since your life force through these orbs can wear off and you 'll freeze to death . These problems are fairly minor however when you are in the fast shooter gameplay which keeps you intrigued . Oh , and by the way Sony fans this game has been announced for Playstation 3 for 2008 , so quit whining about Devil May Cry 4 going multiplatform , you stole an exclusive from Xbox 360 .
 This game was really quite enjoyable . But it is really simple , the enemies are simple to defeat , and it can get old really fast if you do n't fall in love with it . But even if you just buy it and play it every once in a while i think its worth it . The single player missions can get a little tedious and the story line is nothing special but if you make it a little bit more difficult for yourself it can be pretty fun . What i mean is dont just kill whats right in front of you . Go out of your way , wander around , kill everything , even the giant boss style creatures that most people wont go after . Do that and you will get a real sense of accomplishment . You can brag to frinds about beating the giant snow worm that everyone else runs from . You dont have to mention the thing ate you twenty or so times . If you do everything in the game and play it to the fullest , it is a great game to have . Not to mention it doesnt have any real blood and gore so a younger child could play this and a parent would n't need to worry about there child being filled with greusome images . Where else can your kid fight fight off giant scorpions the size of a semi truck ? Now that can be fun for the whole family !
 Honestly , i bought this game brand new becuase I worked at a rental store at the time and i had seen promos and posters , trailers ... All the stuff for the game looked good . But when i first played it i didnt like it very much -LRB- i.e. the controls , the game mechanics -RRB- but once i got past ... 15 minutes i was hooked until i beat it.then i shelved it for a month or two . after that i subscribed to Xbox Live . the game got better and better . the funnest multiplayer gameplay , 2-16 players , wide varity of players from crappy to elite . so the competition is always fresh.the sweetest feeling is getteing first place in a matchwith laggers , loudmouths and real good players , a few jumping head shots isnt ' t bad either.SO if you you like shooters that require any skill BUY THIS GAME . - lms1986 - XBOXLIVE
 Great game ! If you enjoy boss fights this is your game . Graphics are remarkable , camera angles make you feel like you 're there in the thick of it . If you want to show off that shiny new HDTV and sound system , get this game .
 The best thing to say about this game is that it is really something else . I wanted it to be good before I got it , however when I bought it and played the first level I did n't like it at all . This was mostly due to the control scheme , which I thought was un-customizable . However after a while I came back to it and after looking for a while I discovered several adjustments that can be made . By default , the crosshair moves in a way that makes it slow and thus makes your character turn ridiculously slowly -LRB- something that throws off a LOT of people -RRB- however this can be turned completely off , by adjusting the controls you can the crosshair in the center of the screen , making the aiming feel more like a FPS and much more accurate . Once I fixed the controls to my liking , I got past the first level , and wow - the game really took off ! What people need to realize is that there 's a learning curve to the controls and gameplay mechanics and once they 're mastered they really pay off and then some ! It makes for some of the most fun and unique gameplay I 've experienced in a very long time -LRB- and I play a ton of games -RRB- . The gameplay is as fun as you make it out to be . It when combined with another aspect of this game that makes it REALLY stand out is the Acrid -LRB- alien bugs found on the lost planet -RRB- makes for some of the most fun gameplay around - fighting them is more fun than anyone could expect , especially the larger ones that tower over you . Let me give you an example
 I must say that I was not expecting the game to be as good as it is . From the huge bugs to the dum snow pirates I am enjoying the game from top to bottom , though Im not done with the game yet since I am playing on hard difficulty and it is pretty challenging , and thats coming from someone who played through gears of war on insane and beat it . I enjoy throwing a grenade into a cluster of snow pirates and hearing them scream the most . All around great game .
 Lost Planet is great in terms of gameplay as well as visuals . Battling alien life forms in this game reminds me of `` Starship Troopers '' but even better . This game is full of sci-fi action.Get it and see what the Xbox 360 can do with its raw processing power with regard to visuals , sound effects , and gameplay .
 I bought this game today -LRB- Jan 12th 2007 -RRB- , the day it came out . I quickly checked out the reviews from EGM and went out and bought it . It was an icy-freezing day outside , and was a great chance to play Lost Planet next to a warm and toasty Xbox 360 . I popped it in the drive and immedietlly was immersed into LPEC 's chilly High Def winterland . The Gameplay is sharp , graphics are the best of any 360 game yet , and you have to be quick and utilze the 90 degree turn features in order to defeat the insect like Akrid . Nice work Capcom and Havok . 5 stars
 Well i played the game and its a good challenge ... the story and graphics are greate ... THE GRAPCHICS ARE GREATTTTGive it a try , you may end up playing it more than you imagine ...
 Before buying this game I had downloaded the multi-player demo from XBox Live 's Marketplace . I really enjoyed playing Lost Planet but became increasingly frustrated * between * games while attempting to join a host . This was so frustrating , that I seriously considered not purchasing the game despite the excellent game-play . The demo interface does n't tell you how many players are currently waiting for a game to start until you actually join a host . If you decide there are not enough players and leave , you are kicked back out to the search screen and have to wait for it to search for active hosts - it does n't cache the list of hosts it had just retrieved . Also , when you complete a game , you are returned back to the lobby interface and have to search for a new host - you ca n't just stay on the same host and wait for a new game to start . Another frustration is that the majority of hosts I had attempted to join were canceled , which forced me back to the search for more hosts ... This was extremely frustrating because it seemed like I was doing more waiting than playing at times . All of these problems appear to be resolved in the retail version - games still get canceled but it 's much less frequent and happens rarely when you tend to join games that have a reasonable number of players waiting for the match to begin . I feel the developers of this game are doing themselves a real dis-service by leaving these flaws in the demo - resolving them should n't prevent people from buying the retail version since you 're limited to one map in the demo and the ones that come with the retail version are much better , in my opinion . Having said all this , I 'm quite happy with my purchase - I have n't played Gears of War or Perfect Dark Zero since Lost Planet arrived at my door . : - -RRB- PS - A previous reviewer had stated that this is a third-person perspective shooter . I ca n't remember if someone else has already commented on this but you can change your perspective to first-person if you prefer FPS type games ... UPDATE - As more people have purchased this game , I 've noticed somewhat frequent `` Game initialization failed '' errors during xbox live multiplayer mode . This is quite frustrating since you 're ejected from the game and ca n't rejoin the game you were just in the middle of . I 'd subtract a point for fun and overall rating for this annoyance , if I could , but at least Capcom acknowledges this problem and is currently working on a fix for it.UPDATE -LRB- 7/17/07 -RRB- - I just logged on for the first time in a few months and downloaded the current patch . I only played a couple matches but no sign of the error so far ...
 I 'm much more of a FPS -LRB- First Person Shooter -RRB- person to be honest , but i decided to give lost planet a try and i rather liked it a lot ! ^ ^ the gameplay style is very good , easy to aim and all , and the storyline seems a bit cartoonish , but that 's to be expected from capcom i suppose . the style of gameplay is mission based , with the ever so classic boss at the end of each mission . ^ ^ also says only on xbox 360 , but this is not the case . there is a pc port of it , however make sure you got a powerful compy first should you decide to give that a spin , as i tried it on a windows xp with 512mb ram , a 512mb geforce 8400 GS , and a pentium 4 HT processor . . went EPIC slow.definitely a good buy , give it a try if you like the shooting genre . :3
 Lost Planet is beautiful . It was great to play through the single-player game just to explore the amazing levels . The bosses at the end of the levels really make this game stand out . The bosses are big and explosive . At normal difficulty I thought it was just right for providing a challenge without getting frustrated . All XBox-360 owners should get a chance to play though the single-player game during the winter .
 This game is great , from the start you are tossed in to a fast paced action packed thrill ride . Yes this game does have some fairly difficult parts in it but that just makes it all the sweeter once you beat that nasty boss at the end of a mission . The graphics are superb and the gameplay is top notch . This game was worth every penny I payed for it .
 Capcom , you 've done it again ! The developer that brought us Resident Evil continues its excellence in the next generation . In an industry that is relying more and more on realism and sequels , Capcom bucks the trend . First they graced the 360 with Dead Rising , the most original horror game in years , and now they 've outdone themselves with the delightfully old-school shooter called Lost Planet
 This game has a very good campain . The campain is long , challenging , and the story is interesting . The multiplayer would be great but noyone really plays online . You might find an online match but its very likely that there will only be a few people . I am looking forward to buying the second Lost Panet soon .
 Well , first off let me say , this is my first `` Lost Planet '' game , so im not completely familiar with it . The gameplay is smooth , although its rather easy to get lost . The Akrid are cool , and some of the battles are pretty intense . But , there is a limited number of types of Akrid . I think 4 , maybe 5 so far ? Thats okay with me , but some may take issue with it . All in all its a fun game , but its not perfect . 4/5 .
 Very underrated game , it does n't as much attention as other greats but this is up there with some of the most fun games . I recommend this for anyone who likes action adventure games .
 There are several things I like about this game . The main one is the Vital Suits , VS , which are like big combat mechs you can ride around in and fight with , lots of fun . On the one player game the main thing I like is the huge boss battles . The bosses all look great and are fun to fight . The game has several difficulty settings . The `` normal '' mode is n't too hard but it also has a hard mode and an extremely hard mode if you 're up for a challenge . Of course the multiplayer is fun . It has different modes to keep things interesting.There are a few problems that keep this game from being better . The first is that you walk very slow . This problem is alleviated some by the use of a grapple that you can use to quickly move around in the multi-player stages , but in the one player there is n't as much to grapple on to . The second problem is the enemy AI . Even on the hardest difficulty the enemies all seem rather stupid . This makes the game on normal difficulty seem really easy , but the game can still be very difficult on the harder modes . A third problem is the story suffers a little from bad localization.The main thing that makes this game different is the use of thermal energy . In the one player game you are able to use the `` harmonizer '' to refill your health using thermal energy . In the multiplayer you do n't have this option and only use the thermal energy to power VS and energy weapons . In the one player if you run out of thermal energy you will lose health until you refill it or die , but running out in multiplayer only means you ca n't use a VS or energy weapons until you refill . You get thermal energy from every enemy you kill , from `` way points '' , and from T-energy storage containers . On multiplayer there are specific places you can stand at to fill your energy . You continue to lose thermal energy while walking around and you use even more while using a VS. This help balance out the game and you must consider your T-energy when deciding whether to use a VS or Energy weapons.Overall the good in this game out does its shortcomings . I really enjoy playing this game and would encourage people to give it a try .
 This game is pretty decent . I rented it for five days and I liked it . However , it 's not nearly as good as Halo 2 or Gears of War . I 'd say it 's the best rated-T game on the market though.I 'll start with the pros first . The gameplay is good , the graphics are exceptional -LRB- especially if you have an HDTV -RRB- , and the bosses are very good . If you are looking for a serious gaming challenge , you should definitely get this game -LRB- I was having a few problems with the game on easy mode ! -RRB- . The graphics are so realistic . It 's amazing how far the graphics in games has advanced in the past 20 + years . Finally , the bosses . The bosses are amazing . They are one of the reasons to give this game a try . The bosses range from being mechs -LRB- V-suits -RRB- to Giant Akrid -LRB- Green Eye -RRB- . When I rented this game , I could n't get past Green Eye at all . I still have n't beaten that thing . Nonetheless , the bosses are what make this game.Finally , the cons . The story is n't that good and there are n't too many weapons . The story is original , but it 's not very good . The main character -LRB- Wayne -RRB- is uninteresting and static . But , then again , who plays a game just because of the storyline anyway ? The lack of guns in this game is what really turned me off . I remember using just 4 or 5 guns and only 4 types of grenades . However , there is a plethora of V-suits that you use throughout the game . They make fighting the bosses a heck of a lot easier.All in all , I would say that the pros outweigh the cons in this game . I think the game is definitely worth renting at least .
 Lost Planet
 my friend recommended this game to me and he said this game was almost the same as monster hunter . but compare with monster hunter , this game still need to increasing on some part
 Got this game to play with online friends . Was not disappointed , graphics are great and the game is fun . Controls need getting used to but learned in no time .
 I didnt get very far in the game because I enjoy COD a bit , more I will play more and hopefully it gets better
 My family -LRB- dad and bro -RRB- really enjoy this game . While not too complex in story line the graphics are good and the twist for thermal energy is unique . I 've read the reviews that gave this game 1 stars , and their main complaint is the thermal energy . Frankly , this game was easy enough on normal not to worry too much about thermal , and I thought it really made this game special . Although needing this thermal in volcanoes or indoors does n't make too much sense , it does when you 're out there in the freezing cold ; you need something to keep you warm ! Anyway , I enjoyed this game , and the only real complaints are the story line and cheesy cut scenes . Other than that , if you like 3rd person shooters and a nice game to play , this is your pick !
 While playing this game I found the experience genuinely enjoyable for the first few hours of play . After about 3/4 through the game the game play gets a little repetitive , but still enjoyable . The plot was written well and the story is entertaining , but the voice acting is a little generic and dull . Overall the game is a nice new look on the action shooter , adding some great flavor to the genre , but the game lacks that classic replay ability that all top games have .
 In this game , you 're supposed to play a character named Wayne , who is looking for his past . The game has awesome graphic but not too awesome like Gears of War . You can get the same graphic quality on Play Station 2 . The game is combination between killing monsters , humans , and mechs . It kinda remind me of Mech Warrior . The game is not very easy although you 're in EASY mode , but you can beat it without cheat . If you have some $ 60 to spare , get this game .
 I did have high expectations of the game and most of it was was to my liking ... The story line was confusing , but does come together at the end ... Thermal energy collecting did present a to be a difficult feat at times specially with some of the bosses , but I think all in all I rather enjoyed the game
 When I played the demo of this on Live I was extremely excited . Perhaps it is the fact that Gears of War was so fantastic , but by the time I actually got my hands on Lost Planet , I was really disappointed with the gameplay.The graphics are great , as is the premise , but the sound effects lack the oomph provided in other combat games such as Rainbow Six and Gears of War . For example , the guns sound hollow , small , and fake.The gameplay is the major weakness , I think . The over the shoulder camera is pretty standard , but their implementation of it is cumbersome . The way it is set up you will continue to look in one direction no matter which way you run , which works well for firing behind yourself as you run screaming from alien bugs , but it makes the game feel more like a rail shooter.Overall , it felt very distant and sanitized . If you want a good combat game , play Gears of War . That has a much more gritty feel to it .
 PROS : Very decent graphics , no gripes hereThe physics make this game very fun , you get satisfaction from blowing the tar out of giant bug thingsSound is excellent , it sounds incredible with surroundSimple controls and gameplay allow for a very smooth running gameCONS : Online leaves alot to be desiredCutscenes are dumb and longNot worth the 60 bucks yet , more like 50Repetitive missions are sometimes annoying , do n't try to play this in one sitting
 I have owned this game from day 1 and I must say that it is by far my favorite game . I have little interest in the 1 player mode so I ca n't speak on that . But when it comes to online play ... . This game is FANTASTIC !!! I 've read that many people think that Gears of War is a better game than LP . I completely disagree . I own Gears and have spent many hours playing it . In my opinion , the only thing Gears has over LP is the actual speed of the game . Gears is a much faster paced game . Aside from that ... LP is better . There 's more variety in LP . You have access to numerous Mechanical warriors -LRB- some that transform -RRB- , probably close to 20 different weapons to choose from , grappling hook and numerous game modes including Post grab -LRB- similar to capture the flag -RRB- , Elimination -LRB- Every man for himself -RRB- , Team Elimination -LRB- 2 to 4 teams battle it out -RRB- and Fugitive -LRB- one guy gets hunted by everyone else -RRB- . This game really does bring a lot to the table . Do n't be fooled by all the Gears of War hype . This game is better !!! See ya on the Battlefield Sometime
 I have to say that i was very scepticle when purchasing this game.But when i got it home and started to play it i was sooooo amazed with how well it played and looked.The game does offer alot of excitment . What i love is that , you are not just fighting one thing or alien but humans as well . The boss battles are simply amazing , the challenge is great . Now i gave it an overall for only one reason ... THE STORY ! Its o.k. but it needed alot of work . It really seems to leave stuff out of it . I love the game . You can not go into this game and think that its like Quake or any other straight forward shooter . Play it like Gears of war or fear . Ypull need to be tactfull . There will be times youll have to really battle a group of humans and akrid and nevec all at the same time . The game is a must buy , if you can live with the so-so story . Again it plays greats and looks awesome .
 Lost Planet
 Campaign Length-People can call it short all they want , but the fact is most games these days have short singleplayer campaigns , unless it 's an rpg . Especially first person and third person shooter titles . The industry keeps popping out short lived games , and we keep buying . For the record I purchased Lost Planet a few days after release , and i just beat Mission 6 yesterday . It 's not because I suck , it 's merely bc I do n't play the game for hours on end and beat it in one sitting like many people do . For people like myself who log an hour or two a night , sometimes only a 4/7 nights of the week , the game will last quite a bit . It 's really only short for those people who sat down for 10 hours and beat it in one day . If you have that much time to play in a day , you should really get into MMO 's that your type of game tongueGraphics - It 's far from the best , however , anyone who claims the game looks `` bad '' is a moron . It 's definitely one of the better looking titles out , not to mention keeps much steadier framerates than some other titles . The multiplayer character designs could have used some work , aside from that it 's a pretty solid game visually/graphically . Story - As I said , I 'm only on the 6th mission , but the story has a good plot to it , however , obvious , stupid , and carless flaws and loopholes , that could have been easily fixed.One example
 I really liked the landscapes . Good action . The background story is a little weak , but still fun . Have n't played a lot of PS3 games yet , but for what it 's worth I could just pick up the controller and start shooting without having to know 400 key commands .
 This game has amazing graphics and is really a lot of fun to play . So this is not a negative review , plus I have yet to use the Xbox live component , which I have heard is impressive . However , as far as the single player mode is concerned , the game is weak on a few fronts and you might want to rent it before buying1 . -RRB- The story is really crappy - lame dialogue - pointless missions - and undeveloped characters . The developers were going for Sci-Fi action , but the storyline comes out as Anime . The characters are completely forgettable and in most cases annoying .2 . -RRB- The missions , and there are not too many of them , are simple and Boss-oriented . They all seem to follow the same formula - ascend corridor - > fight boss , climb ridge - > fight boss3 . -RRB- The game is not strategic or tactical like Gears of War or COD . This is a `` run-and-gun '' shooter -- that is there is not much `` taking cover '' or flanking and a lot of running around and circle strafing bosses.So while this game is fun , you might want to rent for the 3 reasons above . Plus you could probably play through this game in a couple of nights . If you do n't intend to use the multiplayer options -LRB- online only - no split screen -RRB- you might want to rent or pick it up used .
 I read the other reviews but I toataly disagree with them , LOST PLANET RULES !!! It is one of my favorite games . I will list the good and the bad below.THE GOOD1.Has extremely good graphics .2 . Has 11 levels .3 . Can control a vs -LRB- Vital Suits -RRB- on go on foot .4 . A assortment of weapons and Vital Suits.The Bad1 . No co-op . I think you should buy this game because it is one of the best games ever made ! Thank you capcom !
 Lost Planet - Extreme Condition is a classic run-and-gun game set on a frozen planet . This is n't a game of stealth or strategy . You see , you shoot , you move on.There is a plot here - but it 's really best to ignore it . You , a young teen guy , are battling either ice monsters or other clans of pirates . Sometimes you fight both simultaneously . Missions in essence tell you - `` go here , kill everything '' . Part of the fun is that you get to fight both on foot and inside a mech , hopping in and out whenever the whim takes you . This gives you a nice variety of weapons to choose from . Now , I have to comment that for a space-age distant planet colony , these weapons seem pretty modern times . You would think they would have progressed to laser cannons and plasma rifles as their sole weapons by now . I do like the grapple hook , though . It gave a fun , Zelda-like aspect to many of the levels.To add to the arcadey feel , your health naturally depletes over time and the only way to stay alive is to collect replenishing energy . Silly ? Perhaps . But no more silly than most other arcade games and the reasons they give for you to collect objects.What 's really impressive here is the way that large enemies seem `` massive '' . You really get the sense that these are giant , ponderous beasts with weight and heft . The designers did a good job with enemy design and boss battles . From the small , intricate flying beasties to the larger main enemies , each creature is enjoyable to fight . Speaking of Zelda , you even get Goron-like rolling rock monsters.But , to diverge into the storyline for a brief moment , is n't it a bit troubling that man-kind has decided to land on a super-snowy -LRB- i.e. not ideal -RRB- planet - and when it found indigenous life there - decided that the appropriate action was therefore to wipe it all out ? Surely if we 're going to be on a hostile-environment planet anyway , we could find one without current inhabitants ... I also wish they had in-home multiplayer . Playing online on XBox Live is all fine and good , but with the relatively short built in missions , I 'd really like to play co-op with a friend against them , and crank it up to super hard . That would be a ton of fun . I love playing this type of game multiplayer co-op , and for them to not even have that as an option seems a great shame.So a nice start - but I 'd like to see a Lost Planet 2 with a better plotline , better weapons , and co-op play .
 I put Lost Planet
 I have to admit that I was very pleasantly surprised with this game . I have read all the negative reviews and I was very dubious about buying it , but since my wife got it for me and it only cost 20 bucks I figured it was worth popping it in for a spin . The story was slow getting you into the game and it is very jumpy and final fantasy esc in some of the mannerisms and dialogue , and it makes very little sense to this point.Despite some poor directing with the voice actors and some plot issues , or lack of plot , the game is really fun . I do n't mind the thermal energy thing , there are usually plenty of ways to fill up , and the in-game action so far has been really impressive . I just got done playing GOW and in some ways I think Lost Planet has it beat ... in few ways , but some . The explosions are amazing , the graphics are impressive , and the creatures are incredibly fun to fight . It is n't realistic , but it is just dang fun to be blown thirty feet through the air and then get up firing at some giant ice dragon.The game is not without its flaws but it is still a good game , especially for the price we paid . It is defiantly worth renting to see if you like it , or buy it cheap . Maybe with the exception of individuals who ca n't stand games that are timed or where you have to collect things , I usually do n't like those types myself , but this one does n't bother me . Whatever you do , do n't buy it if your in the mood for a good , engaging plot with quality voice acting , you wont find it here ... or I would have given it 5 stars .
 I do n't really like TPS -LRB- Third Person Shooters -RRB- as much as FPS -LRB- First Person Shooters -RRB- and mecha does n't thrill me -LRB- I hated Mechassault -RRB- but this one does a pretty decent job.PROS : - excellent graphics , good environments , snow , smoke , etc - some fantastic fire fights - multitudes of enemies and bosses all with there own behaviors and characteristics gradually introduced to you throughout the game - tons of work put into the cut-scenes -LRB- as much as a half-hour or an hour or so - almost like a mini-movie -RRB- and you can thankfully bypass them ! - decent amount of weapon variety with there own characteristics ; you can also detach mecha weapons and drag them around - decent length to the game - although a TPS , you can zoom in with many weapons to make it appear as if you 're in an FPS -LRB- although certain actions like reloading will throw you back into TPS -RRB- . - vehicles - the game shines here . It 's a mecha game -LRB- they call it a V-suit -RRB- so you get a lot of different things to operate . Big boss anime-style mecha toward the end . - decent button/stick configurations -LRB- although no exact mapping -RRB- - never had to consult the internet because of some glitch or something I was required to do that was n't intuitive.CONS : - No save anywhere -LRB- though for the most part you will not need it -RRB- - the entire game bends on you collecting thermal energy -LRB- like collecting health packs or armor -RRB- or you die , but there is so much of it laying around that it never affects game play . There is no dire urgency to collect it much of the time . Plus , collecting 100 bits of it scattered all over the battlefield is rather annoying . Why not have the game require you to collect 1 pool of the stuff every so often . - camera is n't always cooperative . your view will occasionally go off into a place you did n't want it to . - main protagonist character acting leaves much to be desired . Plus he 's a bit of a puss and never hits on any of the hot anime chicks in the cut-scenes . 10 million cut scenes and he never even gets to first base.I 'm going to place the story/plot somewhere in the middle even though I did n't really get into it . They put a lot of effort into it -LRB- you can tell with all the cut-scenes -RRB- and it 's a little unfair to criticize games for bad or non-stories -LRB- Doom3 did n't need one -RRB- . Overall a good combo of mecha/TPS .
 I got this as a gift and found it was quite playable and entertaining on my Palm M130 . Unlike SimCity , which is a real strain on the small screen , this game seems well-suited to the Palm 's size and shape .
 I play Scrabble every day , and it 's a joy to finally have a version I can play solo on the train to work . This is a decent version of the board game . -LRB- The Windows CE version looks much better , however -RRB- . If you know the game already you will be able to figure out how the Palm version is laid out , if not -- there is ample help and you 'll pick it up quickly . The computer opponent is very challenging . The Players dictionary and rules are complete . -LRB- And always remember
 The DS graphics make of this a very well done game . It combines the stylus movements with the buttons without making it hard or complicated.The story is whole new and the gameplay is great.One of its downsides is that , unlike past Pokemon games , here you ca n't take pokemon with you through the game , they will only help you once and then they 're gone.You will only have one Pokemon partner at all times , and you ca n't chose it its pluse for girls and minun for boys , those are the only downsides here.It ' a a fun game to past free time and will entertain kids for hours , the downsides are minimal if you compare them to the good points . Overall a good game .
 When I got it I was really really excited ! My Friend got it for Christmas and let me try it out , and I loved it . But some pokemon are really hard to catch like Charzard ! I wish they didnt have that weird pokemon band though , it was soooooooooooooooo boring ! The intro was long , but the action part was short and I wish they had made it longer ! But over all , it was awsome !
 According to my 10 year old son this game is awesome . He said it is one of the better Pokemon games out there . He likes the fact that you get to use the DS stylus quite a bit for this game . He has a friend who has this game and they network their DS systems and have a blast . There is no Pokemon battling in this one , but what my son calls an `` adventure '' , is that you have missions to complete to get to the next level .
 Pokemon Ranger rules ! It has a complex story line and is challengeing , too ! Though it can be a bit frusterating -LRB- because it is so challenging -RRB- it is great if you 'll work hard at it ! My friends and I love this game , and I bet you will too !
 This game is great for just sitting around and having fun . I love the way you go on missions and do what people tell you to do . It is very fun seeing what the eccentric npcs want you to do . I also enjoy capturing pokemon with the styler as it adds a new challenge to capture . I am looking forward to -LSB- ... -RSB- releasing the code for the Manaphy egg mission . Overall , I give this game five out of five because it is very fun to play !
 My son so happy for this game.He 's always playing and have fun for that game.I gave to him as my gift on his birthday.Thank you so much for nice and excellent service you have .
 I LOVE POKEMON AND I ALWAYS WILL ! I CA N'T BELIEVE THAT ONE PERSON GAVE THIS GAME ONE STAR !!! THEY ARE N'T A TRUE POKEMON FAN !!!! POKEMON 4EVA !!!
 I do not own the game , but I have read several reviews , so I can only give the game three stars since I 've never played it . So whats it about ? You capture pokemon with a new device thing , woo hoo . I am a true pokemon fan , I have been playing games and trading cards since I was 3 . I am now ten , but I 'd like to know what the games actually about before I buy it .
 A lot of fun . Worth buying . Alittle confusing but that is the point of the game . I would recommend it . I have had it for awhile and I still enjoy it .
 This game , was really fun to play I haver heards my friends that they dislike it in all aspects of the game , but when I played I simple loved , like also how I needed to catch the pokemons and all , finished the ame within 4 days , and it was really good ^_^
 Pokemon Ranger is a fun an exciting new way to play Pokemon . I do n't need to go on much about the gameplay itself as the product description does that on its own , so I 'll just get down to the basics
 My son wanted this game as a Christmas gift ... I ordered it from Amazon and had it delivered for the same price I could have bought from anywhere else.Thanks Amazon !
 My son absolutely loves this game and plays it constantly . I am very satisfied in my purchase .
 As a hardcore Pokemon fan , I found Pokemon Ranger to be a fun game . Although it can get repatitive at times , I 'm really enjoying it so far . It makes good use of the stylus , which is nice to see the DS 's potential on occassion . If you like pokemon then pick this one up , its a good one for the collection .
 This product was received in excellent condition very quickly ... helps mom keep within budget & stay popular!THANK YOU !
 I 've been told that the game is a bit too short , but I have not beat it yet , so I 'm still enjoying it . It 's a very interesting concept that you have to draw circles around the Pok&eacute;mon until it 's successfully befriended . In the other games I always thought `` Is n't it kind of mean taking a Pok&eacute;mon away from its wild home and making it listen to you ? '' I always put it off . But in this game , they get to go back to where they came from , so that there are no hard feelings . ; -RRB-
 Hours of fun and lots of challenges . Its keeps my kids very busy . they love playing this game for the challenges .
 This is n't as good as the other Pokemon games on the market . Gameplay is a bit boring at times . Nice collection of Pokemon , but ultimately the only reason I spent so much time on the game is to get a Manaphy for my Pearl and Diamond games .
 I 'M NOT A FAN OF POKEMON AT ALL . -LRB- JUST 4 THE RECORD -RRB- MY FRIEND PATRICK B. HAD RECOMENDED THE GAME 4 ME.WHEN I FINALLY GOT IT I WAS IMPREASED.I THOUGHT IT HAD GOOD USE OF THE DS 'S CAPABILITIES.WHAT HAPPENS IS YOU A KID WHO WANTS TO BECOME A RANGER.A RANGER IS SOMEONE WHO PROTECTS POKEMON.AS YOU ADVANCE THROUG THE GAME YOUR SKILL LEVEL GOES UP.I HOPE YOU ENJOY !
 ~ I love using the touch screen when capturing the pokemon ! It 's way more different than the old Pokemon games ... you do n't get to keep the Pokemon . You catch and release them after they 've helped you ... I love it !!! This is a MUST-HAVE for your Christmas list , you wo n't regret it !
 Fun game , though your hand gets tired from drawing circles all the time .
 This game is not what mainstream gamers like , but this game was in good condition . Used , but it included a usable Club Nintendo points and USABLE Manaphy I can transfer to Pokemon Diamond/Pearl .
 this is a very good game . it 's better than other pokemon games because your not haeming the pokemon the storie line is good but short . the game is n't realy over though intill you capture snorelax -LRB- that should be enough of a hint -RRB- i just got shadow of almia and cant wait to get it . you use the styls to circle the pokemon so you can befreind them.great game , and worth getting
 I 've played this before i bought it off of amazon and just wanted to add it back to my collection . it was a cool thing when it first came out but as the series progressed yeah it was not as cool as the rest . I still wanted it back in my collection tho .
 This game is really good , from touch screen usage to capture pokemon to each pokemons special abilities . Personally , my favorite part is that you can get a Manaphy and send it to your Pokemon Diamond or Pearl.The storyline is good , and you still have things to do after the game is over . After you do that , then there is nothing to do .
 This is the BEST games ever ! I cought a lot of pokemon . Definitely not boring and great value for the price paid . Anyone interested in POKEMON must have this game in their collection ! This is a KEEP game .
 The gift was for my son for Christmas . He seems to be happy with the game .
 OK , just ignore the fact that this game is Pokemon-based for a moment . DS games are fun because the stylus allows for new types of gameplay and games that use this feature in novel ways are fast becoming a trademark for Nintendo , who can sell truckloads of DS units for each PSP that is sold . Why ? Well , rather than try to make PS2 games work on a tiny unit that ca n't process the polygons or duplicate the controls , Nintendo wisely decided to make new , fun games for the DS and leave direct ports to GBA carts that DS owners could also pick up if they want some old-school action . This concept of fun leads into the review of Pokemon Rangers.The premise is fairly easy , since Pokemon products are targeted at kids . You 're a male or female Pokemon Ranger neophyte , fresh in from the sticks and ready for training . Your job is to basically assist people and Pokemon whenever they need it and defend Pokemon from greedy and neglectful individuals . The intro is a bit long , but it 's good to get the basics and story down . You have a special Ranger tool called the `` Capture Styler '' that can , with your effort and goodwill , impart a calming emotion to wild or upset Pokemon and calm them down . This is the entire capturing concept . Once you 've captured the Pokemon , its info is registered in the browser on the top screen and you can have the Pokemon follow you around . Captured Pokemon can be used in several ways
 Ranger is n't your typical Pokemon game . Yes , you go around and capture Pokemon as usual , but you do n't ` battle ' like in games past . Instead you use your stylus to ` capture ' your Pokemon friends . You do n't keep them for the whole game either , you 'll only use them to help you on missions and then they are released . It 's a totally different Pokemon game than in the past , but it 's still lots of fun ! It 's a little short though , only about 10 hours for the main story . You can still go back once you beat the game and do a few special missions or try to ` catch em all ' and fill your browser if you 're so inclined . There 's also a special mission to unlock and capture a Manaphy egg once you beat the game . Once you have the egg , you 'll be able to transfer it over to the new Pokemon Pearl or Diamond and hatch your very own Manaphy . It 's going to be the only way to ` catch ' Manaphy in Diamond and Pearl .
 This is a terrific game . The graphics are stunning , the story is solid , and the characters are well animated . I got this for my birthday and love playing it . Pokemon Ranger is an outstanding addition to the ever-growing family of Pokemon RPG games because of its originality and engaging storyfor all to enjoy . Awesome game !
 This game is more structured than the pokemon RPGs , but it is still quite fun . Capturing pokemon is fairly easy , and I really like how much you can use the ds stylus . I would recommend this game to any pokemon fan , and if you have never played a pokemon game , I would recommend this as a good introduction to the franchise because it is -LRB- so far - I am not finished yet -RRB- a simpler game and does n't require as much patience to build up a collection of pokemon .
 This game is a whole new take on the pokemon universe . Before your only goal was to catch every pokemon you could , this however you do n't catch pokemong you simply borrow them . This game has it drab elements , and so of the quests are really long an pointless for no reason , but in the end this is a good game . People of all ages will enjoy it , including parents who though pokemon games where to violent.The game features no fighting at all , instead pokemon are captured with what they call a capture styler , and then asked to preform various tasks . This makes the game a lot more challangeing acutally .
 This is a gift for may son and he loves it ...
 This game was very fun ! It keeps me buisy even after the story line is over , just like the other quality pokemon games ! It uses the DS touch screen for a brand new twist . You must use the screen to draw circles around the pokemon to befriend them not capture them . You can use the stylis to move around and select things , or is your hand gets tired , you can use the traditional buttons ! I use the bottuns when the car is bumping around and moveing my hand . Great game ! simple to understand , east to use . another quality product from the pokemon people.PS Stay away fro Red and blue rescue team . It realy stinks and is boring . I did n't know that the pokemon people could actually come out with something bad , but that ones a rotton egg ! its pretty boring .
 Pokemon Ranger was a very good game . I liked the twist to it . Its not just some kid who goes around around stealing pokemon from the wild . The Pokemon actually go back to there `` natural habitat '' after using them . Also to all you people out there saying that the bad people are Team GoGo there not !!!!! ITS THE GO-ROCK SQUAD !!!!! Well over all the game was fun a little easy but fun .
 I would have given it 5 stars but it was too hard and it 's still hard even after I finished it . I would recommend it for ages 6 and up and they probably should know how to read in fact you should know how to read to play any pokemon game and I know because I have a little brother and he ca n't read and is always asking for help , it 's very annoying !!! Haley S. -LRB- age 9 -RRB-
 The person I got it for loves it and ca n't put it down
 have not played it myself but have n't seen my 8 yr old in about 3 days so I guess it 's a great game !
 My son was also thrilled with this game ! Just what he was expecting from a nintendo ds game !
 When we received our great grandsons santa list we were happy to find this item availabe on our computer . Luckily we are still able to shop on line and Amazon had the item ! He loves it and we are so happy you shipped it so quickly .
 My teenage daughter has been a pokemon fan since she was in first grade . This game was one of the things she wanted for Christmas ! She really likes the way the storyline changes and it adds a new perspective to the game . It departs from the traditional Ash-Pikachu duo and introduces the `` Pokemon Rangers '' . Pokemon fans of all ages will definitely like it ... . My daughter will probably give it 5 stars ...
 My niece loves it , she has seen the optional book before , but according to her , you can figure it yourself , it 's more fun .
 Well , I 'm getting this game , and I think it is going to be a blast . I 'm a true pokemon fan . The reason to me why gamefreak made this is because of the Manaphy egg . Manaphy is one of those new pokemon in the soon upcoming game , Diamond and Pearl . Only some , or a lot , of people know about this , its been rumored that you have to put a special code to get the Manaphy egg . Note , you have to transfer the Manaphy egg to Diamond or Pearl to make it hatch .
 Pokemon Ranger was a definite hit with all the kids in my neighborhood !
 My godson loved this game.He requested this game for his birthday , Thanks .
 I would sure like to find a Tri Peaks Solitaire game with these great graphics that will work on my new Windows 7 computer
 I was playing pyrimid on line but you always run out of lives and they want you to buy more which is such a scam , so i tried to buy that software but they do n't sell it so I looked for something I could own that was just as much fun . i found this program and decided to try it and I was very glad I did . It is not the same as the pyrimid I loved but it is a much less irritating game . I would recomend it anyone who loves that or any card game , it is addictive .
 When I got this game back in 1988 I could n't get enough of it . Oh how I miss the simplicity . Games have come a long way but I have yet to enjoy one as much as have this game . Beware of my nostalgia though . This may have been the best game ever at the time , but oh how times have changed . If they ever decided to update this game with modern graphics and sound , then it again would be the best game ever . Do yourself a favor and try to get your hands on it.Thou hast strayed far from the path of virtue ... P.S. . You ca n't beat Iolo 's camp tune with the harpsicord !!!!
 My 2 year old son enjoys this game a great deal . It has a huge amount of content -- with 4 complete Blue 's Clues games . Along with that , there are little side games like finding noisemakers , drawing pictures , and completing puzzles . Some of those you have to hunt a bit for , but that 's part of the fun ! Steve is a big part of this game , which is nice , as a lot of Blue 's Clue merchandise does n't include him , and that always disappoints my boys -- they are big Steve fans ! I would say the age guidelines -LRB- ages 3-6 -RRB- are just about right , but my 2 year old enjoys it anyway -- just does n't totally get how to hunt for clues . You can set the level of how hard you want it to be to find clues . Certainly worth the reasonable price !
 my three kids , ages 4,6,8 all liked this software . they liked playing the games before they got all the clues . there are lots of interesting click points . the birthday card activity was really neat . my only complaint is that going from one room to another is slow and some of the clues seem hard to find . overall all though , a good buy , wholesome and entertaining .
 If your kids love Blue , they 'll enjoy this as long as they are patient . Children who like things to move at 90 mph will be frustrated because it is painfully slow when it changes scenes . Having said that , it is still a great game . It is packaged with 2 CD 's which make up 4 different games all ending at Blue 's party . It helps to have a Mom or Dad around to help guide them through the things that they need to look for -LRB- the book will tell you what to look for . -RRB- Many clues are hiding behind something and kids need to solve a problem in order to get to the clue . The hints can be very subtle . It does not allow you to adjust the level of difficulty though so I would imagine that it may become boring faster than some others -LRB- too soon to tell . -RRB-
 Good freedom of play within game , lots of fun surprises . Our 8 year-old loves it too .
 I bought this for my son right before his 3rd birthday . After playing this game once , he has figured out how to navigate through the program and the computer without help.Forget actually finding the clues because the fun part is clicking on the background objects in each scene to see what they do . -LRB- My son cracks up every time he clicks on the pig to see him dump his face in the mud and go `` oink oink '' -RRB- Even the balloons pop if you click on them . Some of the games are appropriate for even a 3 year old too.My son is learning how to use a computer and playing with his favorite character , Blue too . Maybe he 'll get to the clues next year but for now , this keeps him well entertained when I 'm cooking dinner or just needing a break !
 If your child likes the TV Show he/she will enjoy this game . My 5 year old loves to find the clues and play the games . He only wishes , that Steve would move faster from room to room !
 I have a 3 year old and a 4 year old . This game will keep thier attention for hours , taking turns and working together . It is great because EVERYTHING does something when you click on it . It keeps thier attention and they do n't even realize they are learning . I am currently looking for more comperable games . Any suggestions ?
 My 3 1/2 year old daughters really enjoy this game . They received it a few months ago for a Christmas present . The software is rather slow going from scene to scene , but it does n't seem to bother my daughters . They have enjoyed solving the problems in each of the 4 games -LRB- you usually have to find something that a character needs in order for them to show you the clue -RRB- . There are also some fun activities in each game -LRB- like hide and go seek in one game -RRB- . Overall , very good software for children . They have been able to do it completely on their own without a problem .
 This game is great my three year old Daughter loves it . She gets frustrated when she goes from screen to screen it does take some time . She finds the clues , and is very plased with herself . I highly recommend it .
 It is a great game and you get 2 cds , 4 games in all . Its like the movie you search for clues . There are 3 level which makes it more fun , my 8 year old daughter had fun . It can be played by 5 to 9 years .
 My daughter -LRB- 2 1/2 -RRB- is an avid Blue 's fan , and this was our first computer software purchase for her . While she enjoys it immensely , she is also frustrated by the wait time -LRB- she keeps telling Steve to hurry up and move into the next scene . -RRB- I am not very pleased with the sound quality . The songs go much faster than the graphics , thus Steve is finished moving well before the music is finished playing . Overall I find it engaging for her level and if you have the extra cash recommend it if your child likes Blue .
 My 3 yr old son loves this 2-cd rom game . It 's very educational and it keeps his interest . He gets so excited when he finds the clues . Everytime I look he 's playing this game . His alphabet & number comprehension has improved alot . 5 stars from me !!
 I was happy to find the game after all this time of not seeing it . Seller was quick and game was recieved in excellent condition .
 I 'm about to buy this game again . Lately , I realized how cheap my favorites had become , and I wanted a few of them around the house when my sisters kids came over . Plus , a trip down good old memory lane would n't be a bad thing either . This game taught me how to type . I hated my typing class , but was the second best student in it . I relearned how to type in that lame class . And college was pitiful . You do n't need typing classes in school anymore . This game ruled when it came to learning how to play . We had sound on the computer , but for some odd reason I never got them to talk . I tried , tried , and tried ... 20 years later , I 'm still trying to get that thing to get the voices and battery to work properly . All in all , the game is great . It is addicting for Super Mario fans . Older kids may not appreciate , but others will and those beginning to type . Anyway , great for a game of its day . I 'm sure when I get it again , I 'll get hooked back on it .
 This game offers fun interaction with the Civil War in Gettysburg ! And nothing is like Jane 's simulation experoence . I know I have Jane 's F-15 which is one of the best fighter flying game around ! This collection of games rock !
 In this collection , Maxis has bundled together some of their least popular titles . All of them are classics , however ! When SimCopter was first released , it sold for thirty dollars in stores , and it 's still a pretty good game -- especially if you have SimCity . That one game alone makes this bundle a great purchase ! Do n't forget about Streets of SimCity -- it 's a similar game to SimCopter , except you 're driving cars through your Cities , not flying a ` copter . I would recommend this series to anyone who enjoys the Sim games , or who 's just starting out with simulation games .
 I just bought SimMania yesterday . I 'm a 13 year old girl , and for the most part , I really enjoyed SimMania ! Here 's how I rated each game
 First of all , I would just like to write that four of the six games in this boxed set are playable on a Macintosh
 These games are old and it really shows in the graphics and sound quality but in saying that the game play is still current . As with most of the ` Sim ' games , they have a mindless enjoyable quality about them . If you enjoy ` Sim ' games then you 've probably already played one or two of the games in the collection . The great things about these games are their replay-ability . You can play them again and again with each a game differing as you build your sim -LRB- city , island , tower etc -RRB- . Of the collection I really did n't like Sim Copter or Streets of Sim city , which are more like vehicle simulators than building simulators . I would n't even bother installing them ; 0 -LRB- After all if your looking for a vehicle simulator you can certainly find something much better out there .
 I stumbled across this set quite by accident , and being the Sim addict I am , I just HAD to buy it ! I already had half of the games , but the price was worth it just for the others . The one thing I 'm not crazy about is the lack of printed manuals , but for these prices , you ca n't have everything . There is full documentation on the CDs themselves , so if you have a printer , it 's easy enough to create your own reference manuals . If you 'd like a more than reasonably priced introduction to Sim Games , this set is a must have : D
 If your a parent or a kid , get this if you 've got a wide variety of tastes in games . Two classic building games , Sim City and Sim Tower are addictive , while Sim Isle and Sim Safari and just fun to watch and play around with . Streets Of Sim City and Sim Copter I 'd reccommend for guys , or girls who like action games . If you 've got a boy and a girl in the house , I really reccomend this set of fab games !
 Okay , first warning
 I gave these games 4 stars becouse they are fun for the whole family with sim copter for the kids and sim tower for the adults this game is great vaulue 1 year ago you would have to buy all these games seperate and each one costing the same price so buy buy buy !!! PoPkOrN
 These games are a bargain , but they are old . Here are how I rated the games : Sim City-It is OK , it is n't really that great 3/5Sim Tower-The one game that makes buying this worth while 5/5Sim Isle-Can ' t play it so 0/5Sim Safari-Very babyish , not really worth it 1/5Streets of Sim City-It 's OK , all though it really has a low replay value 3/5Sim Copter-Choppy graphics , but the game itself is pretty good 4/5
 Sim Mania is an excellent game pack from the creators of the original Sim City . This pack includes six fantastic simulation games from Maxis and Electronic Arts incorporated . Games include the original Sim City , Sim Tower , Sim Isle , Sim Safari , Sim Copter , and Streets Of Sim City . Most of the games in this pack are simple to figure out but Sim Isle takes a little more time and effort . The original Sim City is the beginning of the Maxis Sim game series . In Sim Tower , you are a building owner and a construction worker to create the building . You have the choice of making it an office building , hotel suite , condo complex , and a restaraunt facility . In Sim Isle , you are in charge of creating an island and hiring people to maintain the island . In Sim Safari , you are in charge of creating a Safari park in Africa . You get to place the animals that you desire in the park and designing the camp site . This game is especially good for those who enjoy animals and the wildlife . Sim Copter is an exciting game where you are the pilot of a rescue helicopter . You are responsible for clearing traffic jams , fighting fires , reporting crimes , transporting people from one area of the town to another , rescuing people from rooftops and turned over boats , and getting injured people to the hospital . Streets of Sim City is a great game for those who enjoy high speed auto games as well as a little bit of shoot 'em up and bang 'em up action . If you do decide to purchase this product , you will have hours of computer entertainment .
 It 's hard to find fun games these days that do n't have too much violence , profanity , or immorality . I just like a simple , fun , classic game . Sim Mania has them all
 I bought this for sim tower , sim copter and sim isle . Brings back memories . Have to run a program to make sim copter stable but otherwise it is an awesome buy .
 You ca n't beat a deal like this ... six classic games in one package at a low , low price ! If you 're a fan at all of the Sim series you 'll love this game pack .
 Some of thies games may seem unplayable but if you dont know how.SIM CITY
 This is a really cool product . In Sim City classic you can make youre own city by building a Power Plant -LRB- Coal or Nuclear -RRB- and laying Power lines , Making residentail , commercail , and industrial zones , laying out Roads and Railroads , and keeping sims happy by building Parks , Stadiums , Police and Fire Stations , and Ports -LRB- Seaports and airports -RRB- . I highly recommend Sim City classic to Windows 3.1 Users who ca n't afford to upgrade their computers . And in Sim Safari you can make you 're own safari camp and park and Higher workers from a nearby village to work in you 're camp . The other games are pretty fun to but can get quite frusterating since I 've never gotten a Surplus in Sim Tower or Sim Isle and I 've only made it past one level in Sim copter and the streets of Sim City . However , if you 're really good at Simulation games i would definitly reccomend them all to you .
 This sim game is exelent . 6 games for the price of 1 is what i was like . i did n't know amazon had better prices than the store and it does by far . I love sim tower that is one of my favorite games . I love sim mania i hope i can buy it .
 I thought simcity classic and simtower where to great games its actually kind of weird to get them for $ 20 plus 4 other games i have never played before . For Simtower Simcity i could of easly spent $ 30 on um ' Simcity = the greatest game made where you have controll of eveything Simtower = simcity GREAT The others i have never played
 Half of this pack was fun -LRB- Sim City 2000 , Sim Copter , and Streets of Sim City -RRB- and the other half was boring . Sim City 2000 is a fun program - you get to build your own city ! Streets of Sim City is fun because you get to drive your car around and around your own citys ! Sim Copter is fun if you like that kind of program !!
 The sim mania pack is a very good product to buy . Even due to it 's mediochre graphics it is still great because of the great variety of differant places which you can control . This is also a greatprice .
 This game is for you is you have alot of time . You will get addicted to everyone of the games ! Buy this game it is cool !
 These games are really fun to play , the Need for Speed III , Nascar and GT really rocks these games are more fun when played with the Microsoft Freestyle Pro , it 's like being in the drivers seat . They all have great cars to drive and the graphics and the race tracks area really fun to drive .
 thanx to the gamer from hawaii - I bought this on his sole reccomendation , maybe not the wisest thing to do - -LRB- the Porsche Need for Speed was out of stock , so I bought this -RRB- - this game was cheap I admit - the NASCAR series is fine and somewhat fun - sometimes my Microsopft force feedback does not give any feedback even on the max setting so I am not sure about that - anyhow - the Need for Speed game is kindof bogus - the response to your steering is like it is delayed or something - you start a turn and it seems like it does n't move - then it finally does turn rapidly and you try to correct it then repeating the same phenomena - pretty soon your girating back and forth like a drugged out zombie trying to correct the motion of the vehicle from left to right and right to left , etc. - I 've tried many settings , calibration , etc. to try to correct this occurence but to no avail - anyhow - I like the hotpursuit feature and it could be fun - but again I ca n't get the steering properly adjusted so that I have a decent chance - Again the NASCAR game is good and I do n't know about the third one `` GT '' as I have n't installed it yet - good luck
 This is a mixed bag of sims that I owned separately . The interesting thing is that while `` F-15 '' and `` WWII Fighters '' are incredibly detailed , `` Commanche '' is a pure Novalogic product - content to offer lovely graphics and implausible flight modeling . Based on the US Army 's Commanche stealth gunship/recon chopper that has n't seen combat and -LRB- in real life -RRB- looks hard to believe , `` Commanche '' the game seems impossible to judge . Are its space-age handling qualities and next-generation sensor suite an accurate reflection of a futuristic machine ? Or perhaps Novalogic is merely finding a niche for people intrigued by the idea of rotary-winged flight , but convinced that all helicopter sims are as intimidating as `` Jane 's Longbow '' . I could n't get into it because , having played Novalogic 's `` F-22
 These games are astounding . If spectacular graphics in Jane 's F-15 and Jane 's World War II Fighters is n't enough , bring into consideration the great gameplay for everybody . It has great single player missions , and if you want more , challenge your friends , or foes , to a dogfight in multiplayer mode across an Internet , LAN , or IPX connection , or , team up and take on the extremely challenging computer 's AI . From 88 milimeters to Wirbelwinds , Mig 's to P-470s , Commanches to F-15s , and more , this compilation is the way to go.Although Novalogic 's Commanche Gold does n't have quite the graphics , and can be hard to control , and Jane 's F-15 is somewhat complicated at first , the game I have gotten the most out of is WWII Fighters , because of it 's simple controls and commands , -LRB- balanced perfectly for both those who like it plain and simple , and those who like it complex -RRB- and fantastic gameplay . Though , do n't get me wrong , they are all great games.To sum it up , I would say these are probably the best flight simulator games that you can get and the gameplay is wonderful
 If you have ever wanted to try Ultima Online , but were scared off by the horror stories of horrible lag , P -LRB- layer -RRB- K -LRB- illers -RRB- s around every corner , and buggy , incomplete programming , UO : Rennissance is your chance to give this game a shot . This latest version of UO is probably as good as the game has ever been , or ever will be . Origin has solved the PK problem by dividing Brittania into two different `` dimensions ''
 Like Diablo ? You 're likely to find UO : REN just as enjoyable if not more so . One of the other reviews complained that there was no goal to the game . To me , that 's a plus , not a minus . When I played Diablo on Battle.net , I was frustrated by how easy the game was in an online scenario . Dupes , hacks , PKs , and not-so-rare rare items made the game a waste of time . Give me an hour , and I 'll build the most powerful Diablo character you 've ever seen . On the other hand ... UO : REN offers a game that is very similar to Diablo in it 's format and style , but very different in the gameplay . Gone are the dupes and hacks , you 've got more options for skills and stats , your character can look exactly the way you want it to look -LRB- you can dye fabrics -RRB- . A touch of realism is never a bad thing ... if you 're an archer , you 'll run out of arrows . If you 're a wizard , you 'll run out of spell components . Armor and weapons break down and need repairing . Horses , ships , and player-owned houses add to the fun . If you get bored with adventuring , retire and open a shop . When you get bored with that , go back on the road . Blizzard shouted that with Diablo II comes 4 new towns and dungeons beneath each , with some wilderness in between . The game supports 8 people in multiplayer games . UO : REN offers more than 10 major cities , half a dozen dungeons , a continent of unexplored wilderness , and the ability to play with a few thousand people at a time . Times 2 ! You 've got 2 dimensions -LRB- Trammel and Felucca -RRB- on each server . I was looking forward to Diablo II until I discovered UO : REN - and I do n't need 950MB of free disk space like D.II requires.Look for me on the Chesepeake shard , I have two characters there , Riverwind and Raistlin . I usually hang around the town of Vesper .
 People are still screaming Everquest , but it 's nothing compared to UO . Sure , the graphics are a little better . Whoopie . UO is easier to get started in , has alot less lag , and is simply more fun . After playing for 7 months , i still have n't lost intrest in this great game . You have to determine the game flow for yourself . There is no real goal -LRB- except to have fun -RRB- , and you can do virtually anything . From being a fisherman to a mercenary to a fearless warrior , the choice is yours . It 's a virtual world , and you can carry on another life online . This is a great game , bottom line . By the way , If you play on the Lake Superior shard and see a guy named Azrail , that 's me . BUY THIS GAME NOW .
 I do n't know that anyone else has said this . If you do n't feel like adventuring and exploring , you can just meet lots of people . Basically you can pay $ 10 a month for a fancy IRC client . I love the openess of this game . The ability to be anything from a taylor to a begger or theif . I even managed to tame an ape , a rabbit , a raven and a mongbat -LRB- bat looking thing that walks around -RRB- . I did n't know anyone in the game to start out with but a few conversations and hours later I had friends and 5k in gold peices -LRB- advanced players get karma points for giving away money to newbies -RRB- . I joined the baja shard where the player city of avalon is located . It was real easy to join this guild . Sparing with guild members improved my stats quite effectively . Being able to travel with advanced players to kill monsters and gain lots of points is really fun . Riding horses also adds a new dimenion to the game . The `` path find '' feature is also good in frustrating situations . And it actually works to boot.One thing I did n't like was being auto-patched to upgrade from second age -LRB- what I bought -RRB- to Renaissance . I do n't have DSL so it takes about 15 minutes to finish -LRB- I re-install my system more than most people -RRB- downloading . There 's no way to save the patches for applying yourself -LRB- that I know of -RRB- . If you need help or money you can ask me , AlexExplorer of the Baja shard .
 There have been many criticisms of this game , but the hundreds of thousands of people that play it on a daily basis will -LRB- most likely -RRB- tell you the same thing
 Okay UO rocks . Totally . I have been playing almost for a year and I am not getting tired of it . By the way if you want to meet me in the game my name is Sling Blade and I hang out around Britain .
 This game revolutionized the world of online rpgs . It 's simply amazing . I 've been playing it for months , and am still hooked on it.This game has little to no flaws . If you do n't have a fast computer and a very good internet connection , chances are , you 're going to lag ... often . That 's the main problem the game has . Sometimes it can be absolutely horrendous , while other times it wo n't be so bad . You just have to make sure you pick the server nearest to you . In Ultima , you make a character , and virtually go out and do whatever you want . Want to be a fisherman ? Go ahead ! Grab a fishing pole and you 're all set . A miner ? tinker ? warrior ? Yes ! You can be all those things and many more . The characters are so customizable . From their stats all the way down to the type of clothes they wear -LRB- and trust me , there 's many to chose from ! -RRB- . Making a new character can be a long process , but once you get past that first bit , you 'll be having the adventure of your life . There are more than a dozen towns in this large world , many dungeons and even land for placing your own house ! But houses cost a lot of money , and money is something you have very little of at the beginning.The new Renaissance pack is a definite improvment over the older version . There are two differnet worlds you can roam in . Trammel , which is like the light side of the world . Player killers can not thrive here , people can not loot your corpses , etc. . The other land is Felucca . The darker side , where almost anything goes . Be on the lookout for thieves , player killers , evil npcs and more ! There are always constant updates made to the game , so it never ends . There 'll always be lands to explore and monsters to slay.The bottom line is , if you 're an rpg fan , get UO ! Do n't hesitate . One of the first , and definently the best online rpg there is . Look me up sometime on the Pacific server . My name is Mymas.Good luck fellow adventurers , and have fun !
 Ultima Online is clearly the best RPG there is . You make and play the role of your character.You can even customize what he/she looks like and choose from many more skills compared to diablo II . . However it is hard when you first start out as a newbie -LRB- thats why many people quit after the first week and give it a bad rateing -RRB- but now with trammel in reanissance it a lot easier to get started.At times it could get to be frustrateing when you first starrt out but , as you advance it gets extremely more fun . There area lot more friendly people in this enviorment willing to help you out . This is one of the very few game where you can not `` beat it '' , ultima offers you endless oppertunities.Give it a shot and see how you like it , you wont be dissapointed .
 This is essentially the same as UO the Second Age with some major , friendly changes . This game is excellent , and now very begginer friendly . The Rennaisance version includes a whole new mirror world , Trammell , where new players can learn . This game is very good for roleplayers . You can choose to be a merchant or adventurer , depending on your preference . You can own a ship or a house ; the very rich can even own a castle . A very good game . Come say hi to me , Beouvle on the Catskills shard
 I do not agree with other reviews . Seers in the game , or people who organize events , are trying to make the game more fun and more of an RPG . They have organized things like in-game plays and treasure hunts in dungeons.You do not have to spend long hours doing skill gains because sometimes it is just fun to watch . Probably the only negative aspect of this game is that it is addictive . If you can control your urges to play this great game , and not over do it , then this is the game for you .
 This game is by far the best online game out there right now .
 If you are just starting this game and trying to make a mere living off of whatever proffesion you selected you will probably not fel this way . But if you do manage to get enough money for a house then you will see what I meen , especially if you had the Second age version . My friends and I waited over two months so we could place our houses that had been sitting in our bank box for who knows how long . FINALLY , the day came when the it started updating . I was SOOOOOOOOOOOO happy until I logged on and discovered that the patch haddent even been applied to the shard -LRB- server -RRB- I was playing on ! This was cool , maybe just another day and I could place my house.But NO I hd to wait another TWO WEEKS before the patch was applied . I was soooooo happy when I found this out . I tried to place my house but LORD BRITISH declared a no house build time . COME ON ! people waited so long for the new patch , then they had to wait longer for the patch to be applied to there shard . And one of the whole reaseons for the new patch was more house placeing room ! Geeeez Origin systems has problems and they will do it again , this is only one example , from what I undrstand people waited just as long for the 2nd age patch . But still , overall it is a really good game .
 YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS GAME ! ULTIMA ONLINE IS THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD ! I HAVE BEEN PLAYING IT FOR 4 YEARS ! DONT EVEN THINK OF BUYING EVERQUEST BECAUSE IT SUCKS COMPARED TO ULTIMA !!!!! YOU WILL START PLAYING AND I BET YOU WONT GET OF FOR A YEAR !!! IT IS THE BEST !!
 I have played Everquest and Earth and beyond as well as a little know game called Avalon ... Online games , yet , the detail to which Ulima Online creates a world is well beyond any other game , on or off line ... Example I have a character that is a tailor . He hunts animals and prepares their hides , then sews their hides into boots , shoes and leather armor to sell ... That 's not all ... he collects cotton from plants , wool from shearing sheep , then spins it on a wheel , uses a loom and makes the thread and yarn into cloth ... dyes the cloth and sews clothes to wear or sell , everything from hats to pants to kilts and dresses , includeing cloaks . He regularly rides a horse that requires feeding and needs resting on occasion . His weapons need to be repaired by interaction with Blacksmith characters . He lives in a small tower with furniture and everything . Now thats detail ! He is a Paladin and lives by the code . The detailed game play of your fantacy is also enhanced by other roleplayers in the game ... such things as greeting courtesies take on a whole new meaning with characters rangeing from paladins to necromancers and the latest in player designed characters . Whether you wish to design your own characters or pick from a selection , I think you will find this game captivateing ... I would , however , caution you to limit your game play ... this game can be a little addicting . Enjoy !
 Ultima Online is a very impressive and immersive game . There are many options available in the huge , diverse online world that this game offers . I found that I was easily able to create a character and become a part of the community with little trouble . Some of the occupations are Tailor , Carpenter , Pure Mage , Animal Tamer , Blacksmith , and many more . Plus , there are thousands of real people online all the time that you can talk to . I think Ultima Online is one of the best role play games that the computer world currently has to offer .
 Ive had this game for 5 months now and since then i havent been able to leave my computer . You can be anything you want to be not like diablo 2 which you dont have much freedom . The areas to explore are almost endless . If you buy this game you will get hooked . Trust me .
 Ive had this game for 5 months now and since then i havent been able to leave my computer . You can be anything you want to be not like diablo 2 which you dont have much freedom . The areas to explore are almost endless . If you buy this game you will get hooked . Trust me .
 By far the best online game I 've ever played . It 's a hard decision on buying this game because of the fee of 10 $ a month and I was n't sure if I was gon na pay , but then i played it . This game is so addicting . You 'll find yourself at 2 in the morning saying just one more enemy then off to bed . I recommend this game to anyone who likes rpgs or online games .
 This game is the most addicting game i have ever played . I have been playing Ultima Online for 2 years and change at the game still has me playing all the time -LRB- which is a little sick -RRB- . But anways who cares if you have the time and you want to play a game that never gets old , and which makes you mad , and excited then play UO . The real enimies are the other players . The funny thing is the players are also your best allies . I would say it takes you about a month to really find your way in this no matter how many tutorials you have to go through due to it 's almost limitless possibilities . The fact is any player who says this game is just not worth playing is a person who just A. doesnt know how to have fun or B. is not a real pc gamer . There is no way if you give this game time you will be disappointed . I also have a caution to you gamers . This game takes a major toll on your outside life so watch that you are not spending to much time enjoying the game . I play gl shard Dingle Sphitz
 Uo is a really cool game . Do you know what?I have been playing for 3 years and a half , and still love it as the first day I started.I used to lag a lot because I 'm from Brazil , do u know . . Now I got cable modem !! 50 ping !! And I 'm loviiiiiinng it more and more!This game is the deal!You make lots of friends and still have the option of use icq for comunicate with other people!You can choose what to do and see the result!I have lllllots of friends!My Real Life friends saw me playing and bought it also now 15 real life friends play with me!Come on ! Do you have any other question that this game can be bad ??
 Ultima may not be the epitomy of role playing games , but personally , i do n't care about that . The game is just plain fun to play . Even when you have a new character you get to see what your in for in bits and pieces . No one is going to try and block you from seeing a grandmaster animal tamer walk by with three dragons fallowing him . It keeps you into the game . Ultima online may be very addicting , but its worth it . The tutorial and newby town walks you step by step through the game to prepare you for whats comming later on . Every time you play the game you become better and better . Not just in yourself at playing it , but your character develops how you want him or her to . Almost every aspect is covered in the game , from stealing and lumberjacking , to fighting and blacksmithing . I give ultima 5 stars . From my own experience , its one of the best games i 've ever played .
 To the person who demoted UO
 Like anything , UO suffers from flaws , if it was perfect you would probably have to sell off your life in some form to some type of demon wanting your soul for his dark lord but thankfully , UO is a true experience , first off , the game is built on a community rather than just a few pixels built around `` the same ol , same ol '' each day is something new . Every day you can potentially meet someone different and share a new battle that lasts hours with some close friends with characters you 've taken much time and pride to craft into what YOU want . With 5 characters and 700 points to devote per char , the possibilities per account are fascinating . I have been playing for around 8 years myself a little after the BETA release and I have also been an avid fan of Square games , Namco fighters , etc , and only UO has kept me going this long and I suspect many years to come due to the length of time it possibly has .
 While a lot of folks I know prefer the first person format of other games I like the look of Ultima . If you are current or past player of pencil amd paper RPG 's and liked using miniatures I see no reason why you would n't fall in love with this game . Some reviews have said Ultima players are aloof and rude but I have found that most folks in there are actually quite helpfull and do n't mind showing a newbie yhe ropes or passing along a few helpfull tips . I got this game around Jan. 1 and have been playing it constantly and just ca n't seem to get enough of it . What else can I say but its exactly the kind of game I 've been looking for .
 I would buy this game for all the money in the world . it has good graphics and 64 different spells to choose from . You can have different skills for battle like swords or archery . You can also have craft skills like carpentry and smithing . Or you can be like me and hunt for treasure . I dig up treasure found from the treasure maps on the dead bodies of dozens of varieties of monsters with differents speeds looks and strentghs . There is no way to actually beat the game , you just keep getting more skill and more money . I would strongly recommend this game for any people who like role-playing games or just for pvp -LRB- Person vs. Person -RRB- combat . Or maybe just have the peaceful life of taming animals to do work for you -LRB- Or taming animals to kill stuff for you -RRB- . Or live the life of a craftsman making wares and tools for other people to use , or maybe just to sell to get money for something you need to buy . I would recomend buying this game because you also get to play online with thousands of other people online who play for the fun of it all . You will acheive imense fun you will have when you get this game .
 Ok Ultima is the best online game out there . There is a little lag sometimes but its still fun . Theres hundreds of thousands of friends to meet and places to see and things to do . Theres a bunch of proffesions u can be and lots of skills to gain and reach peak gm status . I reccomend this game to anyone if u like diablo or games like diablo . Sure its 10 bucks a month but the first month is free . Dude 10 bucks a month is like a pizza a month COME ON ! BUY IT
 Ultima Online is an awsome game . You can be an archor , blacksmith , warrior , mage , warlock and a whole bunch more and it lets you choose what you want to be . This game is not very laggy at all . It is still my favorite game and I have had it for about two years . There is no way that you can beat the game you just keep getting skills until you reach GRANDMASTER , where you can beat almost anything . You can also chat and make teams with your online buddies . I would strongley recomend this game . If you have played Dioblo II and liked it then you will love this game . This game is action packed game . This game is good for everyone . if you do n't like this game then there is something wrong with you . you can play at all ages .
 ... that includes Unreal Tournament and Quake 3 arena . This game blows the competition away . This game is so DEEP . What makes it have such depth is the ability to chose the path your character takes . Start out in a town , develop your skills on the lesser creatures , than move up to stronger ones . Or practice magic and destroy your enemies with fireballs from your hands . Or perhaps you wish to become a merchant , a tailor or blacksmith are two excellant choices . Endless adventure awaits your character as your form alliance with other real people playing the game , hundreds are playing right now . Those people you are walking by are not NPCs but are actual people sitting at their computer . Soon you may find your self joining a guild of warriors . From then you can wage war against the other guilds , and enter the best part of the game , Player vs Player combat , or rather PVP . Victory in PVP in one of the sweetest moments . Here is where you truly test your skills . Duengeons and Dragons await you , all you have to do is log on .
 What are you doing there , that you are not playing the game . This is the baest online game of the history and I garante to you . Every one that you see on the game with the exceptions of the NPC 's , are another person in another computer online . And you can chat with them , make real friends and even get married if the other person want to -LRB- I never saw that happened -RRB- . But you get a job and be a respectable citizens or if you want you can go in advetures between cities and mountains . Resuming you have the fredom to do and be what ever you want ... Of course that this is not free you have to sign up and pay something about $ per mounth , but it is worth it , I garante it ...
 UO is by far the best thing to happen to RPG 's in the past 5 years , at least in my opinion . Renaissance is much more beginner friendly than the previous edition and access becomes simplified . Plus , the gameplay is everything one would expect from a high quality RPG . A definite must have for any RPG fan !
 I 've played this game just about every day for get this
 The other Amazons are far more articulate and enthusiastic in their reviews than I am , but I thought I might have something worthwhile to add for those who are n't strategy fans . Alpha Centauri is best suited for those players looking for a thoughtful , slow-paced , resource management and long-term planning game . The graphics , although I find them pleasing , are not spectacular
 This is a great game ; it 's impossible to say enough good things about it . This is far better than the old Civilization games -LRB- although sometimes I go back to Civ 2 for the more real-life setting -RRB- . With this game , Sid Meier proved that he 's the reason Civilization was a hit -LRB- if you have n't played the non-Meier Civilization games , do n't -RRB- . It 's kept all the good things , and added far more . One of the unique things about this game , and that caught my eye right away , is the ability to custom-design your units . There 's probably millions of different units once you figure all the possible combinations . There 's also a really cool social engineering setup that basically equates to a design-a-government system . The benefits of this can be super-fast growth , production , lots of money , or a lot of other effects . All things considered , this game is spectacular if you 're into turn-based strategies , and great even if you 're not . It does take a little bit to get a feel for what you can do if you 're not familiar with the Civilization line , but once you do , you 'll love it . One warning though
 This is the true sequel to Civilization II . Sure , there 's Call to Power and Civilization Three , but this is the only one of the sequels that was made by Sid Meier . This game is extremely complex , and will probably take a few hours to learn . It is easier if you 've played Civ II , but it still takes a while . However , once you 've learned you 'll never stop playing this game . There are so many ways to win , and there are so many options . Ways of taking out enemy cities include conquest , bribes , lowing them into the sea , releasing native lifeforms on them , and planet busters -LRB- nukes -RRB- . The technology tree is also complex , but it 's realistic , well thought out , and long . While the graphics are n't great , they are more than sufficent for the game . The only flaw
 Over the last 5 years I 've spent tons of hours playing this game , usually as the Morgan `` Businessmen '' Faction . When it came out , this game simply had it all , as far as features were concerned ... excellent AI , tech tree , and sound , and decent 2D graphics for the late 90 's . Yet the coolest feature of all are the distinct abilities of the various political factions , and the way they interact -LRB- in an expanded version of the simple old paper , rock , scissors game -RRB- and being able to choose which faction you want to play as.Even more factions were added for the Alien Crossfire expansion pack , but I never felt that this expansion was a `` must have '' ; however , when it was basically included for free in the Planetary Pack edition , I decided to get a copy and check it out ... I think my original impression was right , Alien Crossfire is not really a must have - if you are new to Alpha Centauri , you 'll should definately start with the basic edition that comes in the Planetary Pack edition.When this game originally came out , there was no doubt that it was a 5 star game - it made the best use possible of the 2D graphics technology available at the time . However , here we are in the year 2005 - there have been astronomical improvements in 3D graphics card technologies , and the old Alpha Centauri graphics just do n't seem so good anymore ... we are overdue for a makeover to Alpha Centauri ! I see where a slew of cool-looking 3D makeovers are coming out
 This has to be the greatest game ever -LRB- besides Civilization 3 , of course -RRB- ! It 's for all you Civilization 1 and 2 lovers and maybe SC3K Unlimited , Caesar I , II , and III , Pharaoh , Cleopatra , and so on ... A bit complicated game but easy to learn if you read the tutorials.The game features a large group of colonists that escape the ravages of Earth in 2060 A.D. to explore a distant planet orbiting Alpha Centauri 's biggest star . This planet is called Chiron and has somewhat the same orbit as Earth . The ship suffers a malfunction along the way and the 6 strongest colonists escape the ship with their chosen crew to begin a new life in this unknown planet . You have to fight off aliens and try to mantain peace in the planet -LRB- unless of course you want the planet to your self ! -RRB- . Very much like a continuation to Civilization 2 or 3 . This also includes both versions . Alpha Centauri and Alien Crossfire -LRB- the Expansion -RRB- . Alien Crossphire takes place various decades after landing on planet , two alien factions appear out of nowhere claiming they had habited this planet a long time ago and land on the opposite sides of the planet in war against each other . You can team up with one of them and end with the other or declare war to both . Also 5 new factions are born out of the existing 6 . The other game I highly recommend , Civilization 3 . Much better than Alpha Centauri in game play . Check it out if you like Alpha Centauri or any of the Civs .
 This game is the BEST ! If you like stratagy games then youhave to get it . If you played and liked Civilizaton I or II then youwill love this . It comes with a fold out tech chart , a statagy guied and of course the cd . the diplomacy options are the best , much better then anything else that i have played . however it has not so good graphics . all in all it is a very good game , and i suggest that you buy it ...
 This is probably the best game ever in Sid Meier 's series . The game design is excellent and graphics are brilliant ! If you liked `` Civilization '' and `` Colonization '' , then you do n't want to miss this one ! From the beginning of the game it looks pretty complicated , but when you get the hand of it , everything goes `` downhill '' . I spent a lot of time playing this game -LRB- about one year or so -RRB- , and yet , I did n't get tired of it at all . This is must-have game for real gamers ! I 'm sure that you 'll like it .
 Sid Meier 's Alpha Centauri is for those who loved the original Civilization but who prefer science fiction over historic recreation . I know - I 'm one of them . Alpha Centauri 's diverse selection of factions is better than Civ 's nations - each has its own goal , agenda and beliefs that you will discover as they fight , trade and politick with you . The Alien Crossfire expansion includes new factions - including two alien ones - and new advancements for the game . If there 's one problem , it 's that the different advances avaialble to you are hard to differerntiate once you 've built them into your military units .
 This game is great !!! It is amazing !!! The AI is great and it is different every time you play ! There is so much you can do . It is easy to start and easy to learn thanks to the tutorials and guides . It is a good follow up to the other games . the stratagy guide give tons of new ways to play like green conquest . BUY THIS GAME !!!
 Have been playing this game for many years , and while it has its quirks , overall there is nothing better . Why ? For a game -LRB- and its AI -RRB- that is over 10 years old , the intuitiveness of the different factions is simply amazing , there is nothing else like it that has been created . The mannerisms of the different factions -LSB- you pick one of 'em to be your avatar - me , I 'm usually Dierdre or University -RSB- are done quite well , as each has their own agenda , strength , and weakness . The game has strong strategic as well as tactical aspects to it ... with very nice philosophical backgrounds ; it really does make a person learn and think - what has the human race done over time , and what is our potential . Add in the alien factions , , , and it gets even deeper . Only main qualm is that wish that this game would be redone , updated , and be native to the new Mac OS . Sid , , , please !!! : -RRB-
 I 'm not sure why they wo n't do an update of this game ... it 's one of the most fun , most addicting games ever . Basically Civilization in space , although it 's even more fun than Civilization , in my opinion . Very hard to find the Planetary Pack now , but if you can get it , it 's well worth the rarity price . Just ca n't go wrong ...
 This game is stealing all my sleep ! As a fan of Civ and Civ2 , I should have expected this ... Alpha Centauri 's improvements have added many new dimensions to the game . One of my favorites is the modular style of unit design . In the past games , new technologiess simply allowed you to build a new type of unit . Now they give you the ability to create a new type of chassis , weaponry , abilities , etc. that you can use to design your own units . Your engineers give suggestions , but you can customize to your heart 's content.In addition , the interface with other factions feels much more real . Part of the screen scrolls through pictures from the other leader 's life , making you feel like this is a real person with a history.But probably the most outstanding feature is the overall thought that went into creating the technology tree . Most of these are futuristic -LRB- or state-of-the-art -RRB- technologies so there is impressive blend of logic and imagination here . -LRB- e.g
 There are so many features and so much entertainment to be had I do n't know where to begin . It 's great that there actually is a story behind the strategy , building , managing , feeding people , keeping populations happy ... It 's a lot like Galactic Trader , which ranks right up there with this as a time-vaporizer . Warning
 This game is the BEST ! If you like stratagy games then youhave to get it . If you played and liked Civilizaton I or II then youwill love this . It comes with a fold out tech chart , a statagy guied and of course the cd . the diplomacy options are the best , much better then anything else that i have played . however it has not so good graphics . all in all it is a very good game , and i suggest that you buy it ...
 Being a long-time fan of Civilization , and Sid Meier games in general , I admit I felt a certain trepidation when first playing the game . The interface and style of play were so reminiscent of Civilization I&II that I thought Alpha would be just another clone in a a long line of them . -LRB- Call to Power comes to mind ... -RRB- But Alpa Centauri surprised me . It has a depth in story that was lacking in previous games , and the characters are all fully fleshed out in their beliefs and speech patterns . From Deirdre the Planer-friendly enviromentalist to Morgan Freeman the ruthless profit-driven marketeer , they all have their own definite agenda . And unlike previous games , your enemies can think . Diplomacy and war go hand in hand , with the computer working together behind your back or deciding to make war on your allies so another force can strike in your blind spot , the AI is sophisticated enough to provide a challenge to the most jaded player . Difficulty settings are easily adjusted , with easy being , well , easy , and the hard setting can make you weep to see it all crumble around you . Alpha Centauri continues to astound me , even after multiple games it still feels new and engaging . So go buy it already .
 Why compare this game to Mozart ? They are the same
 I 've been playing Sid Meier 's Alpha Centauri since the week it was released . When the expansion pack , Alien Crossfire , was released , I bought that right away as well . That was some time ago . I 'm still playing it . Regularly . About the only other game I have ever owned with this kind of addictive play is SimCity 2000 -LRB- SimCity 3000 is graphically lovely but not nearly as absorbing -RRB- . With all of the factions , random maps , difficulty levels , customizable units , etc , gameplay is surprisingly different every time . Mixing and matching the factions is fascinating . Perhaps the best feature of the game is that it forces you to think strategically as well as tactically - you literally have to think 20 to 50 turns ahead of the game all the time . Really a wonderful piece of work ; I can not recommend it more highly . And now I think I 'll sign off and boot it up ...
 For making such a freakingly addictive game . I had to delete it from my computer I was playing it too much ! As far as gameplay , there are so many different avenues to take -- diplomatic , war mongering , economic , a little of everything -- that it 's replayability is beyond rapproach . You can create new factions , import those created by gamers on the internet , and this only adds to the games consistency.What sets this game apart from its Civilization-like competitors , is the morbid science fiction backdrop that is as attractive as some of the better science fiction novels -LRB- although it definitely has a space opera bent to it -RRB- . This is a nuanced futuristic society that subtely brings in many of the upcoming issues of tommorrow - genetic modification , cybernetic humans , quantum gravity . The characters reflect the tension and problems of tommorrow 's science , and the various philosophical reactions humanity can have to it.An awesome game , well worth the money . I wish Firaxis would develop this line further ...
 There are moneygrubbers who are going to kill me for this but for all of you wanting this game for a reasonable price this is for you.Don ' t bother buying in secondary market for an overblown price . Pick up the laptop collection by EA games , $ 20 for both main game and expansion and some other strategy games to boot , some of which are quite good . Save yourself some cash and get some great games .
 As titled.The game 's other principle designer , Brian Howard went on to do Rise of Nations , a worthy game but without the incredible story-line and in-depth richness of ACAX.ACAX was a delight not just for the gameplay but for the entire experience
 This game is probably the best I 've ever played , and perhaps the best game I will ever play . It has all of the features you could want in a turn based game.The automation of funtions is incredible . Based on your wishes , you can designate tasks for units to perform , instead of dealing with the monotony of reissuing the same command turn after turn . For example , you can just say tell a unit to `` build road '' , and it will only build roads ... and will do so in places that make sense . Truly amazing AI ... Add to that the rich cultures and philosophies of the characters , ability to customize units any way you 'd like , great sci-fi , and you 're left with a game that is still a force to be contented with 4-5 years after its release.However , because of the wide range of possibilities , the game can be quite complex.If you 're not intimidated by having to think , this game is definitely for you . I look forward to a sequel , should they ever develop one .
 This game is the only turn-based strategy game one would ever need.It has everything one would want out of a strategy game and SO much more.The story is epic . The world is fully realised . The gameplay is deep . The literary references -LRB- not only Sci-Fi but philosophical and ethical and social -RRB- are many and profound . The factions are compelling . The possibilities are endless.The including of multiplayer as well as 7 extra factions in the expansion pack only sweetens the deal.The only -LRB- minor -RRB- flaws here , which only present themselves to the diehard gamer , is the apparent lack of challenge from the AI , as well as the seemingly lacklustre graphics -LRB- but given the budget of Firaxis at the time , the art direction is still amazing -RRB- . Get This Game . It 's one of those classics which you will keeping coming back for more . Even having owned this masterpiece for more than 5 years , I still play Alpha Centauri every 3 months or so , and it STILL retains its freshness and playability . This one is a definite keeper.Also , as a parting word , I want to make it clear that , despite the `` Sid Meier '' name on the package , designer Brian Reynolds -LRB- who has since left Firaxis I believe -RRB- was the man behind Alpha Centauri and as such deserves the kudoes.It is THIS game which deserves the title of `` true sequel to Civilization II '' , and not Civ III which has none of the depth that this game has in spades.Buy it .
 Alpha Centauri has several notable features not present in Civilation . Even Civilization 3 lacks several of the features of Alpha Centauri . Each Alpha Centauri faction has a personality and there are mp3 files of the voices of Professor Zhakarov or Sister Miriam . The faction leaders are much more alive and dynamic than playing with a Civilization Empire such as Rome . The Gaians prefer environmental harmony and the Morgans prefer wealth and business and then there is the Spartan enclave.The military units are much better in Alpha Centauri than in Civilization . In Alpha Centauri the units are customizable . Each unit in Alpha Centauri is modular and can be modified or upgraded . You can design AA units that defend against air units and land units . You can also design cloaked probes or amphibious units . You can also terraform the land with your former units or even terraform the sea . You can even have advanced formers that terraform both land and sea squares . Your military units can have improved abilities and morale modules . Planting forests not only plants them but forests even grow in Alpha Centauri . You can design and produce thousands of military units and variations . In comparison in Civilization the units are fixed . In Civilization you can have infantry or militia or cavalry but the attack and defense and movement attributes stay constant in the game and the units have stayed similar names.Alpha Centauri has several advantages over the Civilization games . In the Civilization games you spend 3000 years and hours approaching a technological level of sophistication and technology and sometimes you fail before you are destroyed . You spend hours to get tanks and battleships . Alpha Centauri starts at the top of the technology pyramid with rapid technology advancement and skips the stone age medieval age and dark ages for modern combat . In a few turns you can get the technology to build sea units or ocean cities and ocean units . You can have air units much sooner than in Civilization . In Civilization 80 % of the work takes place in getting to the Modern Age whereas in Alpha Centauri you can obtain units such as plasma sentinals and needle jets much sooner . In Alpha Centauri you skip all the primitive ages and start at the high tech age.Alpha Centauri also has 3d land which can have elevation that can be raised or lowered . Ocean Cities are much more prominent in Alpha Centauri . You can build a city on the water.There is also a lot of strategy to Alpha Centauri and the military aspects make for a much more dynamic game .
 This time in Battle Assault it is in 3D . The fighting is done on 3D plane . Great game and graphics . If you love the previous version of this game you may like this too . This game features the Gundam Seed moblie suit . The fight is good and have cool special moves effect . I love this game
 Battle Assault 3 Featuring Gundam Seed is a solid fighting game with many unlockable suits from Gundam Seed . The player plays as Kira Yamato in Mission Mode and fight various enemies based on the route the player takes in each chapter.The battles in each mission vary from 1 on 2 , 1 on N , 1 on 1 , 2 on 2 , etc. , before the player enters a mission , a status screen is displayed on the location where battle will commence , it shows the difficulty level and the Gundam the player will be using in that particular battle ; because there are different routes to take , this status screen offers player a chance to think whether he can handle the enemies in that battle or not , if he decides that it might be too much for the first playthrough , an alternative route is always available and is relatively easier -LRB- most of the time -RRB- . Aside from Mission Mode , BA3 also has VS Mode , Tag Mode , Survival Mode and other extras that are unlockable throughout the game . With the huge amount of suits waiting to be revealed , the game will hook up those who play for at least 10 to 15 hours straight.Graphical aspect in this game is very attractive , each suit is furnished in its own way to give reflections of lights , and during an execution of a desperation move -LRB- super attack -RRB- , the camera zooms in with the pilot 's portrait appearing on screen to yell out a phrase , followed by the fancy desperation move.Speaking of the phrases being said in this game , it is a big letdown , the English voice acting for animes has always been horrible , unfortunately , BA3 inherits this trait and worsens it even further , every conversation boils down toA
 Battle Assault 3 is Bandai?s first Gundam fighting game for PlayStation 2 . The action is fast , frantic and allows you to make use of playable mobile suits taken from the TV series . Do battle in diverse game modes , including Versus , 2 vs 2 Tag and more . The 3D environments let you use destroyed objects as weapons against your foes.Choose from 25 playable mobile suits from the TV seriesFive playable modes , including VS mode , 2 vs 2 Tag mode and Cooperative CombatUtilize special abilities , weapons and moves straight from the television seriesFight among interactive 3D environmentsDestroy buildings and objects and use them to attack your opponent
 I have a 4 year old daughter who absolutely loves this CD , she will sit for over an hour and work through the entire disc . The first day she needed assistance to understand the directions but since then she works through the disc alone and if she makes a mistake she can go back and fix it herself . When she has completed the disc she then prints a certificate that says 100 % correct . She LOVES it ! The Reading Readiness , Transition Math and Vocabulary Puzzles for grade 1 are great too for preschool aged children .
 My 6-year-old son loves this CD . It comes with a workbook that he completed all on his own ... which is amazing for a somewhat lazy kid who never wants to do his homework . The first one got lost and I had to order it again because he kept asking for it .
 My son has Down Syndrome and I 've been told that he can learn most anything , you just have to find his particular ` learning pathway ' for him to master it . Well , we have been working for years on time and money , with very little progress , but in the last 4 months he has mastered time and money with 30 minutes a day useing this program . An unexpected bonus was he picked up fractions in the process , something we had n't even tried yet thinking he was n't ready ! I am so thrilled with this program that I am looking for other programs by School Zone , hoping to have similar success . I know I sound like a commercial , but I honestly have no affiliation with this company . Maybe I should!I do need to add that Ben is a very visual learner , so that might have helped , for this program is designed for such . I can see how some moms see this as an electronic workbook , but there is an immediate reward element as well as games occasionally that helps relieve the inevitable monotony , along with the keyboard advantage for kids that struggle with writing . Ben also liked the aspect of finishing all the pages , at the bottom of the screen it gave him a visual of how many he had left to do.I ca n't say that Ben was begging to do this program because it was so fun , but making it a required part of his homeschool , it was easy to get him to do his ` math ' . I try alot of different learning programs in search of ways to teach Ben , and I am thrilled with this particular School Zone product . I 'm happy to answer any questions by email , and would love to know other mom 's software discoveries .
 My 6 year old grandson loves this CD and works with it often . He 's gotten very good with the money and has greatly improved with time . Although fractions are not covered in school yet , he is mastering the concept . Thank you .
 The kids really like to play this game and they learn the concepts quickly . At least until they broke the CD ! But that 's how often it was used .
 I have two children that I am home schooling and they love this cdrom . They are kindergarten and 1st grade and it has really helped them with learning time , Money and fractions . I highly recommend this ! One thing I really love is that it tracks what is incorrect and makes them go back to do it again and it also allows them to print an award when it is all done correctly ! I love it !
 We have several school zone books and computer games . They are always in stock at their website and at a great price . Download apps , computer games or order anything from school zone .
 -LRB- Windows -RRB- * Microsoft -LRB- r -RRB- Windows -LRB- r -RRB- 95/98/Me * Pentium 11 class processer 233 or faster * 32MB RAM or greater * 110MB free uncompressed hard drive space * 8x speed CD-ROM drive * 16-bit DirectX-compatible 2mb video card * -LRB- Macintoch -LRB- r -RRB- Operating system 8.6 through OS X * IMAC OR G3 , 233mhz or faster * 32mb RAM * 110MB free hard drive disk space * Thousands or Millions of color video display * 8x Speed CD-ROM drive *
 I bought this for my 5 and a half year old daughter and she loved it . It only took her a couple hours to get through all the puzzles but she has played it again and again after that . Once you solve some of puzzles , players are rewarded with a computer game . I like that it was self-explanatory and she could do everything by herself since she feels more accomplished when she does n't ask me for help.The other reviewer described this as a workbook , and it is a bit like that , no fancy graphics here . Even so , my daughter has been playing fancier games like Reader Rabbit , Math Missions , and Zoombinis since she was four but she was not bored by the Vocabulary Puzzles format . I feel like the software was a great deal and we really enjoyed it .
 I beat this game 2 weeks ago and all I can say is ... do not buy this game unless you are a fan of Inu . THE cut scenes were the best part of this game . The rest made me think ... why do n't i turn this off right now ? Why ? Because of the plot . Since i kinda like inu . i could n't put the controler down , it was like now what 's going to happen . Unfortuently Sesshomaru was like in there for a whole 5 min . CURSE THEM ! and the same with kouga . Since the game only took 20 hours to beat -LRB- includes running around lost like and idiot -RRB- it was dissapointing , along with them always repeating something like Naraku it was getting lame , but if you are a fan i assure you that you can survive playing through it .
 Good price ... but booklet missing :-LRB- but over all GREAT !! And works well , thank you very much !
 I ca n't seem to figure out how to get to Kasasagi . After meeting that guy in Kaede 's village who says he saw you at the town of Kasasagi , I 've headed out to the area that 's supposed to be the road to Kasasagi , but it just seems to lead to a bunch of dead ends . I 've found the hidden trail that appears on the screen where you start at the top of the screen and follow the path straight down and there 's a squirl -LRB- or something -RRB- that crosses the path and leads to a side path that 's hidden by the trees , but that just leads to a road that splits and one path leads north to one dead end and one leads south to another dead end . Can anyone tell me what to do ?
 I just got this game for christmas , and I loved it.But , this game was much to easy.After three days I beat the game already , but other than that it 's a really good game.Oh and there is some spelling mistakes in the game also . .
 Inuyasha rocks !!! Okay , this game may not have the best graphics , but it still kicks ass ! This is the first ever Inuyasha RPG video game . You play as either a boy or a girl and meet up with Inuyasha and friends and together you try to find the cursed mask . But , as with all great video games , you wo n't go without first meeting up with some enemy demons ! -LRB- Duh -RRB- ! Anyway , this ass kicking game comes out in november !
 I know this so stupid , but I cant pass this game . Im on the `` Road to the Temple '' . When I get to the temple and I dont know what to do ! The only thing I do is fight demons and I also dont know where I use the key I found . Somebody please help me ! Somebody tell me what to do ! Please write me back and to those people who will help me THANKS !
 I must say , Bandai does have my interest . A game that lets you create your own character and meet the Inuyasha cast , building relationships with them ? Sounds pretty good . The story involves the original character you can control , who you pick is male or female , winds up getting transported to the feudal era and encountering none other than everyone 's favorite dog-demon . Shortly afterwards you team up with the regular cast of the show , including Kagome , Shippo , Miroku , and Sango . Having played the demo , I can confirm the game will feature the English Dub cast , such as Richard Cox , Moneca Stori , Jillian Michaels , and the rest . Inuyasha also follows you around on the game map , similar to , say , how Pikachu follows Ash in Pokemon Yellow . Although the graphics are nothing ground-breaking , they are at least okay to look at , despite the fact that the characters are in a super-deformed style similar to the older Final Fantasy games , but you must admit seeing a chibi Inuyasha running around is n't boring , to say the least . Sadly , I was n't able to experience combat yet , but the game does seem to be satisfying on the most part . Apparently this game will also include the many aspects of the series , including the action -LRB- boss battles -RRB- romance -LRB- relationship forming ... hmm ... -RRB- , and humor -LRB- ... . if you 've seen the series you 'll probably have an idea -RRB- , so the game looks to be at least satisfying to the Inuyasha fans , like me . I would n't know about the casual RPG fans yet , though . But still , being an Inuyasha fan I can must say I am looking forward a lot to this title . See you in November for a full review.ANTICIPATION
 I find Inuyasha
 Well my dad bought it from Japan and I got a taste of it . I LOVED IT !!! Inuyasha fans will love it ! The story is
 Inuyasha
 I really enjoyed this game ! I 'm a HUGE Inu-Yasha fan and I really loved the battles and the interaction you have with the characters . It was nice to see everyone from the series in it and having you as the main character , get to form some kind of relationship with them , be it positive or negitive . What I was really happy with , was the fact that they used the actual voices from the series instead of impostors . Definately worth the money . I look forward to the next game to coming out . A must for all Inu-Yasha fans !
 I 'm going to get this game , but I already LOVE the way the character 's interact with one another . And the fact that they 're CHIBIFIED makes me all giddy and stuff.The fact that you can play as someone else other than the Inu characters , excites me too -LRB- It 's a fangirl 's dream . LoL . -RRB- If it were like a story or something , even the idea of having a Mary Sue would make me annoyed . But this is AWESOME.And I love Sesshoumaru 's attack where he calls out Jaken . LoL . XP But my fav characters are still Inu and Kago .
 Okay , I 'll admit , this RPG is n't as involving as say , Final Fantasy , but it 's still good . If you are a fan of the Inuyasha series , I highly recommend it . The graphics are good , not great , but , well , how can you not love a chibi Inuyasha ? -LRB- Although a chibi Shippou is kind of redundant ... -RRB- The gameplay is your standard RPG far ; go fetch this , save this person , do this little mini-game , fight a turn-based battle , so forth and so on . Then again , the element that draws any fan of the show is n't really the gameplay , it 's the joy of being able to interact with the characters from the show . Based on your actions and who you choose to spend time with -LRB- or do n't choose to spend time with -RRB- you can get one of 12 possible endings . Just a note here , in order to get the second ending with that person , you first have to play through the game , get that persons first ending -LRB- which unlocks their second ending -RRB- , then play through the game again to view the second ending . This is what gives the game it 's replay value . After all , you want to see all the ending do n't you ?! -LRB- On a personal note , I have unlocked Sango 's first ending , now I 'm trying to unlock Sesshomaru 's , because I love him . -RRB- The gameplay itself can be a little mind-numbing because this game has a very high random battle rate . This is especially noticable when you start your second game , because you keep the stats from your first game , making the first hundred or so battles one hit kills on your part -LRB- although , this is also good since you do n't waste so much time and can get to the ending quicker -RRB- . The script for the game is a little bit of a double edged sword . You get authentic voice acting from the cast you 've grown to love , BUT , the dialogue itself is asinine.All in all , this is an average RPG , that people who do n't like or know the show should just rent . But for those of you like me , who love Inuyasha , it 's definately a must buy .
 I am a fan of Inuyasha . This is a great Rpg . Voice overs on the characters by the original actors . Good storyline . This is a traditional RPG . This game has all the main characters from the 3rd season except Kagome 's family -LRB- see credits -RRB- . You are able to make combo moves with another character depending on your friendship . This has a high replay value due to the numerous events and intervals . There is a New Game + feature . This feature only increases your character levels to 30 . The Bonus Menu keeps track of all the secrets you 've uncovered in the game . No matter how many times you play the game , the Bonus Menu does n't get erased . It is only erased when the file on your memory card gets deleted .
 AS a devoted fan of inuyasha , when i saw this game on sale at target at the Christmas season , i istantly wanted it . When got it for Christmas , i was hooked ! Even though the graphics ar n't the best , and the battles and can sometimes make me groan , over all , it ` as really fun . One of the most coolest things about it though , is that u get to build relationships with the characters . I perosnally like spending time with Miroku the best cuz he 's my fave character and the adventures u have with him are always hilrious.There are also anime clips in the video game , so that 's pretty kool . I hav n't beaten the game yet , but the story line so far is really good.Another really good thing which makes me happy , is that the oringal voice actors from the anime lended their voices to the video game . That 's kool!But i have to admit , this game is really only for inuyasha fans cuz well ... . i do n't know , just non-inuyasha fans wo n't really get it .
 im xavier & 12 and my best friend told me an inuyasha game was going 2 come out and i found it here -LRB- i love this site -RRB- im a huge inuyasha fan and i cant wait till this game comes out !!!!!!!!!! i begged my cousin 2 buy and she said yes !!!!!!!!! i thougt the game graphics were going 2 b like first game but other reviews said its like ffx2 and now i want it more !!!!! well to finish this off if you like or now inuyasha u should buy this game -LRB- im getting it on the first day ! -RRB- and if u dont know about inuyasha u should check it out i cant wait !!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love inuyasha * scream * ... -LRB- the show and game -RRB- okay back 2 normalps i THINK its 5 star in fun and overall but dont go with my opinion
 ok i havent played the game yet but i cant wait im really hooked on it so it looks really cool i saw it at a store but there not selling it yet so i hope everyone who likes anime just try this anime its cool and i luv it so if u have any questions email me at chobitsgirl@adelphia.net
 this game is a good buy but the grapics arent very good but the game play makes up for the graphics . if you are debating on wether to buy this game , i have something to write , this game gets a 8.3 from me , and i have high standards so if you like the show i could bet my life you WILL like this game .
 Do you like Inuyasha ? Then you MUST get this game ! Your characther is practiclaly liek Kagome . . coming from a different time and all . They have the orignal characters voices and everything ... it is just a really cool game . . I 'm going to be up all night playing it
 I just began playing the game but so far nothing really wow me . It could be due to me expecting too much from it in the beginning but for the most part , this game is n't really interesting -LRB- and for me , a huge fan of inuyasha , to say that mean a lot ! -RRB- . The plot was ok but the dialogues were too reparative -LRB- you just have to say ` i 'm scare ' once/twice to get the pt across , not 5x ! -RRB- . The fighting sceens were n't too great ethier . It 's mostly just taking turns
 i cant wait to play it . . i am a big fan of kouga , naraku , and miroku , so those are prolly gon na be the ones i play ... ^_^ hope to play it soon . .
 O.k , this game is very , very easy , once you get past that stinkin ' spider !! I know it 's hard to find him , so here 's how.when you go get the key , go down the hall and look on the bottom of the screen for a sliding door . that 's the door which is locked . use that key ! you end up in a room with a cat and stairs going down . go down . walk down the hall to the last room . let the game take over from there . you 'll get a scene with InuYasha . when that ends , go to the room at the top of the screen ... the spider 's in there . hope that helps !
 I prefer games that have the finest graphics and sound . This game is not in that category . However the storyline and charachter development create an extremely addictive and fun game . The originality of the good , bad and ugly , and detailed character presentation will hook any Fantasy buff.LotSM is a true RPG experience that transends its restrictive technical boundaries . The graphics and audio are n't bad , just not great . The camera views are almost always in excellent position . The cut scenes are audio/video from the series as are some of the special attacks -LRB- how fun ! -RRB- Although the jumpiness and tinny sound from the porting method detract slightly from the game.The game is very easy and experienced RPers will run through it like a warm knife through butter , but it 's too late you ca n't put the controller down because you want more story . Brilliant !
 it is chalanging in the begining , but after you get the hang of it , it is a lot easier ! i love Inuyasha , so i love this game . if you are new to Inuyasha , this game does a pritty good job of explaining everything so i understood it better . I might recomend selling a game guid along with the game for a cupple extra bucks , because once the people see how hard it is in the begining , they will be glad they have a guid .
 I love the game it was great . I loved it.From
 I really like this game , but the graphics could have been much , much better . Still , it 's worth buying if you 're an InuYasha fan .
 The ultimate game for an inuyasha fan or big time rpg player
 listen carefully ... EVERYONE WHO LUVS INUYASHA AS MUCH AS I DO -LCB- I LUV IT TO HELL * EXCUSE MY BAD LANGUAGE ... -RCB- WELL , ANYWAY , WHOEVER LUVS IS AS MUCH AS I DO HAS TO BUY THIS GAME !!! IT IS AWESOME !! I AM NOT TRYING TO STEAL YOUR MONEY BUTI LUV THIS GAME AND IT 'S A WHOLE BUNCH OF FUN !! I KNOW THAT THERE MAY BE A LOT OF TIMES YOU GET FRICKIN ' FUSTRATED , BUT JUST PLAY IT ONCE ! YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE WITH IT ! P.S. ... FOR ALL OF YOU LAZY LOSERS WHO ONLY READ THE BOTTOM ... BUY THIS GAME !! IT IS SO KOOL !!
 This game is easy to play and interesting because of the different story lines available .
 To me , Inuyasha is one of the greatest anime ever to hit the shores of the U.S.A . But then when I saw Inuyasha
 Well . . i havent played the game yet ! but i am the biggest inuyasha fan and i want it so bad ! lie the other one ! but this one u cant get yet ! it my b-day in september and my parents say there gon na get it for me from this site IF they have it buy able on here by then ! plz make it buyable sometime in september ! before the 18th !
 The game play is lame . I have actually discovered that you can YOU CAN LITERALLY WIN MOST BATTLES WITH YOUR EYES CLOSED , PRESSING ONE BUTTON OVER AND OVER . Only the major climactic battles require any thought at all , let alone strategy . I am a fan of the TV series and I found the story to be intriguing and amusing at times , but much of the time it was pretty predictable . This game would be a total waste of money for anyone who is not a HUGE fan of the show .
 Well this game has the grafics of Final Fantasy X2 , The fighting system is awsome , You get to here all off the theme songs -LRB- so the music is awsome -RRB- , and if you love inyuasha you will love this game
 First off , it 's a pretty short game if you only play through the story . Now to review the actual game
 By far one of the best anime based games I have ever played and in its self a great RPG . It dose seem to have a few bugs that can get frustrating like battles to know end and limited save points but its an RPG that 's nothing new . the only word of advice I have is do not try to escape from battle unless you have no other chose the game seems to have a bug where it will randomly freeze up when you do and if that happens the only way out of it is to reset the system . In all a give the secret of the cursed mask a 4 out of 5 the glitch and lack of save points really being it 's only draw backs in my opinion
 This is my 3rd review now ! My awesome new friend Amy let me play it , and I instantly fell in love with the game . I had Inu-Yasha follow me the whole time . Endless battles and victories ensued . Miroku and I kick butt with our co-op attack -LRB- I think I have a teensy crush on him ... he he he > . < -RRB- . Anyways , overall it 's the best RPG EVER !!! A MUST-HAVE FOR ALL INU FANS !!!!!!!!! Sayonara 'til next time!P.S . You also get to interact and spend time with the cast ! It 's every fan 's dream come true !!! ... oh Miroku ...
 Alright , I have n't played this game yet -LRB- it 's never come out -RRB- . BUT I have found a great site where a person has played the game and they let you take a look at screenshots and read through walkthrough of the game . So you can decide on your own if you like it or not.Go to
 The game was so cool.I beaten it 2 times -LRB- once as the girl and once as the boy -RRB- . I love this game so much .
 OMG ! Ca n't wait til ' this game comes out . Grr ... only three more days . Three more days . I love watching the anime and reading the manga . So now I ca n't wait to actually play the game .
 I ORDERED THIS GAME RECENTLY FROM AMAZON MARKETPLACE AND GOT IT YESTERDAY , AND ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS BUY IT . IT 'S EXTREMELY EXCITING AND THE CUT SCENES ARE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT ... OR MAYBE THATS CAUSE I 'M A HUGE INUYASHA FAN . I JUST ABSOLUTELY LOVE HIM . ANYWAY ANYONE WHO FINDS THIS GAME BORING OR UNINTERESTING IS NOT AN INUYASHA FAN AND SHOULD N'T SAY SUCH THINGS ABOUT MY GUY ^ - ^ TAKE MY ADVICE AND GET THE GAME , ANY TRUE INUYASHA FAN WILL DEFINATELY ENJOY THIS GAME . IT 'S A RPG THAT YOU WILL MOST DEFINATELY WAN NA PLAY OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER ... YOU GET THE POINT !!! BABY JP
 Ok , me and my friend were wondering about something . When they say relationsips , do they mean ROMANCE ? And do we get to pick , say , Sesshoumaru or Miroku ? -LRB- XD Yep , they 're hot !!! -RRB- Anyways , can one do that ? ^ ________ ^ Also , right about now I 'm hoping that I 'm not dreaming or on Candid Camera . Oh ! One last thing ! ... I 'm confused ... Okay , ANYONE who has played the demo or whatever , PLEASE leave a review and give a * VERY * detailed description !! Please do this !!! Ja meta ! ~ Kouen and Faia -LRB- &#60; -- Original Characters - GO US !!! -RRB-
 i 'm a huge inuyasha fan . this game looks fun & interesting . i have n't played the game , but i 'm getting it for x-mas . i watch the show on cartoonnetwork.i 'm really sorry for not actually reviewing this game . -LRB- i do n't know much about it -RRB-
 I CA N'T WAIT TILL THIS GAME COMES OUT I ALREADY HAVE THE TOYS , THE POSTERS AND I CAN ADD THIS GAME TO MY COLLECTION OF INUYASHA THINGS . I 'M SO EXCITED.KENNICHIWA ; D
 I am a big Inuyasha fan and I am so excited about this game . From what I have read , it seems to be a very good RPG game . I ca n't wait to get it for christmas and when I do , I am going to play it right away . = D
 Thanx for the video game ! So glad I got it ! Works fine and well ! Hope to buy more from you in the future ! : O
 Fun for anyone but I was glad to see this one does n't need lightning fast reflexes . My daughter has hand eye coordination problems and most games she needs help with ... but not this one ... she beat it all by her self and has played it again and again . Thank you Playstation 2 for making this game. : -RRB-
 I 've played this game before it 's just as much fun as i remember ! The game came within the given time , and it was in PERFECT condition ! Even included the special little hologrpahic collectors card . I would deffinatly order from this buyer again .
 This product was a great gift . It was for my wife on our anniversary , and she adores it and me for getting it . So whoever i got the game from , from the bottom of my heart . thank you very much , and I know my wife agrees with me . Thanks again.The game itself is good , with a great storyline and great elements . I would recommend this game to all anime fans , let alone Inuyasha fans who do n't have this game .
 It is a great game . The music , plot , characters etc. are all so beautiful . Once I started to play , I can never stop ! The game is like another movie from the Inuyasha series , even better when the player can actually involved in it ! I LOVE this game and simply beat it in two and half days ! I strongly recommend you this RPG ! Get it and try it out , what are you waiting for ?!!!!! Totally worth your MONEY !!!
 Ok , I was a big Inuyasha fan back in high school , but to be fair , I am still a fan . The game involves Kurukugi , the main protaganist , be it male or female . He/She falls in the storage house in his/her shrine , winds up back in the Fuedal Ages , wants to go home . Ok , there 's your basic plot line . I like how you can have an Inuyasha character follow you wherever you go , like if you wan na switch Inuyasha to Kagome following you , all you have to do is switch the party around . I 'd have to say the world map screen is compared to the Lunar Legends GBA game ... But instead of traveling where you want , you have to go to a certain area so you 'll be in the middle of the town or dungeon you want to go in . Sounds very logical . The combat system is pretty cool . Like Final Fantasy , this game has a turn-based system . In battle , depending on the relationships of the characters , they can do special co-op techniques ; and thus in my opinion , Miroku and Sango 's Co-Op technique is the most powerful , and pretty funny if you ask me . I enjoyed every boss battle , and including the final battle . Naraku is indeed worthy in my top ten toughest boss battles due to his strong attacks and status infliction . And one more thing
 really like this game , it did n't take to long to conquer it , butreally enjoyed playing it . It has a nice story to the game . Itsnot like some of the role playing games that I play but this gamewas interesting , keeps you playing just to see how the story ends .
 -LRB- This review may contain spoilers -RRB- Do n't get me wrong , this is a really great video game ! You get to choose your hero in either gender and then start your adventure by naming your hero . I chosed the male version and named him Anthony Kururugi . In this video game , Anthony Kururugi was late for the Doll Festival at the Kururugi Shrine . While he looks for some supplies at the storage house , he is mysteriously transported into the world of Inuyasha and company . As Anthony looks for answers about why he is sent there , he befriends Inuyasha , Kagome , Shippo , Sango , and Miroku -LRB- The main heroes of the series -RRB- and battle against various demons and even Naraku ! Will Anthony Kururugi be able to get home ? Who is the mysterious man with the mask ? What does Naraku got to do with Anthony ? Also in this game , you can unlock movies and images and become best friends with one of your favorite heroes ! -LRB- SUPER CHEAT SPOILER ALERT ! -RRB- After you complete the game , you can save the clear game and then play the new game up until you get to Kaede 's Village . Then , you go left , then up , and then right until you see a white cat with brown and black spots . Talk to him and he 'll give you all of your old status plus some experience points . I definitely think that you 'll enjoy this game !
 this game was so fun . It is not fast speed and I still get the full excitement I expected from the show Inuyasha .
 This is a hard expansion pack , harder than the Desert Siege pack which came out this summer . As with the original Ghost Recon , I have found that the best strategy is to take command of your teams one at a time - sending them into battle using friendly AI almost always results in quick death.For most missions , the best strategy is to send your sniper in with one assualt troop as cover and clear a path . Then send you assualt teams into to clear buildings or destroy armor . One especially good early mission takes place in a rainy jungle at dusk . Using stealth and silence weapons I was able to pick off quite a few enemy patrols . Enemy AI is pretty good - often they can pick off your sniper before you can get off a second shot . Each mission is unique and requires a different strategy.All in all a great game . Highly recommended .
 I 've played all the Ghost Recon games and this one was one of the coolest . The missions are pretty detailed and there are some cool `` specialist '' figures to play as . Not to spoil anything but the one problem I had was the last guy you have to face is a capture mission and not a total annihilation one , like I would have hoped.This portion of the Ghost Recon games is one of the hardest that 's for sure . The reason is because many of the levels are in a rainy environment or a foggy one . The computer tends to spot you rather quickly obviously , since they do n't have to look for you like we do . I give this game a four only because giving a five would have to be an epic game and this one is just a really good one ; definitely worth getting though .
 If you liked Ghost Recon you are bound to love Island Thunder . This is a solid expansion pack . It does more than add missions ; it adds some great new weapons to play with and some features that further enhance the experience . All that said , it does little if anything to assuage the irritating aspects of the game.The tropical setting is nice , and there are some memorable missions . The lush green jungle is welcome brake from the vast arid desert and drab woodland of the previous missions . Though most of the environment is scratched together from assets of the previous games . And the helicopter insertions are cool if a bit cheap , since they are featured mostly in cut scenes rather than a playable part of the game . One of the features I enjoyed was being able to rename the characters . It does n't have any bearing on the gameplay , but it 's cool to play with `` A. Schwarzenegger '' . The game it self is the same . While that is n't a bad thing , there are some parts of it I find hard to appreciate . For one the AI is still quirky . Enemies can zero in on the player and fire with laser accuracy at extreme ranges . Even when well concealed from view the enemy AI is uncanny at times . Teammates still wonder in to the player 's line of fire . They are also zealous at times when they do n't need to be . I am still at a loss to explain why they move out in to plain view -LRB- and get shot -RRB- when they should stay back . And I have been shot in the back by my own trigger-happy squad.That 's the exception and not the rule however and there is still enough to make a good expansion .
 Dear familyAs you all know , I 've been in the Ghosts now for quite some time now . I 've fought in the red uprising in Russia . I tangoed with Ethiopian warlords in Africa . But none of them were as frightening as my recent assignment to Cuba . As you probably know from the headlines back home , Castro died about a year ago and for the first time in a long time , democratic elections were held . But dear family , you dont know the pain and suffering that I and my squad had to endure to get those elections to happen.It started out simple enough . I went in with my fellow ghosts to Cuba to help safeguard those elections . After fighting in two previous conflicts , we all figured this would be a piece of cake . But on our first mission our experience became a hell of gunfire and death . We went into a tabacco plantation to find two suspicous packages that were dropped by an airplane . Within two and a half minutes all of my squad mates were dead . Cut down by t-shirt and blue jean wearing ' cuban thugs . Our state of the art weapons and training are all but useless against these guys who can see about three times farther then we can and can fire with pinpoint accuracy that would embaress olympic shooters -LRB- while firing automatic weapons ! -RRB- . The thugs from Ethiopia and Europe were babies compared to these SOB . I was lucky to get out alive by aborting the mission . But even then it took the lives of over twenty of my friends and several repeated attempts to complete the mission . I 've never been more scared in my life then I was when fighting in the field . All my buddies back in college say that video games like resident evil and Doom are scary . They should try fighting in the military , then they would see what scary means.The rest of my tour in Cuba wasent any easier . We had to slug through swamps , run through wind swept mountian ranges , and go onto a pretty beach . I will say this for our commanders , they keep coming up with interesting missions for us to go on , but I swore that we got so many `` Capture the base '' missions that I 'm sick to death of operating in them . But each mission we went on was incredibly hard , due to those damn thugs who have supernatural senses and impossibly good aim . My fellow squad mates can just barley hold thier own in a firefight , but they constantly need me to jump in and control them directly . A bit irritating to say the least.I thought the worst was over when we got our final mission -LRB- you folks probably shouldent read this , lest you know what happens before the press gets hold of it back home -RRB- . We had found out that a punk named Priego was in charge of the military operations all along . We all wanted to go in and plug a grenade up his ... well , you know . But those idiots in the top brass decided that we needed to capture him alive . Who the hell thought of that ?! You should have seen the look on everybody 's face when we learned that we had to do . This guy put everyone through hell , caused the death 's of so many of my friends and made us all suffer , and the top brass wanted us to capture him ?! What idiot thought of that ?! They told us that if Priego was killed , he `` would become a martyr , and that 's the last thing the new government needs . '' Give me a break you idiots . We wanted to kill him ! But alas , we went in and captured that punk , and our time in Cuba came to a dissapointing end.But Cuba did have its bright spots . Everything was really pretty , much nicer then the deserts of Africa or the forests of Europe . And when I play the missions over again in my minds eye , I can tell where all the bad guys will be , and thus I can kill them a lot easier . So now my tour of duty with the ghosts is over , and i 'm coming home . Good riddence , this mission was too damn hard anyway.Your sonGhost # 325
 I like this game very much , but it has only eight levels and that just is n't enough.I wish it had a least 16 levels.That my friends is the only thing wrong with the game.I love war games anyway , I do n't think there is enough war games out for me!Buy it , Play it , you will love it .
 This is a pretty decent addition to a great game . The only thing I recall about the AI is the last mission - Bad guy ran for the helicopter -LRB- if he gets there , you lose . If you kill him , you lose . -RRB- Since there was no way to `` subdue '' him , Ie . shoot the gun out of his hand or something , I lost the mission and had to find a different way to win . -LRB- If you really wan na know , I went in with 1 character with an MP5SD and he never had a chance to run . -RRB- So - I was n't all that impressed with the AI ... if you consider that an AI-related action.That said , the new weapons are cool . Faster-shooting -LRB- less accurate -RRB- sniper rifle , automatic grenade launcher , suppressed M4 -LRB- good because the MP5SD was sooo weak against armored dudes -RRB- . I still do n't like Ghost Recon 's way of assigning weapons packs to characters , and the limitations , compared to Rogue Spear.It still amazes me how the enemy can see and nail you from 300 yards off , even if you are in a ... Ghille suit and crawling.There is a lot of fog in this mission pack ... -LRB- bad news for you snipers , but its still quite playable as a sniper . -RRB- I did like that the new maps include a real variety of landscapes - city , village , military-style fortress , outdoors , etc.The new weapons do n't help the fact that close quarters combat sucks compared to Rogue Spear.I thoroughly enjoyed playing the new missions , but I dont know if it was worth the money . -LRB- Okay , it probably was . -RRB-
 This is a great addition to Ghost Recon ! The single player maps are alot of fun . The new `` insertion '' scenes are alot of fun , where you get to see your team ride in on a boat or chopper . If you like to sneak around and enjoy the level like me , 8 levels will be plenty ... Most of them took me near an hour to complete.The single player action is pretty intense . The AI of both your team and enemy seems to be better than the originals and the level design and realism puts you right in the front lines.The multiplayer addins were add some new variety to the game . Defend is great and the new weapons keep the game interesting ...
 This is a great mission pack . The new missions are challenging . Be sure to visit locogamer.com to find awesome mods .
 This is a great game . It has much more varied terain than the first two editions , and both enemy and friendly AI seem to have improved . Both sides are capable of highly effective ambush and flanking manuvers . The sniper rifles have gotten better as well.in response to those who said the game was too short , it is the same legnth as Desert Seige , and has some cool additions to the Quick Missions .
 This game is better than the first . If you own the original GR you got ta get this . If you never experienced the first one get both of these . The game is fast and the graphics simply rock . I 'm no military schmo but this game really makes you appreciate what they do .
 Great game ; lot of action ; some difficult missions ; the best one yet !!
 Island Thunder is an awesome addition to an already awesome game . I have very much enjoyed playing these missions . I have to say that I do like Island Thunder a lot more than I liked the Desert Siege mission pack . More variety and better weapons , not to mention the AI has been greatly improved.Have fun !
 Most people tell that the game has some problems because it is too short . But that is no problem , the good thing about this expansion is its multiplayer part . That is the best part of expansions , not only playing the misssions , also playing multiplayer in the maps , and that is what makes it 5 stars .
 Simply awesome!i just hope they would include more missions .8 missions is not enough for me
 I havent bought this game yet , but im going to this month . The series is awesome , I bought Ghost Recon the day it came out and i loved it , i later gave it to my friend to borrow and his mom didnt want him to have it so she threw it out -LRB- hehe -RRB- . So my friend had to get me a new one . Unknowingly , he bought me the GOYT edition so i got the Desert Siege expansion ! I lost the expansion :-LRB- so now i am going to buy this one , it looks great ! If you havent played this game before , and like military FPS games , this is a great game for you ! Better than SOF 2 AND OF -LRB- Soldier of Fortune 2 and Operation Flashpoint -RRB- PROS
 The second expansion pack for the game that won several Game of the Year Awards , what else is there to say ... If you 're new to Ghost Recon and Island Thunder , once you hop in you 'll love it ... then swing by -LSB- the website -RSB- and join in with the crowd and you 'll soon realize the full potential of the game .
 For everyone that loved Ghost Recon , they ca n't go wrong with Island Thunder . It 's awesome .
 I purchase this wireless remote to replace another set of wireless remote for my xbox . I am completely happy with the design and the range and precision of the controllers . The receiver for each controller fits perfectly in the xbox and there is no wire hanging out ; it attaches directly to the xbox . The only issue I had at first was that I did not like the fact each controller uses 4 AAA batteries , but after playing for over 2 weeks with same batteries that feeling was a thing of the past . I recommend you buy the 15 minute AA/AAA energizer charger , it will be of great help . If you are looking a wireless controller I will recommend this 2 controllers pack so you can also enjoy night-play under beautiful glow/illumination .
 Had a problem with one of the controllers and they sent a new one out no questions asked.This was a great transaction .
 Jumpstart 6th grade attempts to combine quiz questions with arcade games to keep kids hooked . I 'm not going to say it failed , but they could have done better.For whatever purpose it may serve , I 'll mention I was over the age range when I first played this , but I still found it hard . By the way , this game is not rated E-10 + . That is the age you should be to answer the questions , but there is no innapropriate content that kindergartners should not see.First of all , games that include questions about science tend to overestimate the target age range . I did n't know what an alkali metal is then , and I sure do n't know now . Tutor mode did n't help - their idea of tutoring is asking a really easy question related to the question you had trouble on . No help at all . However , many questions were appropriate , I think - botany and anatomy and such . The games that ask questions about math were too hard to do in your head - so I kinda cheated and used a calculator . At least 5th grade let you type the answer in . Apparently 6th graders have to do even better . The history questions , like the science questions , were tricky at their worst . At least they did n't know how to mess up grammer and spelling . That game was more age appropriate.Second , the action part of the game was sometimes distracting . I enjoyed the chemical plant game , and the tree-chopping game was entertaining . But we were forever stuck on level three of the ocean-mine game until we figured moving off the right side of the screen would take you to the left side ; then it was just fun . But in the rainforest game , when you answered enough questions , you played tic-tac-toe , trying to get six of your pieces in a row . This game was so hard and took such a long time that I started throwing matches so I could actually get somewhere -LRB- there is no penalty for losing a round -RRB- . Plus , parts of that game are a little nuts - if you surround two fire pieces with two tree pieces , the fires will turn into tree - can you say , ` spontaeneous generation ' ? However , the plotline was very entertaining , and if you lost a game , you were compensated with a funny cutscene . But these cutscenes were unessential.Many of the games were far too long ; we had to do the same thing about a billion times to win . If you stopped in the middle , you would lose some of your progress - as the exit option states , only your last pod point is saved . Talking of pod points , to get an idea of just how long this game takes , you generally have to answer five questions to get a pod point , you need five pod points to earn a gadget , and you need four gadgets to win . That 's one hundred questions - per activity ! Couple that with the fact that the questions are hard , and , well , you see why this game did n't make five stars.Despite all this , I do think the game is fun and a better investment of you time than , say , Twitter or texting . If you can find it for a small amount of money or paired with another game , great . Go for it . ~ Russian Blue Witch -LRB- RBW -RRB-
 THIS GAME IS GOOD BECAUSE IT HAS 1000 GAMES AND IT 'S GOOD TO LEARN FROM AS WELL AS MESS ABOUT ON IT . I ADVISE PEOPLE WHO WANT TO LEARN BUY THIS CD BECAUSE IT IS BRILLANT !!! EMAIL ME IF YOU WANT AND MY NAME IS HUZAIFA ESSAJEE . I AM A MUSLIM . HAVE A NICE TIME SEE YA !
 Keep in mind this is a Win 95 era game . The graphics at the time were cutting edge using 3dfx specifically with the voodoo graphics card . The missions are fun , the team play is awesome . Using all real military grade/class weapons and utilities . Before you buy any game , especially one that has been out for 5-15 years ... youtube the gameplay , know what you 're getting into . Well done Ripcord !
 This package says a lot . I like these kinds of games because they exercise the mind . They are n't overly violent or bloody and are at times incredibly educational while still being fun to play . The games engross you so much you wonder where all the time goes . The challenging gameplay and situations make this well worth the price . Especially from here . I have not found it for this price anywhere else .
 Risk Stratego and Battlehip are the classics of war games . These have a few variations , but they are mostly there for interest . What I really enjoy is the chance to play some of my favorites without calling friends to find opponents . The AI is very good on these games . The computer characters are no pushovers . If you already have these as board games and do n't want to play by youself , dont buy this . But if you do n't own them or would enjoy being able to sit down at the computer with a strong challenge , I would highly recommend them .
 This program is excellent for beginners , but experts may not like it as much as FS2000 . I assume there is no manuals with it , so reading learners may not like it . The best thing about this game is it is expandable -LRB- e.g. New aircraft , scenery -RRB- e-mail me if you want to know how to expand it !
 This program is excellent for beginners , but experts may not like it as much as FS2000 . I assume there is no manuals with it , so reading learners may not like it . The best thing about this game is it is expandable -LRB- e.g. New aircraft , scenery -RRB- e-mail me if you want to know how to expand it !
 This game is not all bad . Some parts are iffy , but over all it is faithful to the series it was based on . It not a very graceful game , like Castlevania ... which was made by Konami ... like this game -LRB- Ultra is a subsidiary of Konami created to facilitate getting around Nintendo 's draconian licensing rules , namely the 5 games a year . -RRB- If you like Star Trek , you would like this game .
 I bought this game for my youngest son when he first learned to use computers -LRB- 10 + years ago -RRB- and we spent many hours playing it together . It was his favorite and I never got bored playing it with him . Now , I have a granddaughter who will turn 3 next month . I bought it for her about 2 months ago and she loves it ; although , I have to help her a lot . It 's still fun , but probably more appropriate for ages 4 and up with higher level thinking skills .
 Pajama Sam 2 is a hard act to follow , and I am not surprised that the expectations formed by PS-2 were not quite met . PS-3 comes close , though , and I am happy to see my 5-year-old play this game . Pajama Sam is a wonderful role model - energetic , smart , polite , eager to help others , determined and happy to solve problems , funny , creative , and resourceful . The environment of PS-3 is just not quite as richly imagined and full of surpises as PS-2 . If you have 1 and 2 , you should get 3 , but if you are new to Pajama Sam , start with 1 and 2 .
 I think that Pajama Sam 3 is pretty good and I just love Humungous Entertanment -LRB- the company -RRB- games 'cause it 's different every time you play and I like the humor in this but like it says in my title here , great , but you know how sequels are .
 This game , as are all of the Pajama Sam games , is great ! It is humorous , educational and entertaining . The puzzels are a little harder than the first two games , but not beyond the suggested age range for the game . Both of my kids -LRB- 10 and 5 -RRB- loved it.In this game Pajama Sam has to help the peace delegates of the food pyramid get to the peace summit . The healthy foods and sweet foods ca n't seem to get along together . Some of the delegates are stuck in various predicaments and Sam has to rescue them . Sam 's off-the-wall humor is as snappy as ever.I have to admit , I also enjoyed this game and often wonder why adult games are n't this fun . I highly recommend it .
 Greetings . Last Saturday -LRB- March 25 , 2000 -RRB- , my 4-year old nephew and I went out to get `` project stuff '' -LRB- paint , glitter , etc. -RRB- to play with . IMAGINE OUR SURPRISE AND DELIGHT when we came across what was apparently the ONLY copy of Pajama Sam 3 in the store ! -LRB- How it got there ahead of the April ship date , I do n't know . -RRB- Suffice it to say , the 4-year old `` rules the roost '' , and the pocketbook , so I bought it for him and we played it that evening.Pajama Sam 3 has the same level of fun and challenge as Pajama Sam 1 . In # 3 , Pajama Sam has to find four missing peace delegates , who represent the food groups -LRB- of the food pyramid -RRB- . Maybe I 'm spoiled , but P.S. 3 did not live up to the fantastic work done on P.S. 2 . I believe it to be an excellent entry in the P.S. series , but out of 5 stars -LRB- with P.S. 2 a solid 5 -RRB- , Pajama Sam 3 gets 4.25 to 4.5 . The subject matter -LRB- the food group -RRB- seemed more of an attempt to get kids thinking about healthy eating , rather than the excitement of the chase . PLUS , there was nothing to print out once all of the 20 `` box tops '' were collected . Also , I did not notice -LRB- granted , did not look for -RRB- any additional `` side games '' , as there was in Pajama Sam 2 . Make no minstake about it , my nephew and I both loved P.S. 3 -LRB- we figured it out on the first run through , which took a total of 2.5 hours -RRB- ; but I guess I was looking for more excitement or more of a challenge.FINAL STATEMENT
 My children and I were so excited when we knew that a new Pajama Sam game had come out . My children have played it every day since we bought it and they still rave.In this new game , the Food Guide Pyramid , needs Pajama Sams help . The evil Fat and Sugars are making trouble for the good ole natural foods . So Pajama Sam takes a cool ride into the human body for an adventurous quest between good and evil.Pajama Sam and your children will learn about the difference between good food -LRB- fruits and vegetables -RRB- and junk food -LRB- cakes , cookies and chips -RRB- . As with all Humongous games , this one is filled with vibrant colors and cool sounds . There are many fun and friendly characters all throughout this enchanting game . There are different objectives each time the game is played . You can also save the game each time you play it.I recommend this game to anyone with children . It does not matter their age , they will want to play it anyway .
 This is a wonderful game , especially for the 4-6 year olds . My 4 1/2 year old has been playing this game regularly for many months . It has lots of humor , some educational aspects , games , and some of the clues are fairly difficult to figure out . I even have trouble with some . Most of the games for this age level are either too hard , too easy , or have little complexity and the kids lose interest fast . Not this one . It is our 1st Pajama Sam game and I 've already ordered 2 more . We ca n't wait to get them .
 I 've been playing the Palama Sam games with my granddaughter , neices and nephews , and we have been having a great time . I 'm 49 years old and find them interesting and they really make the kids think . They are for all ages .
 I expected my kids -LRB- 6 and 4 -RRB- would get tired of the humungous game series of role-playing games -LRB- Pajama Sam and Freddi Fish -RRB- , but they do n't ! It seems they could play them forever , even though the basic gameplay is the same for all of them . Humungous keeps things fresh by introducing new characters and puzzle types that keep the kids hooked . The story is engaging enough that one kid does n't mind watching while the other plays . But do n't be fooled by the packaging that alludes to the educational benefit of learning about food groups -- any learning that occurs will be by accident . Also , a few of the puzzles require reading skills and left my kids calling for help . All in all , a fun game that is worth the price of admission .
 If your child has played beginning level software and is ready to move on to more advanced gameplay , Humongous Entertainment 's Pajama Sam series -LRB- and Freddi Fish and Putt-Putt as well -RRB- are an excellent choice . These titles take the cognitive tasks up a notch as children must accumulate specific items , navigate a number of locations , and use their problem-solving skills to help new friends and achieve larger goals . Along the way , funny and lovable Pajama Sam will meet a number of nice characters , visit a variety of interesting locations and play mini-games as he completes the larger task of getting a representative of each food group out of a pickle so they can get to an important meeting . Along the way he will solve a lot of smaller puzzles and click on many objects that dance or act out funny events . Specifics change if you start a new game , and you will want to play with your child a few times before they 'll be able to enjoy it on their own , so each game is good for hours of fun.This is a fine game in a great series . We have all the Pajama Sam titles and enjoy them all .
 Well my miniture pajama sam complete with his little red cape loves this one . Hes three by the way . Please note the way the characters drawn and the name it could be a sam or a samantha so will appeal equally to both.You begin by finding sams cape and then away you go to mop top island -LRB- if you look closely you will see its patterned on pajama sam himself -RRB- You start at the party and dont forget to pick up the box top as you cant come back for this one . Next is the jail and before you break out remember to pick up the box top.Food is the theme and you meet some great foods as you travel around from the head to the feet and a couple of places inbetween.Some of it can be quite difficult and some reading is required in one gamepath , but guesswork could be used for the younger kids if mum or dad or an older sibling isnt about.Math is required in another gamepath so someone needs to be around to help out the younger ones.Humour is there as always and of course plenty of click points.Again four things to find and two places for each to hide . The gamepaths for the hiding places are far more similar this time but its still has plenty of replayability.In some places picking up the box top is a little difficult as they are placed a little too close to the next screen arrow . But its a challenge to get all the box tops and see the box arrive in sams mailbox.The kids loved sorting the beans and enjoy getting this game path.They also enjoy skiing down the mountain.Overall its a little harder than the first two but just as much fun .
 Great game ! He really enjoys it . Just beware that there are no instructions or at least there were not with mine so your child may need some of your guidance but it has been fun to sit and help him and us figure it out together . Very cute game and educational for them but shhhhh , do n't tell them that : o -RRB-
 This is a great game and I recommend to any parent 's child . It has a great story and theme . There is actually a food pyramid building .
 My kids , now 12 and 15 , recently found a box of all the PC games they loved when they were little , including the first 2 Pajama Sam games . They replayed everything , then decided they could n't live without PS3 , so we bought it here . It was inexpensive , it arrived quickly , and the game is just as fabulous as it was way back when . Pajama Sam games are designed for kids 3-8 , but they are good fun for anybody . They really inspire kids to be creative when solving problems , because they have to figure out each step of the game , with very little guidance . Everyone in my family highly recommends this game , as well as the other two
 pros
 I 've personally played this game when I was teaching part-time in a computer school for toddlers . I enjoyed it and so did the children . It was a gift request from 11-yr-old pupil of mine in the public school I was teaching in for coming in first place for a national drama competition .
 Pajama Sam 3 is another great addition to our collection . The games get better and better ! My 4 year old son loves all the Pajama Sam games . They are somewhat educational but mostly teach politness and friendship through helping others . But mostly they are great , clean fun ! Shipping was fast and product arrived just fine .
 This is a great game which my son -LRB- 7 -RRB- really enjoyed playing over and over again . It has four different versions to keep the child interested in playing . I found that feature awesome . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Pajama Sam 3 is a beatifully rendered game , filled with exciting detail and lots of clickables . My only real issue is that the puzzles that must be solved are far beyond the scope of my rather intelligent 4.5-year-old . In fact , I played this game through after he went to sleep so I could help him with it tomorrow , as he was starting to get frustrated with it today . The game was challenging for ME , imagine what it is like for a four-year-old .
 I like the Pajama Sam Series , though I do like # 1 and # 2 a little better than this one . But the dancing food was a pretty funny part .
 I bought this for my grandson . He has another one I believe it 's Do n't be afraid of the Dark , or something like that . He loves them . He loves playing them . I will be buying the next one `` Thunder and Lightning are n't so frigtening '' . These games really are educational when it comes to reasoning and analytical thinking .
 I bought 2 Pajama Sam computer games for my grandson , age 6 . We ALL love the games . It took us old timers a little trial and error to get started , but once we figured it out , we loved it . My grandson was going from clue to clue fairly easily and he , too , loved it . The graphics are great and the different clues are fun to find . We still have n't completed our first game totally , but I 'm sure when the 6 year old returns for the next visit , he 'll be able to do so .
 It 's a really good game . I would n't say it 's better then Pajama Sam 2 , I 'd say it 's equal . I like the party at the beginning , but it took a long time for me to figure out how to get out . Then , I clicked on the cake because that 's where he came in , and then he ate the cake and I saw the door . At first I thought Pajama Sam was going to just leave , but then I found out he left in a different way
 we bought this about 2 years ago , and immediately my children wanted to play with it . I really love the fact that Pajama Sam 3 never gets boring , because every time you start a new game , it 's a different story ! Just because it says ` for 5-8 year olds ' , my daughter ,9 , STILL likes it from 2 years ago ! It should be ` for 5-88 year olds ' !! that 's how much fun it is !! I would definitly reccomend this to parents who have kids that are bored most of the time . This will not only give them something to do , but it will also build smarts , and logic !!
 My 7-year old autistic daughter loves this Pajama Sam 3 , at least as much as the previous 1 & 2 . She is obsessed with food , so this game has special appeal for her.The only criticism I might have is that although the `` sweets '' are really the `` bad guys '' in this game -LRB- and the veggies are the `` good guys -RRB- , it is not clear enough for young minds to appreciate this ... . the bad sweets are having so much fun , all over the place .
 In this funny sequel to Pajama Sam 1 and 2 , Pajama Sam must help the food groups get along with each other better than , currently , planning war and taking prisoners . Lots of characters each with their own personalities , cool music , cameos , romance , laughs , color , smooth graphics , and rewarding credit pictures . I 'm incredibly glad I bought this ! The puzzles are more obvious , and some are just plain silly . If you pay attention , you can figure out nearly every scene as a part of the body . Even older kids will like this game ! It has many more animations than Pajama Sam 1 and 2 , but that adds to the fun ! Buy this game !
 This is a great game - I really like it ! I like when Pajama Sam is in jail and when he takes a ride on Sprinkle . I collected 20 boxtops on the computer . I love this game !
 Pajama sam 3 was pretty good since i 've got it and i cant find granny smite ! im trying too search now on the internet for it ! well ... i figure i 'll find it soon . This game is really good for all ages . Unless you beet it . Then it ` sboring i hav n't so its fun .
 We received this game and my four year old ca n't stop playing it ! She plays by herself , and is so excited when she solves a puzzle . It says for 6 and up , but she is having no problem . It is just challenging enough to keep her entertained .
 Pajama Sam 3 is so fun , even my 15 year old friend is crazy about it ! I love traveling all over Mop Top Island on top of Sprinkle , and dealing with all the senarios that come your way . All of the different places you can travel to are delightful -LRB- except the Blubberbs ... ewwwww ! -RRB- and like many others have said , it is very humorous . I hope you buy it , because once you start playing , you DO NOT want to stop !!
 How do you rate a kids game?Simple
 Fun game . My kid likes it as well as the other Pajama Sam titles . He required a little assistance for some obscure but necessary clues , e.g. requires knowledge that a pumpkin is a gourd .
 As with any game , Prophecy of the Moonlight Witch has its good and its bad.Pros : Decent storyline , even though it takes awhile to really get to.Even though some of the characters are rather exaggerated , some of them are quite fun.Cons : Characters , while they all have their own personalities , are n't always written all that believably.Boring game play
 I received this game last Friday , but I finished this in a week -LRB- 2-3 hour gameplay/day -RRB- if you played the last one -LRB- Legends of Heroes I -RRB- , the gameplay is the same , but pet system is a little bit different -LRB- you can monitor and feed it to get some status help -RRB- the summon monsters are good at first -LRB- you may need a lot of mind potions -RRB- , but they do n't grow throughout the game , and become useless on final boss fightthe storyline is OK , but it may be kinda messed up in Castle Roudohowever , the ending is worth to watch , it 's long like the last ver , but it 's not as good as the last versionif you played the last ver , this one you should playThe Legend of Heroes has 4 volumes , this one is volume 2 , and 2 more are coming in the future
 If you were caught up in the original RPG 's , like Final Fantasy for the NES or PS1 , you will enjoy this franchise . The graphics are cute and it is a typical Japanese RPG . I was addicted to Legends of Heroes III , that I had to go and get one and two . They do n't go hand in hand together , but they are entertaining and have wonderful translation mess ups ! The story line is good , not great , but some of the translations make up for that . I do n't like to give spoilers , so I will keep this review simple . I will say that it is fun .
 I found this game to be fun . In this game there are two characters , Chris and Jurio . You go through the story like in many other classic RPG games where you make contact with enemies . In this game the enemies will either ignore you , run away or attack you depending on their ability to defeat you . You use weapons and potions to defeat your enemy . What 's interesting in this game which I find to be great is the pet dog , cat or rabbit . Your dog plays like the dog in Fable II where it can sniff out items out for you . It also helps defensively or offensively . I like it when dogs are added to the party as they can be quite useful as in Fallout 3 . Although the dog in that game was quite fragile.Some people say that the game is short but it depends on how you play the game . Of course , as in games like Fable II , if you skip all the side quests or minor battles it will be short . But , I , for one , like to take in all of what the game has to offer . This game can quite literally take you thirty hours to complete . So if you are on the fence because of the length of the game , this game can supply you with many hours of gaming . This game series is sure to become a classic .
 This is an excellent little game and a must have for those growing up in the golden age of anime-style RPG games of the late 1980s and mid-1990s . Excellent story , great gameplay . Worth buying ! : -RRB-
 I thought this game was really cool . The storyline is relaxing , and a little sleepy at first , but eventually becomes pumped up and awesome . What starts off as an inocent journey to come of age , ends up becoming a quest to save the world . This game is definitly worth the time and money !
 It 's a great game , in a great trillogy . I was , however , unable to find it online , as my Amazon order was cancelled due to problems with the retailer ... My suggestion is - Definitely buy the game ; it 's great , especially if you 're a fan of either of the other two games in the trillogy - but buy it at a local game retailer like Gamestop , EB Games , Game Crazy , or maybe Circuit City -LRB- not Best Buy - they overprice everything , and probably do n't stock this game anyways -LRB- it 's too old -RRB- -RRB- .
 the game in itself is great . the shipping however took forever had to contact the company 3 times but amazon in itself did everything they could to help thank you for that at least
 I 've bought Rome , Caesar 's Will recently and wanted to share a few things with you out there.I have been playing games for quite a while now . In fact , I remember inserting those gigantic floppy discs at the time when an Apple IIE was a force to be reckoned with ... Like everyone , i 've -LRB- and still do occasionally -RRB- enjoyed the shoot 'em all and RPG games but I tend to find the Adventure games more mind boggling than the average blast it all game . With Rome , -LRB- i had never encountered that feature in a game !! -RRB- you can access many jargon free files describing the Roman world at this time -LRB- 45 BC -RRB- , its economy , politics , religion , everyday life , a bio of the characters -LRB- who really existed like Cleopatra or Brutus !! -RRB- and some pratical info to help you with your investigation . That comes in real handy as you have to choose your behavior with tricky people like Mark Antony -LRB- fellow Historians there will know what i 'm taking about ! -RRB- . And no , this is not like eating a dozen encyclopedia , the info is really user-friendly and a pleasure to go through.More , the Roman scenes encountered in the explorations are beautifully portrayed , researched to be historically accurate -LRB- i 've checked on a few things - :-RRB- -RRB- and alone are worth the price of the program . I 've found the animation good even though the characters get a bit blocky at times . The plot quickly becomes totally involving , you 're not just a by-stander , so it 's easy to become addicted !! I had to pay the price on a few mornings !! So i 'll recommend it for murder-mystery buffs and adventure fans . More , needless is to say that if you have an opened eye for Roman history ... When 's the next episode coming up ?
 Anyone have any ideas how to get this to install on Windows XP ?
 My mother , who grew up with opera , absolutely loves this product . She says that not only does it bring back old memories , but it shows all the important things about the different operas . According to her , this opera miracle does n't leave anything out , and even I was amazed at some of the opera parts I heard . Thanks to this product , my entire family is now officially opera fans ! Thank you Montparnasse Multimedia !
 I think this is the best cd rom for opera lovers and those who are learning about opera . You enjoy the images as well as the audio and it is fun to browse around any opera , libretto or composer review .
 Who cares about censorship ? This game has all the arcade action down . I do n't care about the story line , it 's VERY bad anyway . Some college kids wander into a house , the girl gets kidnapped by demons ... yadda , yadda , yadda ... In the TG16 version , you STILL smash hordes of monsters . There is STILL violence and gore . Not to mention , the game play is intact from the arcade . Which is more than can be said for the sequels on the Genesis , which to me , look and play like garbage.This game is addictive and fun . That 's what counts . Sure , the PC Engine -LRB- Japanese -RRB- version has some of the arcade gore -LRB- and Rick wears the correct color mask -RRB- . First of all , that version costs more . Secondly , you need to either own a PC Engine or get an expensive converter in order to play it.The Turbo Version is still great as it features the same great gameplay , multiple paths , some challenging bits , not to mention some of the least terrible box art for the system -LRB- It does n't take much -RRB- . Well worth your time if you 're into action games or the Turbo Grafx 16 . This was one of the Turbo 's few system sellers back then and to me , it is one of the top five action games on the console .
 I have never played the arcade version , but this version is awesome . I love the splatter house series and own all of them except wanpaku graffiti , and this is my favorite or second favorite of the series -LRB- splatter house 2 being my other favorite -RRB- . Game is pretty difficult but not impossible , and you can complete most of the levels with a bit of memorization -LRB- except for the 6th level which is easily the toughest part of the game -RRB- . This is a must have for any turbografx owner.P.S . I also highly recommend blazing lazers and air zonk if your looking for some fun games .
 Splatterhouse is one of those games for the turbo grafx-16 that you either hate or love . its based on the arcade game of the same name ... i remember back in the day playing it at my neighborhood arcade , and having a great time.when you look at this game you 'll see that it set the standard for the horror / survival game genre such as the resident evil series etc.for those not familiar to the splatterhouse world you play Rick a nerd who wears a ancient mask that grants him powers to kick serious undead booty ! he has to save his girl who was captured by the nefarious dr west . so into his mansion you go which is dubbed the splatterhouse . . due to dr west 's experiments in the occult and paranormalwhen the turbo grafx 16 came out this was one of the better selling titles . . it had all that you could want . . zombie crushing action , lots of gore , great graphics , and even excellent music.the mask rick wears was originally a white hockey mask . . but here in the us it was changed to red probably due to the characters uncanny likeness to a famous horror icon of the 80s -LRB- do i really have to tell you who he is ? im sure you know already -RRB- later in the 2 sequels released on the sega genesis the mask was made more skull like But in japan it was unchanged ... the us version of splatterhouse was edited . . but there is still lots to enjoy here . personally , i like the import version more though because i hate it when things are censored for stupid reasons.rick has his handy 2 by 4 , a wrench , a meat cleaver , his bare fists , and the best weapon . . the shotgunthe graphics here are outstanding for a turbo grafx 16 game . . the effects are creepy and somber . its amazing that all this detail could be rendered from a hucard . . it just shows that the tg 16 was ahead of its time -LRB- back then anyway -RRB- and is still fun to play todaythere is a remake coming next year for the playstation 3 and the xbox360 and it looks great.to sum it up . . the original splatterhouse is WORTH picking up . . its a little hard to find in some places but if you see a copy grab it . . you 'll be glad you did . .
 The US version is heavily censored . Japanese version is not censored at all . you 'll need a pc engine system or a hucard converter to play it though .
 much like the genesis version of strider the turbo grfx 16 version of splatterhouse holds its own vs the arcade the graphics look great the higher colors that the turbo created shows it was the closest thing you got to survival horror back then this version was censored for home consoles but its just a few upside down crosses whocares its almost exactly the same and scary on the turbo grafx it feels mesnt for the turbopad too the sequals arent close
 This computer game was a great buy , mostly because of its combat system and the breathtaking lighting effects . Contrary to what the other reviews say , you do not need a `` 300 dollar graphics card '' to run this game beautifully . In fact , I played this game on max settings with a 60 dollar graphics card . However , one thing that was irritating was the fact the there were so many loading bars within the game . This is only a minor thorn in a truly breathtaking game that sports some of the most fun combat moves and nicely done graphics . Overall , I give it an 84/100 .
 this game is absolutely unbelievable !
 Rare , Out-Of-Print , Collectable Win/Mac CD-ROM which includes Music Videos , Original Interview Video Footage , ` The Virtual Monkee Pad ' and Two Rare And Previously Unreleased Audio Tracks.From The Notes On The Box : Did you know the Monkees have sold over 23 million records , scored a dozen top-40 hits , three # 1 hits and five platinum albums ? Now you can step inside the wacky world of this TV-created , phenomenonal band you thought you knew . Discover the true behind-the-scenes story of the group 's spectacular rise and fall . And take a wild ride through over 8 hours of playtime - including rare and vintage video footage - that captures all the madcap fun of Hollywood 's answer to the Beatles!Features : # Check out the Never-Before-Seen 10 Chapter ` Monkees Story ' as related by Micky , Davy , Mike and Peter in original 1996 interviews , with extensive video footage # View rare and historic photos # Tour the ` Monkees Gameboard ' , spotlighting 10 music videos for the TV series - including Last Train To Clarksville and Daydream Believer - featuring over 50 enlightening trivia questions # Explore the navigable Virtual Apartment , replicated exactly from the famous Monkee Pad in the show . Includes wild and funny video clips , off-the-wall animations and sound effects , and suprising random `` happenings '' # Rock out to two high-quality stereo tracks , including the extremely rare and previously unreleased If I Learned to Play the Violin , sung by Davy Jones and recorded in early 1967 , and You and I by Michael Dolenz and David Jones from the Monkees ' October 1996 album release . # Elevate your head with Rhino 's complete discography of Monkees music.Catalog Number
 For the few people who still use their PS2 , getting this controller is totally worth it . I hated futzing with the wires from the original controllers . These work flawlessly up to 25 feet in my media room . Batteries last a good long while . No lag that I can detect .
 My 9 years old girl is enchanted with this game . She left all the other games for this one , of course `` she is a Sponge Bob Lover '' . I recomend this game to every body . Was an excelent buy .
 I bought this game for my daughter because she loves Spongebob . She enjoys it and there are different levels she can play .
 It 's a lot of fun playing against the computer . I 've been able to beat all the levels up to expert . The pro level is where it starts to get really tough for me . I also tried deity level -LRB- the highest -RRB- . That one really whips my butt ! Haha . It bingos several times each game and uses a bunch of words I 've never seen ! The deity level takes something like 10 to 20 seconds for each move and seems to make the absolute best move each time , and it shows ! On the other levels I tried , the computer always makes its move instantly , so no waiting there . The graphics look FANTASTIC and the sounds are good too . The only problem with this game is that I ca n't play online with other people . I see others have had that problem too . Even so I think it 's well worth buying . It 's great for practicing your scrabble game . You can take all the time you want and there 's no humans telling you to hurry up . All in all , this is the best scrabble playing experience I 've had against computers or humans . So despite the inability to play online games , I still give it a 5 . I love it .
 My husband & I are Senior Citizens . We enjoy using the Scrabble game on our computer to help to build our word power . We trade off using the one disc we have . I think this game is great for people that want to improve their abilities.This is our second purchase of this game in six years . The game also gives us the opportunity to go online and play the game with our friends and family . We love it !
 This game is great to use to email to your family and friends . You play whenever you read your email . We love it !
 I bought this for my sister as I already had the game , as does another sister -LRB- it is a family addiction -RRB- . She loves it as much as I do . The makers no longer sell this so the Internet is the only place I have found it ... and at a great price too . It only took about a week from when I ordered it ... got it ... and then sent it to her . Thanks for the great service
 I like playing on-line scrabble with a friend in a city that is 9 hours away -LRB- by car -RRB- I recommend it for anyone that likes the computer and also likes words games .
 Scrabble online is a great upgrade from the original scrabble . I love the play by email part of this game , and playing online is great if there are people there to play with .
 I 'm generally very impressed with the game . The gameplay is quick , the graphics are well done but not over the top , and enjoyment is high . This is certainly an upgrade from previous versions.My criticisms : * Analyze play crashes the game on both my WinXP and my Win98 box . Atari has not posted a patch to fix this as of my writing . * There are very few folks playing online . I 've seen no more than a half-dozen folks at GameSpy playing . This is perhaps an issue with how new the game is , but I was hoping for more . * After every turn from the computer player , the game stops and says that it 's your turn , requiring you to click a dialog box to continue . Very annoying.Overall it was a good effort , but not as good as it could have been .
 I love playing Scrabble and bought this game for my Windows XP computer . It worked a few times , but now I have a similar problem as others have mentioned - every time I try to play this , the computer locks up with a blank screen . I ca n't even reboot , I have to totally shut it off and turn the power back on . I have tried to buy this game twice thinking it was defective , but still does n't work . We have many games for the kids , and this is the ONLY one I like , and it does n't work . I hope someone from Atari will find this out and fix the problem .
 Because of my computer 's protections , I can not host a game using GameSpy . I must wait for others to invite me to join their games . Many others using GameSpy to find players seem to have the same complaint . I wish that problem could easily be remedied .
 As we know the N64 is a system that is past its prime and aging quickly into the abyss of `` retro '' status . So why should anyone who does not already have the system purchase one .1 . -RRB- Because of its age the price is coming down . ... If you do n't believe me , then try the mysimon.com search engine for yourself . That makes this system very affordable now .2 . -RRB- Game are the only reason for really owning a console system , so if there are very many AAA titles available that makes the system worth owning . Games like Super Mario 64 , Zelda Ocarina of Time , Zelda Major 's Mask , Mario Kart 64 , Donkey Kong 64 , WaveRace 64 , StarFox 64 , GoldenEye , Perfect Dark , make the N64 worth owning . If you can not find at least two games that you like in the above list , you might as well give up playing video games all-together . Two of my favorite CONSOLE games are Zelda Ocarina of Time and Super Mario 64 , and in my humble opinion they are reason enough to have the system , but there are several others that I like too : -RRB- Hope that you found my review somewhat helpful . Thank you for your time .
 I have owned N64 for at least five years , and I still play it , even though I bought a PS2 a year ago . The games are classic favorites , and it is great for multiplayer . The best games , in my opinion , are Mario Kart 64 , Goldeneye 007 , Smash Brothers 64 , Perfect Dark , Zelda 64 -LRB- the flute one -RRB- , and Mario 64 . If you want a good sturdy system that can actually take a good measure of physical abuse , then by all means snatch it up . The only problems I have with the system are the poor quality of memory cards it puts out , and the awkward controller . However , since at present all the high end systems are based on the plastic disk ROM/DVD format , it may be worth something in the future , and in 30 yrs you can bring it to the Antiques Roadshow and have it appraised .
 I have played Star Wars Racer with my boy for hours on end and we still pick the game up . It is fast fun , and full of good action . As for the N64 system itself , it is the best game system to buy for kids . The selection of games is more geared to children , so this is a no brainer for a birthday gift for a deserving little one !
 Star Wars Episode 1 Racer is the best nintendo game I 've ever played.OK.First of all do n't buy this because of the star wars title.It 's a game thats all about racing using the star wars name thats all.But it 's a fun challenging game and I would recomend it to anybody.If you do n't have it already I 'd buy it right here with the game console and controler.Thank you for your time .
 I play this game with my friend.We have fun playing it.If you get a nintendo 64 get this game with it.I bet you would enjoy it . ...
 If you love Star Wars , and you love N64 , you just buy all four Star Wars titles
 This is the best system nintendo has ever made !! It has my three favorite games on it -LRB- Star Wars Rouge Squadron , Star Wars Episode One Racer , and Top Gear Hiper Bike -RRB- . I love the controler that so many people hate . The only downcast is that the games should have been compact disks and the expansion pack should come with it . Now on to the game . I have to say thas is my favorite game of all time . It has 24 races and seem to grow harder . It also is the only game that has 1 code that does all the codes . It has prety good grafics with out the expansion pack -LRB- I.e. I hav n't played it with the expansion pack and it 's not that bad -RRB- . It has 23 pods I think . The courses expand from hot deserts to arctic coldness even in airborn places . The game has no weapons except sabullba 's flame jet . It does n't do much when you use it but sabullba becomes a very formidable enemy on the last lap with it ... -LRB- Ps . the all cheat code is `` rrtangentabacus '' . Thought it might help if your stuck on a race . -RRB-
 Well , I would say this game is probably the 2nd best game I 've played because the graphics were good but the game was easy , to some people it maybe challenging and it takes you a month to do it or you zip right on through it , I would recommend it for anyone .
 The graphics on this game are amazing , especially with the new expansion pack . You get the stellar game and the n64 to go with it . And all for a great price !
 The descriptin on this game is a little misleading . They do n't realy express the fact that this game sold millions world wide . That in every magazine you read , they say that this is the best game of all time ! This is the best game that I have ever played , and I do n't think that I will ever play a better game.You do n't know how good this is untill you buy the thing . I fully recomened this game to anyone , role players , racing type , anyone that likes any platform . Trust me , you will like it .
 without question , without hesitation , no matter what any gaming goof at EB or the like will tell you , FF 7 is the best game ever made.End of story .
 What other video game has had a review put in quotes on the back saying `` Quite possibly the greatest game ever made '' ? I 've just bought my 360 and love playing it . I 've been playing games since oldschool Nintendo . I remember getting Mario Bros. 3 for Christmas.There 's only one game that has ever been able to take me completely out of my element and take hold of everything I love about games and never let go.This is the masterpiece that is Final Fantasy VII .
 this goes out to a. quest for his review on ff7 and how he said that it was trash ... everyone has there own opinionand with saying that i only have 2 very strong words to say to you ... COME ONNNNNN !! COME ON!ARE YOU SERIOUS ! i remember when i was only 10 years old and ff7 was the first PS game i bought . i took it back to the store ... but because i couldnt find crash bandicoot and it was sold out i took it back home with the strategy guide i bought and tried it one more time ... and you know what happened?i loved it ! ff7 is hands down the best final fantasy game in its series . ff8 is ok ... but it was too mushy and the storyline confused me too much . ff7 's story was the best and i litterally laughed and cried like it was a t.v. soap opera -LRB- r.i.p. aeris -RRB- . the story had so much gut and enthusiasm and i keep playing every final fantasy game the squaresoft comes out with to get that `` final fantasy 7 '' feel back and you know what ? none of them never satisfy . yes of course all of the ff 's are great in their own sense but none of them has effected me like ff7 . if it werent for ff7 i probally wouldnt be playing RPG 's the way i am now . even FF10 ... 11 ... 9 ... 8 ... kingdom hearts ... brave fencer mushashi , parasite eve 1 and 2 ... none of them have nothing on what final fantasy 7 has done for the RPG world . final fantasy sucks ? get serious ! its 1 of the top 100 games you should play before you die ... so dont listen to the crap . take it from me ... get final fantasy 7 . -LRB- dont forget to get that final fantasy 7
 I ca n't really say much that has n't really been said . Great story , great characters -LRB- except Tifa , she 's just there to look good -RRB- , great battle system , yeah.My ONE problem is how stupid the hero 's name is . `` Cloud '' . A lot of people in Final Fantasy are misnamed -LRB- Yuna ? Squall ? -RRB- , but Cloud has to be the worst name in video games . Maybe if they called him something that somehow contrasts Sephiroth , who is the best villain out there . Problem is , if Sephiroth is supposed to be Sepharim , you 'd have to rename Cloud something like Diavolo and then he 'd seem evil . Why did they name the villain after an angel , anyway?In spite of my nonsense with names , this is one of the handful of games I can still play for excessive periods of time after hearing Bob Dylan -LRB- It 's like an epiphany , I swear -RRB- . For the record , the other games are :1 . Ratchet and Clank 32 . Final Fantasy X3 . Madden 20054 . Rise of Nations5 . Golden Sun6 . Dark Cloud 2You 'd have to be bloody mad to own a PSOne memory card/PSOne without FFVII .
 I 'll always hold IV and VI up there as equals , but in all actuality , I have to admit this has to be the best of the series.If you do n't like the Final Fantasy series , then do n't play them . I realize the game play can seem stiff , unexciting , and cartoonish to most people . If you 're a sports or action game fan , you may not enjoy this one . If you do like the FF series , this one will probably -LRB- or should -RRB- be your favorite game , periodA game play , which is a close 2nd or 3rd to VI and Tactics -LRB- which is the best game play an RPG can offer , in my opinion -RRB- . Also , probably the toughest secrets and side quests , maybe second to X. . . maybe . But , as far as over all gaming , style , storyline , soundtrack , and warm-squishy-feeling ending , this towers above other RPG 's . Playing this game through thoroughly can easily be to most , the meaning of life . Pfft , I 've done this 3 times now and writing this review makes me want to again.Oh yeah , and I 've played through and beat both Fallout 1 and 2 . These two series of RPG games are entirely different , and should n't be compared . Great game -LRB- s -RRB- , but severely irrelevant.The amusement park alone is enough reason to buy this game ...
 Final Fantasy 7 is probably THE best Final Fantasy game in the series , although lately the scope has been on FFX for the Ps2 , i still believe that FF7 is the most fun challenging and absorbing installment in the Final Fantasy series to date . The storyline is just incredible , dramatic , and full of twists and turns but the game somehow manages to keep away from being too serious all the time . FF7 contains tonnes of mini-games , sub-quests , and 2 `` secret '' characters that dont always appear throughout the course of the game . All of the characters are different , with their own varied personalitys and strengths in combat , and FF7 boasts possibly the most memorable villan in gaming history ... . The battling system is one of my favourites -LRB- closely tied with that of FFIX -RRB- simply because its so simple to get the hang of , but challenging to get REALLY good at . I dont want to say much more , because i wouldnt like to spoil the game for anyone , but if you complete EVERYTHING there is and spend time learning all the abilitys your character can possibly learn , theres a good 50 + hours of gameplay in these 3 discs . If you dont own a copy of this , you absolutly MUST buy one NOW !!! ... you wont regret it ...
 Three words : This game rocks . I rented final fantsy 9 once but it was defective so we took it back and instead i got final fantasy 7 . Man am i glad that happened . Im sure final fantasy 9 would be great but ff7 is just , well , perfect . The music is just out of this world . The graphics were probibly great when it was developed now i still like them but if they made a copy for the PS2 useing the great graphics of it the game couldnt get better . i fell in love the second i popped in the disk . The storyline was perfect at first they get you think your gona destroy all the mako reactors but then sepheroth -LRB- i cant remember how to spell it -RRB- shows up then you got an entirerly new mission . i wish Aeris didnt die thow she was my best spell caster . Ive spent 20 hours so far on the first disk but it fun so i dont mind that its so long . the ruby and emerald weapons are so hard to defeat . Squaresoft really outdid themself with this game.its a must buy . i like almost any rpg game but this was by far the best . i havent played any of the earlyer ff series so i dont know about them but im sure this is the best game of the series .
 Quite Possibly the greatest game ever made ... Although Final Fantasy 7 is an awsome game and in it 's time -LRB- 1997 -RRB- had the best sound , grpahics , gameplay and storyline of any RPG or other game , that is why they called it Quite Possibly the greatest game ever made . But that doesent mean it is true . On one hand you got me and all the other RPG players that love RPGs and nothing else , in that case , FF7 is Quite Possibly the greatest game ever made . But on the other hand you got people that are just the oposite . Those people would n't like this game . I have read reviews on FF7 for a while and alot of people say it 's awsome , but some say it 's horrible . I wont mention which one , but I encountered a review that was totally unfair . The person had just bought Final fantasy 7 and was already saying it sucked and they werent even on the second disk . FF7 has one of coolest and most confusing storylines I have ever encountered . It 's so confusing I ca n't even sum it up , but it is still an awsome game . I have beaten this game and there are tons of memorable movies sceenes , the ending is so cool you will beat it over and over again just to see the movie . There are couple things I do n't like about it . Aside from the storyline being to confusing , -LRB- which I have mixed feelings about -RRB- I do n't like the pre-rendered backgrounds , no matter what RPG it is , I just do n't like them . I like the battle system , but I wish you could move the characters around . Those are my only complaints , other than that , this game is awsome .
 This is the best game/movie ever!I am calling it a movie too because the stury is soooo breathtakingand your emotions will stir leaving you with a great ending and the characters really develop to people.Square has yet again pumped out a great accomplishment that you must no matter who you are have.The characters and stroyline are actually the best part of the game , they have a very interesting past especially Aeris , Cloud , and Red 13 . Although there are two characters that were kind of pointless -LRB- Yuffie and Cait Sith -RRB- the game is not lacking anywhere.And even if u think it is it will be surpassed by the great storyline and gameplay that is fun and sometimes difficult for the long time RPGers.Fun side quests such as materia collecting , skining , arcade , Weapons , and the list keeps going.This game is one of my most favorite things not just meaning games because u actually feel for the characters and this game is something that you need.If you dont have a playstation get one just for the point of this game.If you pass this up you WILL regret it.You will love this game buy it as soon as possible it is the greatest game and movie of all time .
 I do n't have this game but it is so cool -LRB- Just so you know , I 'm 12 years old and will be 13 next January -RRB- . I will play this game someday.I watched my older brother play Final Fantasy VII .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- this is the best ff game ever but why the heck do people complain about graphics.this game was one one of the best games 8 years ago , have you seen any game that was better looking at that time.theres also a remake on the ps3 right now for those who think think the graphics are bad.and if you dont still dont like the graphics then you can go f**k yourself.now that i got that out of my mind i can now go play it again
 Back when this game came out , I received a video tape of the game in the mail , I watched it several times , that was the day I decided that the Playstation was a good system , I ended up buying the game first , then getting the system for my birthday 2 weeks later . This game is the best Playstation game ever made , not to mention the best RPG . I have played through it twice , the first time by myself , and the second time with the Official guide book , it was amazing both time through , I spen 76 hours the first time , and 90 hours the second . The second time took longer because I got my characters levels up really high like 99 .
 Final fantasy seven is truely the best game made by square soft , you can tell it 's definatly a final fantasy with it 's in depth story line and it 's many hours -LRB- 56 for me -RRB- of game play . The game features the materia system which allows you to junction different types of magic to any character . I like to make one person in charge of summoning monsters and someone else in charge of all the elemental magic . All in all , this is the best game ever played by me and i 'm a very experienced RPG player .
 The story of Cloud ... Aries ... ect ... This is pretty simply cool ! Amazing music , I must say ! The graphics are great , and the Chocobo `` mini game '' is a grrrrrreeeeeeaaaaaaatttttttt addition.This game is a combo of the finest features ... music ... graphics ... storyline ... . love ... betrayal ... fights ... cinimatic ... I have played this game for ages!I love to battle the final boss . The ending is a beautiful thing . The ending takes up a whopping 3/4 of the last disc . This is probobly on my faves top ten list . I wo n't reveal a smidge of the story , cuz you got ta buy this !
 This is a great playstation game , the battle system is unlike any other rpg 's , and the storyline is exelent . A fun thing about the game is the materia , you can find it , buy it , or even sell it , also you can combine certain types of it.I got the pc version for Christmas , and played it constantly , but then the game crashed , and it never worked again.The next day i went out and bought the playstation version . It is truely a great game , you should go and buy it if you like rpg type games . The only flaw about the game is there are way to many random battles , and you end up running hoping you woulnt get attacked , but other than that the game is great .
 Final Fantasy 7 is another excellent game made by Squaresoft . The same company that made Bushido Blade and Saga Frontier . It was the reason many people bought the Playstations they own and defiantly the one of the best during the year it came out.As far as game play goes its excellent . The controls are standard to RPGs . Combat basically is turn based -LRB- which I highly prefer -RRB- with a little bar that goes up as it gets closer to your turn . It has several very fun mini-games . Also there are many characters who show an actually personality during the game . There are several Vehicles you get as the game goes by to help you with your long trips across the large world.As far as plot it 's well done . Plot being the most important part to an RPG its good to see this game was strongest in this area . Even though I wo n't reveal much on the plot I will tell you it surprises you many times . Like most RPGs you do n't get a lot of control over the plot but that 's fine it 's still a good game . The plot does n't start to shake and get lost around the end it keeps you stuck form beginning to finish.The graphics are wonderful for their time . However newer games like final fantasy 8 , Parasite Eve , and Metal Gear Solid are defiantly better . Often the characters seem a bit boxy in it . The backgrounds almost always look beautiful though.And finally as far as length of time it can stay interesting is a long time . Final Fantasy 7 is not a game you well beat in four or five games . You well defiantly have to buy this game to beat it . It 's well worth the price though.Overall this game is good . I am one of those self-important jerks who things ff3 was the best though , but it did come close . It is defiantly worth playing .
 This game ... who could put it 's measure of amazinginess into words ? I 'll try my best . Here 's how the plot goes
 This is the game of the year.The game of last year.The game of every year.No one should be deprived of not knowing or playing this game.There about 20 diffrent ways to play this so you can never get bored.The characters are so cool and cool looking.The story line of the game is the best in its class.You will have the most fun fighting and building up your characters , or going to the Golden Saucer and playing the games there and watching the shows and battling in the battling zone.All I know is you have to buy this game.Find it buy it and play it.Don ' t stop hesitate !
 Final Fantasy 7 , simply put , is the best RPG the Playstation has to offer . Gorgeous 3-D environments , beautiful animation , and a cast of truly remarkable characters make this the best of the Final Fantasy franchise . While the random battles are a bit tedious , the turn-based fighting is the true gem of this instant classic . You can summon creatures to assist you in combat , attack with weapons , or you can cast some of the best magical spells you 've ever seen on a game console . Boss battles do require a bit of patience as well as equipping the proper materia , but that 's why you started playing RPG 's anyway , right ? The game encompasses 3 cd-roms and well over 40 hours of gameplay . If you are a fan of the 16-bit RPG days , do yourself a favor and pick this gem up , especially since it 's now a `` Greatest Hit '' .
 I can 's say enough about Final Fantasy VII . Even though it is no longer on the cutting edge of RPG games , it is still one of the best . The story is very complex and flows very smoothly . The game system is great . The materia system really works well to customize the game somewhat by specializing weapons and armours . Replay value is high because it 's very intersting to see the different characters . This is definitely a time-sucking game . I 've played for hours trying to breed Chocobos just to see what 's in some of the `` unreachable '' places . If you own a PlayStation , you should own Final Fantasy VII .
 This game has an intriguing story line , awesome charicters , and very good movies and effects -LRB- considering when it was made -RRB- , definitly the BEST RPG to ever hit the gaming industry.The only RPG that comes close to it is FFVIII , which has even better imaging and a well put story line.Both of these games will keep you wanting more and ancious for the next final fantasy game.A MUST play game !
 The best RPG , or any game for that matter , ever ... period ... the end ... nothing even comes close ... it is truly amazing how great this game really is .
 This is a great RPG ! This was my second RPG game , and I still love it , I 've played it for at least 7 times , and each time it seems different and as fun as ever ! I have the PC version , but if you have PS or PS2 buy this one ! Do n't hesitate ! Buy it while it 's still in stock ! It 'll be gone before you know it ! You WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED !!!
 This game is simply untouched , when I got this game back in 1999 for my 14th birthday I just couldent wait to play it . When I finaly put it in my playstation for the first time and played it I was hooked . til this vary day I play it . And when im bord with just about every other game I have -LRB- ps2 games -RRB- I just put one of my altime fovorite games in -LRB- ff7 -RRB- . I 've also Maxed out the possible hours that could be registerd in the game , which is 99.59 hrs . I bet I more than trippled that in total . up til pretty resently I beat both emrald and ruby weapon `` the 2 most hardest bosses in the game '' . And for those who dont Know How to beat them ... -LRB- Duh ! thats what the internets for -RRB- . I preferd not to use it . I just fought died , fought died , fought and died some more . Though I did try diferent ways and techneques . There is a secret to it , im not tellin here . Theres an easy way to beat ruby with just cloud alive in battle . If you realy want know how to beat emrald or ruby e-mail me at cloudlv992003@yahoo.com or you could just go to www.gamefaqs.com or somthing .
 this game has good graphics for a very old game nice battle system very awesome story well here 's some stuff to tell u diffculty 8/10 this game some bosses can really start to kick your ass and tick u off story 10/10 really great story graphics 5/10 the graphics were n't all that great though great game if you are looking for a game that takes a long long time to beat hours of game play 10/10 this game is a very long game if u play it your first time after about the secoend time u beat and start a new game to beat it again it will go more quickly beacuse you will know mostly what to do i say the replay vaule of this game is 7/10 replay vaule = means if u beat how many times u may want to make a new game and beat it again
 Alright peeps . I 'm going to tell you why you should by this game . This game is excellent one of the best -LRB- as I mentioned above -RRB- . Look this game is basically about a few people on a mission to stop an evil corporation -LRB- Shinra -RRB- and save the world from destruction . The main charachter is Cloud . As Cloud you begin the game and meet up with a group called Avalanche , headed by Barrett . At first the game is straight forward , you fight battles and learn a little about the group your with . In hours this starts to become more complex , much more complex . You have to come to base with a lot of different meanings and the origins of certain people . This may sound simple but it really is n't . You do n't just learn about the main charachter , but also about many of the other charachters in either great detail or minor detail . The battle system is the best to date on any Final Fantasy game -LRB- Final Fantasy X-2 's system is also has a great amount of depht and is just as fun to play with -RRB- . You these things called Materia , which are basically like weapons , except used for magic -LRB- to heal , summon , etc. . . -RRB- . These objects can be combined to make magic combos -LRB- cure and all makes a combo to use cure all -LRB- heals your whole party -RRB- -RRB- . There are many ways to combine Materia and there can be many slots to put Materia in , heck you can even evolve -LRB- level up -RRB- the things . Also , which should be noted is the Limit Break . These are special super moves that not only look pretty cool , but do massive damage . Everything else is basically the same as any other RPG , level up , hp , mp , etc. . . Also of note is the greatest boss and most evil boss of all time , Sephiroth . This is probably the best Final Fantasy ever and one of the best RPG 's ever . It will have you hooked for days on end . I would go into more detail but I do n't want to give to much away . I would figure most of you will need more proof of greatness , so I will give you a few pieces of advice . 1 . Please do not , for any reason believe the people giving this game one star . If you do you will be missing out on one great game . 2 . If your not satisfied with my review and all of the other peoples reviews on this web site , you better go to Gamepro.com -LRB- their never wrong when a game is good or great , trust me and all of the other millions of people out there -RRB- or go to egmmag.com and check out their reviews . 3 . If that does n't satisfy you then there are two things to do . Either by the game or rent it somewhere on the internet or in your city . One more thing , if all of these people who say 7 sucks , really thought it sucks , then why would they by the Final Fantasy 8 . Some other great Final Fantasy games are Final Fantasy IX and Final Fantasy X-2 . Piece out , and I hope you go home happy , very happy , with Final Fantasy VII .
 it is the best final fantasy i played ever . i have play all of them so i know .
 its weird cause the first time i played it i rented it , and the game was different , in the slums i was in a place of ruins , and after i bought the game and replayed it like 3 times , i never went back to that place . i dont know why , but this game occurs depending on your actions . the storyline was like no other , even waaay better than ff8 or 10 . i definetly recommend if you like rpgs , you should buy this game . anyone who says this game is bad , must be my mom .
 This is the best game in the world . It features 9 charactes trying to save the world from Sephiroth . This game has many beautiful cut-scenes where there 's one with a rocket blasting off into space , one of Meteor recupperating from the blow it suffered , one of Cloud handing over the Black Materia to Sephiroth ... AW MAN IT `` S JUST SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COOL . Do n't mind everyone who said it 's the worst game ever they just do n't see fine quality . I 'd spend $ 999,999,999,999,999,999 if I had to . Words can not express the true feelings of Final Fantasy VII . Like Barret said , We keep on ridin ' until we ca n't no more .
 good game but since it is a PS1 game it is a little out dated but i still play it all of the time . for some reason I like as i said earlier i hate RPGs but his one has a very entertaining story to it . CLOUD is the best -LRB- Sora too -RRB-
 At a first glance , Final Fantasy VII appears to have boxy graphics , lack of special effects , and perhaps even a dull story-line with the stoic hero , Cloud Strife . However , this game offers so much more than what a quick glance can give . The characters ' graphics may not be fully detailed , but their personalities and body language make up for all of that . Each character was thoughtfully created with unique story , background , and demeanor . Unlike many of the Final Fantasy games , one does not get to know the villan as well as the mighty Sephiroth on Final Fantasy VII . I hated him , yet felt sorry for him at the same time . To make it an even more intriguing game along side of the story-line and character development , the battle system was well constructed . The Materia system allowed the player to equip Materia , -LRB- magic -RRB- to their weapons . -LRB- Certain weapons had more Materia slots than others -RRB- When some Materia is linked together such as - All - and - Lighting - it can create an overall attack on all the enemies versus just one . Though some may debate that the graphics sucked , one has to understand that this game came out in 1997 . Graphics six years ago were bound to be worse than what they are now.Pros
 This game has it all
 This Game rocks !!! This is the best final fantasy game i have ever played . It has everything . This game is my favorite game of all time !!!
 Booooo yeah!Best game I 've played ! If you like action adventure , this is the best game for it . It is sooooo cool , the movies are pretty cool also , weapon , a monster , IT LOOKS AWSOME !!!!!!! This game is totally the best , best graphics , it is just too cool . No blood so parents , no fear for children , just violence . I recomend this game to EVERYONE ! No need to rent , buy it while you still can ! I ca n't for one , to good of a game I guess .
 It definitely served to establish the PS as a major console producer and not another `` saturn '' or Panasonic .
 Final Fantasy Seven is the best out of the collection yet . Though I can not say out of all of them , though I have played eight and nine as well . The graphics on eight and nine are better , but the graphics on seven are still excellent . Seven has a beautiful and well planned plot to keep the player into the game and come back for more until the game is finally beat , for those who have n't played it yet and you are a big Final Fantasy lover , I suggest you play this one as well ! Most people are thrown off because the graphics are n't excellent , but compared to eight and nine , the game plot is wayy better then the newer versions which take most people some time to get into .
 Final Fantasy Seven is the best out of the collection yet . Though I can not say out of all of them , though I have played eight and nine as well . The graphics on eight and nine are better , but the graphics on seven are still excellent . Seven has a beautiful and well planned plot to keep the player into the game and come back for more until the game is finally beat , for those who have n't played it yet and you are a big Final Fantasy lover , I suggest you play this one as well ! Most people are thrown off because the graphics are n't excellent , but compared to eight and nine , the game plot is wayy better then the newer versions which take most people some time to get into .
 this game doesnt have the best gracphics in the world but the stroy line makes up for the graphics buy it now ull love it i beat it in 90 hours but i took the time to get every thing for it
 This game is awesome , I mean awesome ! I love the battles , especially the weapon batlles like ruby weapon , emerald weapon , and ultima weapon . I especially like to fight Sephiroth . I also like the chicobos . There so much fun to raise and then race . This game is truly five-star quality !
 This must be the absolute best game ever . Video games were just a hobby for me before this , but this game got me hooked . I felt sorry for my family and friends , since I was never around when I was playing this . Thanks , Square . Keep putting stuff like this out .
 This game -LRB- FFVII -RRB- is the only RPG that got me absorbed in the gameplay . Buy it NOW . Great graphics , great story , great battle system , its got it all . Its by far the best FF game .
 Best video game of all time . Sure , the graphics might not be as fantastic as they are in new games , but who cares because THIS GAME ROCKS .
 I 'll keep it short since everyone else said what I willTHE GOOD : Engaging storylineside quests and minigamesgood soundtrackinteresting charachters -LRB- cloud , Aerith and Sepheroth ... that 's about it -RRB- easy to use battle system ... I like the Materia systemThe Bad : Berret ... he 's anoying in every wayocasional typosMusical scores in some areas is annoyingnot so good dialougesome sound effects are annoyingfinal dungeon was rushedThe Ugly : logging in 44 hours only to find out your saved file is corrupted!Also try
 I originally purchased this game in 1997 , but my memory card erased when I got to the end . I have since defeated every FF game since then and I must say that none of them even compare to this one . Sure the graphics may be 100x better , but the gameplay in general is unsurpassed . Also , the main villain Sephiroth , is perhaps the greatest gaming villain of all time.This was the beginning of the new era of RPG 's . I was relatively new at RPGs before this and this is still one of the more difficult games.The WEAPONS are grueling and the storyline is amazing . Cloud Strife 's constant struggle to find himself during the game keeps you guessing on the plot . Squall , Tidus , and all of the other main characters of the recent FFs seem to be mere shadows of him in some way shape or form.If you feel like neglecting your family for 85 + hours , then this is the way to do it . Also , make sure you get your Golden Chocobo in order to get the best summon of any RPG ever .
 If you own a PS , PSone , PS2 , or a -LRB- shutter -RRB- PS3 . Then you need this game.I can not express how good it is . Go to any fan website on the internet and read up on it.You will get a good 70 + hours of gameplay.Anyone can just pick up and play , although this is NOT a game for those under 10 -LRB- many , MANY cusses , suggestive themes , and animated violence ... but that is why it is rated T , of course -RRB- Please note that the aforemetioned warning is n't THAT graphic , just enough to not be suitable for an 8 year old.Overall : Gameplay :15 / 5Originality :5 / 5Storyline :5 / 5Fun
 Now i 've beat final fantasies 6,7,8,9,X,X-2 tactics and tactics advanced . Out of all those games there is simply one thing that i can not do without . which is a Killer story . For its time FF7 had a killer story but the only killer part of it was the infamous sephiroth aeris scene , which i almost shed a tear for.It did have memorable characters . Tifas chest , clouds hair and sword . Barret with his gun arm , Aeris with her innocence . and Sephiroth with his mean look . Though alot of the other ff 's had memorable characters.I had a problem with the whole materia use , i prefer the junction system of ff8 . but the gameplay did n't please no annoy me . It was just a means to getting where all gamers want to go which is the end of the game . and Speaking of the end of the game , the final boss is the one reason i wont play this game again . I got to him once , beat him once and vowed never to play this again.Advice
 Final Fantasy VII is remarkable in every way.The story is brilliant , rich , and engaging . The characters draw the player into the world of FF7 like nothing else . Personal favorites are the cool , collected Cloud , ambitious , bigmouthed Cid , wise , mysterious Red XIII , and the most popular video game villain of all time , the maniacal Sephiroth.The music creates a cinematic feel that few games can accomplish . I own the game soundtrack and listen to it often . There are more than eighty different pieces , each of them telling a different part of the story.The gameplay
 Final fantasy VII was one of the first Playstation games that I ever played . This game drew me in thanks to it 's stunning 3D Graphics -LRB- a little outdated now - but were stunning back then -RRB- , it 's absolutely marvelous storyline and astonishing gameplay . I actually got this game by luck , and after playing it , I did whatever I could to get it 's brothers and sisters . Now I own most of the final fantasy series and I love every last bit of them.I would recommend this game to all who have a basic reading ability , but do take note of the rating -LRB- G +8 -RRB- .
 This game is probably the best in the world . Really , it has an awesome storyline , fairly good graphics , and an awesome cast of characters . Great soundtrack and battle system . Nice work Squaresoft .
 The first six Final Fantasy games were quality RPGs , with unique storylines and good gameplay . People liked them . But it 's not like they were the premier game line or anything.Then came Final Fantasy Seven . The first to feature a 3D field , Final Fantasy Seven stretched across three discs of unforgettable story , amazing gameplay , and -LRB- for their time -RRB- excellent graphics . It blew the entire gaming community away -- it was like getting mugged in a meadow.This is a definite must-have for ANY gamer 's collection . It is simply that good . And I personally believe that is has earned the title Greatest Game of All Time .
 Final Fantasy VII in my opinion is the best RPG game ever created and it definately blows away the others that have followed . The graphics are not as good as the ones that followed but one has to think of when this game came out . The story was supurb , music was great and there 's not too many villians like Sephiroth . It took me many , many hours to beat this and many days at work struggling to stay awake from staying up all night playing . Not too many games have kept my interest like this one did , my life would n't have been complete if I did n't beat this game . Most that like this type of games know what I 'm talking about but to those who have n't played this should check it out . This is definately the break through game that changed RPG games forever .
 yes , this game is omg old , now with this price it `` god `` it has strong storyline , great effects and deep meanuing in the story.it is square 's best work in FF series
 ... Dont pay attention to him ... he seems to be a member of the `` elitist RPGer '' group.Which is in other words a group of 14 year old kids who sit around playing elitist-styled computer RPGs all day . Sure , this game may not be that old-school , but please ... nobody cares about that . It 's still fun .
 I 've already written a review about final fantasy 7 . I said how much I LOVED it . It is , and always will be a superb experience . If square had any PROPER marketing brains at all , they 'd put EV-ER-Y SINGLE Final Fantasy game on a really huge , -LRB- in the amount of memeory it had -RRB- games console of it 's own . They should , DEFINETELY remake Final Fantasy 7 , BUT , And I stress , BUT , DO NOT alter the story or fundamentals of the game . I know some may think thats a stupid and almost naive idea , but to me , it would be class . On an added note , I would like to grangradulate Cloud Mcaeirs for his ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE REVIEW !! I do n't think I could have put it into better words in a million Years !!! And even more suprizingly , to myself especailly ; I do n't think I could ever love the game as much as that . Kudos Cloud . Kudos to You ! You 've done an ABSOLUTE GEM of a game proud !
 Right of the bat I 'll tell you the main graphics suck , but the FMV sequences are wonderfully rendered . The plot is intricate , but is only beyond understanding if you do n't pay attention . I found the plot wonderfully engaging and never boring , filled with enough twists and suspense to keep you interested all through its three disk length .
 First , to newbie gamers , I highly recommened this masterpiece to you . It is a rich work ; plot , characters , item usage , formidable enemies , and much much more . I have been the proud owner of this game for over 3 years , and still enjoy it as much as I had during my first few hours of gameplay . One word of warning
 It may have many rivals , but in my mind Final Fantasy VII wins the competitionPros : In 97 you were getting all the graphics you could ask 4The materia system is one of the easiest FF systems aroundThe charctars get emotionally attatched to you -LRB- Good Job Square !! -RRB- The Storyline is hands down the greatest story a gmae ever toldThe sound is pretty goodThe game -LRB- when I first got it -RRB- was very long , as well as addictingSephroth , the greatest villan a game has ever graced -LRB- I know I said the characters were good already , but man , I just think Sephrooth is the baddest !! -RRB- This game will keep you playing it over and over again , heck , I 'm still playing it this very day.Perhaps the greatest game known to manCons : Well dated graphics -LRB- I mean the small blocky fat versions of everyone -RRB- Why does Aries die before disc one ends -LRB- That made me cry a river , and it just showed me how good of a bad Sephroth could be -RRB- Pretty pitiful translationAnd what happend to the ending ? Well let 's hope the sequel clears up that problem ...
 The only , only , only , only , only , only , thing that I did n't like about Final Fantasy VII was the Materia system . It takes an eternity to master all of the Materia . Other than that , this IS the greatest game ever .
 First of all , there is no doubt about it that this is a great game . It has one of the greatest stories of all time as well as some of the most rewarding gameplay . The battle system is great and easy to master . There are only a few things that keep it from perfection , 1st , it can be extremely difficult at times to know exactly what you are supposed to do -LRB- I suppose if you like non linear gameplay alot you would like this -RRB- . 2nd , sometimes the `` savepoint '' issue can be a problem -LRB- When you have to go to school in 5 minutes and you ca n't get to a savepoint -RRB- . 3rd , in some of the `` rooms '' in the game it can be difficult to see where you are supposed to go . The only other thing -LRB- which really does n't truly bother me too much -RRB- is the charechter graphics compared with the landscape graphics . The chars . are cartoonish and very blocky while the landscapes are extremely smooth and stunningly beutiful . Besides these things which in the end are minor compared to all of the great things , this is quite possibly one of the greatest games ever made . * NOTE
 Final Fantasy is one of the most adored sagas in Video Game history . Chocobos and Moogles are almost as recognized as Zelda and Mario by alot of people . The seventh installment , released in 1997 , still has one of the best plots and gameplay in the series . It has the perfect balance of science fiction , fantasy and horror , and this mix works quite well . I would recommend it to someone buying a Playstation 2 , because I 'm sure by its sequels that it still stands up to games made today . An awesome tale of mystery , magic , government corruption , and tragedy awaits the gameplayer .
 The world of Final Fantasy VII is waiting to be explored ; only question is , are you ready for it?You play as Cloud , the serious male protagonist , who can not remember much about his past -LRB- due to the injection of Jenova cells . . and the fact that he 's a would-be Sephiroth clone -RRB- . Cloud 's adventures take him to many wonderful sites ; you have the Gold Saucer , his home-town with beautiful but creep mountains , and even the Temple of the Ancients.Players will be kept hooked until the finale as Meteor crashes down upon earth . The only real turn-off to those who have n't played it yet is the graphics , but think of this ; Final Fantasy VII was made in 1997 , so the beauty of VIII and IX were but a dream.Play it if you have n't already . You wo n't be disappointed .
 OH MY GOD ! I 've had this game for about 4 years now and it still kicks a ** ! The plot is amazing and totally unique -LRB- and never gets old -RRB- The characters are dynamic and well done , the combat system is well thought out , and the magic system is much better than that of FFVIII . The only possible flaw with this game is the polygonal graphics , but when everything else is so amazing , WHO GIVES A F *** ? The story follows a rebel group known as AVALANCHE as they battle a large evil multinational corporation , but as they get closer to bringing it down , they soon realize the real fight for the safety of the world is still to come when a madman known as sephiroth -LRB- the greatest villain ever concieved -RRB- tries to summon forth a power that will destroy the planet , but amke him an all powerful being . Plot twists galore and about 70 hours of gameplay make this game an entirely different experience .
 I bought this game when it first came out , and I will tell you that it is the best game I have ever played ! Not just the best RPG . THE BEST GAME EVER ! No hype . Thats just the way I feel . Final Fantasy VII was the first RPG I ever really played , and it was an unfogetable -LRB- cue Nat King Cole -RRB- experience . I spent three months playing that game , and fell behind my studies because of it . But I enjoyed every minute of it . Some people will tell you that it is too easy , or that the game is too linear , but pay no attention . Final Fantasy VII is easy enough for newcomers , but has enough stuff too keep old school gamers playing for months on end . And I am being totally honest when I say it has the best story of any of the past Final Fantasy 's . Do n't agree with me ? TOUGH ! Who 's writting the review ? Besides , it has tons of memorable moments . The opening sequence . Cloud riding the motor-bike . Clouds flash-back -LRB- Sepheroth walking through the flames ! -RRB- Cid 's rocket . The final boss -LRB- best last boss music in a game ! -RRB- . The list goes on . But you get the point . You must buy this game ! NOW ! .
 This is the greatest game ever ! It has solid graphics , good sound , and the best story line ever in a game . If you arn ' an rpg fan get it . If you are get it , keep it , devour it . The characters are really cool . Cloud Strife is the main character an Ex-Soilder for Shinra . He then joins Avalanche with Barret , Biggs , Wedge , and Tifa . Along the way they meet many other characters and the coolest bad guy ever Sephiroth . Jenova , Shinra , Reno and the Turks are also some bad guys you 'll have to fight along the way . Buy this game if you dont have it . I give it 10 stars out of 5 .
 I think that this is the greatest game ever done by Squaresoft . I say the Weapons were the best part besides the cool equip weapons like speacials -LRB- Ultimate Weapons -RRB- or Summons were also pretty cool . I spent many hours on this game but still I never got all the things . I think the most funnest part of it was finding or buying things you neede . The battles were pretty fun too . John
 Simply put , the best PS game ever created ! This is the game that revolutionized the PlayStation 's gaming history & what brought the Final Fantasy series back to life ! This 3-disc game not only posseses an in-depth storyline and gameplay , but the amount of extras and hidden bonuses give FFVII neaar endless replay value ! This is the game that turned me not only into an avid video game player , but an RPG fanatic ! If you have never played this game -LRB- if you have never heard of it , then shame and pity on you ; if you do n't have a PS2 , let alone a PS1 , then crawl back under your rock -RRB- , then by all means shell out the -LSB- money -RSB- to buy this game ! You wont regret it , trust me ! Enjoy!Ideliron
 I am in LOVE with this game . I was walking by my local video game retailer when I decided to stop by . I found this game ... , and let me tell you , this is the most amazing game I have ever played . It was worth much more than -LSB- what -RSB- i paid for it . The most noted feature is the in-depth storyline . It will keep you amazed until the very end . The characters are some of the coolest I 've seen -LRB- except for Dante in Devil May Cry -RRB- , and you can customize their stat points as well as their magic . I really love the soundtrack of the game also . There is also a level where you can play arcade games . Some of the cons would be that the battles can become really annoying at times , and if you are not at a high enough level , it will take forever to beat some bosses . This game should never be underlooked .
 This game is SO GOOD ! For a PlayStation game , the graphics are great ! The boss fights and all the little enemies are great.Sephiroth has a great roll as the villain and plus Cloud dresses as a girl.If you like RPG 's this is definatly the game you should buy .
 classic storyline , good music , sweet battle system . One of , if not the , best game ever made .
 Rewrite
 FFVII is the best ! In this FF , you get to equip stones called materia and use abilities based on what the materia is . And the best part is , after a while , when you bring a materia to its higest level , it will form another materia of the same type . The amount of materia you can equip is based on what weapon you have equipped . And you can improve materia with other materia , on some occassions . There are five different types of materia : a -RRB- Magic Materia
 Oh my god , how could I have waited so long to review this . Ah , I do n't even know where to begin . This is the best game I have ever had the exquisite luck to play ; the storyline is excellant and rivals that of most movies that have come out . The details that the creators went to the create this masterpiece take my breath away . The graphics are old-fashioned , a fact that should not take away from the story if you , like me , are a true gamer.Borrowing heavily from Norse mythology , the Bible , the Qabalah and other religious sources , this game weaves a story that I ca n't even begin to go into . I love it because I am a RPGer at heart , but also a lover of good stories . This game has frustrated me to no end because I still have n't figured it out , but that frustration is what drives me to still pick up the controller and play . Not a game for younger players , I think the rating is too low for the language and violence , not to mention the quite esoteric references that most will NOT get . If you have to time and the patience to not only play a 40 + game but also try to figure out how it all comes together , I HIGHLY recommend Final Fantasy VII . If it were a book , my copy would be covered with creases and markings from rereadings , and the day I truly do figure it all out is the day the world will truly end .
 This game is sooooooooooo amazingly awesome . It has to be like Squaresoft 's best game as far as story and music go ever ! I spent hours a day playing this game . In fact , I spent like 100 hours overall ! There are sooooooooooo many different and awesome minigames to play along with the main storyline . Even more , the plot has so many twists and turns , you 'll never know what 's going to happen next ! My bros and I have played the game like 2 or 3 times each it 's so good ! If you have n't played this game , you 've never lived ! I think that everyone in the whole wide world should go out and buy this game RIGHT NOW ! Even if you do n't have a Playstation -LRB- just stare at the cover . it 's awesome enough ! -RRB- . The music is totally totally awesome ! I think that whoever wrote the music -LRB- I ca n't think of his exact name right now -RRB- should get the Noble Peace Prize or something even better ! If Squaresoft keeps making games like FFVII , they 'll soon be RULING THE WORLD ! -LRB- evil , manical , cackling laugh ! -RRB- Bye , and enjoy the BESTEST BEST GAME EVER MADE ! Later .
 This is it ! the best game of all time even ff8 ca n't stand over this game I did not like rpg 's tell I played this game there is no reason not to buy it ... well you might lose you ' r job get kicked out of school lose you ' r boy/girlfriend because you will do nothing but play this game ! and belive me or not I stayed up for a full week to play this game with only a 15 min brake every 5 hrs ! and I had my parants get me homeschool just so I could play this game more !!! no I 'm not lieing ! BUY THE GAME !!!
 I bought this game when a i was 7 . I didnt really understand it but when i got older i played this game hours everyday . The graphincs are good for an old game , and the music is unbelievable ! You must get this game . The main charcater is kinda wierd but the adventure is better than most books i hve ever read . If u thought FF9 was good , then when u play this , ull write a review urself . THIS GAME IS UNBELIEVLABLE ! GET IT
 Final Fantasy VII , though not graphically to par with newer FF 's , is by far better than FFs IX+X . Sure ff X has the graphics , but Final Fantasy VII has a great storyline , good minigames , loads of secrets , huge bosses , and the best music ever.although , sadly , no , you ca n't revive Aeris , ...
 First thing is , this is the BEST video game ever made . Nothing is better . I have played many games since Commodore 64 . But this one , GREAT graphics in the movies , GREAT Music , GREAT story line . You might think Final Fantasy 8 or 9 is better for the origional PS , think again . Its this one with the good Story plot . If you end up buying this game , and you hate it . No offence , but id say your messed up
 This game is AWESOME !!! The characters are sooo cool . My favorite is Tifa Lockhart . The gameplay of this baby is awesome with its plot twists ! One thing , they should remake this game , but make Cloud Strife Matt Hardy -LRB- so hot -RRB- and Barret Wallace Jeff Hardy !! I 've also played Final Fantasy VIII and the graphics are a bit better , but you can only name one character !! This game is overall great !!
 Title sums it up , this is easily the greatest video game of all time . There is absolutely nothing bad about it , great story , great graphics , great music , great battle system , great cut scenes , plenty of quests , awesome bosses . This is the pinnacle of the FF series and of modern gaming .
 I remember all the hype surrounding Final Fantasy VII when it was set to be released . GamePro had allready said it may be the greatest game ever made , and that itself is quite a title . I never really liked RPG 's , I 'm more of an action gamer , but with all the hype surrounding this game , I figured what the -LSB- heck -RSB- and rented it a few days after it came out . I was dumbfounded the first time I played it , I was speachless . At the time I had never seen graphics like that , and the storyline was so engrossing that I felt a wave of depression actually set over me when I had to take it back . As pathetic as that sounds , the day I returned it to the video store , I went out and bought Final Fantasy VII and kept playing for days . Eventually I beat it , then a buddy of mine showed me his strategy guide and I realized I missed a lot of side stuff and extras , so I played through again using the guide , and the experience was even better . If you have never played any Final Fantasy game before this one is worth picking up , even if you do n't like RPG 's you 'll dig this , though I suggest picking up the BradyGames strategy guide to make the game even sweeter . Truly one of the greatest games ever made .
 This game shows you your power to train the power to win and to have the time of your life.Cloud has gave his all from the beginning to the end.He showed them his all , but when Aries dies he starts to fall apart , but his friends help him to join distory the 2nd worst evil.If you do n't know what I am taking about check FF8.To test your skill distory the 3 powerful monsters in the game .
 If you 've ever played Final Fantasy 7 or any of the Final Fantasy games , you know how fun , enertaining , and addicting these games are . With beautiful graphics , great characters , and an involving plot , this game will blow your mind .
 There are few games that keep a player glued to the TV for countless hours.Meal Gear Solid ... Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2,Spider-Man . and now , FFVII has finally made it into my PlayStation.The games core originates at it 's incredible graphics , Finley tuned music , characters , and it 's intruiging story.using 3D animations on pre-rendered backgrounds , makes this game a must.The games FMV 's dont show up very much on the first disc , but come 2nd disc ... sheer brilliance.if i could sum up FFVII in 1 word ... it would be . . perfect ... astonishing ... and most of all......ORIGINAL.GAMEPLAY-10 : best gameplayive seen in a long while.Graphics-9 .7 : while there not a perfect 10 , there still dazzling.STORY-10 : very involving storyline.Replay Value-9 .8 : there 's alot of replay value ... and i mean . . ALOT.OVERALL :9.9 go buy this game , it 's sheer brilliance .
 This game is a great game ... though not as great as it 's decendant -LRB- FF8 -RRB- . This game offers great graphics the best ever next to 8 . I have yet to play -LRB- ff9 -RRB- .85 % -90 % you will play the part of cloud strife , an ex-SOLDIER . Soldier is an elite group of men and Women taught to fight very well.However cloud is removed from training because he does n't fit the parameters of a soldier.If you intend on buying it you should also get the memory card and the Offical guide to go along.Both will help in that the memory card will save your current location . . without it you can not save and your work would have been for nothing.The Offical guide will help you to navigate through this fast paced game.It can get confusing at times so be careful.The battle system is somewhat tricky at first but you get used to it.This game has an excellent story line as does mostly everything that squaresoft produces.The numerous enemies and bosses that you pummel into the ground will earn you experience points and gil.Gil is the money system they have . Only way to get gil is to battle.only way to find materia is to buy it or find it.Money is a key asset.Many times you will have to buy life potions and weapons.You can find one in any stage you go to if you look hard enough.The game itself is not bad but it lacks light.which is what Final Fantasy 8 turns out to be.This game is long and full of excitement.Though long it is an excellent game . The characters that they designed are extremmely cool whether it be the gentle but strong Aeris or the stubborn yet cool Tifa.Both female characters are interesting as a love triangle forms between cloud and these two ladies.The music is the best ever better that 8 , I would say.The victory song from after you 've beaten an enemy into oblivion is by far the best in the game.While it only lasts a minate it will stick in your mind.In several parts in the game cloud our main character must save either Tifa or Aeris.There are also event games where they snow board or ride bikes.And last a word or advice , while battling keep in mind you and your companions health levels.Build up experience and money.GOOD LUCK ON YOUR JOURNEY NEW PLAYERS !
 Final Fantasy 7 is the best game out there . If you get final fantasy 7 you 'll love it trust me . Get this game . It has love , fighting and great pictures and char . This game is way better then Xenogears and Final Fantasy 8 and Final Fantasy 9 in Final fantasy 9 the char are very very bad . If you want a good RPG for a good price get Final Fantasy 7 . The best RPG ever..-Aeris Lover
 I got code veronica and i thought that there was no game as good . then i got Final Fantasy 7 it was better the characters did not look good but it was ok . The only promblem was the emerald and ruby weapon . They are harder than the boss of the game . The worst problem is the game is three disces but on the 3 you just beat the bosses of the game . I wish the game wood be longer and it was way to easy the first boss was harder than the last . over all go buy it !
 this game has great graphics ! i want to play continuesly ! i 'd say this is squaresofts greatest work yet . if you would like to sit down and play an exiteing and challenging vid game then this should be your selection !
 I GOT STARTED ON THIS GAME WITH THE ONE IN NINTENDO . LOVED ALL OTHER FINAL FANTASY GAMES , SO IF YOU LOVE RPG TRY THE OLDER ONES LIKE FFIII
 Final Fantasy 7 was a thrill ride . It was quite a step up from the last installment , Final fantasy 3 , and the mini-movies were breathtaking . It totally takes control of you , all you want to do is play . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because a few sections of the plot were a little dumb and confusing , and you should n't have to worry so much about what you have to install with the characters . I also wish they revived certain characters like they did in the Japanese version ! Overall , I 'd say that this game was definately worth buying and it was very entertaining , just make sure your game does n't get erased on the last disk ... like mine was .
 Think About it , this game won me over to the RPG universe . I wonder how many countless others it did too .
 This game is among the greatest ever made . Period . Not just for its day , but for all time . The first final fantasy to appear on the playstation , it entered well , using graphics never even approached in any of its previous installments . This game is endless hours of play , with an amazing , compelling , and often sad story . One particular moment of this game was cited as among the top 10 moments in gaming ... ever . The combat system was revolutionary , brilliantly structured , the plot even better than the previous final fantasy -LRB- and coming from someone who has played that game 5 times through , that says something -RRB- . Quite simply , if you enjoy RPGs at all , and have n't played this game , you 've been depriving yourself . As a gamer , I STRONGLY encourage you to pick it up and play it ... just make sure you can put the controller back down when you need to , as this game is currently doing damage to my chemistry grade .
 Final Fantasy VII is like any other Final Fantasy game , a great soundtrack and a great story . The graphics do n't look as good a Final Fantasy VIII , but it is a very good game . If you like Final Fantasy VI , you 'll really like this game .
 Okay , do n't get me wrong - I loved this game . It was really fun , and it had an entertaining story line and everything , but it was / so / easy . The first time I played Final Fantasy 3 -LRB- or 6 , if you prefer -RRB- , it took me fifty or sixty hours to finish . Playing 7 for the first time , I finished it in just over thirty . I did n't do much of the extra stuff , I admit , but still ... . It was so / short / ! I 'm goin back now and playing through all the subquests , and it 's still awesomely fun , but it was a bit of a letdown that first time .
 When I first got this game it totally blew me away . I never was so amazed by a game when I got it , not even by Final Fantasy 8 . Finally Squaresoft got rid of those `` every town looks the same '' , `` people walk only one tile at a time '' , graphics . The prerendered backgrounds really add dimension , especially how you can walk into the background or foreground . However , this game lacks severely in the replay department.As for the characters , they are pretty lackluster . Midgar is wonderfully decadent city with a huge gap between the haves and have nots . Even though the plot starts off with the whole `` evil empire '' thing , I think that having a corporation as the villain is a great but often used idea . The whole new-age living-earth thing works too . The story is put together mostly as a mystery to solve . I like that much better than RPGs where you can tell what `` secret '' events are going to happen way ahead of time.As for gameplay , the materia system is horrendous . There is absolutely no difference between the characters except for Limit Break attacks -LRB- and that ai n't much -RRB- . The endless customizing of stats gets tedious fast .
 I got this title for the nostalgic factor , but my children have started playing it also . The plot is good , and the graphics were great for its time .
 The only qualm I have for the game itself is that , while I can play it on my Play Station 2 , I can not save it on there because the memory disk-things are a different format than those of a PS1 . Other than that it is a pretty fun game with a good story . It is an old game , so it does n't feel right to rag on it for its aesthetic quality . The world of the game is beautiful , though.The game was delivered to me promptly and in extremely good condition , practically like new , minus the cellophane .
 This game was in excellent condition and I am completely satisfied with it . It came very quickly -LRB- I rush ordered it -RRB- , which was a relief as I needed it by a specific date . Overall , 5 stars ; there were no problems at all with my purchase .
 To start out with , if you are going to buy this game , do NOT bother buying it new ; $ 249 is a lot of money , and even though I could pay that , I 'd rather pay 10 % of that and get it used -LRB- which I did do -RRB- . Pros : Has beautiful CGI cutscenes , that look better than the in-game cutscenes of Final Fantasy X -LRB- in some ways -RRB- Has fun gameplay -LRB- aside from the mini-games -RRB- , and will keep you hooked for hoursHas great music , and will keeped you hooked into the game for hours , even if the gameplay does n't , which it shouldHas an even better storyline , and like Final Fantasy X , if for some reason you hate the gameplay and the music -LRB- which is a hard thing to do -RRB- , the story should keep you glued to your TV set with controller in handHas an easy 30 + hour completion time , without doing the side quests , ideal for those that like lots of gameplay timeHas good player customization -LRB- with what you call `` Materia '' -RRB- , but not nearly as good as Final Fantasy X -LRB- although if you thought it was too time consuming in Final Fantasy X , this is much faster -RRB- The battle speed can be set as slow or fast as you want , with many settings in betweenCons : This game has a somewhat high encounter rate ; if you 're just playing this game for the story , you may want to consider using a cheat code for no random battles or something , as you 'll be spending huge amounts of time with the random battlesThe graphics outside of the battles are very awful , using low polygon levelsThe graphics inside of the battles are n't too bad , but still leave a lot to be desiredIf you have much in the way of scratches on your discs , namely where the CGI cutscenes happen to be , look forward to the game going into an eternal freeze , and not being able to do anything about it , except try it on your PS2 or PS3If lots of extreme `` French '' language bother you , you may not want to play this game , as two of your main characters use these words a LOT and other side characters do as wellThis game comes with 3 discs , so if you are too lazy to get off your rear end after so many hours of play , to switch the discs , then this game is not for you . Fortunately you really only switch twice.If you are a casual gamer , and not willing to spend lots of extra time to level up , and are not really good at RPGs , this game may not be for you , as it can be quite hard sometimesThis game uses the Active Time Battle -LRB- ATB -RRB- , like Final Fantasy IV - VI . It is fun , but from Final Fantasy IV - IX , it begins to dull . I personally like the Conditional Turn-Based Battle -LRB- CTB -RRB- more , which can be found in Final Fantasy X , as it leaves room for more strategy , and faster battles , without worrying about the running time clock . However , it is still fun , and will give you hours of fun gameplay.The mini-games are , at best , meh . They really are n't all that fun , and there are a lot that are mandatory.A lot of people say this game is really sad and that they cried a lot ; while this may be true , you 'll likely be crying more in Final Fantasy X.The save-points in this game are far and few between . Do n't play this if you have only 10 minutes before you have to leave for work or school . Also , the save-points do n't restore your party 's HP and MP , so you 'll have to load up on costly items.Summary : This is a really fun game , with a great storyline , and a great music soundtrack , with stunning CGI cutscenes . However , it does have a lot of flaws , but not enough that it should keep you from playing this game . It is easily in my top 10 list of favorite games , and should be in yours also .
 A classic for anybody who still has a Playstation , or a Playstation 2 . This game is pretty freakin ' awesome . Not going to spoil anything , but you should play it if you have n't already .
 All `` cloud 's giant sword '' jokes aside , this game has one of the most loyal fanbase in gaming.Is it worthy of all the fanfare?Well , i do n't thing it 's worthy of rabid fanboyism and a 200 dollor price range , but it is a damn good game.Dispensing with my usual `` the good , the bad , and the meh . '' format . let 's do a rundown by detail.Graphics : It is a real mixed bag.The character models out of battle look ridiculous out of battle and pretty nice in battle.the backgrounds range to beautifully picturesque to `` let 's see how much brown we can get away with . '' The cutscenes are pretty epic . * SPOILER ALERT * The high points to me were the opening , the shinra building getting blown up and part of midgar callapsing onto a section of the slums . * okay you can look now * The gameplay : No real suprises really , aside from it including an active time battle system.Minigames : They are actually pretty neat and they give you lots of incentive to do them . -LRB- maybe a little too much incentive actually , seeing how one of them is the only place to get Omnislash . -RRB- My favorite being the chocobo farming and racing.The story : Well , pretty good , but i think FF VI and IV did it better tbh.Most of the game is traveling around the world chasing the big bad while avoiding or fighting the other big bad -LRB- shrinra -RRB- and unraveling the past.oh , and there 's this really weird scene in wall-market ... The music : Here 's where the game REALLY shines , giving us some of the most memorable tunes in video games.Just listen to One winged angel , Now THAT is what death sounds like ! -LRB- albeit kinda a Jaw 's theme rip-off -RRB- Cosmo Canyon 's theme is amazing.The shinra theme stands out to me to.Music is subjective though so you may hate it.The characters : Cloud
 The graphics , storyline , battle system , and first game to use 3-d in final fantasy series make it a amazing game , WHEN IT WAS RELEASED !!! It set the bar for the next generation of RPGs and i 'll agree that the bar was passed by decedents of the game , but those games have a distinct advantage ... they were built off of FF7 and also employed more advanced methods of graphics , and more refined systems.If you played FF8 , or FF9 -LRB- horrible btw -RRB- , and then play this game and proceed compare a game that preceded both of the aforementioned games , of course it wo n't compare ... you honestly expect the original to beat out its decedents -LRB- that used the tech in FF7 vastly improved -RRB- in a ever improving , ever changing gaming industry ? I say that you did n't play the games in release order so you 'll NEVER understand those who did.and if you play ANY game that was the original that has any credible titles being made afterwards , you see improved graphics and changes that will make it seem like a `` better '' game , when in fact it is n't ! FF8 would n't have been anywhere close to the mind-blowing amazing game it is , if FF7 had n't paved the way beforehand !!!!!!! and i am sure that if you compared FF8 to FFX you would find FFX to be worlds better too . primarily if you played FFX first and FF8 second !!!
 -- GRAPHICS
 The first game I ever played all the way through to the finish . I was completely obsessed with it , the characters , the story . I think it has one of the best soundtracks in gaming history . Sephiroth has the greatest villian theme song since Darth Vader . It started a life time love for RPGs in me , and every time I start a new one I cross my fingers and hope it 's going to be as great as FFVII . Few have been equal to it .
 I like how 90 % of people either rate this game absolutely perfect or a complete waste of time with almost no 2-4 star ratings . Complete fanboyism or complete anti-fanboy , fanboyism . Let it be known that I did not grow up with this game so I do n't have the nostalgia glasses on when reviewing this game . So , let me grab my anti-flame shield to avoid being destroyed by 30-something-year old , butthurt fanboys for giving this game a star less from absolute perfection .1 . Gameplay/Battle System - The controls are intuitive and easy to understand . Nothing complicated there . The game 's challenge comes in the ATB where characters have to actively wait before acting on your commands . It creates a tension in battle because you have to quickly decide what to do before time is up and you ca n't afford those precious seconds wasted , especially during boss battles . The game is neither too hard nor too easy . Power leveling is n't required for normal battles . Grinding a level or two is required for some bosses , especially the secret ones . Ohter than that the game does a good job with difficulty . The materia system takes some getting used to however . That is the complicated part to really grasp and use intelligently . Some characters , like Tifa would n't be a good healer , so white magic materia is useless to her . You have to take each characters stats into play when equipping them with materia on their weapons . I like the strategy system in play , though some felt it to be somewhat overly complicated.Plotline / Characters - Many people consider this the best part of the game . I think it 's a very intelligent story , even by today 's standard . In fact , it 's better than about 90 % of video game plotlines . No exaggeration and I played this game in 2010 . It really does get you caring about the characters . One thing I did n't like however , and this is kinda big , is the main protaganist Cloud Strife . He 's just plain unlikeable and has n't the slightest inkling of a distinct personality , BUT the storyline justifies him being the way he is and I understand his appeal to young people , but I just plain do n't like him . He has basically no personality . Everyone else , especially Tifa are very likeable and you find yourself involved with their personal place in the overarching plot.Graphics - First rpg with 3D rendering that complimented the gameplay and story . PSOne graphics aside , they are groundbreaking like everything else.Overall , this is a fantastic game . A few unanswered story elements and an emotionally dead protaganist are my only real gripes.If you have a ps2 , buy this game . Do it . Forget the hype , haters and fanboyism and enjoy this marvelous experience . Cheers and happy gaming !
 This is my favorite video game . I still remember seeing the preview for it on TV
 I first played Final Fantasy VII a year or so after it 's release . I was maybe 12 years old at the time , and it was different from most games that I 'd played . It was my first RPG , and it took me a while to understand the gameplay and flow . Once I did , I got completely consumed by the story , the characters , the world , the music , and the entire aura that the game exudes . Since then , I 've played the game through many times , and it 's still just as amazing each time . Everything is perfect . An absolute masterpiece .
 This game was my first RPG back in the day . I absolutely loved it . I really would love to play it again , and I 'm sure this game is overhyped for many that did n't play it back in the day . This game had charm , great CG cutscenes , and it totally captured me in the last few hours . Some say it would n't hold up by today 's standards , and maybe not . But I would love to play it again someday -LRB- maybe on PSN -RRB- and would love even more a remake done in HD.I 've been an RPG fan ever since .
 I just could n't take it . There were so many negative comments that refer to a certain character dying . This is one of the greatest reasons this storyline was epic . What does no other video ever have ?? This death really gives you a sense of loss.So because of this plot point and all the rest of the mystery of the storyline and the game 's great music.Because Final Fantasy VII is really a Movie with a game attached.Final Fantasy VII will always be the best RPG.Maybe someone should think about including a similar death in a new video game .
 This is the best game ever . I have had this game since the first day it came out , and I have to say back then it was challenging but now that I am older I can get through it quite easily . This game was an amazing experience .
 This is the best RPG ever . That just involves you the player . Other people will argue that diablo or warcraft are superior . This game offers you a minnimum of 60 hour of game play . Lot of side quests . Great story line . And you wo n't have to divorce your significant other over it , because you 're playin with some kid on the other side of the country you do n't know . Graphics are about the best for the era from which the game came from . If you are lookning for a good RPG with a good story , this is it . I 've had my copy for 15 years . Ever 5 years or so I just get an itch to play it again .
 This game was a huge leap forward for the FF series . This is one of my favorite video games I 've played and I will never sell it . Funny to think my Aunt got this for me for my birthday for $ 10 new .
 Graphics
 If you are a video game rpg fan , you must play this game out , it is fantastic . It has the most complex magic system ever in a game . The combat menu is fast and smooth . The options are just endless . One tip though , if you are going to play this one , make sure you get a walkthough book , you are going to need it no matter how good you think you are . This game is just so deep , rich and real . Check it out for yourself !
 I have played this game several times , and it only gets more exciting . Sure , I 'm failing all my classes because I cant drag myself away from my PS , but its all worth it . The graphics may be outdated but the game makes up for it with an engrossing storyline , an awesome magic system , an excellent soundtrack , loveable heroes , and hateable enemies . If you buy only one PS game in your life , make it Final Fantasy 7 !
 This is undoubtedly the best Playstation game ever made and the best RPG there is . Future Final Fantasy games have to live up to its success and past Final Fantasy games pale in comparison , with its incredible story and breathtaking graphics . It is a must for anybody with a Playstation .
 This is one of my favorite games ! I like it way more than FF8 . And not only will you get a better game than FF8 , but at a better price . Eh ? Eh ? Not a bad deal . And overall the menu system is much more easier and simple . Perfect for those of us that do n't want TOO much thinking involved . The only problem with it is that the people look like demented circus midgets , but what do graphics matter . And the materia is much better than the junctioning in FF8 . It 's highly recommended .
 When I was first introduced to the series a couple of years ago . I was into the Zelda games and RPGs like that , but now I know that there are better , more involved games out there like this one . The game starts out fast paced and ends with the most intriging ending I have ever witnessed . It had me thinking about what happened and I could n't fall asleep for days on end after beating the game . The gameplay in is truly magnificent as once you start playing , you just ca n't stop until you pass out from playing so long . I did . The music is above par for most of square 's games . I enjoyed Aeris 's theme and some of the others . While some of it may get old , the beats are enjoyable enough to have you catch yourself humming them in the shower every now and then . The one gripe I have about this game is that the battles get too repetitive . The only thing that keeps me fighting is staring at Tifa ... oh never mind .
 This game is way better then FF8 . FF8 all you do is fight nothing else . In FF7 you cry , lafe , survie and sometimes get mad in some parts . If you play this game u well love it . Finl Fantasy 7 is the best game ever !
 This is definitely my favorite in the FF series . It may not have as good graphics as FF8 does , but the story and characters are 10 times better . The music is also top-notch ! This game is very inexpensive , BUY IT . Trust me , it 's well worth it . You 'll see why I think it 's the best !
 In my opinion , this is the best edition of the Final Fantasy series . The characters are well liked , the story outstanding , and the overall gameplay the best I 've played . People say that FF8 is a much better game due to it 's better graphics , but I do not . Although FF8 is one of the best games ever made , I enjoyed playing FF7 a bit more . And this version of Cid is the funniest and best ! A no brainer , a MUST for any PSX fans library .
 This is a unique game , the Wizard of Oz of RPGs . It is inventive , entertaining , inexhaustible , romantic , hilarious , technically dashing , and it has a point -- it is a world unto itself . The best dollar-per-dollar investment of its kind . Some day people will brag about having original editions of it .
 Ok . People say this game sucks because the grappics and its boring Aries dies blah blah ... . ok first of all this game was made in 1997 so what can you expect ? FFX grappics ? no its a really old game so who ever says the grappics ruin it is wrong . and 2cd of all it is defently NOT boring . its very very suprising . at first its ok and it just keeps getting better.o and about aries dieing and you cant bring her back to life i have lots to say about that ... Right when you recive Areis guess what ? you know shes going to die and when people saw her die it was a little sad but i can expect you probally knew she was going to die . when you see her the first time on your team you know something traggic is going to happen to her by listening to her theme music or looking back at her facts of life -LRB- RPG chacters do have lifes in the game -RRB- and even if you didnt expect it it who cares ? yeah some people cried but when i saw it i was barly toched . and even if u do care its not disturbing cause u know what to expect and it would ruin the game to revive her and her dieing is an important part of the story line . and lets not forget shes not real . Final Fantasy 7 is a great game and it has shocks suprises and tear jerking moments for some of you and who doesnt love materia?people say it has bad grappics but wait til you get towards some of the cinmatics ! i think its an all around perfect rpg and the best one made so far even at the year 2004 . and if you dont have it get it -LRB- i really enjoyed disc 2 -RRB-
 FINAL FANTASY VII IS AWESOME !!! Not only do I think that it 's the best final fantasy game of all time , I think that it has got to be the best game I have ever played ! The story line starts out simple , but continually gets more complicated untill you 're hopelessly addicted . The battle system is awesome , and the materia system is unique in a very good way . I think that even if you 're not into RPGs , you will love this game . i srongly suggest that if you do n't already have it , BUY IT NOW !!
 I HAVE PLAYED FINAL FANTASY VII EVERYDAY SINCE IT CAME OUT THOSE MANY YEARS AGO . I 'VE BEATEN IT COUNTLESS DOZENS OF TIMES AND THE ORGASMIC PLEASURE DERIVED FROM EVERY SECOND OF THIS DIVINE PIECE OF ART HAS YET TO DECREASE , IN FACT IT GETS GREATER . EVERY TIME I SELECT A NEW ATTACK , EVERY TIME I CLICK TO CONTINUE THE SPEECH TREE EVERY SECOND I WANDER ACROSS THE BEATIFUL AND BRILLIANT LANDSCAPE WAITING FOR YET ANOTHER TITILLATING RANDOM ENCOUNTER IS AN EXPERIENCE THAT I WILL TREASURE FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE . YOU HAVE LIVED AND DIED IN VAIN IF YOU GO THROUGH YOUR LIFE WITH OUT EXPERIENCING THIS UNPARALELLED JOY.BUT THERE IS SO MUCH MORE THAN JUST JOY . THE FIRST TIME THAT AERIS DIED I I WAS SO STUNNED THAT I HAD A STROKE AND A HEART ATTACK SIMULTANEOUSLY WHILE VOMITING AND POOPING MYSELF , AS THE TEARS STREAMED DOWN MY FACE . IT WAS SO INTENSE THAT I PASSED OUT , AND SLIPPED INTO A COMA . FORTUNATELY , MY DEAR FRIENDS SET UP A PLAYSTATION IN MY ROOM AND PLACED THE CONTROLLER IN MY FLACID , COMATOSE HANDS ALLOWING ME TO CONTINUE THE GODLY ADVENTURE . THE SERENE YET POWERFUL , BEAUTIFUL YET FRIGHTENING MUSIC TURNED MY COMA DREAMS INTO JOYOUS VISIONS OF WONDER , WHICH MADE ME WISH NEVER TO AWAKE , WERE IT NOT FOR MY URGENT NEED TO COMPLETE THE MYSTIC QUEST.THE COMBAT IS A SPECTACULARLY INTENSE , CEREBRAL AFFAIR . THE EARTH-SHATTERING VISUAL EFFECTS AND SPELLS LEAVE ME WEAK AND NAUSEATED EVERY TIME , YET I CAN NOT , AND WILL NOT STOP , NO MATTER THE PRICE . WORDS COULD NOT ATTEMPT TO DO JUSTICE TO THE INTENSITY OF EVEN THE CALMEST FINAL FANTASY BATTLE.THE STORY IS LIKE NO OTHER , THE SPECTACULAR DIALOGUE IS AN EMULSIFICATION OF THE GREATEST ASPECTS OF SHAKESPEARE , CHAUCER , ELIOT , TENNYSON , DONNE , HOMER , MARLOW , PLATO , ARISTOTLE , HARDY , FAULKNER AND JOYCE ROLLED INTO A PACKAGE SO MALIFLUENT THAT EACH OF THESE GREAT WRITERS WOULD DESTROY THEIR WORK FROM SHAME . THE PLOT CREATES A RICH TAPESTRY OF JOY , WONDER , FEAR AND AWE THAT LEAVES MY HEAD SPINNING , MY HEART POUNDING , MY BOWELS CLENCHING , MY HAIR RAISED , MY STOMACH TURNING AND ROILING , MY KNEES SHAKING AND MY EXTREMITIES COLD AND SHIVERING , WHILE A JOYOUS PASSION STILL BURNS FROM WITHIN . THE CHARACTERS ARE UNIVERSAL ARCHETYPES OF EVERY MAN , WOMAN AND CHILD YET THEY ARE UTTERLY DISTINCT , UTTERLY ALIVE , CHILLINGLY REAL , LOVABLE AND EROTIC TO THE END . THE STOIC , HEROIC AND CHRIST-LIKE CLOUD STANDS AS A SYMBOL OF ALL THAT IS GOOD AND TRUE IN HUMANITY , EARTH AND ALL OF ETERNITY . THE LOVABLE , GRUFF 'N TUMBLE BARRET IS CLASSIC EXAMPLE OF THE INDOMITABLE NEGRO SPIRIT . AERIS IS A FRAIL FLOWER OF BEAUTY AND WONDER , A REPRESENTATION OF THE LOSS AND SACRIFICE THAT INEVITABLY OCCURS BEFORE ONE REACHES THE APEX OF TRUE ENLIGHTENMENT . SEPHIROTH IS AS BLACK AS THE DEEPEST PITS OF HELL , AN EMBODIMENT OF THE SATANIC , UNGODLY , BLASPHEMOUS AND PROFANE FORCES WHICH SEEK TO CRUSH THE FRAIL YET UNBENDING ROSE OF THE RIGHT . STILL , ONE AS MEEK AS I COULD N'T HOPE TO ANALYZE ALL THE INTRICACIES , METAPHORS , CHIASMAS ' , SIMILES , HYPERBOLES , ANALOGIES , FABLES AND PARABLES WHICH FILL UP THIS TEXT , WHICH IS EASILY THE DENSEST AND RICHEST OF ALL KNOWN HUMAN AND ALIEN LANGUAGES.ALL THE BEAUTY , TRUTH , MEANING , WONDER , SIGNIFICANCE AND INTEREST IN ALL THE WORLD ARE AS NOTHING ONCE YOU HAVE DISCOVERED THIS HIDDEN TREASURE . I FOR ONE WOULD TRADE ALL MY REMAINING DAYS FOR BUT ONE MORE MINUTE OF FINAL FANTASY VII INSPIRED PLEASURE , RATHER THAN BEING FORCED TO LIVE A HOLLOW , BITTER , JOYLESS EXISTENCE WITHOUT IT .
 Being a diehard Final Fantasy fan , I just had to get this game . While I enjoyed it for the most part , I was disappointed by the `` feel '' of the game for lack of a better term . It was not fantasy , it was more science fiction , and I really could have done without the awkward-looking polygon characters . But the music is fantastic , the storyline is moderately interesting , and I think it just depends on what kind of gamer you are as to how much you like it . Most newer gamers really love it , so if you are hesitant rent before you buy . -LRB- They finally listened to us old-school gamers and did us right with Final Fantasy IX , though ! Marvelous !! -RRB-
 I never played FF before until my bro got this from his friend b/c I do n't play console games altho I played RPGs before . I played this on PS2 . Trust me , the graphics did n't wow me altho the cinema parts were excellent . What really got me was the story line and the characters . Cloud is a strong lead character with many facets to his personality . Sephiroth had to be the most compelling villain in any RPG/novel/short stories/fairy tales/anime/movies , etc. , etc. . I was hooked within an hour of playing the game.What 's really awesome about this game is the side events -- things that you do n't have to do to beat the game but something fun and/or challenging to do . They include chocobo breeding , chocobo racing , Yuffie 's sub-quest , and getting rare items and/or materias , and beating Emerald & Ruby.BTW -- ... If anyone 's trying to beat E&R ; , I strongly advise to get Underwater materia -LRB- nullifies the 10 min count-down -RRB- , W-2 Summon materia -LRB- lets you summon twice in a row -RRB- , W-Item materia -LRB- which will let you use two items at once -RRB- , Omnislash -LRB- Cloud 's best limit break -RRB- , and Knights of the Round Table summon materia -LRB- level 2 or 3 -RRB- . To be at this level , you need to have Cloud at Level 85 + . I beat Emerald and Ruby multiple times already . Finding these things are rather unintuitive since the game itself will not tell you how to get them -LRB- they 're not necessary to beat Sephiroth although if you have them , Sephie 's dead w/in two minutes , guaranteed , before he can do that cool Super Nova thingie -RRB- . If you 're truly stuck and want these items badly enough , consult an online strategy guide .
 If I do n't play this game for a period of time , I go through withdrawl and I 'm not kidding . This game features so many epic events and cinematic sequences . You start the game out wondering what it 's about , then you come attatched to it and you ca n't quit . Soon you are one with the game and you understand every little detail and you feel you are Cloud Strife , the main character . From the Assault On Reactor No. 1 to The Northern Cave to save the world from Sephiroth , this is beautifully thought out and planned . I believe there is not a better game out there . This is the game that made me an official RPG player . I did n't even know what an RPG was before this ! My first time playing this was on a japanese demo now out of print and very rare ... it came with the Tobal No. 1 double package . This demo had Final Fantasy 7 demo , Final Fantasy Tactics -LRB- cinematic -RRB- , and Bushido Blade -LRB- cinematic -RRB- . I heard about this game , and good things about it , so I decided to try it out . I played it , and it was very different from the regular game , for instance you start out with Aerith , Cloud , and Barret and magics -LRB- Bolt , Bolt2 ; Ice , Ice2 ; Demi , Demi2 ; Fire , Fire2 , and Leviathan Summon -RRB- . It was the Assault On Reactor No. 1 , then it ended . I soon became addicted and I played this demo every other day , and played it more than Tobal by far . I became very intrested in this game and everyday I played the Reactor level . I found more and more things , and I didnt have enough money to buy it , so I had to wait a whole year , and finally bought the 3 disc epic for playstation . Now I play it at least every two weeks , and I have beaten the game 3 times , and find a new secret and learn something new every time . This game is absolutely amazing . With a five-star rating , and not a four-star rating in sight , you know this HAS to be a good game , and it does n't lie . I love this game to death and it will soon be out of print , so pick your copy up today before it does .
 Ok , THIS WAS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE . I just had to say that first , but it really is . The magic is so cool with the materia and how you combine materia in slots and the different types of materia . And the weapons because different weapons have different # of slots to put materia in . And the story , It starts as cloud blowing up a reactor and then he finds out sephiroth is back and he tries to find him and meets different characters along the way < the coolest characters being cid highwind and vincent valentine > . Bottom line this is the best rpg and if you like rpg 's than you will like this game .
 This is THE Final Fantasy . The story is epic , the adventures and gameplay are AWESOME and the graphics and sound are excellent . It will keep you hooked for hours upon hours beating the main game , playing side quests and not to mention breeding your own chocobos ! Coming from a roleplayer that still plays Final Fantasy 1 to this day that if your going to buy any playstation game for that matter this takes the cake . I love this game and I hope you will too . If you like this you might want to try Final Fantasy 9 . Genuis . Pure Genius .
 If you are seeing mixed reviews and you 're confused , here 's thetruth . This game is great . As soon as I played it , I knew it was agreat game . It mixes the movies and gameplay very nicely . I ca n'tstress enough how great this game is . It 's defiantly worth -LSB- the -RSB- $ . It 's fun and its got great graphics . The story is great and themusic makes this game worth buying alone . It has alot of humor andfunny moments in it too . It made me an instant fan and I am going tobuy 8 & 9 too . So if you are confused and you do not know if youshould buy this game , trust me it 's a true masterpiece and the 2ndbest game I own -LRB- thps 2 is the 1st -RRB- . It is indescribable . Anyone whodoes not like it needs serious help . I have played 9 too and I 'd say 9looks better , but 7 have a better plot and is the better game . Ihave n't played 8 but I know that 7 is better too . SO GO OUT AND BUY ITNOW ! ...
 I have played Final Fantasy 9 , and although I liked the game overall -- I also gave it 5 stars -- I like Final Fantasy 7 much , much better . From the moment you pop the first CD in , you are nothing but impressed . I wish all games started out the way this one does -- with a BANG ! You are Cloud , a selfish newcomer to a resistance group known as AVALANCHE . You do n't care about the planet . No way . As soon as this job is done , you want to get your cut and split . The dialogue is truly something else . And the storyline , WOW ! The whole idea of a city on a `` plate '' was really original and appealing . Great movie-sequences . I could go on and on praising this game . Even after playing Final Fantasy 9 I ca n't help but go back and play this great game . Yeah , it is more science fiction than fantasy , but it is science fiction done RIGHT . Although the game is only three CD 's long , the game lasts anywhere from 40 to 80 hours . In the first CD , you spend 6 hours in the huge city of Midgar alone . Then you go on for another 10 hours or so , before going to disc 2 . This game has great music , especially the ending boss music . That song is called `` One-Winged Angel '' . By the way , Sephiroth is pronounced , `` Sea-fee-roth '' . At least that 's how they pronounce it in the song . Speaking of Sephiroth , he 's really cool . Definitely the best villian I 've ever seen . Overall , this is either the first or second best RPG I 've ever played . First place might go to Final Fantasy 6 . Sure , the graphics are way outdated on that game , but the storyline more than made up for it . Anyway , buy Final Fantasy 7 RIGHT NOW .
 A five star rating does not come close to doing this game justice . I 've owned it since December '99 and due to a hectic schedule I am only now on the verge of beating it having spent over 65 hours playing.The storyline which revolves around a mercenary trying to discover the truth about his past -LRB- though this description does not begin to touch upon the intricacies and side stories -RRB- , is the most intense and engrossing I 've ever encountered in a game.The graphics , though I 've heard many complaints about the polygonal characters , are quite good , especially the high res cutscenes which are some of the most beautiful I 've ever scene.Considering the amount of time I 've spent playing this game you 'd think it might grow tiresome , but the game has never lost its appeal even for a moment and there 's so much I missed the first time through that I will certainly play through it again.Quite simply put , if you are an RPG fan and own a PSX , BUY THIS GAME !
 FF7 is definitely a great game . The epic story , the battle scenes , and the characters are all neat.Another cool feature is the creativity offered with the Materia -LRB- the Magic System -RRB- . This offers very awesome combos . The only complaint is the character graphics , when moving your character around.However , if you do n't want to beat it two times , a walkthrough you can download from someones website ... is very reccomended.You definitely want to enjoy the full potential of this game . You can get pretty addicted , it should come with a surgeon general warning.Really , whether yelling at a game over , or doing a victory cry at a hard battle scene.Did I mention the game is huge , it seems to get bigger and bigger , you think it is going to be a journey across a huge city , then a continent , then half of a planet , then you get to the rest of the planet!Probably the most handsome feature is the price ... . Overall , Final Fantasy 7 is a great deal.One of my top 5 favorite , definitely .
 lets face it . ff8 was sopposed to be the best ff yet . -LRB- ff means final fantasy -RRB- but it sux when compared to ff7 . the grapics are the olny thing that is better . this is one of the longest games out there . but it is worht it . ff7 has some of the best heros and villans of alll time . some of ther charters -LRB- like my personal fav , Cid -RRB- will get you laughing and some of the villans like septhroth and rufus are so awsome that you end up cheering for them insted of the good guys sometimes . This is a very touching story.Note
 I 've played the game at least ten times and still do n't get bored with it . The graphics are great , the story was awsome , the charecters were likable , and the atmosphere is great . Most storylines in RPGs I ca n't get into , but FFVIII intrigued me . The charecters in the game were awsome , I was very sad when Aeris died . I love this game , and if you buy it you wo n't be dissapointed .
 This game is the beholder of some of the best graphics in any playstation game . The game holds a captivating story line with great cut-scenes and action . The cut-scenes include realistic and detailed action . A must have for any playstation gamer .
 So least to say . I felt compelled to write about this game . I have at least 5 good friends growing up that told me I HAD to play this game and that it was just so amazing ... So I finished the game and here is what I have to say.Good things
 Came in excellent condition , for such an old game that 's a great feat . Great quality and great classic game in this series .
 While this game may not be the very best RPG in my opinion , I must give this game credit for being able to finally throw the RPG genre into the mainstream for two gaming generations . This game was the first game in the series to feature stunning FMV with 3D character models in pre-rendered backgrounds , which was a major step up for the RPG world , considering that any RPG released before this one either only had 3D models during battle sequences or none at all , but of course graphics are not everything . Gameplay will always matter much more than the graphics in any game ; it is the sole reason games are played , to enjoy the game itself with graphics just being an added bonus to the already great game itself.This game still maintains the fast-paced ATB system where the characters must react in a timely manner to defeat the enemies or bosses that will cross paths with the characters controlled in the battles . One of the greatest highlights of this game is that this is the first game in the series to have a science fiction based plot otherwise unseen in earlier titles , and very few other RPGs at the time.This game is also the first in the series to add character peripherals such as `` materia '' . Materia can be equipped and can be made more powerful each time it is used.Overall , I would highly recommend this title to advanced and beginners alike , as this game has a straightforward level up system with a neat addition of the character peripheral I have mentioned above . This should last one a good 50-70 hours , depending on whether one decides to undertake the various sidequests offered in the game or not .
 Yup another game for the kids they really liked this one too . This is played quite a bit and still working
 Despite it 's 13 year old graphics , the game has an awesome story line and is worth the money and the time to play it . I would suggest to anyone that they play this game .
 I love this game . It 's probably not the best Final Fantasy , but it 's still just so awesome ! The graphics make the characters look like they 're built of legos by today 's standards , and the story is confusing , but I still love it ! It 's got some of the best characters and one of the best soundtracks of any video game , and if you 're a video game-player and have n't yet played this , then get on it !
 I bought this game back when ps1 was the new system . I had never played an RPG before and FF7 was recommended to me by a friend . First night playing I out in 5 hours , I was floored , to say the least . Everything about the game was great , the battle system , story , length , difficulty , I love the materia system and overall I have not one bad thing to say about this amazing game . There is nothing else like it -LRB- I 've looked -RRB- . No other final fantasy even comes close , and I 've played and beat every single one . In my opinion , to date , this is the single greatest game ever made and a must have for any RPG fan . I REALLY CA N'T BELIEVE the people who gave this game 1 star . Such people are fools and not true gamers in any way . Buy the game , you wo n't regret it !
 I received the game and have been playing it on an almost daily basis . I really like it and there are so many different things to do in the game .
 Amazing game , One of the best FF games ever made . Excellent story line , with a few side quests , including a vegas style area where you get to play games and race Chocobos .
 This game is awesome ! I 'm so glad I got it . But it 's a little annoying that the first one I ordered was missing a disk . But when I finally got the full game I have had nothing but fun with it ! I 'm a new coming to the game and totally love it ! ^ ^
 This game was an anniversary gift for my boyfriend of 3 years . It was in very good condition and plays like its almost brand new ! I 'm so happy with my purchase , I 'll definitely order from this vendor next time .
 When this game was first released I was in line to pick up one of the first copies . I 've beat this game 2 times and each was great . It 's now several years later and I 'm itching to play again . Bought it used and am once again loving Cloud Strife . It plays very well on the PS3 , much better than the original PS1 for my LED HDTV . If you are looking for a great game to get lost in and will stick with you for many years , pick this up . It 's spendy used but worth it . For it 's day it has excellent graphics , the soundtrack is breath taking , and the game play itself is perfect .
 Great game , even if it 's a bit long . So much stuff to do in this one , plus it 's got a little bit of sentimentalvalue to it for me . I 'm glad to be in possesion of this game again , a fun game to pass the time . When you do the materia right , the main character is very powerful .
 As usual I 'll keep this short and sweet . Final Fantasy VII is right up there with The Legend of Zelda
 One of the benefits of growing up and getting a full-time job is that you can buy and enjoy the things you missed during your childhood lol.I enjoyed this game a lot for many reasons , mainly nostalgia and pure fun factor . I 've played a few RPGs over time and most I just could n't get into enough to beat.Final Fantasy -LRB- `` FF '' -RRB- VII was different because it was pretty much consistently fun and the story was engaging . The graphics were great at the time -LRB- I remember being awestruck by them then -RRB- and today the pre-rendered backgrounds still have some amazing detail and art . Character design is going to be a little strange for some people who are used to today 's graphics ; during exploration and some of the interaction your character is `` super-deformed '' and looks like a kid while in battle he is fully grown and adult in stature.If you play the game within the context it was made and considering what it was up against you may appreciate its style more . On top of that , many of the elements within the game are still great and have aged gracefully in time - the great battle system , intriguing story -LRB- although imho it had a few too many twists toward the end -RRB- , collecting `` materia '' -LRB- essentially a crystal-like material that adds abilities and power to weapons , armor , and your character , and allows you to summon creatures ; also , it levels up the more you use it and your spells/abilities gain power -RRB- , the dystopian-style setting , quirky characters , and the overall `` sci-fi meets fantasy '' feel.But there are some negatives , and I 'll list them-1 . -LRB- This is relative to your gaming habits and expectations -RRB- - as with most serious rpg games , FFVII is long , featuring 3 disks and about 50-60 hour of gameplay . Save points are usually plentiful enough though .2 . Like many Final Fantasy games , there is no quest log to tell you what your current quest/mission is . So if decide to not play it for a week or more and come back to it and know what to do you might find yourself lost -LRB- I did , anyway -RRB- . FORTUNATELY , there is gamefaqs and other websites to help you with that .3 . The 3D graphics are old and simple and some of the super-deformed characters may not be appealing to people who are used to today 's games .4 . Some -LRB- occasionally -RRB- repetitive battles and animations .5 . Mostly linear storyline and game.I think a lot of people tend over-rate this game . It 's very good and still better than a lot of games out there yet it might not be everyone 's cup of tea . The story , while told AMAZINGLY well , does n't give a message that everyone has to hear -LRB- especially if you 've already seen movies like `` Avatar '' -RRB- . That being said it is one of three rpgs I actually played all the way through , and that is saying something . If there are somethings that keep me coming back to it they 're probably nostalgia , collecting materia , playing through memorable parts -LRB- especially the boss battles , which are just plain fun and strategy-intensive -RRB- and the battle system -LRB- especially with the `` death blow '' materia ; `` limit breaks '' are great too -RRB- . Parental Note - The ESRB rating was , imho , questionable . Some of the adult subject matter seems to push it closer into M - rated territory . I 'd say it 's borderline T/M .
 This game is most likely the best game I have ever played as far as Playstation games go . It would be the best game ever , but Zelda still tends to take that category for me . Regardless , though , this game is an absolute classic and a must-play for everybody who 's an RPG fan . If you 're not an RPG fan , try it and see if you like it because it just might change your opinion of them.This game is very in-depth , with three CD 's packed full of surprises , secrets , action , and a very drawn out plot that will suck you in instantly . The characters are very original and work well with each other 's personalities . The music is by far the best I 've heard from the Final Fantasy series and I go back to listen to it again and again on my soundtracks . Controls are easy to use , and the battle system is typical Final Fantasy set-up , but the graphics make it very realistic . The camera angles and be a bit annoying at times when trying to select a player , but the box at the bottom of the screen with all the statuses tend to clear that up and make it less of a big deal . The magic , money , and experience system is very easy to learn and use and very self-explanatory once you get into it . The game is simple enough for beginners to learn -LRB- seeing as it was my first real RPG that I picked up , and I learned quick -RRB- , but hard enough to keep hardcore players satisfied -LRB- there are two American-version only monsters that are ultra-hard and I still have n't gotten around to beating them because it takes so much preparation ! -RRB- Most of the cut-scenes are realistic and the only thing that would 've made them better would 've been voice-overs . The plot will have you laughing , crying , and everything in-between as you relate to the characters.Negatives ? I really do n't think there is any . There 's a lot of foul language from a couple of the characters , so this is n't for somebody who 's easily offended by that . Other than that , the dialogue will pull you into the plot . Be warned , this game will suck up a lot of your time once you get going.All in all -- a definite must have for anybody who loves Final Fantasy !
 I have started FF8 and FF9 and also played all of FFX , and I can still very fairly say that FF7 is an amazing game . Everything is awesome except the in-game graphics , but the battle graphics and FMVS are something else . Even up against FF8 , FF9 , and FFX , FF7 really holds its own with great characters , my favorite being Yuffie , great story , and a truly fun gameplay system . I definitely recommend this title for anyone who wants to get into RPGs and love every moment of them .
 Final Fantasy 7 has a Unique storyline , Fantastic graphics , the gameplay is Amazing , the characters are Interesting and they touch your heart . Squarsoft made this game a masterpiece in every way possible . This game is the best RPG in the World ! Final Fantasy 7 top 's all of the other RPG 's in every way !! People say that this game dos n't have good graphics but this game has Fantastic graphics because this game was made in 1997 for a 1997 game the graphics are great !! Final Fantasy 8 and 9 have better graphics because Final Fantasy 8 and 9 were made three years later and in three years the graphics can become a lot better . Buy this game if you want a great game and the best RPG in the World !!!! Thank You For Your Time ...
 When I bought this game three years ago , I was expecting a another RPG that I would play for a couple of weeks , beat , and then move on . I have never been more wrong in my life . Now , three years later , I still ca n't get over just how good this game really is . I almost wish that I never played it , because now every RPG that I have played afterward simply pales in comparison . Final Fantasy 8 , The Legend of Dragoon , Final Fantasy Anthology ... While they are all classics in there own right , there is simply no game out there that combines a truly epic story , an innovative magic system , fun and engaging side quests , an unbelievable soundtrack , and characters that you care about so well . It is the latter point that I must stress . Story means so much to a good RPG , but no matter how good the story is , it will ultimately fail if the characters in the game are dull and boring . It is in this that Square really succeeds . Ca n't we all see ourselves when we look at the characters ? They just seem so real . Anyone who does n't feel anything for Cloud , Aeris , Barret and Tifa after the first few hours or so should check for a pulse . Never has such a great cast of characters been assembled in one game.Speaking of characters , it is impossible to mention cloud and company and not speak of the villain , Sephiroth . Sephiroth , simply put , is the coolest villain ever made , in any video game , book , or movie . Other than his personal appearance , which is cool on it 's own , the thing that really sets him apart from anyone else is seen on disc 1 in Kalm . It is here that you see him become evil . The scene is presented in the form of a flashback , being retold by cloud . It depicts how Sephiroth began to learn of his past , of what he was , of what he was to become , and shows his descent into madness , ending with one of the coolest cutscenes ever , might I add . It is one of the most suspenseful , best presented moments in videogame history . The other thing that must be said about Sephiroth is that he is uncomparably evil . Anyone who does n't hate him with all their heart and soul by the end of disc 1 has something wrong with them.The graphics in FFVII are , admittedly , not as good as some today . However , they are by no means bad . Flashy magic and cool summon spells still abound -LRB- Bahamut Zero is still one of my favorite video sequences ever -RRB- . The cutscenes in the game are still excellent , especially the ending , which is a masterpiece in it 's own right . The Magic system in FFVII is Materia . This is in my opinion , the best magic system that squaresoft ever came up with . Materia are small stones that are equiped on weapons and armor . By themselves , they are powerful , but it is when they are paired with other materia that they really shine . Endless materia combos are present , from fun little tricks to spells of apocalyptic proportions . It is incredibly versatile , and half the kick of battling in FFVII is the variaties of materia tricks you can pull off . The other really cool part of battling are limit breaks . These are massively powerful attacks that your character can perform after they have taken enough punishment . There are seven limit breaks for each character , and the seventh for each is insanely powerful . Cloud 's final limit break is the most powerful attack in the game , even more so than the most powerful summon spell -LRB- knights of the Round -RRB- . Lastly , I can not write a review of this game without talking about the absolutely stellar soundtrack . Square 's Nabuo Uematsu outdid himself , composing some truly awe-inspiring tunes . Aeris 's theme is slow , sweet , and sad , and can bring a tear to your eye in the right situation . Cid 's theme is powerful and strong , and the main theme -LRB- also known as Cloud 's theme -RRB- captures the game to the letter , from it 's dark story to the lighthearted adventure . All of the music is great , and I strongly recommend that you buy the soundtrack . It 's a masterpiece.Final Fantasy VII is an incredible game from start to finish . I put over 100 hours into it , and I enjoyed every second of it . The story is top notch , the characters are personable and likeable , and the music is the unprecedented champion of the videogame world . This is simply the best game ever made . There is not much left to say .
 This is by far one of the most brilliantly done games on any video game system . It has an intricate storyline , believable characters , a challenging battle system , and plenty of mini-games to keep you from becoming bored . It also boasts one of the coolest villains in video game history
 Final Fantasy 7 must be the absolutely greatest RPG of all time . The materia system must 've been invented by a genius and the storyline is the best one ever . The music is SUPER , the graphics are SUPER and the rest of the game is absolutely the best . If you 've got a feeling this is n't your type of game , BUY IT , because I garantee it will make you spin . I know a lot of gamers thinking RPG is n't their style , but playing FF7 for only 5 minutes made them change their mind to the totally oposite .
 sure FF8 is out and it has spiffier graphics , but thats as far as FF8 goes in being superior to FF7.While hard to understand at times , the best story of any video game , bar none.Best charecters of any game . . ever.Awarded Best PC RPG of the 20th Century by IGNpcSephiroth was rated best PC Villain of All Time by GamespotIncludes the most emotionally affecting scene in v.g. history -LRB- well , they did give it away in the commercial -RRB- Entertaining battles with a complex and flexible materia magic systemreally nice graphicsmusic worthy of a 4-CD Soundtrack -LRB- which lots of people actually bought -RRB- if you ever play an RPG , do yourself a favor and get this one .
 I have played games from SuperNES to Playstation to N64 and this is the best next to `` Metal Gear Solid '' . If you like RPG games this is the one to get because you get to do every thing from breading chocabos -LRB- tall birds like Flamingoes -RRB- to anialating robots w/millions of life . So run to the store and buy it NOW .
 I wouldnt advise anyone to pay hundreds of dollars for this game when you can get it at gamestop for only 29.99 . Do n't be fooled .
 Even with all the new technology and graphics today , I still think this game is the best I 've ever played . The story , music and cast are all great and still the most lovable of all final fantasy games .
 I remember saving up some extra money to get this game when it was released in 1997 . I 'm sure glad I did . This game has been a favorite of mine since the first time I arrived at the train station and kicked a Shinra guard in the face . It took me about a year to completely beat the game , well , honestly I 've never been able to defeat one of the Ultimate Weapons in the game -LRB- which you 'll get to experience later on in the game -RRB- . I replayed it in 2003 and took me under 2 months to beat the game . Now , four years later , I 'm on the second disc after four days . I 'm completely hooked on this game.I give it the highest recommendation possible .
 Pros : Very developed characters , storyline and world . The backgrounds are all intricately detailed . There are literally hundreds of sidequests and mini-games to play , some I still crack out every once in a while -LRB- snowboarding !!! -RRB- . The villain is insane but a master in playing the antagonist . Though it may be confusing at times , the story brings something new for every place you visit . There is so much hidden in this game that I still find things not mentioned in walkthroughs or game guides ! The fighting system can be very intricate or very simple , depending on how you look at it . This adds interest to the game , allowing you to customize your approach to almost any situation . Finally , the music , though older , is famous and very well orchestrated . It outshines all newer final fantasy 's -LRB- 10 and above -RRB- even though the quality is less.Cons : Graphics !! Replaying this in 2007 would require plenty of patience and understanding . The block hands and gritty details can get a little annoying -LRB- well , more than a little ... -RRB- just be prepared for a PS1 game , not PS2 . If you truly want to enjoy this game however , you must search for the story and have plenty of time to run around.This is one of the most overly-talked about games ever made . Granted , it 's my favorite game -LRB- I 've beaten almost every final fantasy , zelda , metal gear solid , square , and silent hill game in America , not to mention quite a few others -RRB- , but too much has been done with it . The sequels ruined some of it for me as more of the story is revealed while more of the characters are degenerated through horrid storylines -LRB- avoid the movie and Dirge if you can -RRB- . Overall : Gameplay - 5Graphics - 4Sound - 5 -LRB- still hum to this day -RRB- Replayability - 5Story - 5Average - 5
 alot of final fantasy fans will tell you this is the best ff out there . i would agree to it being a good game , espeically if you have never played any final fantasy games before this is a great starter game . the characters are likable , and you can choose who you truly want to level up . the story is easy to follow , and when you are done with this one you will surely wand to play other final fantasy titles.overall PLAY THIS GAME !
 Although this game is frequently criticized for featuring `` angsty characters '' and a large number of anime and video game cliches , critics of this game 's plot should consider that fan perception of the originality of this game has been lessened considerably by the future inclusion of similar character and plot dynamics in the final fantasy series , particularly in FFVIII and FFX . This video game features truly incredible storytelling , and this game should be called cinematic not just because of the inclusion of FMV , but because of the large number of visual metaphors expressed in the game 's visual direction . Consider the parallel between the stars in the game 's opening and the sparks Aerith watches shooting out of the open electrical panel , or the fact that Midgar 's poor literally live underneath its rich . The low-polygon-count 3-D presentation of this game gives it a visual style which emphasizes the geometric nature of objects , and the producers of the game have changed a technical limitation into a stylistic enhancement . The game 's usage of light and dark , squalor and cleanliness , gloom and beauty , give it a literary theme of naturalism , by representing the products of human technology as ugly . The sweeping `` theme of Final Fantasy VII '' , which compliments the wide-open world map prior to the summoning of Meteor , is first hinted at in `` Holding my Thoughts in My Heart , '' which plays at the precipice of the dystopian technopolis of Midgar . The game 's various themes communicate the producers ' vision of which environments represent hell , and which represent heaven . Even the ironic real-life double-meaning of `` finding the promised land '' is parallelled in the game by Shinra 's misinterpretation of the religion of Aerith 's race . The game spends a lot of time exploring the identities of the characters of Cloud , Aerith , Tifa and Sephiroth through dreams , memories , and hallucinations , and rather than including definitive , conclusive scenes in which the whole truth of the characters are revealed , the game challenges you , much like a David Lynch film , to discover the reality of various events by logically reconciling the various perspectives from which they are viewed . This is `` angsty storytelling '' at its most beautiful , as it challenges the players to make an effort to understand the characters , much in the same ways that the game designers would probably like to see more interpersonal understanding within humanity.This game improved upon the limit breaks of FF6 , which could only be used by deliberately keeping the characters at dangerously low HP levels , by adding the limit bar , and the barrier and mbarrier bars also made combat more interesting , leading many players to wonder why they were subsequently removed from the series . Some minor design flaws in this game include the three-character limit in battle , which reduces the player 's ability to diversify the roles of the heroes , and leads the player , on a logical level , to wonder why the other heroes are unable to participate . Also , the overavailability of gil makes purchasing weapons and items too easy , and minimalizes the usefulness of alternate methods for party growth , such as stealing weapons and items.If the battles as a whole seem too easy in this game , it is because the game was designed with the intention of challenging the player to experience it , rather than challenging the player to get through it . The game is filled with a variety of fun methods for winning battles , from high-powered summons to enemy skills , and some otherwise difficult boss battles become unloseable after equipping a specific accessory . Part of the coolness of this game is the fact that it was the first major RPG to allow the players to develop extremely poweful heroes , by combining abilities such as auto-resurrection , auto-haste , multiple counter attacks , mp absorbtion , and much more . In other words , the lack of challenge is largely deliberate , and designed to give the players freedom to choose which resources to throw at a particular battle , rather than forcing the players to throw everything they have at most battles in order to have a chance for victory . The inessential-but-fun nature of the sidegames , such as snowboarding and chocobo-breeding , mirrors the inessential-but-fun nature of the majority of the special abilities in this game which may be used during battle.FF VII must also be commended for the distinctively unique visual design of every dungeon and section of the map . Walking on the snowy north continent of the overworld , leaving footprints in the snow , feels completely different than walking in the shadow of Midgar , and getting lost in previously-unexplored environments , such as the chaotically-mapped Great Glacier , is more of a pleasure than an annoyance . Experimenting with different characters and weapons is fun in this game , and this is complimented by visual touches which were unique to this game at the time of its release , such as showing a different weapon in the battle character model 's hand , depending on what is equipped.I played FFI , FFIV , and FFVI before this game , and on my first playthrough of FFVII , I mourned the absence of some elements included in FFVI , such as multi-party battles , and FFVI 's non-linear second act , but in time , I came to realize that in terms of characterization and presentation , FFVII is the quintessential Final Fantasy game .
 This , for me , was truly a wonderful experience . I 've played this game countless times , yet over and over I find myself wondering why . When I first played this game , I had no idea I was immersing myself into the abstract but gorgeous world of Final Fantasy VII . You are the hero , of course , and you 're out to save the world , one step at a time . And really , that 's exactly what you do in FFVII . In classic Final Fantasy style , the seventh game in the series brings Cloud , a mercenary now working for a terrorist group , into your head . As you play , you can really understand where the characters come from and what their real selves are like . It might sound weird , but this is truly an incredible game . A wonderful experience for anyone who likes this series , or anyone looking for an absolutely outstanding story .
 I remember when I played Final Fantasy 7 , when I was younger , for the first time . I was introduced to this game by a friend and immediately bought it . I was literally blown away by the excellent/memorable story , characters , and music . This was also one of the first games I literally cried to in some of the sadder moments of the game . FF7 plays like a book
 I never really dug Role Playing Games at all . Then in 1999 , my friends would play the hell out of them and I never understood why . I went to a local video game store and saw Final Fantasy VII available for $ 19.99 . I figured why not it 's just $ 20 . That would be the only game I would play for the next 2-3 months.With or without the strategy guide , this game is always fun to play . The graphics , cinematic effects , game play all seemed ahead of its time when this was released in 1997 . This game introduced me to another world that I did n't know was out there . Now I 'm not just playing sports and action games , but role playing , as well.If you never played an RPG before , FF7 needs to be your first . 8 years afterwards it 's still enjoyable and much talked about .
 Yes , the graphics are bad . Yes , the minigames can get boring . Yes , the sounds are a little frustrating to deal with sometimes . Yes , the battle system is a little hard to get along with . However ! This game is my favorite of all time along with Final Fantasy VIII . The storyline completely blew me away , so complex and filled with real emotion that i sometimes forgot i was sitting at home in a room playing a game . Truly this is a masterpiece of Square . Just typing this review brings back the great times i had playing the game . Trying to ponder what would happen next only to have it shattered and something i was completely off guard for . I know it sounds a little nerdy but hey , Final Fantasy VII has to be the greatest RPG , or game , to have ever been created . Congrats to those at Square for this fantastic game which made me laugh & cry , truly made by the RGP Gods .
 This game is awsome . I hav n't finished it yet but it 's so far pretty cool . Cloud and Sephiroth have got to be the best charecters in the game . If you ever get this game be sure to get the strategy guide , you 'll need it .
 Ever since 1997 I got in the habit of beating this at least once a year . I love this game so much that I never get tired of playing it . There are very few games that I fall in love with and have to play over and over . Mass Effect , Heavy Rain , and Fable to name a few . The story is great , the characters are very memorable , and it has one of the best villains out of most of the games I 've played . At certain points in the game you actually feel there is no way you can win against a guy like Sephiroth and why bother.Yeah the graphics may be outdated and the characters may be blocky looking but that is no reason not to play this game . The story is great and kept me interested all the way to the end . If you like playing Final Fantasy but have n't tried any of the older ones , this is a great place to start . It 's a stand alone game and has nothing to do with the other ones -LRB- even though it is the seventh game -RRB- . I love it and still plan on beating it at least once a year for as long as I can .
 I wanted this game so badly for years , so I finally just went for it . I heard it was one of the best games ever made , and it is true . I actually beat it today and am so happy . It was made in 1997 and still competes with games made today . It has a great story and some of the best characters ever . I got so attached to these characters . I wo n't get into too much detail because other reviewers already did a good job explaining that , but it truly is a great game . The graphics are fine for an old game , and I find the character design very charming . The game is really fun , too . I just could n't stop playing , I always was so excited to play more and see what would happen next . I even knew a good amount of what would happen ahead of time because of what I had read and seen , and it was still exciting . There is also a lot to do . After about 40 hours , I still have n't done everything.I have a few things I want to add . If you 're wondering if it works well on a PS2 . Yes , perfectly . And one more thing . I bought the game used , not greatest hits , and it had trouble because of the condition it was in , so I bought a new copy that is the greatest hits version . The older one comes with a case that is very annoying because it is really hard to get disc 2 out . I was worried about having to bend the disc to get it out . I would highly suggest buying the greatest hits version because the case is made better . All of the discs come out easily , so no disc bending.So in short , if you want to see what all the fuss is about , buy it and see . I loved it .
 I normally do not review games , however i thought i would review this one . I was just browsing through amazon when i decided to check and see how much certain old ps1 games were going for . I looked up ff7 , one of may favorite games . Hmm , goes for quite a bit of change , and well understood . I saw some of the ratings , and read them , good ones and bad ones . A lot of things i see are , the graphics are bad , the story is to complex , and its not better then ff8 . However , there is a trend here . The ppl that say that the graphics are bad and its not better than ff8 , played the game years after it came out . Also , they played ff8 and 9 and every other ff game before they even played this game . Probally because they were 2 when this game came out . I was one of the lucky individuals that was able to purchase this game when it came out . IT BLEW MY MIND !!!! This game really revolutionized RPGs . Yes , there were other rpgs out at the time , however , this game brought rpgs to the masses . A lot of ppl thought that rpgs were just card battle games , are jrpg games that they were not interested in . However , when this game came out , hardcore sports gamers , put down the sports games and picked up ff7 and never looked back . This game opened doors for the rpg market and made Squaresoft -LRB- Square-Enix -RRB- , a house hold name . The story line is kind of complex for most , but very gripping and solid . It draws you in and will not let you go . It moves you like a song that you hear for the first time and never lets you go . The characters are amazing . Tifa is one of the best ff heroines ever , cloud is one of the best heros in video games and Sephiroth is , in my humble opinion , THE best villian in any video game , if not THE best character in any video game , period . Why are they so great ? The conflict the cloud struggles with is something that ppl can relate to . Who am i ? Whats my purpose ? Who he thought he was , turned out to be a lie . To rise up and overcome these opsticals is what makes him a great hero . Tifa is by him 100 % showing him what a true friend is . Sephiroth ... lol , what is there to say , i can go on for days about him . He gives cloud a materia to make him stronger because he knows that he can not defeat him alone , then he flies off . lol . He also struggles with an inner termoil that you learn about in FF7 Crisis Core . He also is part of , arguebly , the best scene in gaming history , if you played the game , you know what im speaking of . The game can easily be played for over 50hrs , and i promise you , you will love every minute of it . Take it from a person that has played the game the first day it came out , til even now . -LRB- I also have played every other FF game including having a lvl 75 rdm/blm on ff11 , and other jobs at high lvls as well -RRB- . Thus , if you want a great rpg to play , pick up this game , take a vacation from work , do not listen to the 15 yr old trolls that give 1 star ratings , get a six pac of beer or coke , whatever floats your boat , and enjoy the game , it is well worth it . Thanks for reading . - Gurgs
 Love this game . Got to the start of disc 2 . However the disc is messed up . I got it from my cousin , he is the one that wrecked it . I love this game , but come on , $ 40 ?!?!? I want to finish this game so please lower the damn price , eh ?
 Growing up , this was one of the games I remember my older brother playing on his PS . I was too young to understand much of it when I watched him play but I got the chance to try it myself when he put it on his laptop a couple of years ago . And yes , the graphics were laughably bad but the game still hooked me right from the beginning.It was the first rpg I 'd ever played and still the best one I 've ever played . The storyline drew me in and I 've never cared for any characters the way I did for these ones , especially the main characters , Cloud and Aeris . I must 've spent a hundred hours grinding everyone , getting all the weapons , materia , limit breaks , and just exploring every little thing along the way . My brother raved about it back when he first played it and now , I 'm raving about it . For anyone who wants a great rpg with a good plot , well-developed characters , and nice graphics -LRB- for its time anyway -RRB- , this game is a must .
 Final Fantasy 6 , a.k.a. Final Fantasy 3 on the SNES , was a great success . Many magazines like GamePro and EGM have praised it for its rich plot and complex scenarios . Nintendo Power even called it `` the RPG hit of the decade . '' Fans of the Super Nintendo and RPGs rejoiced over how great this game was , and with a slew of other RPGs on the system like Chrono Trigger , ActRaiser , and Nintendo 's A Link to the Past , a lot of fans -- myself included -- generally regard this period as one of the best video game production times of our generation , if not THE best.Along comes the Sony PlayStation . For some , this marks the end of the Golden Age of classic video games . I do n't entirely agree , as that system was the home of a handful classics ; Castlevania
 I was in 7th grade when this came out . I saved up and bought it . I 've played through it many times . This game not only brought the console RPG 's into the spot light but it also brought A LOT of fun to millions of fans.Ignore all of these peole saying it 's `` nothing special '' because they compare it to everything that came after it . In 1997 this game was TON of fun , but if you are going to buy it now and expect bells and whistles like all the more current RPG 's then you will be disapointed . I have nothing bad to say about FF7 , it 's a great game and will always be one of my all time favorites .
 Ever since I started playing RPGs , I 'd heard about the legend that is Final Fantasy VII . I wanted one . And I bought one for myself when I finally had the money . I loved it from the start . I 'd know some about the main character , Cloud , from the Kingdom Hearts series , but this was much better . He was my instant favorite . Aeris makes a close second . Considering when the game was made , its graphics are incredible and the soundtrack just makes it perfect . The plot is riveting and addictive . You ca n't just put the controller down . I 've since played several other Final Fantasys , yet this one remains my favorite . I highly recommend it to anyone who has any interest in RPGs and those who want to experiment with RPGs . If you 're going to try one out , pick this one .
 i played this game when it first came out then put it away for years , my grand kids are now old enough to play and when i took it out for them to play - it was like visiting an old friend , in my opinion this this is the very best of the final fantasy series , i have them all but the story in this one captures you . the game play is still fun and graphics are still beautiful - it stands the test of time .
 I started this game on my brother 's Playstation over my college Christmas break and have only just finished it this weekend . Let me say that it has renewed my faith in video games , which had waned since high school . The plot of this title is extraordinary ! I was amazed at how huge this game is
 when i bought this game , i had never heard of it before . i gotit mainly because it was the greatest hits version . i figured 20 bucksfor a 3cd game should be a pretty good deal . BOY WAS I RIGHT . this game started out very complicated for me because i had never played any of the FINAL FANTASY games . the only RPG i had previously played was the SUPER MARIO RPG . i liked that game so i thought it might be similar . i am still on the first disc and everyone tells me that it does n't even start to get good until the 2nd disc . i love this game . i played FF8 and i didnt like the fact that the other 2 characters actually follow you . i like all of the characters in this game and i wish you could play with more than 3 of them at a time . im kinda mad at one of the characters -LRB- i wont name who -RRB- because he or she turned out to be a spy . i cant wait to beat this game and start over . it is worth all the time that you have to put into it . its not an easy game to beat . if you get stuck -LRB- which happens a lot -RRB- i recommend you buy the strategy guide , but do n't read ahead . it helps explain how materia works and helps you out by giving you tips on how to beat enemies . IM OUT LIKE A TROUT !
 Amazing . Spectacular . Exciting . Great storyline , not that hard to follow . Too bad you never get to play as Sephiroth -LRB- except for in the Kalm fake flashback -RRB- Sephiroth is one of the coolest villians in all of the Final Fantasy games . I like the Ultima Weapon -LRB- is that the name of Cloud 's best sword or is it just Ultimate Weapon -RRB- whatever the heck , it 's the best game I 've ever played . Right behind it comes Final Fantasy VIII .
 This game changed what I expect from a game . It looked better than any I ever played before , and it was long enough to get really into it . Some games that look this good are far to short , paying for the quality . Not here . I say if you havent played it yet , WHY ?
 This is without a doubt the greatest game of all time . It has a gripping story , great great battle system , tons of spells and the materia system will leave you planning and thinking about the game even when you 've turned it off . Everything is great , i could ask for voice acting , but the music is so good , i cant complain .
 personaly i think ff7 is the best game ever made.if i had to pick the game i wanted the most this game would be it.it has i great story line.it has alot of gameplay hours.it has a good replay value . -LRB- i have played the game over 10 times -RRB- it has a very very fun mini game where you breed chocobo 's . if you havent played this game you dont know what your missing .
 This game is by far , other than FFVIII , the best RPG I 've ever played -LRB- as noted in the title -RRB- . If you 've played FFVIII you 've got ta get this game . It has the best graphics of its time period , the best storyline ever , -LRB- even better than FFVIII -RRB- and it 's HUGE ! If you 've ever liked or disliked RPGs this game is for you . I hated RPGs before this game but it changed my world .
 FFVII was the first RPG I ever played , and I was overwhelmed . I had never seen a game with such great storyline and characters . The crisp graphics , great music , and time-based battles were the icing on the cake . FFVII also gives us lots of variety , it 's not just the same old dungeon-town cycle . Lots of minigames like snowboarding , motorcycle riding , chocobo racing and raising , a submarine battle , and lots of other cool stuff keeps the game varied . I know people complain of the characters with oversized heads and forearms , but how much can this really take away from gameplay ? I 've played through this game three times , and I do n't get sick of it .
 I think this is the best game that i have ever played.It has such a good story to it.It takes you all over the place in outer space and around the world.It has really good graphics.It is a great adventure that takes you through 3 disks.I am still on the first one but right at the end of it.The battle formations are really cool , but do not make the same mistake I did , level up as much as you can because you will need powerful charactors later on in the game . I am planning on buying Final Fantasy 8 . I heard it is a really cool game , but take it from me this game is extremely awesume.By Derek
 I 've only had it for a month or so -LRB- this being Nov. 26 & all -RRB- , but it 's far and away the best game I 've played in quite some time . I 'm hardly halfway through the second disk , and I seem to be stuck . ; - -RRB-
 Thanks for this classic Final Fantasy game . This will be the first 3 disk long rpg I 've played though but who cares . It 's great !
 So some people claim that fanboys play this . That the only reason it is better than ff6 is better graphics . I bought this game ten years after its release , and i have played many modern games . I played the kingom hearts games before this . Graphics have nothing to do with this . Those that say that its good simply choose the games they are familiar with over the new games . Those that say the graphics are bad need to get over it and play games for what really matters . The graphics are classic and , while i look forward to a remake , i will always play the original . After playing the other ff games , Kingdom hearts is better than all FF games except this one . The music is outstanding , and really ties in with the story . I 'm gon na buy the soundtrack someday . It helps you to feel the emotions that the characters feel . I know that most people know the shocker in the story , but to avoid spoilers i will just say that it is one of the sadest moments i have ever seen and the most emotional game ever . The story is beyond emotion , though , as you get to see the histories and reasons for fighting for every character . You might not see Vincent as much as others but there is a ps2 sequel all about him . The world was amazing and finally unique in the sereis . Gameplay is better than turn-based but not as good as FF12 or better yet kingdom hearts . And do n't think the emotion makes this corny ; FF10 try to be emotional and comes out as cheesy . FF7 can make you cry -LRB- or want to if you are tough enough to resist -RRB- without really trying to make you be emotional . The game has the darkest mood in it and Cloud has become my favorite character for his role here , in the seques/prequels , and his role in Kingdom Hearts . Vincent is an amazing character as well . Anyways , the game has some haters and some fans , but it really is personal preference and you should play before you chose for yourself . It sells well enough , even used , so if you do n't like it go ahead and sell it . I personally am still willing to pay more than i did to buy it if i had to do it again .
 Let me preface this by saying I am not a fan of role-playing games . But from the first time I saw my friend playing this game , I was hooked . The battles , though turn-based , are incredibly exciting . The gameplay is so deep that you could easily play this game multiple times with different strategies and still succeed . But the best part of the game is the story . Cloud , who wants desperately to be something he is not and never was ; a hero , and in the end he becomes exactly that . Sephiroth , the fallen angel , who was a hero once but turned on the planet that he believed hated him . And the Shinra Corporation , who ruins the Planet in the name of greed and power . And each of the ancillary characters are interesting , as well , albeit some less than others . The graphics , though clearly dated , are still pretty good . The cinemas which were ground-breaking at the time , still hold up well also.If you have not played this game by now , you probably wo n't be convinced by these words . But please , do yourself a favor and get lost in an amazing tale.And I did n't even mention the great mini-games , such as Chocobo Breeding/Racing ! Just play it , already !
 es un buen juego , tiene diversidad y es facil de entender , tiene muchos item ocultos y muchas armas , muchas magia y poderes , a su a & ntilde ; o fue excepcional aun lo es , pero , debido a su baja grafica ya se ve pueda ver desde otra perpectiva , el juego en si es bueno , pero las graficas es demasiada simple , en comparacion con esta generacion de video juegos . te lo recomiendo el juego si a ti no te importa mucho la calidad de graficos
 If you have never played `` Final Fantasy VII '' and are considering purchasing it for more than you just payed for a brand new PS3 or XBox 360 game , read this review and you will find that your money is probably much better spent on this classic game . I did not play `` Final Fantasy VII '' when it first released in 1997 . I played it with a fresh set of eyes in 2008 knowing only that many labeled it a classic . They could n't have been more right . When `` Final Fantasy VII '' released it set a new paradigm for the RPG genre on the Playstation console . Not just in terms of graphics , but in terms of story line , and combat mechanics . The result is the fun that is derived from an emotional attachment to key characters and a gripping plot line . Of course when compared to the near photo realistic high definition graphics of today , the game is technologically inferior . That should go without saying , the game is over 10 years old . Graphics do n't make the game . I liken it to reading a book versus watching a movie . When I read a book , I choose the voices of the characters , my mind fills in the details of the characters and the setting that the words fail to portray . The end result is a much more personal experience . Playing this game is much the same way , the lack of detail and voice over results in an enhanced emotional attachment to the characters and plotline . The story line is sweeping , with strong character development throughout . At every turn something more is revealed about the characters ' past and how it relates to the present conflict . The depth of play is enhanced with mini-games and side quests and implementation of well placed easter eggs that allows for even more depth if players are willing to dig a bit . Now if you are willing to play the game , good luck finding an inexpensive working copy . This game is rare , getting it in `` collector 's condition '' is even harder . I am not so sure that it is worth the investment from a collector 's standpoint so a marginal green label copy will get the exact same game for significantly less money . However , I ca n't think of too many games that have appreciated over time . Based on this I went ahead and paid a little more and got a used copy , 3 working discs , all Black Label , flawless manual , non-faded case art -LRB- with the misprint of `` masterip ece '' on the back -RRB- I doubt it will ever be worth anything , but who knows , and I found it for just a bit more than I would pay for a new PS3 game . Order this game from a trusted retailer , and ask if the game is in guaranteed working condition . Ask about their return policy . I had to return my first copy after disc 1 failed to read after about 6 hours into the disc . Once you 've bought it , enjoy a piece of gaming history . The 40-100 hours spent playing will be worth the price of admission !
 I fondly remember the many hours/days/weeks that I played this game . It was the prime reason I bought my first Playstation . I look forward to testing out PS3 's purported backward compatibility to the PS2 with this game.I fervently hope Squaresoft considers reissuing this game for the PS3 with updated HD graphics and surround sound . I would buy it in a heartbeat !
 I Love It Its Fun . i Would Recomened This Game But Wait Just In Case PS3 Version Comes Out
 FF7 is possibly one of the best games I -LRB- as an RPG fan -RRB- have ever played . This game is full of action , great character development , and contains a plot full of suspense and thrill . I would highly recommend this game to any RPG player , as it is hands down the greatest FF game to be.The overall graphics of the game are nothing to be excited about by today 's standards , but at the time , this game was top of the line . The fighting style was similar to most previous Final Fantasy games , with the only real exception being the addition of the materia . Cloud is a likeable and overall cool character -LRB- Vincent Valentine is still the best though -RRB- , and the enemy is more well rounded than most enemies in FF games . One thing about the game that I thought to be a little odd , the fact that two characters -LRB- Yuffie and Vincent -RRB- were actually secret characters , so therfore , played no real role in the storyline . Other than that the game was great .
 I 'll admit , the first time I ever played this game , I was n't that into it . The main reason was that there , in my opinion , too many damn mini-games that were kinda hard -LRB- I STILL ca n't figure out how to get in line with the soldiers at the parade in I think Junon -RRB- . Also , the music , while very emotional , is very very sad . So is the story ... it got a little depressing to me.But that was the first time I played it . Now I 'm playing it again -LRB- this is my third time and I just beat the game about 6 months ago -RRB- , and I 'm finding the mini-games are n't quite as difficult ; I 'm not getting lost nearly as much , and I 've got ta say the music 's not quite so depressing anymore either . Also , I think it helps to play Crisis Core -LRB- PSP prequel to the game -RRB- or at least watch Advent Children -LRB- movie whose plot takes place about 2 years after the events of the PS game -RRB- . The story is still quite sad , but it works . I think anyone who is into RPGs will definitely enjoy this one .
 waaaaaaaaaaay too much for the game.honestly , i bought it when it came out for 29.99 no way is it worth 60 dollars
 Join Cloud Strife a ex-Member of SOILDER on a adventure to save the world!With his friends Tifa , Barret , Aeris , Vincet , Red XIII , Yuffie , Cid , and CaitSith on a adventure to stop Sephiroth from destroying the world
 This is the best game I have ever played in my whole existence . It has a great story and great fighting , any one who likes RPGs will like this game . I have beaten it three times and I still want to beat it a lot more .
 As soon as you start playing this game from the start , you 'll start to see the immense , imaginative world that has been created . As you progress further in the game you 'll understand the way magic and materia are used , and eventually the system of spirit energy -LRB- mako -RRB- and the way all things are all related in the same energy . This is truly a wonderful game , not only for the game itself , but the storyline . It 's one of those games that you do n't want to hear the ending , but find it out for yourself . As you progress in the game , you get more and more involved in the story . This is definitely the best game I 've ever played !
 Final Fantasy VII has the absolute BEST storyline in an RPG . Period . I know very few -LRB- if any -RRB- people who have started and not finished this game with a smile . It 's extremely addictive and you wo n't get bored with it before you finish it . I just love this game so much !
 Final Fantasy 7 is my personal favorit game , it has the best story line , way to play , lay out ... and on and on . Any way I highly recomend this game . And do n't forget that this is a 5-star rated game not just by me but many others , and also , not all games make `` Greatest Hits '' eather , just some things to think about . ...
 Final Fantasy 7 rocks . It 's the best game I have ever played ! The plot is amazing , the graphic sequences are outstanding . The characters are one of the coolest animated characters in gaming history . You almost get the feeling as if they were your friends . This game has everything a game needs ! Buy it and you will play it for weeks !
 Personally I play rpgs for the virtual soap opera experience , and I think FFVII offers the best storyline and characters . It 's well worth the time and the money if your looking for a good story , otherwise I 'd suggest playing something else .
 Final Fantasy 7 is a great game if you are reading the reviews you should stop at this one and buy it I would buy it for $ 60 but lucky for you it is only $ ... and it is well worth it if you are a fan of final fantasy and related games like chrono cross and legend of legaia you should buy this even if you hate all other RPG s this is a great one all I have to say is BUY BUY BUY BUY !!!
 I do n't even know where to begin . This is the game that made me want a PlayStation in the first place . The story ... jeez , it 's better than most books . It has so much , so many twists , and lots of unexpected surprises , that once you finish this great game , you 'll feel proud of yourself , and you 'll go to everyone and say `` I JUST BEAT FINAL FANTASY 7 ! YES ! '' It 's that good . The FMV is excellent , I would n't expect anything else for Sqaresoft , and the music fits the mood . The in-game graphics could use some work . They have blocks for hands and have no mouths , but it 's the graphics are not THAT important . With battle , do n't expect this to be a shooter or anything , the battle system is called Turned based . That means that each character has a meeter , and when it fills up , they can attack , cast magic , summon a monster , or whatever . One annoying thing about battles , is that when you walk around , there are too many random battles . One fun thing to do is equiping weapons , armor , and materia . Materia is the magic get to use . It 's also the summons . The game world is HUGE . It is . And there is so much to do , that the list is nameless , and it 's just like a real world . There is also a place where you can breed chocobos , they are giant birds . Doing this takes a long time , but it 's very rewarding . THat 's just one of the things you can do . Trust me , GET THIS GAME !
 To the person who is reading this , I HIGHLY recommend you get this . First of all it 's fun for all types of video game players ! Even I who was first O.K at RPG navigated easily and had a blast and it taught me how to be great at RPGs . Second the story line is magnificent . When you play this game you will be coming back for more and more because you want to find out what happens to Cloud -LRB- the main character -RRB- and the rest . Another great part is the graphics . Although the walking graphics are bad the battle and movie graphics are outstanding . The price is a good thing too ! Having one of the best games which contains three CD -LRB- it 's long in a good way -RRB- . So buy this now because if you do n't you will be missing out on a lot of fun!Sincerely , a person who wants you to have fun
 Final Fantasy VII is among my all time favorite games mostly because of the story . The story is very complex and at times hard to understand , but far more interesting than any other final fantasy games.Though the story is great , its sequels do offer more in other areas . Many of the Final Fantasies after 7 do offer a much more advanced battle system . The Materia system of this game is very good . It can take some skill at figuring out the best combinations that work best for the characters and is overall a good system . The battle system is in my opinion better than Final Fantasy 8 or 9 . Another great thing about Final Fantasy 7 is all the side quests it offers . Raising Chocobos is a fun way to pass time.I do not believe that everything about this game is great however . The Materia system is fun , but it can take many hours to get some of the best things . Final Fantasy X offers a better battle system , and the Graphics of Final Fantasy 7 are not very good . If you are a person who enjoys story , than I very strongly recommend this game , but everything else about the game is mostly average .
 Wow . This is one hell of a game . If you looked back now , with the XBOX 360 out and all , this game is horrible . However , for its time , it was the first 3D Final Fantasy out . And these graphics were extremele innovative and new at that time . People were amazed by these graphics . However , if you bought it at this time , then you would hate the graphics . However , the game itself is great - unless you dislike the way the battles are fought in Final Fantasy . The storyline shows character within each person , and has a deeper background behind each meaning . Get this game . It is the second best Final Fantasy game ever , just behind Final Fantasy 8 . So get this and 8 .
 FF7 has exceptionally good graphics , a good storyline and best of all provides lots of fun.FF7 is a good game to add to your PlayStation collection.I also recommend that you by FF8 and FF Anthology . I basically think that FF7 is a Damn Good Game .
 I think they should bring back these characters.in this , one perhaps a Final Fantasy XIV.This game had it all , in there and if they can create and bring this Classic back as the same plot ... and add some , current meaning to it , it would be a true saler for sure !!
 Game works beautifully -LRB- awesome game , by the way -RRB- Kudos to the seller ; hope to do business with you again
 Here in lies the greatest RPG even after nearly a decade . Not like anything you 'll every come across . With memorable characters , phenomenal gameplay , and a story that will leave you hanging on to your seats , this game is for everyone whether you love RPGs or if you hate them for it you hate them I assure you this one will quickly make you think twice .
 are you kids kiddin me ? every one of you are complainin about the graphics . graphics from 10 years ago ! and as for the kid who was complainin about parts of the game draggin out , its just like any other game where they have puzzles . for example , god of war & god of war 2 . and why would you want to play a game thats too easy . my 10 year old brother just recently started to play 7 for the first time and he loves it . so yall go back to your halos and wows lil kiddies .
 I love this game , I love the characters and the story line . This game has to be one of my top 10 favorite games . And FF VII coming out for PS2 makes it even better .
 Hi this is to be heard this game is good while not in my opinion the BEST game -LRB- I 've played a LOAD of games so competition for my favorites can be fierce -RRB- but nonetheless is very good after all how can you not love the characters even if the graphics are n't amazing anymore plus nice storyline I would n't recommend giving it to a 6 yr . old though unless you 've taugh them a couple words they usually WOULD N'T know until later or they are really mature she was playing games like that when i was about 7 though she 's about 5 yrs . older now -LRB- 12 -RRB- so that kinda thing dos n't bother me or her but I know some parents are a little more strict on that kinda thing so you know ... she combats a `` really harsh review '' as she says and it 'll be easier to just link.unfortunately we ca n't do that so we 'll tell you the name the review 's name is `` once again ... '' it 's the first review under the 1 * reviews -LRB- 1 star -RRB- and underneath the review is the word comment click it to see her review there it is . note that she says this is REALLY important to get across it 'll be under both the kid AND normal review sections -LRB- I 'M writing it this time i 'm her mom though i 'm writing almost exactly what she said with a few minor changes of course ! doing what was wanted -RRB- thanks for hearing us out !
 The battle system could of been a lot better . Number one
 After being slightly let down by FFVIII , my friend told me to try FFVII out . I still have n't given it back , and I do n't intend to for a long time . The only thing really bad about it are the graphics , which ca n't be helped at all.The storyline was epic , and does n't just develop from the beginning , it seeps back before the game started , with massive secrets that when they become apparent , are only half-explained before the characters are separated . Dark , disloyal and murky , the storyline of FFVII never fails to amaze . The best idea was killing off Aeris at the end of the first disc . Although I was n't happy to lose her -LRB- or my training time ! -RRB- , I think that it showed the makers did n't rely on the exuberance of the main characters to stimulate a boring , pointless game , and they were n't afraid of doing something that is n't very often done in a story like that . And I was so glad she did n't come back to life.The characters , Cloud , Tifa and Aeris all form a love triangle -LRB- a note to prevent sordid fantasies
 By far the BEST final fantasy ever madeIt was the first FF to be made on psx and the gameplay graphics were OK . But the CG graphics were really REALLY good.I was speechless at the end of the game where everything comes together and the big twist is revealed . That was awesome.So basically I give it 100 stars cuz I LOOOVE it .
 When I first heard about it , I couldnt see what the big deal was . But my friend loved it so much , so I thought I would try it out , so we started a game together.IT WAS THE GREATEST MOMENT OF MY LIFE . I loved that game from day one . every character had such a strong and rich background , even the two secret characters . And lets face it
 Final Fantasy VII is a beautifully created game to say the least . It diserves more than what I payed for it , seven dollars . This is a game that I bought a PS1 just for and never regreted it . The first six or so hours are so good they beat a lot of other games . After having a great time with that the rest of the game is so good I had to play it four more times . The graphics are now outdated but the special cutscenes are still better than most . It is obvious that SquareSoft has raised the bar yet again . It may just be the best game I 've ever played .
 I loved this game even thow some parts where hard as hell i think if you love rpgs then give this atry HELL YEAH
 I have loved this game from the moment it came out -LRB- I was 8 at the time -RRB- . When we first bought this my brother did most of the playing , however I was still interested in the game . Two years after we -LRB- he -RRB- beat it we decided it was time to go back and play it again . This time I was older and could play RPGs better than I could before . Since then we have beaten it 6 or 7 times , and I never get tired . Do n't get me wrong , Final Fantasy 9 and 10 are awesome , but they will never match up to this classic .
 This is truly a classic video game . The Characters are interesting , funny , serious , kind , loving and they 'll touch your heart . The music changes throughout the game , so you do n't get tired of the same old stuff . The graphics are groundbreaking for its time.Sephiroth , the villain is horrible and most likely the evilest and most creepy one yet . The story is the greatest one I 've read/played in years.You 'd truly be satisfied with yourself if you bought this game . Although you might not want to stop playing this game and your family/friends might feel lonely and neglected . But who really cares it 's not like the world is all fun-filled joy . It 's mostly hell and you might want to get this game so you can get away from it.Anyway , you really should purchase this game ... ~ Jonathan
 Final Fantasy VII is simply the best RPG ever created . Its story never gets dull and the battle system is one of the more complex of Final Fantasies . FF VII is a very long game . It will take at least fifty hours to complete and several more to find everything the game has to offer . If you get a PS2 or playstation soon , do yourself a favor and buy this game instead of number ten or eight and 9 .
 Let 's get some formalities out of the way . Music is great , scenery looks amazing , in-battle graphics still impressive -LRB- creating the best effect with the technology available at the time -RRB- , but the on-field characters look comically blocky and kid-like . And the map looks great -LRB- though not as good as FF9 -RRB- . Now , for the important things . THIS GAME IS THE DEEPEST I HAVE PLAYED IN MY LIFE . It can be finished quickly , and played several more times without losing the fun factor , while the ABSOLUTELY STUNNINGLY COMPLEX AND ENGAGING PLOT truly forms itself in your brain . The world is complete and and emotionally believable -LRB- not to mention huge -RRB- . The characters are endearing -- funny , noble , human . The villain -LRB- Sephiroth -RRB- is the absolute most sinister badass I have seen in a video game . And the central character , Cloud , is one of the most well-rounded , least black-and-white-cliched protagonists I have seen in ANY MEDIA . And of course , the gameplay is fun -LRB- though quite easy if you just want to beat the game -RRB- -- with many levels of mastery , secrets , side-quests , etc. , providing great replay value.This game should not be considered just a video game . It should be given to students in school as an example of complete and elaborate art.I just wish I could turn back time and play this game for the first time . Again .
 Final Fantasy VII was the first game that got me hooked on Final Fantasy ... or Playstation in general . It 's absolutely perfect . The graphics are great , the storyline is really beautiful and painfully intriguing -LRB- it 's very easy to get hooked -RRB- . However , my two absolute favorite parts of this game are the music and the characters . I ca n't play a game if the music is bad , but the composer of all the music in this game is a genius . Each note contains all the emotion of the scene . It was half the reason that I cried pitifully ... it was an emotional thing ... at Aeris 's death . And the characters are extremely colorful . The person playing the game can relate to each and every one of them . When Aeris dies , you can feel Cloud 's pain ... or you can relate to Barret 's isolation in Corel , and Cid 's longing to fly into space . Even the characters that walk the streets add to the game when you talk to them . Overall , if you have to have one game in the FF series , you should definitely go out of your way to get this one . This is a game that 's got everything ... comedy , drama , romance , action , lots and lots of imagination ... AND a really good ending !
 I just wanted to put my 2 cents in on this great game . I bought this game when it first came out . I remember it being advertised on tv , and I thought it looked great , so I got it and played my first RPG game.Boy was I blown away !!! Back then the graphics were great , but now I see how bad they are , but I can not fault the game because it was made back in the day for the PS1 -LRB- by the way I did buy a used copy off ebay for 50.00 -RRB- . I do remember the great gameplay , and how I would spend hours caught up in the games storyline . I am now re-playing the game and reliving the wonderful memories of this game.All the ones giving it bad reviews , like the others said must be little teens who do n't understand a classic when they see one . When they get older and Halo becomes a classic like this game , their kids will make fun of Halo I 'm sure.Anyway , do n't get caught up in the graphics , this game has a wonderful story and gameplay , and it 's enough to play over again .
 while the game it 's self is an old game and really no longer in the gamers memory thanks to X-2 and XII i still see the VII era never to be over while expensive and very out of stock worth ever bit in your collection and deserves the high shelf final fantasy 7 is game of the year probably until i die
 Final Fantasy 7 is in my opinion , the best game in the entire series . The graphics are crisp , the gameplay is as fun as any other FF game and the music is epic . This is nearly a perfect game .
 I ca n't believe how many gamers are hailing this game as the best final fantasy ever ... i mean i know everyone has a different opinion and all but i mean come on , has n't any of you played final fantasy 6 ? that game pretty much did everything this game did , only so much better . where do i begin?characters
 I 'm not going to go on and on about the features , or the marvelous graphics , soundtrack , and gameplay . It 's just a AWESOME game , and if your thinking of getting a copy , order them from porthols ... he 's pretty cool -LRB- and no i 'm not him or anybody associated with him , just ordered the game from him . . -RRB-
 I spent pretty much a whole mounth of my life just playin this game and i dont regret it . This game is just so intence it pretty much starts to rub off on you a lil bit . THe story is very deep and even change a lil depending on how you play the game . Alas they 're are people who should never play this game ever . I like to call these people morons because all they can do while playing this is complain about the graphics . People need to look beyond graphics to see weather are not its worth playing .
 I must have played through this game at least 5 times and i 'll never get tired of it . If you 've never played a final fantasy , or any RPG for that matter , this is the one to start with . With many side quests and outrageous mini games , this game has something for everyone . Like racing games ? Like Snowboarding games ? Like a challenge ? Like a super-cool ending ? Like an awesome story with spellbinding plot twists ? If you answer yes to any of these questions then I do n't have to tell you how much you will enjoy this game . With an easy to master battle system and some challenging battles , this game is perfect for beginners and expert gamers . This game is perfect . Simple as that . : -RRB-
 Without a doubt this has to be the greatest game ever made . It is a flowing fountain of well writen plot line and the most developed characters in video game history . No game gomes close to being better than this rare spectacal of a game . Although its followup games were far less superior , I know that this wonderful game will make an impression on anybody who plays ...
 Final Fantasy VII , the first on the Playstation , is the best in the series and brings back everything we love about the first games plus more . Final Fantasy VII takes place in a world corrupted by a evil corparation , Shinra , where rebels are trying to save the world from being destroyed by Shinra and the evil Sephrioth . Sephrioth is the best villian and you really feel sorry for him . Cloud , Tifa , Barret , Aeris , and Vincent Valentine are the best heros the series as ever had.Pros
 Money , freedom , survival , love , adventure , endless strategies , and extreme battles are what this game consists of . Definitely my favorite Playstation game . I 'm still playing this game after 4 years of getting it . I have been able to beat the game for such a long time , but I have chosen not to . I just love the game too much to have it end . I just play with chocobos . . hehe . I can safely say i have put atleast 300 hours into the game . Yep , it 's that good . Hate playing games that take a while to actually start getting into battles and action ? This game starts out right away with a battle . Within the first 10 seconds of playing you are in a battle . The cinematics are incredible for it 's release time . It surpasses just about all of the cinematics I have seen in any Playstation game . Plus , you can alternate just about everything . The characters , materia -LRB- magic -RRB- that each character can use , attacks , and you can even change every character 's name to your liking . I could go on for hours about this game , but what else is there to say ? My description beats just about every game . Here 's some advice-get the game . It 's only twenty dollars for a three-disc set . You can even snowboard , ride a bike and whack people with Cloud 's sword , go in a submarine , and even race on Chocobos -LRB- play the game to find out what they are -RRB- . I also suggest getting the good strategy guide -LRB- one with the same cover on it as the game does -RRB- for this game because you might have trouble breeding Chocobo 's . But you can figure it out yourself by going to the northern island and talk to Chocobo Sage in the house . Well alright , have fun playing the game if you decide to do something smart by buying this game .
 If I could give this game a hundred more stars , I would . If you are a fan of all things RPG and you do n't have this game already , what are you doing ?! Final Fantasy VII now may look a bit dated when compared to it 's younger brothers VIII and IX , but it 's storyline and character development still surpasses them ANY day . To be brutally honest , because of this game , I am still scared that a giant Meteor will come down on this planet and kill us all.You have n't got this game ? Then get it . NOW . You get it ? You got it?Good .
 I was sceptical when I first pick up this game . I 'd never heard of the `` Final Fantasy '' series before but I got it used ... so who cares ? I turned on the game . Well the ghraphics are pretty cheesey but when I started getting in tp the storyline and saw Cloud jump off the bridge and onto the train below I knew I had to finish this one and get the others.The Final Fantasy seires has changed the video game world . Final Fantasy is and always will be a classic . I can still remeber crying my eyes out when cloud puts Aeris 's dead body into the water . Now with Final Fantasy X coming out on PS2 I know that ther will never be an actual Final Final Fantasy .
 This is the only perfect game for the PSOne . Its was way ahead of its time . No wonder it took the gamer world by storm . Everything is perfect ; graphics , difficulty , gameplay , music , characters , you name it . I do n't think we need to review it , it is PERFECT you know . So you already know that everything looks and runs PERFECT !
 This game is absolutley unbelieveable . Although many games have come close to matching the greatness of this game -LRB- namely Chrono Trigger , Chrono Cross , Metal Gear Solid , and Xenogears , among many others -RRB- I still think that this is the best of the best when it comes to RPGs . The gameplay is out of this world , the battle system is near perfect , and the story is the best I have ever encountered on any system period . Mix all of that in with a great soundtrack , and you get one heck of an awesome game.The only thing that I dont not like about this game is the way they handled the random battles . This game would have been soooo much better if they made the battle system like Chrono Cross , allowing you to avoid unnessecary battles . Also , the Active Time Battle gets a little annoying at times , but the time meters move pretty fast , unlike in FF IX , where you spend most of your time waiting for your gauge to fill up . Other than these two aspects , the game is flawless . I beat it once about a year ago , and just picked it up again . It is just as good the second time around . If you are looking for a game to invest 60 + hours into , with a great storyline and excellent gameplay , this is the game for you . And if you have played this game and love it as much as I do , definatley do yourself a favor and pick up Chrono Cross .
 Yes I said ONE of the best games ever made ... but not THE best . This game falls right behind ... XENOGEARS . You probably havent played it since its very hard to get . But it 's definently , in my opinnion the best game ever ... and if u have the chance then get it !! Anyways , FF7 has great graphics but the character models are totally ugly . The backrounds are very nice though , and so are the FMV ` sThe gameplay is fun and addicting except ... THE BATTLE SYSTEM . Why is it that every Final Fantasy game has had a completely boring battle system . Why ca n't they make them like Xenogears ??? Xenogears had a very very great and fun battle system . With battles like this in FF7 , you 'll always be wishing not to run into a enemy.The sound is perfectThe controls are easyThis game is great , period . And if you havent bought it yet then you are insane.Besides Xenogears , no game comes close to this
 This is the most FANTASTIC game i have ever played . The graphics , the story , the characters , the music -LRB- yes , music ! -RRB- , the mystery ... it 's just SO good ! If you pass this offer up , you should NEVER forgive yourself . So , get it ! I wish I could sum up the game , but I ca n't . It 's best for the whole game to be a surprise ; it 's better that way , everything is new ! This game leads you into a fantasy world you 'll never forget !
 Ok , I do n't care what ANY of you say , Final Fantasy VII has ORIGINAL graphics !!! In its time those graphics were amazing ! Look at final fantasy 6 graphics and tell me if THOSE were better ! Ok , I admit , they do look a little prehistoric compared to X-2 , but that 's NEW , and for those of you who are comparing , shame . on . you.The plot in VII is SOOOOOOO much more in depth !!! And Sephiroth is in it !!! Nuff said . FFVII rules . Always.Rikku signing off . -LRB- And yes I know the irony of my name being Rikku and I 'm not a huge fan of X or X-2 , but that IS my actual name . I SWEAR . -RRB-
 this is the best game I 've ever played and I especially liked the materia . 8 and up were a dissapointment and I hope that they remake this game like final fantasy 2 and 3 .
 It 's so sad that people have no clue what they are talking about ... `` Oh no I have to hate this game becuase the graphics are sooo bad ! even though it was one of the early releases for the Playstation '' WAAA WAAAA WAAAAA I 'm sorry but you people are stupid if all you care about is your little graphic fantasy ! Most of you had to had played this game for 10 mintues and say this is horrible because i hate the graphics . See the thing is Square has made a huge profit off of this game this is almost everyones favorite RPG or game . Batlle system is awesome so many side quest great story GOOD GRAPHICS FOR THAT TIME PERIOD ! Sheesh ! I have every console FF game even FFXI and this is better than all of them it really gets you involved look what the Editorial Review said heh . All the game sights give it an 90/100 4.5 / 5 9.5 / 10 and so on only people that do n't understand what a true masterpiece is.Great Story Great Strategic Battle System Great Characters * Spoiler * Only reason why alot of people did n't like this is becasuse Aeris died . Well did you that Sephiroth was a nice person ? Did you think he would n't kill anybody and you would have to destroy him before he killed anyone ? Yes that would definately be a stupid game ! But its not so go back and try it for 10 hours and if you still do n't like it then do n't play or complain about it ^ ^ We really just like to hear positive comments :D So Happy Playing !
 This game was ground breaking in 97 . Most of the reviews I 've read exclaime THESE GRAPHICS SUCK !!! , but you have to remeber that this was 1997 . When you play this game the graphics do n't seem to matter . This game has to be admired fore it 's magnificant story . If you havent played a game older then 1999 , then you probably wo n't be able to get past the quality of the graphics . Bottom line , you looking for dazaling graphics , get something else , but if you want a dazaling story that will pull you in and keep you in for hours , then this your game .
 Obviously , this game receives extremely mixed reviews , most either 5 stars or 1 . Personally , I think this game deserves more than 5 stars , at least 10 . The graphics were revolutionary for its time -LRB- anyone saying the graphics were terrible are complete and total imbeciles because they 're comparing them to new games -RRB- , and stand the test of time . That is to say , they 're tollerable and the rest of the game is better than most games today.The story is -LRB- IMO -RRB- the best of any game of all time . Of course , I ca n't truly say that for sure because I have n't played EVERY single game ever made -LRB- though I 've played at least 500 -RRB- , but out of all those games -LRB- more than half of which are RPGs -RRB- , it was the best . Chrono Trigger , any of the other Final Fantasy 's , etc. - -LRB- IMO -RRB- they just ca n't compare.The gameplay is great , especially for its time . The battle system , although maybe a bit jaded now is still extremely good . Botttom line though , buy it for the story.If you do n't have this game already , get it . And if you hate it , go ahead and burn it . SquareEnix still get 's the royalties .
 this is no doubt at ALL the best game ever made in the history of video gaming . i 've had it for 4 years and and still not the least bit tired of it . this game is a true masterpiece . even with the playstation 2 , and xbox , ect . this game is the best . please buy it !!! you will see how truly good this is
 Wow , the reviews here run the gamut ; while I am not surprised to see many bad reviews -LRB- sometimes , I think that people are just feeling spiteful , as I myself have another incarnation that does the same thing -RRB- , it is odd to read such statements as `` This is destined to be the most disappointing RPG ever '' -LRB- and forgive me for ruining your writing for the sake of comprehensiblilty -RRB- . FFVII was released in 1997 , became possibly the best-selling RPG ever , has been lauded by most critics for years , and this is 2004 . I think the ship of destiny has sailed.Anyway , I love this game . I have played it multiple times , and while it is n't my favorite FF title -LRB- that honor is shared by FFVI and FFVIII -RRB- , it holds a special place in my heart . I read in the spotlight above that one reviewer gave up on the game because Aeris died ; this seems odd -LRB- I mean , really , these are only video game characters , and can someone really get worked up that much over the merely-physical death of a single heroine ? -RRB- . I myself found this a bit silly -LRB- characters get killed all the time in RPGs ; did n't Cloud have a Phoenix Down on hand ? -RRB- , but it did n't detract from my enjoyment of the game . The gameplay , the sidequests , the graphics -LRB- for their time -RRB- , the Chocobos - all come together quite well in this title . I particularly enjoyed the frustration -LRB- and ultimate satisfaction -RRB- of defeating Emerald and Ruby , and the storyline is OK as well . I 'm sure that everyone has played this , but if you have n't , well , give it a try .
 It always breaks my heart when I see poor reviews for this game . What , besides the graphics , is there not to love ?? This game was the first ff game i played ; i havent had the privlige to play older than 7 . THE STORYLINE IS BEAUTIFUL , and even though ive played it over 10 times , i never get tired of it . Im about to give some of it away , so if you havent played it skip to the next paragraph . Aeris dies in the middle of the game , and the first time i saw it i got all depressed for a few days , lol . Aeris cant be resurrected . BIG DEAL . I hate storys that can never stand a bit of loss . I cant believe people want her to be revived ! its totally corny , and unrealistic . besides , cloud and tifa have a pretty nice set up.THE GRAPHICS WERE BAD . SO ? I totally agree with Yojimbo . ffX 's graphics were good , but it was the worst game ive ever played , until i played X-2 . Besides , its so fun to laugh at how the people are blocks . i simply cant let graphics get in the way of a good , intricate plot . I also loved FFtactics , even though the graphics on there were bad , and i was terrible at it.THE MUSIC IS EXCELLENT !! I loved the music on this game . Its the best music of all ff 's . No , acatually all ff 's have great music , except FFX and X-2 . 7 has a wide variety of music , unlike 10 . My personal favorite is the music for battle.CHARACTERS ARE UNIQUE AND FUN ! My all-time favorite ff character is Cid . He 's not that important , but he cracks me up . Favorite quote from Cid
 -LRB- sorry for grammatical mistakes , and spelling errors , i did n't check it over , you should be able to interpret my meaning anyways -RRB- i 'll start out by saying this was the first ff game i have heard of , played , have recommended to me , watched someone play , prejudged harshly , and grown to love . So i 'm not judging this as a ff veteran . I had a snes at the time the snes FFs were around , but i had never played or heard of them -LRB- i was really little then , and not a big fan of games really -RRB- , my snes broke anyways . I had a N64 for long time , and a subscription to a bunch of game magazines . and i saw all the 5 star reviews and advertisements for this game and ff8 -LRB- later on of course -RRB- , i was curious . My friends played rpgs ALOT , they recommended as a beginning game to play ff7 , i thought it looked boring , which i can understand why people say that , it looks boring , but if you ever gave the game a far unbiased -LRB- dont stick to your stubborn first impressions , and you 'll love it -RRB- chance and it might be the greatest thing youve ever played.Since i 'm a jerk when it comes to criticizing things when it comes to things i prejudge as beign bad , i started out not liking the game , its seemed silly , the more i played the more i liked it -LRB- by myself of course -RRB- . i expected the whole game to be played out in midgar , and it probably could 've and still have been a lengthy game , but nooooo they took it another 5000 steps beyond . The music in this game is beautiful , as with all the ffs -LRB- yea , i have heard the music even though i have n't played em , my friend has all the cds -RRB- , some songs such as -LRB- tifa 's theme , sending a dream into the universe , those chosen by the planet , flowers blooming in the church , to name a FEW , set the mood PERFECTLY , and can inspire strong emotion , dependign on the feel of the song -RRB- . i have not beat the game actually i got to disc 3 and then i sold my ps1 for a ps2 , never got on , lost memory card , got a psone -LRB- small one -RRB- , and a new card , started a new game , and then bought the pc version , which is also great , minus the sometimes ackwards controls -LRB- which you can configure , but they seem ackward anywhere -RRB- . so ignoring my ps1 game , i 've been working on the pc version . for the pc version i have the soundfonts of all the ps songs -LRB- the midis for the computer are pretty poor -RRB- and i listen to them on their own , yea theyre that good . honestly , give the game a chance , either you 'll find a new love , or somethings to complain about either way , your occupied .
 This game is famous for how much it changed the RPG genre at the time , so I did n't fully appreciate its greatness , seeing as how im only thirteen and played it in 2003 . I still think it is a wonderful game , with a great cast , a great story , and a great world , packed full of sidequests . A must have for any serious gamer . You ca n't call your self a FF fan if you have n't played this .
 When I got this game playstation had come a long way . Yeah I thought the grapics were a lil bad ... but it 's an RPG people you do n't play for the grapics ... I mean look at the other Final Fantasy games . Your Character waved his weapon and hit the enemy from across that feild . At least in 7 you got to see hits really happien.The Story was great , by far on of the best one . I ` ver read some people talkin about how 8 's storie was better . I would like to know how . 8 was the first rpg that I had , and to this day I still dunno what or who I am fighting . You jump from present to past , every so often which in some ways was great and then from present to future . I had trouble knowing who the real villian was . On disc one it some old chick , then it 's Squall 's girlfriend a good guy gone bad ? I never . Then you revial fights you till he losses and then he just runs away . He dos n't even work for the main villian . At least in 7 you know who your going after , the dual villians Sethp . and Shirna . The grapics are not much but the FMV and CGI are worth it . But I always keep in mind when the game was made.The Story alone made this game so great . A Guy named Cloud who has lost most of his past is out trying to find it . By chance he is found by an old childhood friend that triggers memiores . His friends leads to the a group that is fighting to save the planet from being killed . The guy makes strong allies and finds himself in the middle of a love triangle . Things turn for the wrose when a evil from the past and the darkest memiroes of Cloud returns from the `` grave '' to make himself a god at the life of the planet.I did n't want to give it all away but the story make the game wroth buying or at least trying . many people try to say it 's a good game and it is . The grapic are out dated and Cloud dose look like MC Hammer in his get up . But the story line and gameplay make this game wroth the time and effort to play . I have enjoyed this game more so then 8 and 9 ... and 10 was close to being just a good but it seemed like at the end squarsoft just gave up and rushed it to get done .
 This game is still the greatest game in the Final Fantasy series . The new games have no storyline and no plot . The music was very well done . Nobou Uematsu knows what he is doing . I recommend this game to anyone who likes RPG 's . Despite the long length of the game , it is worth playing through at least twice .
 IS THI GAME AWSOME OR WHAT ? You have got to try it out . Every person ive ever met that has played this game says they love it !!!!! I have to strongly agree with them.If you like RPGs-then you will LOVE this game !!! If you have never playe an RPG then i think this is the one to try-try it and im almost possitive you will love it !! It will deffinitly be worth your money !!! But be warned-it has A LOT of cousing in it -LRB- Which makes it more realistic -RRB- so probably someone who is 10 and down sohouldnt play it.Overall , this is a masterpiece of a game !!!
 I have played this game through over 4 times and I must say that every time I played it through it got better . The first time I played this game I got stuck at the end of the first disk and had to start over , but I did n't care . I beat the game on my next try and the several other play-throughs after that . The characters are great , the story is the most captivating of any game that I have ever played , and it is a much , much better game that Final Fantasy VIII because FF7 had story , good characters and it led the way for RPGs on the PS . It is a long game , which is great , but by the time you play it through a few times it gets shorter . I was able to beat it in 16 hours . Anyway , if you have a PS1 or PS2 and do n't have this game , buy it right now !! If you have an Xbox or Gamecube , buy a PS1 and get this game !!
 final fantasy VII is an epic game with an engrossing storyline and enjoyable characters.the only real flaw in the game is the character graphics which are realitively poor in the real world but in the battle scenes the characters take on a personality of their own as they launch some immensly impressive attacks . -LRB- you 've got to love vincents transformations ! -RRB- as with all RPG 's the game can get a bit static and repetitive as you get stuck on your first adventure.I myself have completed the game 21 times -LRB- I have ridiculous amounts of spare time ! -RRB- and the story is the best one in the entire series -LRB- I have played 1-10 -RRB-
 This has to be the best Final Fantasy game ever . I started to get into this series a few years after this game came out , and I think the FF series is the best video game series out there . Some people may complain that it has bad graphics . If your a real RPG fan , you dont care about graphics . Thats not the reason people buy people these awesome old school rpgs . The reason they buy them is for a great story , great characters , and great battle systems . This game has all that and a bag of chips ... This game has an unbelievably great story , that sometimes makes you crack up with laughter , and then makes you cry . Some parts of the game even scare you to some extent ... lol . It also had a great list of characters , all with their own , and all different , personalities . Then there is the battle system.WOW . What a battle system . One thing about some rpgs is the pain of random battles , but these battles are fun to play . Not to mention how easy it is to equipt and upgrade magic and summons with the materia system . Also , this game has plenty of side quests and minigames to keep you playing this for atleast 70 + hours . This game is a must have if you own Playstation , or even PS2 . All im really saying here is for the people who havent played this yet , dont avoid this because of the `` old '' looking graphics ... because im sure most of you will really enjoy this game .
 It 's been over two years since I 've played this game . Still even now however just thinking about it makes me want to jump back in.It has the ultimate bad-guy , Sephiroth , your whiny yet likeable hero in Cloud . Aeris , who people loved for some reason , and everyone knows what happened to her.The story is flawless , not as in depth as some other games , but it 's simple and that 's whats so great about it . It 's the ultimate evil against the ultimate good , with twists all around.The materia system is the best system out of the games 7-10 , and could be the best system out of all the Final Fantasy games.The graphics for it 's time were unthinkable.To pinpoint the one thing that makes a game so great , I personally do n't even know . I just know that for some reason this game was the first RPG I 've ever played , and still continues to be one of the best .
 Final Fantasy VII , which was the first FF released on a 32 bit system , is hands down the best FF ever . Yes , I have played and beaten FF 1-10 . Yes , the graphics are poor . But you must remember , this game was released more than SIX years ago . Back at this time the original Playstation was still in it 's infancy.But who cares about graphics right ? Any avid RPGer cares more about storyline , the combat system , etc.Well , the storyline is one of the greatest ever in an RPG . However , if you have never played FF7 , be warned , it can be a bit difficult to follow your first time . Hell , I have beaten it at least 10 times and there are still parts I do n't understand . The intriguing part about the story is that there are really two factions you are fighting against , the Shinra , and Sephiroth.FF7 was really the first modern RPG . Gone are the days of the old fashioned RPG where at the beginning of the game you are basically told , you have to go to Dungeon A to kill Monster B to save the world . The plot slowly unravels throughout the journey.Then , there is the music , which is absolutely terrific . Who can forget fighting Jenova Life with Aeris 's theme playing in the background , or the classic `` One Winged Angel '' when fighting Safer Sephiroth.The only flaw is that combat can be repetitive , but is n't that a problem with every RPG?Overall , this is one of the greatest , if not the greatest RPG of all time , possibly only surpassed by another Square RPG that was released on the Playstation , Xenogears .
 One of the greatest games ever made in history ! The kind of game that makes you play it over and over again for no reason ! The grapics may not be that great , but the storyline , enemies , and adventures well make up for the grapics . You 'll enjoy all three discs as you breed chocobos , fly a ship , and even summon all thirteen Knights of the Round Table !!!
 This game has to beat out all of the Final Fantasy games for playstation -LRB- not including PS2 -RRB- . The graphics are amazing considering its made for playstation . This game is a definite buy . out of 5 stars , i give it a 6 ! The plot is very thick and there are very very challenging parts in the game .
 I love this game ! All 3 disks were filled with surpirses and every moment of the game was fun . Whoever says that the characters are bad and the stroyline is bad , needs help . Sure , the graphics are n't as good as FFX and there is no voice acting , but the characters and the stroyline are enough to make you forget about the graphics and just have fun . The music was also amazing . I have never really played any RPG 's besides FFX and Kingdom Hearts , and when I got this game , I stayed up until 2:00 AM playing it . You do n't have to like RPG 's tolike this game .
 This game is definatey the best final fantasy game ever created . The graphics and animations are smooth , the story is superb and I cant find much thats wrong . A WARNING
 I have been playing Final fantasy VII since I was about 9 years old ... I love the game , it is absolutely incredible ! The graphics are kinda screwed up , and Aeris dying ? Why not use a Phoenix Down on her like they always do ? I gave it a four star but it is still a very awesome game ...
 This game was the first role playing game that I got the chance to play . and coincedently it is the last that I have enjoyed so thouroughly . It is the best final fantasy game by far . The trend with the final fantasy series seems to be that graphics improve and the game play gets more linear . If you like freedom then ff7 is the game for you . things can be done at your own pace and in countless different orders . The materia system is an incredibly fun magic system to use and the fighting is creative . As far as story line goes let me put it like this . On one of the cut scenes my father , a 44 year old man , broke down in tears . genuine tears . I think that more than explains the story and character development . play this game and enjoy it because if you want anything similiar you 're going to have to play it again . All square soft can do to make a better final fantasy game in my opinion is to put ff7 out for playstation 2 with improved graphics . played this game so much my grades suffered . Better than -LSB- drugs ! -RSB- enjoy !
 Final fantasy 7 is the best game I have ever played , and I am saying that from the heart -LRB- sniff -RRB- . The graphics are amazing for playstation 1 . The story and characters are awesome , especially Sephiroth , he is my favorite ! The battling is amazing , what else could I say ? Final Fantasy 7 kicks ... !
 I am a veteran of the Final Fantasy series beating every single game ever made , yet the shock at which I first observed Final Fantasy 7 's immense wondrous storyline is yet to be repeated in any other game . To fully comprehend the game one must be learned and able to understand thick , hidden fractions of the amazing story . I was so overwhelmed I had to take a break from the game to recover . Since purchasing the game -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , I have completed it 30 seperate times , that 's how replayable it is . Best have some tissues ready for the deep CG sequences . BEST GAME EVER !! It should recieve every award video games can get .
 Final Fantasy 7 is the best rpg EVER in my opinion . It 's storyline is like no other , and has the best Final Fantasy characters in it . Not to mention it has the coolest , most powerful , and Ultimate villian of all time , Sephiroth . This is one of my favorite video games , and will never let it be forgotten .
 This game came out in 1997 and to this day has still a large following . And when I mean large I mean possibly into the millions . In the US this game really changed what early RPG fans assumed RPGs should be and for new fans it became the standard of what RPGs should have . Think of what RPGs would be today if this game had not been released -LRB- cringe -RRB- ! This game speed up the evolution of RPGs . But we can only imagine the next time another RPG will take the role of changing the face of this genre . This game is not perfect but it deserves respect for what it opened to many gamers . Highly recommended !
 Man if you want to experience the greatest video game ever then this is it , look no farther . This game has it all .1 . The most well thought out story ever on a video game .2 . Great character development .3 . Many many side quest .4 . Dymatic ending and great finish.If you can find any game that can match that criteria and do it as well as FF7 , then I 'll eat your hat !!! Screw 5 stars ... 100 stars !!!
 If anyone has the slightest negative thing to say about this increadable epic , I do n't know what the hell they are smoking . This game is better than any movie I 've ever seen , better than any book I have ever read , and better than any other game ... period . The storyline is increadable and will stick in my mind for as long as I live . And in response to another review here , screw the graphics because they mean nothing . He or she also said that the whole storyline with Aeries was dissapointing and that he/she was hoping she 'd come back together . My response to you is to stop expecting everything to be like Carebears -- Hav n't you heard of irony ? That is part of what made the story so great , so you can go to hell . I will never play a better game and I know that for a fact because this game is the epitome of perfection , and there is no better game .
 This is a good game overal . the cut scenes can get a bit long . but I would buy it if you like the final fantasy series . I would not pay over 29 for this game . It is an older game and people are just ripping others off . there are alot of other places to get this . Dont get taken
 Final Fantasy VII is an amazing game with great battle - and cut-scenes , wonderful graphics , completely unique characters , a large world to explore , and an extremely AMAZING -LRB- SOOOOOO AMAZING I CA N'T EVEN BEGIN TO EXPLAIN -RRB- and complex stoyline . The game provides countless hours of fun-filled gamplay that will leave you crying , laughing , and yearning for more . The storyline is full of twists and turns that all revolvearound a mercenary -LRB- and EX-SOLDIER for the corrupt Shinra , inc. -RRB- named Cloud Strife.The characters are also very unique . Aside from Cloud , the characters are Tifa Lockheart , Barret Wallace , Aeris Gainsborough , Red XIII , Cait Sith , Cid Highwind , Vincent Valentine -LRB- secret character -RRB- , and Yuffie Kisaragi -LRB- secret chaacter -RRB- . The storyline changes and surprises you with many turns constantly and the battle scenes are easy to understand.I can not even begin to describe the emotion and utter amazement this game will give you . There are also many secrets and side-tasks that you may or may not do . Such as , Chocobo breeding and racing , the two secret characters -LRB- Vincent and Yuffie -RRB- , the ultimate -LRB- and secret -RRB- summon known as Knites of the Round , trying to destroy any or all of the three remaining `` WEAPONS '' -LRB- Ultimate Weapon , Ruby Weapon , and/or Emerald Weapon -RRB- . All in all , the story leads to Cloud and his party trying to stop `` Meteor '' -LRB- summoned by the Black Materia -RRB- from crashig into the planet and destroying life as they all know it . They THINK they can accomplish this by destroying the renowned , feared , and long-d ... -LRB- I wo n't give it away -RRB- enemy named Sephiroth.This is a `` must-have '' game for all RPG fans . If you are a fan of the earlier Final Fantasies , Chrono Trigger , Super Mario RPG , etc. then buy this game and play it over and over again . If you are a fan of the Diablo series or the Fallout series -LRB- and other games similar to those -RRB- then do n't desegrade -LRB- `` ruin '' for those who do n't know -RRB- this wonderful game with your presence .
 I * LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE * Final Fantasy VII , it is the most superior game in the history of gaming by far -LRB- fancy graphics do n't mean a thing ! -RRB- The story of Cloud Strife in a quest to save the planet from the meniacle Sephiroth leads to his own soul-search and a nice little love triangle between his childhood friend , Tifa , and mysterious flower-girl Aeris . There is also a mix of other interesing characters -LRB- like stereotype Barret -RRB- , each with their own vendetta against the evil Shin ` ra corporation -LRB- although President Rufus Shin ` ra rocks ^_^ -RRB- The game itself has some pretty cool graphics and some awesome music -LRB- I own the full soundtrack , 4 discs long , and I ca n't get enough -RRB- . It 's difficult to a point , but certainly not impossible . Using materia magic and some devistating weapons , you should be able to finish this game -LRB- in it 's entirety -RRB- in about 60-80 hours -LRB- actually my game was longer so that I could do all the side stuff -RRB- . I ca n't express enough how much I love this game . The characters are just so loveable , you get easily attached . But beware , it does n't come up daisies all the time ... The story is great , it unfolds into clear ideas and information about each character over the course of the game . I gaurantee that if you buy this game you * will not * be disappointed . You 'll be hooked , you 'll never want to leave your Playstation ! And if you do n't have a PS console , go out and buy one just for the sole purpose of playing this incredible RPG .
 People who give this game one star are doing so for one of the following reasons :1 . Their first RPG was either FFX or Xenosaga , and they ca n't play anything without state of the art graphics and voiceovers and massive amounts of cinematics .2 . They are trying to be `` cool '' , and go against the crowd , as to not be `` trendy '' .3 . They are too stupid to understand the story .4 . They have n't ever actually played FFVII , or maybe only for the first hour of the game or so.One of the 5 star reviews I found most comical was this one : ----- Hands down this is the worst RPG I have EVER played . If only . . gave the option to give it no stars ... I have almost every RPG out there -LRB- 50 + -RRB- and this one is by far the worst . The storyline was dumb and uninspired , the characters were laughable -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- , and the main boss could be killed with one hit . I like RPG 's where I can connect with the characters and a fun story line . This had neither . The story line was really what turned me off of this game , trust me , it 's not that I did not understand the story line cuz I did , it 's just that the storyline was bad and predictible . Yes I said predictible . I saw every event comming . The characters could of been the saving grace but no ... they fell miles short as well . To top it all off ... I wo n't give away the ending but I will tell you it was the worst ending I have ever seen . My best friend that LOVES the game , for so odd reason , even hated the ending . ... ----- `` I have almost every RPG out there -LRB- 50 + -RRB- and this one is by far the worst '' - I think there are more than 50 + out there , and there is no way this , or any square game , ranks in even the bottom half . `` The storyline was dumb and uninspired '' - actually it has one of the most complex storylines ever in a game , I 'm not sure you were playing the same game , or did n't read any of the text and only watched the battle sequences . `` and the main boss could be killed with one hit '' - Actually if you have the most powerful spell in the game - Knights of the Round , it is 2 hits , but hardly anyone actually uses this spell , and if you do n't , the final boss is a good 20 minute long fight . `` I like RPG 's where I can connect with the characters and a fun story line '' - No comment ! `` The story line was really what turned me off of this game , trust me , it 's not that I did not understand the story line cuz I did , it 's just that the storyline was bad and predictible . Yes I said predictible . I saw every event comming . '' - Okay , so you 're telling me you knew that Cloud 's memories of being in Soldier were actually those of a person named Zack who was killed ? You knew that Jenova actually was n't an Ancient and that Sephiroth 's mother was actually a human named Lucrecia and that his father was Hojo ? You knew that Sephiroth -LRB- or Jenova controlling Sephiroth -RRB- was going to find a way to turn himself into a god and destroy the planet in the process ? You knew beforehand that Cait Sith was actually a Shinra spy named Reeve ? You predicted that Cloud was n't actually in Soldier , and that the only reason he has these memories is not because he was created , but because of what happened to him at Nibelheim ? Sorry , but there is no way you could have predicted all of these events . `` I wo n't give away the ending but I will tell you it was the worst ending I have ever seen '' - I 'm sorry , but the ending was quite brilliant . It showed what happened to the planet , and that was the main point of the game in the first place , not what happened to Cloud , Barret , and co.If you only play games for good graphics , then do n't buy this game . If you do n't like games that make you think and have a great storyline , do n't buy this game . Otherwise , this is easily a top 5 , maybe the best , RPG , of all time , and one that any true RPG fan has completed at least once .
 Released in 1997 , FFVII is considered one of the best RPG 's ever created . Here is my review on this masterpiece!Graphics
 I ca n't begin to describe how good this game is . The only thing I can really do is compare it to literature ; there are thousands upon thousands of books out there , but only a few , like Ender 's Game , One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , Lolita , and Slaughterhouse V , can really be called life changing . Final Fantasy VII is one of the only , if not the only , really life changing game you 'll ever play -LRB- besides MMO 's , but those change your life in a far more negative way -RRB- . I know I 'm flushing , but I feel it 's necessary to cut through all the complete bs people are starting to say about this game -- believe me , anyone who says this is not the best game ever made is just trying to get attention !! If you could n't buy this game for less than $ 300 , it would still be worth every penny .
 playability ... thats the thing . ive beat this so many times and i just love to play it even with my other games like FF 12 and soon to be 13 . still one of the greatest games ive played
 I fell in love with this game when I was 14 , had to stop playing it for a while because my memory cards were stolen -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- . Then a few years later , when I started playing again , the game stopped working , so I had to by a new one . I got all the way to the last level , but stopped playing because I had a baby . Then one day , in 2004 , I finally finished up the game . Ha , it took 7 years for me to finish it -LRB- the title is FF7 -RRB- , but I loved every last bit of it . No other game would 've ever kept my attention for so long . And it 's not just a RPG . It involves strategy and puzzle solving , and then there 's the chocobo races , you get to fly an airship , or drive a car , the motorcycle chase and you get to play games at the Gold Saucer & there 's that great part where you dress up like a girl -LRB- haha -RRB- . Well , the fight sequences can get a bit annoying -LRB- all but seeing the awesome limits , the magic attacks & summons -RRB- but , oh , this game is soooooo good . I 've started playing it again after I watched the clips in the special features of the recent movie . The Greatest Game on my list !!
 I love this game . The only downside is that I spent so long to beat it , -LRB- 50 hours to be exact -RRB- my grades went down a whole notch . This game has some really outdated graphics when they walk around and talk to eachother , but this does n't matter once you go out into the open world , go in a vehicle , or you are in an awesome battle . The CG movies are the best I ever seen until Final Fantasy 8 . The story is like a Japenese animie though . Some people like that more than anything , and others just hate it . I liked it even though I hate Japenese cartoons . The fun thing about the characters is that you can give them the stupidest names that you wish . I named one of my characters ` Ham Nose ' and I never got over laughing every time they said his name seriously . The battles are awesome because you get to have oversized weapons and spells . When you start , you think that the whole game is in the huge city . . `` Midgar '' but untrue , YOU GO ALL OVER THE WORLD . Unfortunately there are no real landmarks of our world , and they never mention the word ` Earth ' they just say ` the planet ' . This game will keep you playin forever , and you wont mind .
 There are alot of firsts that go along with this game . the is the first 3-D game for the final fantasy series . this the first FF that was put onto the computer . This game also single-handily set the bar for other games in all genres since it came out in 97 . this is probably the best game in all existence . you play the roll of Cloud Strife , an ex-soldier from the Shinra corporation , a corporation that is stealing the life force from the planet called the life stream . Cloud , with a group called Avalanche and some other people stop Shinra and a man named Sephiroth , who after finding out he was an experiment , goes crazy and decides to destroy the world . follow this game through love , love lost , tears , laughter , happiness , and anger as you and seven of the greatest friends in the world battle to save the world in the name of hope and a lost love who called upon it . This is a thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat through out the whole game and beyond . once you play this game , you will never go back to playing just anything .
 First off like most kid reviewers I am not actually a kid I am a senior in high school . This is a game that transcends video games.It 's the Beatles of music , the Harry Potter of books -LRB- I guess movies too -RRB- , and the Godfather or Lord of the Rings of movies . To understand this movie you need to understand how much it can affect you.I got this game as a kid back in 1998 , it blew me away . I have hundreds of old video game magazines stuffed into closets and cubbieholes around my house . I do n't ever look at them really , but I was looking for an old leather jacket and I found an old official playstation magazine with this on the cover from 97 ' and thinking about it , it was that game that made me buy a playstation . Thinking about it , it was almost a life changing experience playing this game.Granted I was only a kid when I got this but I played it to death . The incredible stoyrline invloving Shinra and Meteor could have been a movie -LRB- I always thought that should have been the plot for the Final Fantays movie , but seeing how that turned out I 'm glad it was n't -RRB- . The characters are funny , interesting , and most importantly relateable -LRB- if thats a word -RRB- . Everyone can invision themselves as at least one of the characters . The music is great , I mean truly great . Scores for video games get absolutely no respect , but seeing as how they are the only music I listened to for the first 13 years of my life I look at it differently . The gameplay completely revolutionized RPG 's to this day . Virtually every RPG short of Zelda-like games are influenced by this game . The menus , summons , limit breaks , things like this were all around at the time but never flowed so smoothly together . FFVIII and IX tried to expand on this , as they should have , but I 'm not sure it is any better in either of those games.Honestly I do n't play video games much anymore . I played them to death for about 10 years and it was too much . I bought Metal Gear Solid III -LRB- about the only game I would spend money on -RRB- and thought it was good , but have since sold it and just about every other video game console , game , controller , etc. . I own for money . The only games comparable -LRB- not implying equality -RRB- to this for me are Chrono Trigger -LRB- Which would be the gratest game ever if this game never came out , oh and you can tell the creators of FFVII borrowed from Chrono Trigger , they made it after all -RRB- and also I though Grand Theft Auto III was a great game -LRB- It was the first culturally relevant video game , and it was the perfect city size , I always felt lost in the sequels -RRB- , last I though all the Metal Gear Solids were great -LRB- I played 2 to death but have since realized that both III and the original were better , they both had great story lines and revloutionzed the gameplay for action games -RRB- . But overall this game is the only game I would spend time writing a review for . Simple put this transcends games . Buy it , now .
 -LRB- im not a kid by the way -RRB- The first game i ever played -LRB- yes the first game ! -RRB- was ffVIII . I was blown away , and ill never forget that experience . a couple years later i picked up ff7 thinking , man , but this game is old , it cant be as good as ff8 . sure enough , when i first saw those weird freaks which were supposed to be ` people ' on the screen , i almost threw the game away in disgust . however , i played on and somehow i grew to love those marshmellows ! One thing about this game , it may be quite easy but it is f _____ ing BIG ! some may find this boring , but strangely enough i found it riveting . You will be begging for more -LRB- i was genuinely sad when i defeated those shinra guys ! -RRB- . Add to this almost infinite sidequests , extra characters , items , special moves , materia and summons and you have one hel of a game ! i would like to point out by the way that when aeris dies she DIED . in battle people are K.O. which means that they are unfit for battle . pheonix downs do ot ressurecyt people ! Contrary to what people say sepiroth is a great bad guy-being mental makes him even better , -LRB- besides he looks really cool -RRB- Cait sith was really boring and pointless after disk1 , red was fairly cool , tifa hot actually quite annoying , but cloud really developed . Cid has without a doubt one of the best ever characters -LRB- SIT DOWN AND DRINK YER GODDAMN TEA !!!! -RRB- + i found his story really moving . The music was brilliant.Now onto the bad stuff . Obviously the graphics suck . But the one thing that really bugged me was the ... . wait ! Nothing else did bother me !!!! Overall this was a great game , but now im afraid it is past it . If your into games like halo and other cr_ap , then this is n't for you .
 This Game has the best storyline of any game ever , even those that i havent played . sure the graphics lack , but who cares it was made 5,6 years ago . And its just fun to play
 There really is very little to say except that this game is the greatest game of all time . I must have played through this game eight times since I bought it and have just started it AGAIN to make sure I have milked as much goodness from this title as I can.The plot follows a mercennary for hire and his group of friends on a quest to save the planet from a meteor that threatens to wipe out everything and give un-limited power to the bad guy of the game ... The story is winding and just as you think you know the direction it is taking , a dramatic event will take place and change the path all together . All classic RPG elements are implemented , turn based battle system , magic spells , interaction and the ability to summon raging beasts to your aid.Expect to encounter friends , love , loss , betrayle and tense battle sequences all the way . All this plus re-play value as I guarantee without a walkthrough you wont discover all this game has to offer on the first try.Buy this game today and say goodbye to friends and family for a while , as your about to become engrossed in a fictional world thats hard to leave .
 I realize how many people who love videogames and RPG 's have voiced their opinions about this game , but I think about it slightly differently . I do not play videogames too often anymore , and yet I look back on this game as less of a game and more of a truly , truly moving journey . Some would call me strange for actually getting attached to the charcters and plot , but it had only ever happened in this game . The battle system and graphics are unquestionably incredible by all standards . The music sweeps you in and stays in your head , in a positive way . But the storyline in this game is far too incredible for a videogame . It deserves , at least at some points , academy award nominations . The characters will make you laugh and feel saddness , at at the same time you will see yourself in all of their decisions . And the cinematic sequences complete what becomes such a complete portrait of a world , you will hardly stand it . Please , please , go buy this game .
 I will never get rid of my FF7 , I will hurt somebody who try 's to take my FF7 . Thank you for reading my review .
 Final Fantasy VII was actually rated the best game ever made , which explains the cost . Some find this very hard to believe , and which I do n't blame them . Either way , it 's still proven to be the greatest Final Fantasy made to this day . It features over 60 hours of gameplay , with an amazing storyline . You can play with 9 charaters in the game , with two -LRB- Yuffie and Vincent -RRB- being hidden . It also has one of the best soundtracks . Yet the new , `` original '' soundtrack partly ruined it . Yet that would be for another review.Many people complain that there has to be something bad about the game . Saldy there is , yet it 's self explanatory . The only real problem is the games graphics . For example , some parts of a charcters arm look like boxes . Yet we ca n't forget the age of this game . Also , the system it uses . PS1 does n't have the best graphics ever , and the PC was n't as develpoed as it is today . Other than that , I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you buy this game .
 People seem to forget the number one reason Final Fantasy 7 is loved so fondly and remembered all these years later - it was one of the first video games able to tell a story that MILLIONS of people cared about . In fact , it 's probably the first RPG to ever tell such an incredible story . It was also groundbreaking back in the day having extremely-realistic cutscenes featured , along with a quest that carried over 3 discs . That 's why the game is remembered.However , I have no idea why the price for the game jumped up to almost 70 bucks these days . I guess because everyone who owns the game refuses to give up their copy .
 Let me just break this game down step by step.Storyline : Very good and very easy to follow . I like how it separates between Shinra and Sephiroth before the first disk is even half way over . Very addicting and very fun to follow , and it still always gets me going without ever getting old.Graphics :10 years ago these graphics were considered `` best of all time '' .10 years later , we ask ourselves ` What the heck is this crap ? ` One thing that never gets old is the fact that these poorly drawn 3D characters are unequally proportioned . Huge hands , twig arms ? No mouths or noses , and yet they have huge hair ? In 2007 all I can think of is to thank whoever came up with REAL 3D graphics.Characters : Each has their own special personality that I love . Barrett being my favorite . His attitude and swearing habits are possibly the funniest thing in the game . I usually keep him in my party just for that reason . Cloud is stubborn , but not as funny . Tifa 's got that hair thing going -LRB- like I just mentioned -RRB- . Aeris is kind of boring and dies too early in the game to get to know her a lot more than you do . Red XII ... he 's a dog ? Cid , another character who ca n't control his mouth . Yuffie ... some ninja girl that really serves no more meaning than a side quest . Vincent , amazing character who can morph into creatures . And Cait Sith ... wait a minute , he 's a toy ? O.O ; ; ; Bosses : Each have their own difficulty which I like.Some require you to actually have trained or else face a brutal whipping . Final 3 bosses each have their own `` twang '' to them . Especially Sephiroth who is fun to go up against time and time again . I mean c'mon , who does n't like a cool character with a wing for an arm ? Music kind of gets to you though and his 5 minute Super Nova attack gets really frustrating when he does it about 10 times.I kind of wish there were more than 2 All-American Creature bosses thoughMagic : The whole materia thing is fun , except for the fact that it ruins your stats.Limit Breaks : Easy to use , hard to obtain.Playability : Very-HighI 've replayed this game time after time again without getting bored . I try new strategies and new characters each time and try to level up differently than I did before .
 Okay this FF steps it up a bit with the different storyline and the addition of materia and new characters this is truly one of the all stars of the gaming industry . Leading in graphics and storyline it was the best of its era.Some might even say that it is the best today . The storyline was so in-depth and individual to each character that they are still producing movies and more spin off games from the original game . This Game is a classic and if you are a RPG addict or collector or maybe a new gamer this game is great.Final Fantasy Guildmaster-Austin
 This was the second RPG I ever played , and it made me love them ! Nearly ten years after it 's debut , and I still play it today to relive all the memories I have with this game . For the time , the graphics were just stunning , no other rpg could compare , since they were all mostly 2D back then . But what stands out most to me , is the captivating storyline . It is so deep , and makes me not want to stop playing ! There are two hidden characters , and all the characters in this game awsome , you almost feel like you know them . So , for anyone who loves psone games , or rpg 's , you must own this game .
 This game is wonderful . I bought it about 3 years ago and being obsessed with RPG 's ever since I played ff5 I was in love with the series . Perhaps because I missed the crucial time era where FF7 was being advertised I also was lucky enough to not have anyone tell me anything about the game other than it the best.I started this game and I literally could not stop playing because I was so absorbed in the gameplay . Sure the graphics were crappy but if you play 2-D games for about 2-3 months you 'd appreciate the fact that it is in 3-D more.The music on this game is also awe inspiring , I mean as soon as I could download music -LRB- and sue me I did n't have a job at the time being only 14 -RRB- I downloaded as many as I could find . I adore one-winged angel and all the other tunes in the game.Also what greater story could anyone invent , I mena I am sure you might be able to think of one after years of pondering it but the story line is so intricate because you must pay attention to every detail to understand what is going on.Needless to say Sephiroth is a God.He is in my opinion the best villian of all time and if anyone ever creates a villian better than him I will be shocked.Overall the gameplay , music and the intensity of the game hooked me . I have beaten this game uncountable times and I still find things I missed before.And for the foolish people who wrote about the mini-games being too numerous and too time consuming , well if we did n't play the mini-games , if we did n't put time and effort into playing a game then it would n't be worth the energy to play it much less gripe about it.Personally , I love the chocobo racing , the motorcycle racing/bash fest , the snowboarding , the adorable moogle ... thing , and all the other mini-games because the storyline is very serious and there had to be comic relief or else it would be like ff8 with no fun and all drama.So yeah if you feel like playing one of the best RPG 's of all time , if you feel like figuring out why this was the best selling RPG ever , then buy it because it is worth it .
 The Music , the game play , the characters and the story line are all ... well just WHOA ! =-RRB- Alright , not only do I like the music because it puts my little brothers to sleep -LRB- the music is relaxing at times -RRB- , but I also enjoy it adds A LOT to this game . The game play is top notch and I love the characters they put in this game , -LRB- and for Final Fantasy lovers have you ever noticed that there is a Cid in every Final Fantasy game ? -RRB- also the story lines behind them ... is well enjoyable and it 's funny how everything connects and fits in place . Last the story line in phenominal . It 's nothing that can be explained , said , or told ... it needs to be experienced because just when you think you figure things out ... you realize that you have been mislead or the story is just a little twisted and you discover a lot about the story and a lot about the characters.This is the best RPG game I have EVER played and I mainly only play RPG games and I have beaten a total of 25 different RPG games so far . I , also , have been playing this game for 7 years and I still do n't get tired of it , heck I even memorized the WHOLE ENTIRE strategy guide ... and if you dont have one of those ... well I highly recommend it , but it 's also fun not knowing what you are doing , too -LRB- I did it the first time -RRB- . -LRB- If you keep on reading there is a spoiler . . so just skip these next 2 paragraphs . -RRB- Alright , many people have conflict with the fact that one of the main characters ... a flower girl named Aeris , who is actually in fact the last surviving ancient and the last hope to save the planet , well she dies . I have a major bone to pick with you little punks , it added a surprising and emotional twist because you get connected with these characters and lot of people just quit the game and I just want you people to get over yourselves . Ok , hear me out here ... to SAVE the PLANET she died ... do you think that is a good cause ? Just one thing just gets me , all through out the game you can revive people , so why not just revive her?One more thing , yes I would LOVE for this game to get re-made with better graphics , -LRB- with no change in the story line , but they could add more endings that you can reach or unlock also more side quests and mini-games -RRB- but by all means I do love the graphics for this game and you do kind or get connected to these graphics with there little cube like hands ... its kinda cute.Also , I would recommend this game to anyone ... right now I am playing with my 2 little brothers who are 6 and 7 -LRB- just cut out some words -RRB- .
 Final Fantasy VII is one of the greatest games I have ever played . I have already played it about three times , and am ready to start a fourth . When I read the other reviews on this site , I was shocked to say the very least . It seems as though some of them had n't even played the game . Sure , the graphics do make it look like Cloud and the gang have elephant feet , but besides that , they are good . The battle graphics are great , a huge leap over FF VI , and the in game movies are terrific . I only wish they were a bit longer.The story line is fluid and intricate . You follow Cloud Strife as he journey 's to try to find his true self , and follow the ever deepening love triangle between hiself , Tifa and Aerith . Cloud 's past is slowly revealed as the game progresses , along with the history of the evil corporation , Shinra , and the history of the planet itself.There are multitudes of side-quests to partake in as you journey through the game , each with it 's own reward . Sidequesting alone can take an easy 20 hours if you so wish , and , in my opinion , is worth it.Also , the main evil villian of the game , Sephiroth , has to be the greatest ever created . I have n't met a better villian in any game , Sephiroth could school them all . Sure , that last boss fight was a bit simple , but that still does n't subtract from the awesomeness of Sephiroth . The CG scene when he is at the burning village is a classic.So , in this game , you not only get to defeat the greates villian of all time , but an entire evil corporation!The battle system is terrific , it 's easy enough for a beginer , but has enough options for more advance tactics and your own style of battling . The Materia system let 's you customize characters like never before seen . You can literally make the party of your dreams ! Also , the front row/back row philosophy is given a whole new meaning now that some characters have guns , as the back row becomes a huge advantage . Upgrading weapons gives you many different decisions to make on how to battle.All in all , I believe that FF VII is one of the greatest games of all time , and I recomend that every gamer plays it at least once . Good characters and plot mixed with a great new battle system with arch-enemies like this World has never before seen make this a game which will stand the test of time .
 Final Fantasy 7 is the first Final Fantasy on the PSX and the first FF to not go through `` The Nintendo Filter -LRB- see FF II U.S. -RRB- '' . This game is an instant classic and if you have never played this game or even seen it , you are missing out . This game has it all . A good story , which I still debate certain things about with friends , excellent battles , fun characters , and all kinds of mini games -LRB- a.k.a. the Gold Saucer -RRB- . This also was the pioneering of FMV on games.The materia system in this game takes quite a long time to understand , but it will happen while you go through the game the first time . Thankfully there are plenty of tutorials in the game and the manual does a good job of explaining things.One thing I did n't like in this game is you can only have 3 party members in your battling party . This takes away from the strategy of battles . The only things that make your characters different is their limit breaks and what materia you have equipped to that character , and what weapon each uses . The translation is a little weird at times , but acceptable . After all , it was Sony that translated it I believe.But that last paragraph aside , why are you still waiting to play this game if you have n't already ? Buy it used , buy it new , borrow it from a friend , do something ! Rent it and play it for 50 straight non-sleep hours . You wo n't regret it no matter what you do .
 Final Fantasy VII is the Squaresoft 's masterpiece ! I could easily along and describe my own opinions concerning the game 's plot . However , I would rather point out the factors that allow this unique game to be superior to its later predecessors , such as Final Fantasy VIII & Final Fantasy IX.Final Fantasy VIII in my opinion is the weakest of the three , having a very weak plot . At the end it focused too much on it 's love story . -LRB- Too much Rinoa plot -RRB- I prefer the hero to be a `` monk '' till the very end . Final Fantasy games should focus on the Final Fantasy adventure . In FF7 , there 's a little romance , but it dos n't detach it 's players from the actual plot , which is in my opinion is the main theme of the game . I also found the overall junction system of the game to be more annoying to deal with then the other FF battle systems . It 's still a fair game , with great graphics and movie scenes!Final Fanntasy IX is a great game , second to FF7 . My only problem of the game is overall kinda silly . The characters are also silly looking . It takes place in a `` less serious '' fantasy world . I 've gotton kinda familar to the high-tech futuristic worlds of FF7 & FF8 . Even the older FF4 , -LRB- which is a fantasy type FF , my fourth favorite -RRB- is more serious then FF9 . Generally RPG 's usually have a realistic `` save the world '' type feel . I find it hard to `` seriously '' get into a game this game as much as FF7 . FF9 does however , contain movie scenes that match up to FF8 's ! It is also a extremly fun RPG , overall surpassing FF8!There 's no need to list postive opinions of Final Fantasy VII , since there 's already a ton of them from previous reviewers . I would would just like to add that Final Fantasy the most creative of all FF games in terms of plot . It is the perfect blend of sci-fi and fantasy within one RPG !
 This game is so cool . I love it . For anyone , this game is a must buy ! I think this game is good for any age , if they are mature enough -- -LRB- but there 's nothing TERRIBBLY BAD -RRB- . Adults should like this game too .
 Where do you start praising a game like this ? From the very beginning of the story you find yourself in an explosive adventure against the evil empire , Shinra . The solid story is backed up with music coreographed perfectly with the game 's action , forcing out those emotions that some gamers may prefer to hide in the face of a game . The graphics , although already considered outdated are plenty to hurl your mind into this new world . A variety of locales keeps the game fresh and the player interested . The only drawbacks are interesting but often-times long and control-less `` talk-scenes '' that detract from the feeling you are in Cloud 's world . The beginning journey through Midgar , home of the evil empire , is well done and will captivate you the first time through , but it 's so long and linear -LRB- 2 hours of gameplay running through as fast as I could -RRB- that it alone could hinder replay value . However , at the bargain price you can pick FF7 up at now , these are * well * worth all the benefits FF7 has to offer .
 This game graphic is not as good as FF8 but the story of thisgame is very good.I finished this game more than 3 times , because it ` stoo good.The music of this game is perfect.If you did n't play rpg -LSB- role-playing games -RSB- b4 or did n't like to play rpg , buy this game.You 'll never regret .
 Listen , final fantasy games are about the powers of magic , this FF IS mostly about magic , in FFVIII i do n't see any connection with magic powers . This is a great game , i played 2 times cuz you might need play 2 times to understand more the story and get more secrets or materia -LRB- magic -RRB- I thought FFVIII wasnt REALLy that cool , i tihnk you should buy this over FFVIII
 It 's strange , really . Final Fantasy 7 has drawbacks . A ton of them . The graphics look blocky -LRB- Cloud has bricks for hands -RRB- , the translation is horrible , and at times it 's so bad you ca n't understand what the characters are saying , and the plot leaves a lot open at the end.Yet , I must say , I think this is one of the greatest games ever made . Why ? The characters , they 're just easy to get along with . The plot is good , and has plenty of twists , as it should , along with other interesting developments . There 's humor , there 's love , and there 's tragedy . Another new feature is that during story scenes , the characters you chose to bring with you will say what they would say ; instead of other games where you choose your own party in which only the leader talks.The battles are spectacular , and the spells are neat to watch . The materia system allows for a huge amount of customization in the characters , and also gets fun when it comes to combining materia , such as having a character who can counter attack with Comet , or who makes more MP by casting Ultima than he loses.The built-in minigames , such as snow boarding , Chocobo racing , and the motorcycle battle are a lot of fun on their own , and , after you participate in each event in the game , you can later go to the Gold Saucer and play them , only with new courses.All in all , it 's a ton of fun . You 'll be playing through it at least twice , if just to watch for some things early in the game , and to use the characters differently . For example , there 's a dating scene , and depending on the choices you 've made up to that point in the game -LRB- such as choosing to insult a girl rather than compliment her -RRB- , you may go with a different person . It 's also fun to try to find all of the little secret materia and other bonuses hidden along the way .
 The graphics are mint . The players awesome . The magic is wonderful . However , I find that active time battle takes the fun out of a true RPG . Waiting for my turn to smash someone or something is the best part of the game . The battles move very fast in Final Fantasy 7 so decide If you like that in a game before you pick it up . Rumor has it that Final Fantasy 9 is going back to turn based . I guess we 'll find out in September when it 's released in the U.S.
 I think that FF7 is pretty much the best addition to the Final Fantasy Series . The new materia systemis intriguing and rather easy to learn . Linking different materia combinations is one of the best ideas that i have come across from Square , and it is fun to experiment with different combinations . I 'll tell you one right now
 So maybe FF8 has better graphics ... so what ? The storyline and gameplay if much better . I think the charachters had well more charachter . The histories were beautifully woven and interesting . The movie sequences and side games were alot of fun . Sephiroth the bad guy had real style and was n't stupid like most bad guys . I got caught up in the whole plot for a month and it became like my life . It did get alot of hype but it deserved it . Although it may not be the best game in the world , now or ever , it will always be in my opinion be the best and my favorite . I 'll be like one of those old Atari die hards or something . LOL . The plot touched me and many others around the world who gave their time to actually sit and play it and to those people you have a many kindred spirits out there who share your opinion ... play this game if you do n't mind sparing the time or energy ... the graphis are abit old now but the story and gameplay is still challenging and fun !
 you ca n't get any better than ff7 . the story kicks , the graphics are cool , and sephiroth ! he is the coolest enemy . if you play rpg 's , this is a must have .
 This game is great . I especially like the ending . This is the best RPG I can think of . It surpasses all other games in it 's great plot and playibility . If you buy this game you 'll be playing it 24-7 . It 's that good . Believe me -LRB- I 've beat the game -RRB- it 's worth every penny .
 Final Fantasy VII was the first video game to actually surprise the hell out of me . I 've played all American-released Final Fantasies , and VII is hands down the best . Here 's why : STORY . The plot of VII is complex and compelling . I cared for the characters more than I realized , and when Sephiroth kills one of them , I was both surprised and actually angry . It 's the first time I can remember a major character being completely eliminated with no happy rescue at the end of the game . The psychological and psuedo-scientific elements of the plot are interesting enough that one is left wondering what will happen next . Barrett is a particularly notable character in that he 's < gasp ! > black , and is one of the better-developed characters.PLAYABILITY . FF7 is easy to play , but you can make it challenging if you want . Although the final enemies are fairly easy to defeat , the existence of the Godzilla-like ` Weapons ' gives you an additional challenge , but they are n't necessary for completion of the game . Sub-quests like these are scattered all throughout the game , along with two optional characters . And , the ` extra ' characters actually fit neatly into the storyline . One of them , Vincent , is probably more popular than most of the main characters.CUSTOMIZATION . The Materia system lets any character use just about any spell , allowing you to either lump all the spells onto one character or spread them out amongst the party.FULL MOTION VIDEO . From the opening sequence to the end movie , the video clips are imaginative , smooth , and inspiring . I ca n't imagine the game without them , and I 'll never forget the sequence where the Junon Gun blasts one of the Weapons right in the face.MUSIC . As usual , excellent.Although it appears Square has made the dangerous decision of taking FFXI to the Internet -LRB- sort of -RRB- , if they could ever make a game with a storyline this strong and utilize the technology of the PS2 or another advanced console system , it would blast everything else to pieces.This game is the most important PSone game -LRB- as far as games can be important , anyhow ... -RRB- there is . Play it .
 Final Fantasy VII is easily one of my favorite games of all time . No game before it and no game since then has managed to pull me so deeply into the story and have me hanging on every word like this one did . The characters , the music , the graphics , the story ... it 's all golden.The characters are simply unforgettable . Cloud , Aeris , and Yuffie were my favorites of the bunch . Each character has such wonderful design , half realistic half cartoonish , full detailed backgrounds , and such personality and potential to develop that I enjoyed following everyone one of them.The music and graphics sticks in my mind like nothing else . They worked so well together . From simple cut scenes to the most glorious of FMV . And unlike today 's games that throw long boring FMV in just for the sake of filling 2 DVDs , this game used FMV to make a point so poetically you could n't help but feel like you just watched an epic film.I wish I could sit here and just ramble on and on about the beautiful story and the twists , turns , and major events , but obviously that would ruin it for any who still have n't played this masterpiece of a game . I see many , many people today who have never played a game like this and are simply enthralled by today 's crop of PS2 RPG wanna-be 's and it really irks me . They simply do n't know what they 've missed and 9 times of 10 simply do n't care.It may not have the 200 hours of today 's games , but unlike today 's games it 's not freaking simulated boredom . It 's 30 hours of FUN and story like you 've never seen before . This game changed my perspective of how videogames could be , and is guaranteed a lifetime place in my favorite collection . - Rirath_com
 For me this was my first Final Fantasy experience and I am proud to say this is not only one of my favorite Final Fantasy 's its also one of my most favorite rpg 's . I do n't give VII 5 stars because its the first final fantasy game I played , I give it 5 stars because it truly is an amazing roller coaster of excitement , emotion and even add humor into the mix as well as not being just kid friendly . Not only that but it has the one of the most memorable vilians if not the most memorable one , Sephiroth.Storyline
 I bought this game eons ago when it was a greatest hit at my local store , took it home , and when I start playing it with my daughter , we were missing for days !!!!!! We would rarely come downstairs , because the game was so engaging , and you could easily get caught up into the storyline . Though the graphics are somewhat primitive compared to the newer versions of Final Fantasy , I would still recommend this game whole-heartedly . I still hope that Square Enix is still talking about doing a PS3 version of this , that would really make my day !!!!
 Final Fantasy 7 ... . If you have n't got a copy then either you do n't have the playstation or you are plain nuts ! The most impressive game to date although now overshadowed by FF8 this game has the greatest plot ever ... The mystrious past of you Cloud Strife in a dark world chasing his memory of enemy Sephiroth who wants to ... -LRB- SNIP -RRB- I 'll leave that to you ... The graphics are amazing though a bit cartoony , and the battle system is easy to use , casting summon monstaers or slashing an opponent with your huge sword or maybe casting a magic spell , this game just shows how far the playstation can go and it 's crammed into 3 massive discs ... FF7 drops you straight into battle and the first thing you notice is the brilliant graphics , and this gets better during the FMV cut scenes and is even more shocking due to the Summon monsters who appear , once you see the graphics you think oh it must have a rubbish storyline and plot and a boring game with impossible to solve puzzles , but this is not true , Square known for their enthralling plots , have made one of the most shocking emotional plots inthe world , with you trying to find the truth of the past and about who the real enemy is , while numberous of sub games are given to you to keep you hooked , you can head to the Gold Sourcer and play on the arcade or go on a rollercoater ride , or snowboard at the icle inn or even breed chocobos . And the game just never lets you down in the emotion department , which thrills you with what should I do , traitors and love and hatred , also spying and confusion , this game is an atomic bomb covered in a shape of 3 discs , FF7 a must for all gamers ...
 I 'm old enough to remember when RPGs were n't called RPGs . In those days the essence of the game was to move the players about a game board , fighting battles , collecting treasure , and finding clues . Origin 's Ultima series was the grandparent of these games - immensely entertaining , but essentially two-dimensional . Among its heirs were the first games in the Final Fantasy line.This was also a time when computer capabilities and capacity seemed to double every few months . Final Fantasy VII is the result of an inevitable synergy between technology and imagination . Players found themselves in a three-dimensional world where they could wander at will . They were playing with characters that were not only more animated and lifelike , but also had something that resembled personalities . In a very real sense , FFVII changed the gaming landscape , and RPGs reached a new level of credibility.What is inside is the story of Cloud Strife ; an ex-soldier turned mercenary who is drawn into the struggle between Avalanche , a revolutionary group , and Shinra , a rapacious company that is rapidly draining the resources of the planet . Starting out in the city Midgar the battle moves back and forth across the planet , as Cloud gathers team members , accessories and power . Everyone has a history , often mysterious , and an important role to play.Eventually it becomes clear that the real enemy is a laboratory experiment gone horribly wrong . Shinra 's effort to produce supermen has created Sephiroth , who has become one of the legendary villains of the gaming world . Physically beautiful , his mind has been ruined by his knowledge of what he is , and his goal has become the destruction of the world.The plot is remarkably rich . Within the main story arc are many smaller stories that build the players understanding of the nature of each of the characters . There seem to be an unending number of weapons , powers , and monsters . More than enough material for many replays . The graphics are a bit primitive for our time , but were startling when this game first came out . As your imagination adapts to the imagery , the game becomes truly engaging on many levels . Final Fantasy VII is still one of the best of its genre , Whether you are a student of gaming or an aficionado , it belongs on your shelf .
 I doubt that there will ever be an equal to this epic game , Final Fantasy VII . It 's the reason I became the gamer I am today!Final Fantasy VII puts you in the shoes of a young man by the name of Cloud Strife . Starting off , you 're simply a mercenary hired by a resistance force called Avalanche , whom are fighting against the earth-dominating orginization , Shinra . Progressing through the story , however , you find it goes much deeper than that . Throughout his adventure , Cloud strives to find the link between him and his arch enemy -LRB- but once friend -RRB- Sephiroth , what Shinra is planning for the world , and struggles to find where his emotions lie in a deep love triangle between his long-time friend Tifa , and the kind-hearted flower girl , Aeris . Of course , along the game there are many other characters and sub-missions that lead to different stories , but either way this game promises to leave a lasting impression.The gameplay , much like the story , is simply amazing ! As you progress through the game , you will find new Accesories -LRB- items such as rings , ear rings , ribbons , etc. -RRB- , Armor , and Weapons . Depending on each items power , your overall strength for attacks , defense against attacks , magic effectiveness , and magic defense will increase ; however , the true depth comes in the junction system . Each item you equip to yourself will give you junction blocks . These blocks are used to equip magic that you buy or find along your journey . Magic comes in many forms : Some increase stats , some heal , some are attacks , some are devastating monsters -LRB- called ` Summons ' -RRB- that unleash devastating attacks on all enemies , and some help you attain more items -LRB- such as the ability to ` Steal ' -RRB- . Junctioning magic can also lower stats , bringing more strategy into the game . Junction too much magic , and your character 's overall hp -LRB- or ` health points ' , which decrease with each hit -RRB- will be minimized in the next battle . Junction to little , and your character will be to weak to inflict any useful damage on the enemy.My final great aspect in this epic edition of this great series , is the music . The music in the game effects your overall emotions as you play , making the game look and feel even more amazing . I guarantee that after playing this game , you 'll find yourself humming at least two of its tracks!So in conclusion , this game is FLAWLESS ! If you want something that will satisfy your gaming pleasure for many a day , this is it . Final Fantasy VII is quite possibly the best game ever made , and in my opinion is still unrivaled .
 It 's been called everything from the greatest game of all time to the undeniable peak of an already legendary series . It 's a big part of the reason Sony overtook Nintendo and ultimately won the 64-bit chapter of the console wars . And , truth be told , it 's single handedly responsible for reviving a passion for video games that had lain dormant within me for years . So , cutting to the chase , is it worth the hype , does it really measure up to those previously mentioned , simplistic , cherished classics of the 8-bit era , can it really be as good as it 's been portrayed ? Well , yes and no . Final Fantasy VII is not the best game I 've ever played , period . What it is ... well , it 's easily in the top five.The story basically throws players into the fast lane right off the bat . The opening video montage leads directly into a late-night raid on the planet 's largest governing body , the Shinra , a raid in which the player is actively a part . As events unfold , the point becomes clear ; you 're a mercenary , aiding a terrorist organization in their efforts to destroy a significant portion of the city to make a point that the Shinra can not ignore . Five minutes into the game and already it 's covered more mature material than the previous six combined . Make no mistake , Final Fantasy VII is not a game you 'll want to hand your six year old to help him pass some time in front of the TV . Not only does it cover some rough psychological terrain -LRB- mortality , semitism , terrorism and political espionage are discussed , in depth , and confronted ... just to name a few -RRB- but the characters and dialog themselves are n't nearly as squeaky clean as they were in previous installments.With that said , the in-game visuals of FF7 are very much lacking , especially in comparison to later titles . This was obviously a very early release for the rugged PSone . Edges were extremely jaggedy , especially so when not in a battle , live renderings of the characters left a lot to be desired and even the cutscenes themselves were compressed poorly , leaving huge artifacts all over the glorious video renderings . In sharp contrast , though , the animation and design of the hundreds of different enemies , players , items and boss characters is amazing , and the variety of static , immovable backgrounds are superbly concepted , executed and presented.To a much lesser degree than the visuals , the musical score is undermined by the medium in which it 's been presented . This is a soundtrack that would have shaken the earth if it were performed by a master orchestra . Unfortunately , the difference between a symphonic performance of these classic songs and the spotty , digitized portrayal that shipped with FF7 is as large as the difference between the sketches of the characters themselves and their eventual presentation on-screen . Sure , you 'll recognize them without a second glance ... but they 've been crammed into a format that really ca n't do them any justice.As has been the case with each new chapter in the Final Fantasy legacy , one new tweak has been thrown into the mix , in this case going under the name `` materia . '' As the game progresses , you 'll find these colorful blocks of concentrated energy -LRB- be it on the body of a defeated enemy , alone in a cave somewhere or for sale in a shop -RRB- that grant the holder magical abilities . They 're the only way to upgrade your characters ' abilities , and are completely interchangeable between the members of your party . By equipping a block of materia and then defeating enemies , the magic `` levels up '' and gains new abilities while simultaneously strengthening its previous benefits . Each weapon and bit of armor you find throughout the game has a slot for the employment of materia , which effectively limits the number of them you can use at any one time . You 'll eventually need to make some tough choices over which materia to develop and which to ignore.A lot of players have voiced a strong dislike for the materia system , claiming it kills the variety of your characters . The common consensus says that by giving the player the ability to assign any skill or spell to any character , Square has basically given you a bunch of clones with which to do battle . I 'd have to disagree . If you really want to nitpick and pay attention to the specifics of each character 's stats like that , you 'll notice that each character has a different affinity to the various materia commands in the world . Sure , you can give anybody in your party the ability to cast `` fire , '' but it 's going to cause more damage if you give it to someone with an inherently high magic ability . Square 's kept the variety in this cast , they 've simply given you the ability to ignore each character 's strengths and sculpt an army on your own accord.The theory behind Final Fantasy VII is outstanding , yet simple
 After playing all the US released predecessors to this title , I saw the commercials and got actually mixed feelings , feeling it would be hard core , but not as epic . Boy , was I WRONG!The gameplay matches that of Final Fantasy VI -LRB- FFIII in the US -RRB- , but the controller for the playstation adds a new stability element to control . The battle system is very simple any -LSB- person -RSB- can win random battles with the clean interface . Also , the Materia System -LRB- magic system -RRB- is very user freindly and gives the character 's powers that you can almost feel you now posess yourself.To add to this interactive realism is the greatest graphics before Resident Evil 2 . The pre-rendered backgrounds are more artistic than most entire games are , the battles are cool with cool monsters and amazing spell effects , and the Cinematics , ... , well , just WOW!To continue this interacive movie/addition to life itself is yet another great soundtrack composed by gamemusic god Nobuo Uematsu -LRB- bigger than any other composer name -RRB- . The music arranges from mysical to energetic , from simple to epic , and from peaceful to apacalyptic . `` Aeris '' , `` Cid '' , `` The World '' , `` Jenova '' and `` The One Winged Angel '' -LRB- the last battle theme -RRB- are the best tracks in the game , and some of the finest tracks ever devised.To complete this circle , Squaresoft gave this game a storyline of true epic preportions . While I did tear several times in earlier Final Fantasy titles , I never really CRIED , but when the big plot twist at the end of CD 1 occurs , I still ball my eyes out . Never before has emotion and narrative been combined so well into one epic . When done with the game -LRB- and watching the stunning ending that 's beyond description -RRB- , I felt like I just finished a novel , one in which was beyond the puny use of words could elaborate . I was in awe , and I think anyone who pays attention to this game would be too .
 RPG fans know that the Final Fantasy series is the best and most successful rpg series of all time , and Final Fantasy VII is arguably the best of the Final Fantasy 's . I ca n't explain it , but when you play FF7 , you become part of its world . You just ca n't stop playing ! -LRB- Homework ? What Homework ? -RRB- ... First , the gameplay . FF7 takes you to peaceful and exotic towns and cities , mysterious caves and forests , a corporate tower , an eastern palace and pagoda , urban slums , an ancient temple , a rustic farm , even a motorcycle chase and an addicting casino . The game provides countless hours of new challenges -LRB- rare materia , chocobo breeding -RRB- and pointless fun -LRB- snowboarding , gambling -RRB- in addition to the main quest . The amount of detail is gorgeous too , especially in the towns . The detailed buildings and room interiors are some of the best video game backgrounds I 've seen . They retain the overhead view of old FF 's , unlike most of FF8 , but they are so life-like . Of course , the characters are memorable , and the plot is intruiguing . There are so many great moments in the game , and the awesome movie sequences which show off heavy-duty computer animation are icing on the cake.Second , the music . I have always loved the music of the Final Fantasy series -LRB- Nubuo Uematsu is a genius -RRB- . The FF7 sountrack has plenty of incredible songs and a lot of mood-creating or atmospheric tunes . This is different than the FF6 soundtrack which had awesome catchy song after awesome catchy song . However , the FF7 soundtrack contains Uematsu 's best work . The Overworld Theme -LRB- aka the Main Theme -RRB- , One-Winged Angel , Interrupted by Fireworks , and Aeris ' Theme -LRB- and Flowers Blooming in the Church too -RRB- are masterpieces . If you ever get to hear the orchestral version of the FFVII Main Theme , you 'll see why it is probably my favorite FF song . And some unlikely favorites of mine are the Cosmo Canyon theme , Anxious Heart , the music in Bugenhagan 's observatory , and especially the Chocobo Farm music . Nubuo Uematsu is a great composer , and I can see why he is now composing a movie score -LRB- a Japanese Anime -RRB- . Music buffs will undoubtedly appreciate this game.The only weak points of FF7 are the fact that the game , plot , and music do n't get their best until 4 to 10 hours into the game , so some impatient players may miss out on the parts that make the game so good . Also , the plot gets vague and confusing at times , but hey , at least it makes you think.Basically , this is my favorite rpg . I 'll admit it 's not for everyone , but any rpg fan who actually has n't played FF7 will definitely enjoy it .
 Of the much storied Final Fantasy series , this is my favorite -LRB- except maybe for Tactics , ... -RRB- . Final Fantasy 7 is simply a must own game . In fact , I bought this game before I even bought a Playstation . First off , the battle system is solid . There are not too many random battles , but instead the perfect amount . The materia system , which lets you place magic orbs in your weapons for different effects is extremely deep and allows for great strategy . Should my weapon poison after every hit , or do a double strike ? This sysetm is easy enough for newer players , and simultaneously intricate for the veteran RPG players . Also , there a lot of characters to choose from , including 2 secret characters . But do n't think Square went for quantity over quality , the characters are extremely well designed and cool looking . On top of that , the story is excellent . Each character has an interesting background , and the main character 's story is amazing . Add to all these things fun minigames , an in-game casino , the ability to breed and race chocobos , side-quests , optional super bosses , and incredible cinematics . This game has a lot to offer , and now it 's very affordable . Go buy it !
 The annals of Video Game history will provide no game more deserving of acclaim than FFVII . To fully explore this statement , let us reminisce ... Foremost in the legacy of Squaresoft is the Final Fantasy franchise , arguably the greatest in all of gaming . It 's popularity in Japan is of epic proportions , and here in the U.S. , the series has always enjoyed the attentions of a fervent -LRB- if not always the most numerous -RRB- group of fans.By its impact on the current state of the Final Fantasy franchise , an equally grand assessment is due the seventh installment of the series . Final Fantasy VII was truly a labor of love ; somewhat of a departure for a company that had never lacked in talent , but was but was making a newly concerted to enhance the atmospheric and immersive quality of its games . This effort , which combined the epic storylines and characters of FF past with the cinematic capabilities of new hardware , gave birth to the guiding principles of subsequent FF titles ; indeed , this paradigm was the subject of emulation in all RPG development.It should be apparent by now that this review takes a more reflective approach , as would be expected after 3 years since the title 's release in 1997 . This perspective , following the release of its successors , allows one to make a proper evaluation of FFVII 's relative merits . I feel that this is all the more necessary given that , as compared to its younger brethren , FFVII is the superior title.While all three of the PS FF installments feature tremendous graphics and presentation , FFVII is the most skillful of all in evoking the wonder of the player through its fantastic and diverse worlds . The many locations of the game are truly beautiful and complex , ranging from exotic architecture and ancient customs of Wutai , the permeating spirituality and found in Cosmo Canyon , the glowing neon of Midgar 's industrial wasteland ... The fantasy element is preserved -LRB- something that was sorely missing from FF8 in light of realistic overtones -RRB- , simultaneously conveying the gripping emotional realties and situations of FF7 's diverse cast . While FF8 's cast features a remarkably average set of shallow teenagers , FF7 's characters , and their fantastically rendered worlds , bring them to vivid life
 I have n't played this game in a longtime . 8 years to be specific.I really wantto play this game again . So would it workon the Playstation 2 ? somebody help me .
 I literally wasted an entire summer playing FF 7 . It 's that good , people ! The storyline is a big plus , Final Fantasy games always have good storylines but even for them it 's exceptional . It starts off as a simple good v. evil thing , but quickly explodes into a complex tale featuring some of video games ' most memorable characters
 This has been my all time favorite game since it came out in 1997 . i was addicted to the plot , gameplay , characters , dramma , comedy , attacks , Chocobos , magic , the world , weapons , etc. . . ! lets explain some of the features.Characters
 Honestly , when I randomly decided to look up old videogames for fun and happened to check out the reviews for FF7 , I was confused as to why anybody who played it would give it anything but 5 stars.After reading some of reviews , it dawned on me that compared to todays games , FF7 may be slightly lacking . This game was ahead of its time by years and lacking it may be , but only slightly compared to todays games IMO.For the people who did n't like the game i 'm assuming that they played FF7 after FF8 or 9 or 10 . That would possibly give you higher standards of gameplay/graphics to compare FF7 with even though FF7 came out years before.To those of us who played the game at the time it was first released , I think it would fill us with a sense of nostalgia remembering the good old days of grinding in the game to level up all the characters and obtaining all the limit breaks and whatnot.It was a perfect game for its time and perhaps years after its time . If you did n't play it then and now you play it and find it less than expected , its because you are comparing it to current day games , and in my opinion , FF7 is a game that ca n't be compared to anything . Its a game in a class of its own , and i 'm sure that everybody who played it years ago would agree.If I had to imagine myself playing it today with no prior knowledge of the game , I would probably think it to be a subpar game -LRB- obviously -RRB- , but the opinions of those of us who played it 9 years ago would be different because we grew up with it.So yes , to anybody playing it for the first time nowadays , expect a B - / C + experience , but for all of us old school RPG ` ers , FF7 will always have a special place in our hearts .
 This is a fantastic game . I wo n't sing it 's praises ... . so many positive reviews have saved me the trouble.I 'm here to give all potential customers a heads up that they no longer need to buy this game at ridiculously high prices from Amazon.com sellers , who have highjacked the prices to ludicrous and downright selfish levels.Since this last Tuesday , a full version of Final Fantasy VII is available to download from the Playstation Network Store via PS3 , PSP , or PC . Final Fantasy VIII and IX should soon be available as well.I 'm just posting this to let customers know of an alternative to getting this game without getting ripped off . Hopefully , the arrival of this on the PSN will now drive down the prices a bit for those who still desire a physical copy of the game.Go out and get this game . You wo n't regret it !
 This is , in my opinion , the best game of all time . It 's the game that got me into RPGs several years ago . I found that it still worked -LRB- a little -RRB- and started playing it , like 7 years after it 's release . It was still so much fun , even by todays standards.I hear people complain about it being overrated . Overrated and popular are 2 different things . Final Fantasy VII deserves all the credit it gets from it 's fans , and is one of the best games of all time . Final Fantasy VII has such a great storyline , memorable characters , EXCELLENT music -LRB- even by Final Fantasy standards -RRB- , a fun battle system , etc.The game is NOT linear . Anyone who thinks it is must 've not even played up to the part where you reach Golden Saucer , AT LEAST . I 've heard of people who have beaten the game over 20 times and still play it because it 's just so good , and is truly one of the greatest games of all time .
 I had heard about the FF series but never paid too much attention to it mainly because I did n't have a PS , fast foward to a couple of years and I was trying to get some games for my PS2 library I fell upon FFX let me just say I was blown away and I think the FF bug bit me hard , I bought X-2 and told everyone I got it for my sis . Then talking with other FF Fantics they told me about VII . I have n't finished it yet that is why I gave it a 4 star review but it is awesome so far . Love the scene where Cloud has the Motorcycle . Despite the age of this game it really does stand the test of time and personally I agree with belledandy about doing a remake I 'd probably be the first person to buy it too . For people considering buying this game , believe me when I say it is ` worth every penny you spend on it ' If you are a fan of RPGs or of games on the whole , it 's great , I really do n't care if people call it the best game ever or not all I know is that since I have started playing it I ca n't put it down and my family and friends do feel neglected .
 This was by far my favorite RPG game ! all the other final fantasies and others are good but this one just blew me away ! the graphics may not be the best but the touching and unforgettable storyline makes up for that . the characters are soo cool and if someone tried to improve this game it would beVERY hard because it 's already perfect . I 'd definetly recomend this game . . i 've played tons of video games and this is still my fav . even though it 's older !!
 There is little to be said about Final Fantasy VII that has n't been said before . Many people believe it to be the best Final Fantasy game ever , and some think it to be the best game ever , period . I , however , do not subscribe to this belief . It was good , and any fan of the Final Fantasy series should play it . It is just not worth the hype surrounding it . The game , for the most part , is a single button game . You can press one button and make it though most fights easily . The final boss can be beaten this way if you are at as low of a level as 60 . Without spoiling the story , I will say that only four characters are somewhat developed . Cloud , Tifa , Sephiroth , and Barret are the only ones that are developed . Barret 's use of foul language became boring after a while . It was like the translator did n't understand the Japanese character he saw and just added an obscenity to cover his mistakes up . It might just be me , but I do n't find profanity funny . If anything , it detracted from the game . Barret 's sentences do n't make grammatical sense , and you find yourself skipping over the profanity to just be able to read the sentence . I wish I was overstating this , but anytime the same obscenity is used more than three times in a sentence , you either are trying to cater to thirteen year olds , or you need better writing . But I digress ... The story itself was good , but it was too short . The plot was very dark , and I enjoyed what there was of it . The graphics were great for their time , but would look better if the game were re-made -LRB- if only Square-Enix would concede to all our requests for remakes of both Final Fantasy VII and Final Fantasy VIII -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this game , but be cautioned about the language .
 This is probably the best RPG that ever has and ever will be released . I 've had it since it 's release in 1997 and beat it several times and I plan to again . It just does n't get old . The graphics are still great , but a little outdated of course because technology is getting better . But it still looks pretty . The battle system is the best of any of the Final Fantasy games , even the newer ones . In fact , I think that the battle system of FF7 is the best of any RPG . The music composition is great as well , even if it is just one guy on a synthesizer . It 's great . Let 's see ; the gameplay is perfect , the music is perfect , the battle system is perfect , the character 's are loveable , and the best part is ... the story . This game is truly a classic and I recommend it to collectors and gamers alike .
 Final Fantasy 7 is the best final fantasy game its fun and addicting great story awsome fun overall great !
 The graphics are great , sound Track is excellent . A good plot . everything good except a little things . One
 this is the best rpg i ever played the storyline was over the line please this beats all the other ff series which had extreme bad storyline and gameplay.FF7 HAS THE BEST GAMEPLAY TOO ONLY PROBLEM IS THEY WERE REALLY SHORT THE CHARACTERS BUT THEY DESIGHED THE CHARACTERS TOO WELL ONLY MADE THEM SMALL I GIVE IT 99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999STARS IF I COULD
 This game offers awesome gameplay and battles and is extremely long . I would have given it 5 stars is they did n't use bad languaage frequently or make suggestive comments . Its overall a good game , but SQUARESOFT , IF YOU 'RE LISTENING , I WOULD BUY MOST OF YOUR GAMES IF IT WERE N'T FOR THE LANGUAGE AND SUGGESTIVE COMMENTS .
 While being an excellent RPG , it is not up to the caliber of the originals , especially III -LRB- US -RRB- / VI . There is definaltely lots of eye candy with the excellent graphics and awesome FMV . Where this game really lacks is in its replay value . Its a onetimer . I do n't think I could bear to go though the whole thing again . There were too many things that were too tedious in the game , namely the materia and chocobo development -LRB- which they drastically improve with IX -RRB- . Developing materia is an endless task that requires ungodly hours of play and the payoff , ie . master materia , just is n't worth it . As for the Chocobo development while interesting at first it proved to be highly redundant as the game consistantly had a habit of birthing the wrong chocos and the races became more of a chore than a fun little sidequest . Overall though a good game not to terribly difficult if your not interested in finding all the secrets , but only really worth playing once .
 This Is Simply The Best RPG Game There Is . The Story , The Gameplay Everything . I Just Love This Game . I Heard That There Will Be Another Final Fantasy 7 Coming Out On Playstation 2 And I Cant Wait
 first time i bought playstation i was 10 years old and the first game i had was final fantasy 7 . . but then i didnt have a memory card so i played without going to skool for 1 week -LRB- till i got a memory card -RRB- and i 've been playing ff7 ever since , am 21 now.you shoould also watch the final fantasy advent children after you play ff7.best game ever ff7
 best characters and storyline iv ever played ... plot twists . . great character development . . this game does everything right . . Cloud : the main character is a bad ass , manley man . . despite the fatc it probaly takes him 3 hours in the morning to do his hair . . but hes cool none the less . . barret
 You read that title right . I compared Final Fantasy VII to Metallica 's `` Black Album . '' Why ? Because FF7 is the game that got the mainstream into the Final Fantasy series much like how the Black album got the mainstream into Metallica . However , as did the Black Album , a lot of old school fans jeered Final Fantasy VII for its change in atmosphere and style . Gone are the medieval settings of previous Final Fantasies in favor of a more futuristic setting . The storyline was also quite a bit less complicated than previous Final Fantasies -LRB- much like how Black was less complicated than previous Met albums -RRB- , making the game a bit more accesable to the gaming public which does n't want to be left constantly wondering `` what 's this all about ? '' Well , nonetheless , Final Fantasy VII is an excellent game , much like how the Black Album was an excellent album , regardless of the change . The story , while not as good as that of previous Final Fantasies , is very well written -LRB- dealing with such real life issues as love , vengeance , and a haunted past -RRB- , while a lot of the events -LRB- such as the cross dressing scene at the beginning of the game -RRB- are very memorable . The characters , especially Cloud and Tifa , are interesting . And the battle system , which now includes `` limit breaks '' whenever your character takes a certain amount of damage , is among the most user friendly of any RPG out there . Also , Sephiroth -LRB- while not quite as cool as FF3/6 's Kefka -RRB- is among the best video game villains ever . His mysterious personality and dark mindset is bound to make anybody naturally hate him.Of course , the graphics in FF7 are first rate . The movies are very detailed , though a bit on the grainy side . And the prerendered backgrounds are outstanding . The super deformed characters , however , could use work . It 's hard seeing what look like a bunch of children having deep relationships and seriously striving to save the planet . Of course , this has always been a problem with the Final Fantasy series so I 'm not gon na give it too much slack . As far as the music goes , if you 're looking for FF3/6 quality music you will be disappointed . No video game soundtrack has ever lived up to the standards set by that game and FF7 is no exception . The synth quality is rather low and the compositions just are n't as intriguing . Nonetheless , FF7 has a great soundtrack that really fits the game and characters nicely.Overall , I think Final Fantasy VII is an excellent RPG and definately deserving of the five stars I have given it in this review . However , I recommend you also play previous Final FAntasies , especially FF3 , before playing this game because they do serve as a better example of what Final Fantasy is all about .
 This game is great ! It firsts starts out as a small group called Avalanche that try to stop a powerful company , the Shinra from sucking all the Mako from the earth . It goes from there to trying to stop an evil guy called Sephiroth from destroying the world . It all revolves around the Protagonist , Cloud . Many things to do , like breeding chocobos , fighting bad guys , getting an airship , and saving the world ! Well , in a nutshell , this is personally my favorite game for the PSX , and you should get it as soon as possible !
 this was a wonderful game.sure , the graphics werent as great as FF8 , but u can live with it . anyways , with the gameplay and the wonderful plot , u wont even notice the sorta good graphics . this game also has a lot of side quests , which makes it longer.i think i played this game the whole way through about 7 times but then i gave it to my best friend for his birthday . but it was very , very , very good.EXCELLENT
 I just got PS not too long ago and I was just so suprised with the complicated plot and the amazing gameplay . I loved everything , the materia and magic , the battles , the bosses , the story , the music , and the different scenerys . The one and only thing I did n't enjoy too much and thought was annoying was whenever you 're trying to find a new city in the world map or when you 're just walking around somewhere you get attacked by monsters so often it starts to get on your nerves .
 This is the absolutly best game ever made . I spent over 80 hrs playing this and breeding chocobos . I highly recommend it .
 This game is the coolest rpg out there . It has it all great graphics , a five star story rating . Attacks and limit breaks that will blow you away . When I first started it was weird but pretty quick you get very , very , very in to it you will spend hours trecking through the paths and even making your own path . If you like long , hard , fun rpgs this game is for you .
 This game was great i good a fun time playing it !!! the graphics are cool and it has an understandable storyline . the materia system is a lot better than the types of magic in other games . there are a lot of weapons that you can get and it takes a while to beat the game . one of the hardest parts of the game is beating the emerald and ruby weapons -LRB- i still ca n't beat them !! -RRB-
 This game out of all the many RPGs i 've played through my life -LRB- of 15 years -RRB- is my favorite game of all time ! I cold write pages about this game but in stead I 'll list the basic reasons 1 . The storyline is unmached and even unchallenged in my book 2 . The clasic FF battle control 3 . The so many new and differnt worlds vhicles and backgrounds to explore 4 . The charicters have such distinct personalites and attaks 5 . This is the best game ever so just buy it do n't say it 's dumb cause it didd n't come out yesterday So stop reading this and buy it what do you have to loose twenty $ ?
 This game is great ! It is a role playing game , and is very exciting . You meet a lot of different characters . Each has their own personality . You go to tons of different places . Plus , you deal with interesting issues . The love triangle between Cloud , Tifa , and Aeris is very interesting . Plus , the storyline isn terrific ! The main characters were great , as well as the villians . THis is an excellent game !
 This game is cool it was fun and i like it i will play it all the time forever and ever amen .
 This is one of my favorite games ever . To everyone who gives this game bad reviews I 'll agree with you that the graphics are bad , and its a long game . But I like long games -LRB- as long as they are n't boring -RRB- , and the graphics are bad , but it was made a long time ago so I know its not going to look like FFX -LRB- Which is another great game -RRB- but just because their are bad graphics does n't mean that you should n't buy the game.This game has a deep , epic story that keeps the player involved in the game . Every character has a past that you learn of which makes the player know about and care for the characters more . The fighting system is amazing . I love the materia set up , even though their are others out there and some are better . When I first played this game I thought that this was the best fighting system out there . Now their are betters but this is still one of my favorites.Now that I 've cleared up what I think of the game let me tell you about it . The game is about Cloud Strife , a defector of Shinra , the evil corporation maintaining control over the planet . As the game opens , Cloud joins `` Avalanche , '' a resistance group determined to foil the corporation 's diabolical plans.Pros : Epic story lineWell-developed charactersBeautiful spell effectsComplex magic systemCons : Dialogue can be stupidThats all I hope this reviwer helps all potential buyers .
 No RPG has come close to having the kind of stories and atmosphere that the Final Fantasy series has . But no Final Fantasy game has come close to the timeless masterpiece of Final Fantasy VII . The characters are superb ! I will never forget Cloud , Aeris , Tifa , Barrett , Cid -LRB- Highwind -RRB- and the others . The story is incredible and the music is classic ! Sure , the sound and graphics do n't measure up to PS2 , Xbox or Gamecube . But this game is above all that . Video games have never left as deep an impression on me like this one has . This is THE defining title in the Final Fantasy series .
 Final Fantasy VII is one of the greatest RPGs of all time . With an incredibly rich storyline , a cool cast of characters and great music it will keep you playing for hours.As in most Final Fantasy games , FFVII opens up with a fairly routine mission and it slowly develops into a quest to save the world . Along the way you 'll travel to many remarkable locations such as a 65 story building that is the Shin-ra Headquarters and the North Crater where the desperate final mission ends.Along the way you will get attached to the various characters and you 'll be saddened , angered and excited as the game 's events unfold . I wo n't spoil anything but besides the scene that everyone talks about , there is a particularly `` crushing '' scene near the beginning of Disc 1 and a harrowing prison escape near the end of Disc 2 . And as for the ending , people are still debating what it means -LRB- but you have to stay and watch the final scene after the credits roll !! -RRB- Although the music is synthesized , it is still some of the best I 've heard from a video game . From the driving music at the opening mission to blow up a power reactor to the spectacular choir chanting Latin phrases at the final battle the music is simply stunning.Overall , I highly recommend this game to anyone who has even a passing interest in RPGs . This game will have you hooked .
 Okay fans of video games , listen up ! This is my favorite game of all time for a lot of reasons . The graphics are not such hot stuff by todays standards , but set them for the Playstation . The story is amazing ! It really moves along well . The control is excellent and easy to get used to . It has more playability than any game I have ever come to play . And the music - OH ! The music is catchy and hollywood worthy simultaneously , from the suspenseful intro to the supremely cool final battle sequence.The game never gets old whatsoever . The story is completely unpredictable and reads like an epic novel . The battles have amazing music , from the various Jenova fights to the typical boss music to the regular boss fights . And the summons are amazing mostly , though Ifrit and Shivah -LRB- FFVIII players would understand -RRB- are very plain . The cg cinemas are packed with action.For a mere fifteen dollars , you do NOT get what you pay for . You get far , FAR more . You get an epic role playing classic that spans across 3 whopping discs filled with action , story , and amazing visual effects . A big pointer
 If you ever want to play a great RPG then you need to buy this game . This is what the playstation is here for . To play this game and nothing else . This is the best RPG ever -LSB- ... -RSB- , jus playin . Go out and find a copy . This game is awesome , simply awesome .
 i have played final fantasy VII more than twenty times . and i still love it ! its one of my all time favorite games bested only by final fantasy tactics -LRB- GREAT GAME a must have -RRB- . in this game you can eqip materia -LRB- magic crystals -RRB- to your guy to give them different magic powers . you get to level guys magic up too.i 'd have to say the best part of this game are fighting RUBY and EMERALD weapons . OH MY GOD I FOUGHT THOSE BATTLES LIKE A BILLION TIMES AND IT WAS FUN EACH TIME TOO !!! you get to make a party of three guys -LRB- Cloud , Cid , and Vincent kicks @ $ $ -RRB- for the battles . you can do regular rpg stuff like equiping weapons , armor , accesories , etc.one of the most fun things in this games is you get to breed and race chocobos -LRB- if you dont know what a chocobo is ... u should n't be reading this review -RRB- . you can breed special chocobos that have special abilities and will get you VERY rare materia.the bottom line is if you love rpgs , do anything , and i mean ANYTHING to get this game . you WONT be disappointed .
 I consider myself a late-blooming RPGer , because i never really got into them until around ' 99 . I did n't have a PSX -LRB- just got one in late 2001 -RRB- so i had to wait for their PC port to come out . FF7 was my not my first RPG , but it was the first i had played of the series . I was hooked from the moment I started playing . The graphics are dated , but the storyline ranks up there with Lord of the Rings and any other epic.I noticed a lot of reviewers thought FF8 was better , and was wondering if they had played it before FF7 . When FF8 finaly came to PC , i bought it right away . I honestly did n't enjoy it the first time through . While it is a good game , it was very different from the FF7 i loved . Earlier this year i gave the game another shot , and was pleasantly surprised to find i liked it much more than before , but the story did n't flow as well and was n't as deep as FF7 's . FF7 is worth the time devotion , delivering an imaginative story with many twists . **** This game is not for everyone **** You can not rush through this game . If you do you miss out on many interesting details . This is the only game that ever made me think about crying.All you haters out there ... if you dont feel like reading an intensive story , why play this game in the first place ? Go play Halo and shoot something .
 IS THI GAME AWSOME OR WHAT ? You have got to try it out . Every person ive ever met that has played this game says they love it !!!!! I have to strongly agree with them.If you like RPGs-then you will LOVE this game !!! If you have never playe an RPG then i think this is the one to try-try it and im almost possitive you will love it !! It will deffinitly be worth your money !!! But be warned-it has A LOT of cousing in it -LRB- Which makes it more realistic -RRB- so probably someone who is 10 and down sohouldnt play it.Overall , this is a masterpiece of a game !!!
 This game is heavon u can play forever . I think personaly the first disk is the best . I play this game instead of playstation 2 games . I would recommend to buy a guide the game can get a little confusing . A great game roleplay ... . Chris Griffin is awsome yes he is Thank You very much ... cant wait to play final Fantasy X-2 ttyl thanks for help Adam Phelps , Derek Brinks , Zac McCormick
 Final Fantasy VII , I have to say is the best Final Fantasy in all of the saga ! The battle system is awesome , the story line is absolutely amazing -LRB- especially with all the surprises -RRB- . I admit , they could have done a better job with the graphics , but it is still the best of them all.I give Final Fantasy VII four stars , because of the graphics , they are a little wierd ...
 I have but one thing to say ... THIS IS THE GREATEST RPG , wait , THE GREATEST GAME EVER , if you do n't have it , BUY IT !
 In my eyes , probably the best game ever made . Intriging characters , wonderful musical score , and loveable characters make Final Fantasy VII the best RPG for your money . This game is very eddictive , considering I completed it over three times . The thing I love about this game is that each time you play it , you discover something new each time . Limit Breaks , Materia , and Active Time Battle Mode also make this game more unique . If you are a hardcore RPG player , you should have Final Fantasy VII in your library . You wo n't be disappointed !
 This is one of the best games I 've ever played . The graphics are not as good as some other games by Square , but the plot is excellent . I recommend this game for any hard-core roleplay gamers out there , because this game does get tough at some points , and is not for the weak minded . I am only 13 and at the end of the second CD , so this game is almost for anybody . If you like RPG 's buy this one because FFVII is the KING OF THEM ALL !
 The storyline ! The graphics -LRB- well , they were amazing in 1997 ! -RRB- ! The characters ! The plot ! OUTSTANDING ! Buy Buy Buy ! Best game ever -LRB- maybe second best ... -RRB- !
 This game is soooo awesome . The only game better I can think of is Final Fantasy 5 ! FF7 blew me away and is on the top of my fav 's , tied with tony hawk pro skater and metal gear solid . Not only are the graphics killer , but the addition of Emerald and Ruby weapons adds a challange that I 've only done halfway . Chocobo Racing is an awesome part , as is the snowboarding , and the summons rule ! Take Choco/Mog -LRB- It 's really moogle though ... -RRB- Either a moogle riding on a chocobo stampedes into the enemy , or an oversized fat chocobo , much larger than those of ff4j comes falling onto them . And then there 's the awesome six-winged dragon , bahamut zero , flying in space , second only to the coolest of all , Knights of Round . I did n't use any online help , and neither should you , especially if you want the weapons to be a challenge . BUY THIS GAME RIGHT AWAY !
 Final Fantasy 7 is the greatest game ever made ! The graphics ^ * $ % # ^ @ rock and the story line ca n't get any better . All the characters are cool . It really sucks bum when Aeris dies . There are thousands of attacks and there all SWEET !
 This game is fantastic for RPG fans and has great FMV clips and easy controls to learn and master . Though this game is n't for gamers under 11 years old just because of the puzzles you have to figure out . Otherwise I will recomend it to anybody . NOTE
 This game is great . The characters are awsome and it is a must buy for Role Playing Game lovers . The game is great , I can only chose one game over this and that is Legend of Legaia . I ca n't wait to get Final Fantasy VIII
 This game is absolutely mesmerizing and completely addictive . The storyline is engrossing , graphics are remarkable , music is beautiful . You come to actually care about certain characters - it 's like watching a soap or TV series . Guys - this is a good game to buy your girlfriends - they 'll love the Aeris , Cloud , Tifa triangle . I have lost entire days of my life to this game and it was well worth it . I have not yet played FFVIII , but I ca n't imagine how it could be better than VII .
 For anyone just starting out or even for the hardcore gamer , this is a must-have RPG . The story is both intricate and amusing . It lets the gamer become involved in the story line . The battle system and overall control of the characters is easy to pick up . One of the best video games of all time .
 This was the first final fantasy game that i ever played . i first played it when i was about , let me think , uuuuummmmmmmmm , 873 ! er , more like 6 . then my mom took it away . four to five years later , i found it in one of my mom 's desk drawers , while i looked for my comp . -LRB- computer -RRB- key , -LRB- YES ! computers can be locked up ! do n't abuse them ! -RRB- i promptly started playing it . 2 hours later , it was time for dinner , but i kept playing . my mom got annoyed , so she turned it off , -LRB- i had just gotten to the hideout in the midgar slums . -RRB- a year later , after getting `` game over `` ed about 100 times , at about 90 hours of gameplay , i finally killed sephiroth . but i still do n't get the ending . -LRB- i beat it about 1 month ago -RRB- omnislash is worth the hassle of getting . beleive me . i got to see it done on sephiroth . it did about 100,000 damage , NO LIE ! i killed safer with two knights of the round.they did about 70,000 damage each.but i never killed emerald or ruby weapons . * cry * Anway this is the ABSOLUTE BEST CONSOLE GAME IN THE WORLD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -LRB- with comps , it is counter-strike . -RRB- BUY IT NOWW , U WON `` T REGRET IT !!!!!!! BUY IT I SAY !!!! P.S.IT IS BETTER THAN Final Fantasy X ! i think , i have n't beaten it yet .
 Sure this game has not so good graphics but it was the first ff game to have 3d graphics and the plot is really good .
 OH MY GOD ! I 've had this game for about 4 years now and it still kicks a ** ! The plot is amazing and totally unique -LRB- and never gets old -RRB- The characters are dynamic and well done , the combat system is well thought out , and the magic system is much better than that of FFVIII . The only possible flaw with this game is the polygonal graphics , but when everything else is so amazing , WHO GIVES A F *** ? The story follows a rebel group known as AVALANCHE as they battle a large evil multinational corporation , but as they get closer to bringing it down , they soon realize the real fight for the safety of the world is still to come when a madman known as sephiroth -LRB- the greatest villain ever concieved -RRB- tries to summon forth a power that will destroy the planet , but amke him an all powerful being . Plot twists galore and about 70 hours of gameplay make this game an entirely different experience .
 This game was my first RPG , and let me tell you all that thanks to this game I have bought more than 100 games for the PS . I have all the classics
 This game is so fantastic . I 've never been so involved a a video game 's storyline - it has interesting characters , it 's a whole lot of fun , and its amazing how deep the plot goes . This is one RPG I can play over and over again ... Anyone who 's played any of the Final Fantasy games knows they 're good , but Final Fantasy VII is the best . You wo n't be able to stop !
 Final Fantasy VII is easily my favorite Final Fantasy game , and I know them all . I own FFIV , V , VI , VII , VIII , IX , and X and have beaten FFVII , VIII , IX , and X and this one is the best . I have to recommend it to everyone , RPG fan or not . Squaresoft was at it 's prime in this period what with FFVII & Xenogears , my favorite Squaresoft games . The battle format is the tried and true Active form -LRB- you have a `` Active Time Battle '' gauge that fills and when it fills , the character can attack . Enemies do n't have to wait for you to use your turn to use theirs -RRB- . There are tons of commands -LRB- Ex . Attack , Deathblow , Magic , Item , Morph , Steal , Mime , etc. -RRB- but many require Materia to use . Materia is what you insert into your weapon and armors empty Materia slots to gain the Materias ability while it is equipped . You gain AP as well as EXP and Gil -LRB- $ -RRB- after winning a fight . AP levels up your equipped Materia . It is important not to overload your character with Materia though , because as Cloud says in a tutorial , `` It acts as a double-sided sword . While it gives you abilities , it also can subtract from your stats . '' The story starts small as a rebel group AVALANCHE fighting the Shinra Corporation that is turning the only huge city on Gaia , Midgar , into one big industrial market . They are putting up Mako Reactors that suck the energy from the Earth and convert it to power . AVALANCHE destroys a couple of these in missions and Shinra devises a plan . 18 year old Cloud is just joining AVALANCHE , but reluctantly ; he is very cruel hearted and troubled do to his past in the beginning , but that changes . Quickly the scheme becomes much more grandiose as Sephiroth gets involved . AVALANCHE falls apart and the core members and a few other characters leave to follow Sephiroth , while Shinra searches for `` the Promised Land , '' a land with tons of Mako energy . The story is serious . A main character even dies at the climax of the first disc . It leads you through tons of places and aquaints you with many people . Of course the ever popular Biggs and Wedge return , as does Cid -LRB- you may not get this if you are n't big for Final Fantasy games -RRB- . The Limit Breaks are cool . During battle there is a gauge called Limit Break which fills when you are attacked . When it fills all the way , you can use Limit Breaks which are very strong attacks . You learn new ones by using previous ones or a variety of other ways for certain characters . The status effects such as Poison or Mute are used . The ammount of Materia is staggering . The summons are great , but one stands out as fairly impossible to not be a one hit kill , besides on Safer Sephiroth if he has on Wall , or Emerald and Ruby Weapon regardless . This summon is common knowledge for Final Fantasy enthusiasts , Knights of the Round , where 13 knights attack the enemies . If you have a good magic stat , they do a good 9000 damage per attack -LRB- 9000 x 13 = 117,000 damage -RRB- . The graphics are standout awesome for their time , but nowadays they are n't special and the character designs are a disaster , but again , they were awesome back in the days . The sound is top notch with awesome music . Just like Xenogears , it 's one of those few games where I like the music . There are a few huge -LSB- disappointments -RSB- -LRB- the chocobo battle music -RRB- and a few instant favorites -LRB- the Safer Sephiroth music , `` One Winged Angel '' -RRB- . The game length is about 40-50 hours , but you 'll keep playing it to get to level 99 and complete every last side quest -LRB- like me ! -RRB- and clock in 70 hours if you have one ounce of common sense . The control is flawless except for the X for cancel and Circle for confirm , but that can be fixed with the customizable controls very easily . I just ca n't believe that you 're still reading this review ! Buy the game already , you wo n't regret it .
 -LRB- on PS -RRB- This was a cool game except for the fact that I happend to stumble across a non-typical storyline . Because of this the best part of the game did n't make sence . Also the fact that the game played the wrong videos at some point . It will probably not be a problem for you , but I just do n't think they should have left holes in it like that .
 This game is THE fantasy of a lifetime ... i grew up -LRB- ages about 8,9,10 -RRB- watching my brothers play this game . after we moved , my brothers set it up again ... i was in the other room , and as soon as I heard the Overworld song i knew what they were playing . i rushed in and watched for AT LEAST two hours . one month later , i walked in and the playstation was free . i was so excited . i started the game -- and could n't put it down . the story just ripped me out of the world for a second ... i felt like i was actually there ! after a strong scene i could just feel the breath gush out of my lungs without even realizing i 'd been holding it the whole time ... . the music takes you away just as well as any cinema ... and the small ` triangle ' between Cloud , Aeris , and Tifa makes you wonder who 'd be better for who ... childhood friend or newfound buddy ? i think if i talk any more , i will let loose some spoilers ... -LRB- if I have n't already o_O -RRB- my advice -- if u do n't have this game , NOW IS THE TIME TO GET IT . I PROMISE U U WILL NOT BE SORRY !!!!!!!!
 Playstation 1 owners out there with a penchant for RPG games probably need no good word of mout from me , as this game is one of the staples for the system . However , for those who do n't have this game , get it ! ...
 I have played every final fantasy and this is by far the best ! Words cant express my positive feelings to this game . The Best EVER is the best is can do . U must have it !
 Just for u to be sure that is true : THE BEST GAME EVER ... yeah EVER ... . the best ...
 A milestone of Square , good graphics , high playability and hours of entertainment.A must have for RPG gamers .
 This is easily the Greatest RPG i have ever played ... and i 've played alot . Anyone who says the game is too old now and its graphics suck now , dont know anything ! This game has the deepest story in a game ever , there are some truly shocking twists , it will make you happy , and there are parts that will -LRB- honestly -RRB- bring you to tears . this game has fantastic replay value and i easily rack up 100 hours just roaming around getting everything there is.The plot is basically the main character Cloud is a former member of SOLDIER , wich is the elite forces of Shinra an evil conglomerate that is sucking the planets energy dry . Cloud is hired by a rebel faction named avalanche to help them stop shinra but things quickly change and all of a sudden shinra becomes less of a problem , as the truly sinister and possibly most EVIL and SPINE TINGLING villian emerges , his name is sephiroth and yes you will be scared ! the characters are great , from the mysterious main character Cloud , Barrett the fearless leader of avalanche and Tifa clouds childhood friend who is also a member of avalanche . there is so much to say about this game that there isnt enough time to tell you everything . the graphics were great in there time and still are completly acceptable , this is one of those games where graphics dont matter . the sound is incredible ... i love every single track on this game . the materia system is the best magic system ever created . there are plenty of sideqeusts and mini-games to keep you occupied if somehow you get bored . and the game will last you a long time ... unless you have no life and literally spend 3 solid days on this game ... -LRB- half the people on here seem like that -RRB- . and this game has great replay value.All i have left to say if you havent played this game yet go and buy it NOW !!!! you wont regret it .
 Alright , I know that this is just one of all them reviews that gives this game 5 stars , but that 's because there 's a REASON for it , alright ? I have played this game when it was first released , and decided to replay it again . From all these years of playing different RPG 's , this typical game lists as one of the best . The thrilling story and plot 'll keep you guessing until the very end , all the different materias that gives you magic abilities are just plain cool , and of course the CHOCOBO RAISING !! -LRB- I have no darn idea why so much people HATE this part , this is very VERY crucial to get some of the most powerfulests of materias in the game ! Maybe some people just do n't know how to raise chocobos well enough ... -RRB- Anyways , some 'll say `` The graphics are lame . I hate this game even if I never played it before in my life . Go away . '' I tell y' all , graphics are really not the most crucial part in gaming . Those people who beleive that graphics are what makes games fun are out-dated . Think of those classic Mario games on NES ! The graphics were the most pixelests of them all , but it was hella fun !! Anyways , for those who never tried this game ... Try it . I COMMAND THEE !
 This is quite possibly the greatest game ever made . This was the first game I ever got for playstation about 2 years after it came out . The main character is Cloud , an ex member of SOLDIER . He becomes a mercenary after his friend Zack gets killed by Shinra troops . Cloud joins the group Avalanche with Barrett , the leader of Avalanche and Tifa , Cloud 's childhood friend , who are trying to stop Shinra , a company that is sucking the very life out of the planet . In their travels they meet Aeris , a mysterious girl whose past is a mystery , Red XIII , a mysterious creature with human intellect , Cid Highwind , a pilot whose dream is to travel into space , Cait Sith , a stuffed toy brought to life , and two hidden characters that you have the option of getting . Vincent Valentine is one of the idden characters you can get . His tale about his past reveals that he was once connected to Shinra . Yuffie is the other hidden character that you can get . She is a young ninja that is out to bring materia back to her hometown of Wutui . The main villain in this game is the Sephiroth , who is quite possibly the most legendary villian in RPG 's . He was supposedly killed by Cloud in Mt. Nibel 5 years ago . Yet he returns and summons Meteor to come and wound the planet so much that it will use almost all of its life to heal itself . Sephiroth is planning to be at the center of the wound and absorb all the energy that goes to heal the planet . This game has one of the greatest story lines in an RPG ever . The total time is well over 50 hours if you do all the side quests . This game is a must try , even if you are not an RPG ` er . I give it 5 stars
 ok if ur a final fantasy fan , or rpg fan i highly recomend this game to anyone of these games . im not going to write anything about this game besause if i did it would take all day to read . so therefore ff7 is the best of ff games period and of all rpgs . i highly recomend this game to anyone .
 I remember back in 1999 when my brother got this game for his birthday . It was such a great game back then , and it remains that even today . While I personally prefer final fantasy X over VII , I still love this game . The graphics are pretty bad nowadays -LRB- you 'll probably mistake this game for Lego Star Wars when you look on the back cover , which is insulting Lego Star Wars more than this game -RRB- as is some of the tunes , but you 'll forget both of these factors of the game once you get fully absorbed in the experience . It also has a pretty good story -LRB- even though it feels a little cobbled together at times -RRB- and some great gameplay . I would recomend this game to any one who loves RPGs , but be prepared for an overlong story . Here 's what I would rate it : Gameplay :8 Graphics : -LRB- now -RRB- -15 -LRB- then -RRB- 6Sound/Music :7 -LRB- a little too cheesy for my tastes -RRB- Replay Value :9 -LRB- it will keep you ocuppied for a very long time -RRB- Story :7 -LRB- it dregs on for a bit too long -RRB- Overall :8.5
 There is not much to say except that this is probably the best FF game . If you go up to somone who plays these games , they will most likely answer with Final Fantasy VII . Storyline and plot are just outstanding .
 I have played this game so much i just ca n't get enough of it if you have never played the final fantasy series you will like it . start with this one .
 I used to remember , before Diablo 2 came out , i 'd sit up playing this game 24/7 , making sure i had every item i could , waiting for that final Battle with Sephiroth . Ah yes , i bet on my life i beat that game over a million times , and its still not old . Though Diablo2 and Diablo 2 , Lord of destruction has replaced it , i still sit back every now and then , and just play Final Fantasy till i fall asleep , i must admit , if not for my addiction to Blizzard Entertainment Games , i 'd have to say this is the best game ever created
 This game was fun but I defienily prefer ff2 . I do n't like the idea of switching your charcter but besides that it rocked . The story line is good and it does n't advance fast like on other games . That 's why I like it . If you like rpg you should keep this game !
 One of the best games ever , most exciting game ever to hit the playstation.The game is very long and will last you months on the edge of your seat . The story starts of slow , so will have to give it some time , but you wo n`t regret buying it .
 THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED . IT HAS THE BEST GRAPHICS , CONTROLS AND PLENTY OF OTHER STUFF . AND IT REALLY IS LIKE A MOVIE . MORE OF AN ACTION/DRAMA . I THINK EVERY ONE SHOULD GET THE GAME.OOOOO I FORGOT SOMETHING . THE ENDING IS THE BEST EMDING I HAVE EVER SEEN FOR ANYTHING . IT IS SSSSSOOOOO COOL . PLAY IT AND FIND OUT !
 This is a game that every game library should not be without . It has a plot , character-development , and great graphics . The ability to not have to get certain characters is great and the materia ability is wonderful . People , if you like RPG 's you will love Final Fantasy VII !
 This game is the best game of all time . In this game you will find a great storyline , good graphics , an RPG , and its made by Square .
 Final Fantasy VII was and is one of the best games of our time . It combines extraordinary graphics with a gripping storyline . A must have for anyone who loves RPG 's .
 Final Fantasy VII is the coolest game ever ! It is a 3 disk set and has not so good graphics if you have a PS2 and a 70 '' screen T.V. Like me . But it is an awsome game ! I promise you . And also very challenging game . Also , the first disk comes first , disk 2 , and 3 are continuations of the game .
 Intro : It 's been eight years since this game came out , and the release of the movie sequel `` Advent Children '' is sure to create some nostalgic buzz about it . The concept of an entire film being dedicated to a video game is a an unprecedented cultural phenomenon , and it 's my opinion that forty years from now , Final Fantasy VII will be looked upon as one of the milestones in merging the worlds of video entertainment and literature.Gameplay : The game has a few issues with gameplay . I never found them too troublesome , but some do . Also , some of the battle animations are just too long , sucking up hours watching your characters repeat the same complex computer-generated sequences again and again . Generally the difficulty is sufficently challenging without getting in the way of the plot.Graphics : The graphics were revolutionary at the time , but now are dated . While modern RPG characters have photo-realistic faces that can express a multitude of emotion and nuance , the polygon figures in FF VII gesture and bound like masked Greek actors in an amphitheater in their attempts to connect with the audience . Thankfully the writing and storyline are good enough to make up for this . Still , the eye candy is lacking to today 's expectations.Music : The musical score , composed by Nobuo Uematsu , is excellent . Uematsu 's skill at expressing settings , tones , and personalities through his compositions is amazing , although this does n't quite live up to the phenomenal Final Fantasy VI soundtrack . The only issue is that the MIDI synths in 1997 were n't as sophisticated as they are now , so the music often sounds tinny and obviously electronic , especially the brass and woodwind synths . This is hardly Uematsu 's fault , and orchestrated versions of compositions from the game are available that are gorgeous . Regardless of this handicap , when you 're immersed in the game the music still manages to pull you in deeper.Story : Despite technical issues , this game gets 5 out of 5 stars because of the plot , the characters , and the game 's attempt to create a piece of art instead of a piece of entertainment . I might get a few crazy looks out there , but the depth of the characters in this game , the shifts in plot and focus , and the concepts written into the plot 's subtext all approach a complexity found in many great works of literature.In the oppressive city of Midgar , the bourgeoisie and proletariat are literally and figuratively separated -- the poor live beneath the rich , who have built dwellings on a platform above them to guarantee access to sunshine . If this does n't scream Marxism , nothing does . When the protagonists of the AVALANCHE crew sabotage a Shinra reactor plant , the Orwellian corporate media set the city afire with reports of terrorism . Our heroes are society 's dangerous , fugitive outcasts . This raises questions
 Final Fantasy VII - Circa 1997GOOD : - Considered a Classic PS1 RPG by many people - Arguably Best story in a video game - Epic story with fleshed out characterBAD : - Graphics are really dated , 3D character models looked old even in 1997 - Game play may feel datedIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE : - Turn based RPG - No voice-overs , so there is lots of reading - Unless your looking for or like that retro look/feel of an RPG , it will feel dated to those raised on Final Fantasy X or Kingdom HeartsGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO : - Final Fantasy VIII - Final Fantasy IX - Legend of Dragoon - Chrono CrossADDITIONAL NOTES : - There is two versions of this game in one version the female playable character is called Aeris and in another it is called Aerith -LRB- note this is the same character -RRB- - There is a version for the P.C. as well - The CG movie Final Fantasy
 I ca n't believe that people actually like this game . Let me give you a breif list of the reasons this game is not for everyone .1 . Of course ... . The graphics are so bad that it causes your eyes catch fire , burn , and pop right out of your skull , trying to escape the torture .2 . The story line is very gripping . It gets very exciting and fast paced to where you ca n't wait to see what happens next ... . Then they slow the game down to the pace of a snail on muscle relaxers , where you have to find some stupid key card to get to a certain door in an office building ... . What a waiste !! The momentum and excitement is lost . Oh and I guess the giant guy with the gun for an arm just ca n't blow the door down ???? 3 . Did I mention the graphics ? You might as well play your Atari , because even it was light years ahead of Final Fantasy 7 . If you like the stories that much and graphics do n't matter , WHY DON `` T YOU READ A BOOK ! 4 . Who cares if that stupid chick dies in the beggining . I wish they would all die . Well I hope they live to see Kingdom Hearts , because that was a far more superior game .5 . I warn all those out there . Do not buy this game . Unless it is a gift for someone you want to die from boredom and burning eyes syndrom . Please , heed my advice and get Final Fantasy , 9 , 10 , 8 , etc. . Anything but seven.Thanks for your time and support !!!
 I bought this game when it first came out , I have n't played a better playtation game yet . If you have n't played this game yet , stand up , grab 20 bucks , go down to your local computer store , buy it . That simple -LRB- or just order it here , lol -RRB- . Character development is incredible , combat is perfect , the storyline is amazing , the game in a whole cant be described in words . It 's like watching a good movie or reading a good book . You get completely into it . One of the best games ... ever . I highly reccomend you buy it now if you have n't yet , no need trying it or anything , just get it .
 This is the funnest action , exploring game since , Evulution !!! Have n't heard of it ? Proboly , it is for dreamcast . Anyway , I 'm into the sword fighting king of games . This is the only one !!! No others that I could find . If you got a playstation , this is really worth your money , if you have a dreamcast , evulution !
 This game is totally dominant over the other final fantasy games ive played so far . I played this one for monthhs , determined to get every last secret i could out of the game , but found it darn near impossible . the game holds so many secrets you LITERALLY have to play over and over to find them all . The best thign about it in my opninion is the interaction between cahracters , and i dont mean cloud and tifa ect . i mean you walk into a town , the townspeople are often going to give away tidbits of advice or other things abotu the game , but instead of doing it casual rpg style it makes it totally immersive . Many choices in this game make it extremely replayable , from the verry beginning to the bitter end . Sephiroth is the greatest villain EVER , no mistake there . And although hes not the hardest boss hes defninitly the most interesting . the music in this game is unmatched by anything , the CG is awesome . if i could give it a 1,000,000,000 star rating i would , buy it if you havent palyed it , else ill call you a blastpheemer !
 this is possibly the best game i have ever played , besides the upcoming MGS2 , if you are a gamefan and dont haveb this game you outa be ishamed of your self . go buy it lowly maggot !
 If you do n't have this game ... go get it NOW . It is by far the best game in the world . Nothing beats it . You can play in the arcade like 50 diff games , chocobo race you breed and make different chocobos with different abilities , it uses the mattera system the best system in the world . None of the other final fantasy games even come anywhere close this is the best game of all time .
 I am a huge RPG fan . Since I was little i have watched , played , and talked about video games . But , I can never stop talking about Final Fantasy VII . As soon as I finished it the first time I started over again . The creator of final fantasy series is trully a geniuess . This game made me cry , laugh , and sometimes as with all games , even curse . But still it has made me a much better gamer and I ca n't wait for Final Fantasy 10 to be realesed . Of course I 'll probably have to murder someone to get my hands on it . This trully is one of the best games ever !!! Me and i 'm sure others hope that their never is really a Final Fantasy .
 This game is absolutely one of the best . It 's much better than its later ones such as FF8 and FF9 . FF7 has very vivid , realistic graphics on the World Map and especially the `` movie scenes . '' The battle graphics are great too and the way that the battles are set up is very good too because it 's very easy to understand and you can catch on very quickly . FF8 , or something like that , does n't have a good battle set up because it can get confusing and the junctions can be confusing too . Also , FF9 is a pretty good game and all but it can get kind of weird at parts . But , FF7 is more of a serious FF game , but it does n't take away the fun out of it . The music in the game is one of the best parts . Without it the game would n't be as good . The music is very in-depth and moving and it adds a lot more to the game . The game also has great storyline that 's different from the others and that just makes it more interesting . Well , I 've had this game for a few years now and I still have n't gotten tired of it because it 's that good . And if I could rate it higher than five stars then I would . So , basically I would recommend this game for anyone who 's into this type of stuff , because this game just ca n't be beat .
 Final Fantasy V11 is by far the best game that i have played in my gaming life . It is also the hardest game that I have ever owned.Number 7 brings back all the things that you have played on the SNES . You play as Cloud Strife , an ex - SOILDER of the age 22 . I gave this game a one when I first tried to understand the complicated storyline and pseudo - real time graphics . Before I get onto the real deal , I have one thing to say . You must have a memory card for this game . Otherwise you are stuck wathing amazingly long FMVs . This is my final say.Graphics ; 4 out of 5 Gameplay ; 5 out of 5
 I bought this game expecting alot out of it in the year 2001 . The graphics seemed bad at first , compared to squaresoft 's lastest installments.Some of the movie scenes still managed to amaze me though even though they were from 1997 . The best part about this game is the storyline.I usually lose interest in most final fantasies around the ending.In final fantasy VII however , i was hooked from the begining bombing on the no. 1 shinra reactor to the final showdown with sepirthroth.The characters are very good and they each have their own backround which is actually worth caring about.My favorite characters were cloud and tifa , you can choose for them to be together if u want.There are not alot of random battles in FF7 compared to FF9 , which is a good thing cause too many random battles with mosters can get annoying.So buy this game , get into your comfiest easy chair , and enjoy this games wonderfull , intricate storyline .
 This is one of the best RPG 's I have ever played . I started out Playstation with this game , and was hooked in five minutes . I bought my own Playstation because of it -LRB- I was using my friends -RRB- . It 's storyline is simply amazing , in depth , sad , infuriating , you name it . Some parts are even hilarious . They also have two sidequests to get two extra characters , Yuffie Kisaragi and Vincent Valentine . The villan , Sephiroth , was another marvel . His personality was even more developed than that of the main characters . Sephiroth could be passed off as an insane lunatic , but he has a past which would drive anyone crazy.There are many side quests to create the ultimate characters , like getting the four greatest materia of the world , and ultimate weapons and limit breaks . The fighting system is truely unique , and easy to understand . Unlike FFVIII , which I still can not understand . The weapons , unlike some other games , actually will change it 's looks instead of keeping the basic shape , and size . All of Squall 's weapons in FFVIII look the same.Don ' t get mad at me if I 'm wrong , but I do n't care much for FFVIII . The graphics of FFVII blew me away , even three years after it was made ! The in game graphics are not as good as they should be , but the CG clips are awesome . This is getting a little long , so I 'll shorten it into a sentance
 Because if you do , then for God 's sake , do not play this game.I have never been more addicted to a video game , I have never cared so much about the characters , I have never loved a storyline so much , as I do for Final Fantasy VII . Yes , PS2 and XBox might have better graphics , but on the whole , the storyline , the weapons you can get , and the cinematic sequences , make this just too good to miss . The only people who probably do n't like it are people who have n't played it all the way through -LRB- It takes about ... 60 hours , if you explore the whole world -RRB- . Pros
 From wht 'd i think of this game , is that it 's pretty much the best games squaresoft ever made . Sure , the graphics may be off a little , but if you start to get into the game , you 'll enjoy it more . The thing I hear about thtat 's bad , is the materia lowering your strength stats . But i 'd say it 's woth it , because materia is usually better then your attack/limit break . If you start to think that all the enemies are easy in the beginning , wait till you get to disc 2 . Even though i beat the game 4 times already , i still like to play it to see what i missed or the secrets Idid n't get .
 In my opinion , this is the greatest Playstation game ever released . The storyline is intense , and profusely in-depth and really grasps you into the storyline , which revolves around many characters instead of one . The music is beautiful and many times envokes emotions during parts of the game , this game , in my opinion , has the greatest musical score . I have noticed people complain about this games graphics , well if you have a problem with graphics in an RPG ... then I have to say , your intellectual level is very low . First of all , this game 's graphics are fine , even compared to the graphics of more recent video game titles ... and the game does Not revolve around its graphics.There are many other factors that seperate this game from other RPGs . This game also has the best story in a video game title to date , and there are situations that occur during the game that add to the story perfectly . If you want a solid , and deep RPG , this is for you .
 OK frist off this game is rocking . . Ok now that i said that i will tell you a lil about it . . FF7 is a good game and simple fighting system and WONDERFUL storyline a lil confusing at some parts but as you get father in to it you you learn a lil facts about the charters . . The most confusing part of this game was about Cloud 's past but i got it in the middle of 2ed disk . Its fun and guess what you can raise things that look like big chickens and you can ride and race them -LRB- chokabos -RRB- . . I love this game and the graphics are okay but not the best at some parts but this game is the best so buy it you do n't know what you are missing . .
 That sums it up . I have heard rumors that the creators had originally intended to make the game far more than it turned out to be , as astounding as it was . It may have been originally intended to have a longer storyline , bringing the game to a staggaring 7 disks in length , but the rumors dictate that they ran out of time and had to wrap up in a hurry . It makes sense , due to some details that I will not release in order to avoid spoiling the game for others , but even so , it does not suffer greatly . It sold around 30 million copies for a reason
 Final Fantasy 7 , is one of those games that deals with a variety of aspects , instead of just focusing on one . It may seem to have just your simple everyday theme , of an average game . Once you get to actually playing the game , and beating it , you will understand what the whole concept of this game is about . It is more than just a battle of good and evil ... it deals with what certain characters are going through at a time of crisis ... StoryThe story in FF7 was very well done ; fit very nicely with the characters and surroundings . At first playing FF7 , I did n't really think much of the story ... until they started to developing the characters , and other minor aspects in to place . Once the game progressed , I could tell that I was starting to become entwined with this game ; not only physically , but emotionally as well . One thing on the story I feel that they could have portrayed better , would have been how it all started ... they never really went into much depth of how it all started .10 / 10AppearanceAt first glance at FF7 , it does n't really look like much . Basically looks like your `` average '' game , where you fight the bad guy , save the girl , and so on . The appearance of the game , also relies on the story . You have to understand what is going on , to get the whole meaning out of a certain scene . FF7 , is one of those games that illustrates this property very well . At the time of the games release , which you can see here , it had some of the best graphics for any PSX game .9 / 10CharactersThe characters of FF7 were portrayed beautifully . Another reason why FF7 had a unique character design , is because the characters had been introduced with some background information ; instead of the traditional way , were they just introduce a character and that 's that . The way that characters developed , in the game , also had its strong points to back up many of the games likings . The way that I first saw the game , character wise , was that each really did n't care about each other . Once the story , and overall plot thickened , the characters attitudes towards each other became more appealing .9 / 10MusicThe music in the game was also another high end of the game . In my opinion , the music of the game , is what gave it that certain vibe , to make it a higher end game . I ca n't really say much about the music , though it was excellent . Overall Nobuo Uematsu did a very good at composing and producing the music of FF7 .9 / 10OverallFinal Fantasy 7 , what more can I say ... This is one excellent RPG that I would recommend to anyone who is remotely interested in gaming . The overall atmosphere that Final Fantasy 7 brings with it , is incredible . The overall mixture of what it represents , varies from person to person . Some people call this `` The greatest game of all time . '' and I fully agree with this statement ... Gaming just does n't get any better than this .9.5 / 10 ...
 FFVII was the pinnacle of the series in 1997 . It brought to gamers the first well known fully three dimensional RPG in north america , and boy were people excited . Lets get into the reasons people liked it so much . First of all , it has absolutely breath taking graphics and awe inspiring FMV scenes as well as some beautiful battle moves . Speaking of battle , a new system called ` materia ' was introduced , and instead of learning permanent abilities from spells , ability points went straight to the materia , meaning you could level up materia with one person , give it to another and unleash a hellfury . It leads to a lot of customization , which I like in games . The story is also quite good . At the start , you 're rigging a shinra Mako reactor with a bomb , and setting it off as an act of terrorism , and from there the story gets more sinister every second . Next minute they 're terrorizing your girlfriend , and the next they 're bringing down whole structures in Midgar , so you go to Shinra headquarters to settle the score , but it looks like an old friend turn enemy ` Sephiroth ' has beaten you to it . This starts our main characters on an epic journey that becomes more sinister and apocalyptic as the story goes on . It 's definitely a thrilling story . Sound is great as well . If I were to recommend an RPG for Playstation , I would recommend either this or FFIX , you can go wrong with neither one .
 I am a fan of science fiction writings as well as obviously good music and video games . I bought and am currently playing a used copy of this game and the complexity of the storyline reminds me much of Frank Herbert 's Dune books or the excellent Robot/Empire/Foundation series of books written by Isaac Asimov . The characters become real to you and you start to feel why they are trying their all to save the world . From the destruction of the first Mako Reactor through the final battle with Sephiroth , this game continues the legacy of gameplay that began with the actual fantasy of the first back in the mid-eighties . I will not ruin the gameplay by giving you the storyline , but be sure to explore all subplots and to gain Yuffie and Vincent if you wish to get the full experience . It 's kind of like Diablo , where you do n't have to do everything to complete the game , but it does feel more satisfying that way .
 This is a really good game , but it 's aimed more at rpg lovers than at hardcore gamers . If you are one of those people who simply wo n't buy anything with a E rating , you probably wo n't like this game . There 's nothing obscene about this game except for some minor swearing and sexually suggestive scenes -LRB- no actual nudity -RRB- . This is not a game to be rushed through at high speeds . To fully enjoy this game , you should delve deep into the hidden aspects of this world and learn more about the story as well as obtaining useful items . Many people are spitting on FFVIII and FFIX , because of this game . In my opinion , FFVII is better only by a very , very , slight margin.Also , I think that there definitely were better games during the time period in which this game came out . Zelda Ocarina of Time was definitely better than FFVII , even though it was shorter , and the revolutionary Goldeneye for N64 is just as good as FFVII.Don ' t let those comparisons prevent you from buying this game though . In an industry with so many good games to buy , comparison will really get into the way of buying an enjoyable game . Buy this before buying FFVIII and FFIX , because it 's much easier to learn and it will be a nice introduction to how final fantasies on PS work .
 If u know me i only rate good games and this is 1 of them.i got yuffie , vincent , all da master mataria and beat the ruby weopon.If u had no idea what im talkin about thats ok.This game is the best so if u find it -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- get it.Over all this game is long ive been playing for 2 years nowand still cant find everthing.My slogan is now.play on
 Before starting this review , let me remind this game has been more than 5 years ago . So comparing this title to other new titles such as FFX and such is not being fair . To be just , lets remind ourselves again that this * gem * was released more than 5 years ago , so its looking the old starwars movie now and saying `` hey thats not real '' . Okay enough with that . Let me asked to those FF7 dislikers , which other game has this large impact on the RPG world ? To my knowledge none . This game launches RPG into the mainstream . What other game can bolster that claim -LRB- maybe chrono trigger IMO -RRB- . THE GAME WAS THAT GOOD that square-enix even make a couple spin off games and movies from it -LRB- upcoming Dirge of Cerebus , FF7
 Now let me begin by saying I 'M NOT AN RPG gamer , I borrowed this from a friend because I was hearing so much about how great this game is , I recently borrowed it during the summer and I must say I. . . LOVE . . THIS ... GAME . I mean at first I was n't into the plot -LRB- I started getting sucked into it as soon as I got to Disc 2 -RRB- and the game aswell but after a few hours of playing I WAS HOOKED , now as I stated before I am not an RPG gamer but this game had one of those really cool anime/type plots and the turned base battles were pretty cool . The gameplay was pretty fun and I was always excited to see were the game would take me next , the dialoug IF YOU ASK me was a little dumb , I mean just because Barret is african american every most of the things he says has to always be spelled differently and have 4 letter words ? Ok I 'm done gripping . Other then Plot and gameplay , I really liked how the materia/magic worked aswell as the summons -LRB- man they are such a treat to look at -RRB- . And I think I 'm going abit too far but I thought the CG scenes -LRB- though very limited in the game -RRB- were beautiful . As for visuals , I do n't see why people are saying this games visuals are terrible this game was made back in the mid 90 's !!! I thought the visuals were great ! And the pre rendered backrounds were great aswell ! Stop complaining it 's an old game!Now audio ... I kid you not , after beating this game I downloaded almost every song from the game -LRB- Cosmo Canyon is by far one of my favorite songs ever played on a video game !!! -RRB- . The music is just beautiful , the song played in cosmo canyon is let alone a reason to get the game sountrack as well as the final battle with Sepheroth . The best part about the audio is they fit perfectly well for every scenario/area/battle . I do plan on buying this games soundtrack when I have the time . . Now being my first RPG I do n't know what to expect but I 'll say it anways . . my first time through this game was pretty long , I never went through EVERY SIDE QUEST but I did do a few cause I was a little paranoid that I 'd mess up , from random battles to leveling up , Boss battles to getting to every place/land/cave that I went through to progress through this great game and my length went down to a total of 57 hours , so yes you bet your sweet keester that your first time through this game will take awhile , as it is spanning 3 discs . Ok I 'm getting tired lets just get this over withThe Good-I LOVE THE MUSIC IN THIS GAME-The CG in this game is just wonderful-Why are people complaining about visuals , they get a 9 on my book . . well for it 's time atleast..-The Turn based battles were pretty fun-Omnislash ... nuff said-The Summons were a treat to see -LRB- VIVA LA BAHUMUT ZERO ! -RRB- - I loved all the characters so much in this game , it 's like you cared for them and really wanted them to just survive through the game , especially Red XII -LRB- My favorite Character in the game -RRB- -3 disc , more then 40 hours of gameplay and tons of stuff to do to extend the time period of the games lengthThe bad-I would ... seriously , no joke , just jump out of my seat when a random battle happend , I think it 's cause I had my volume very high-The random battles do get annoying-I thought leveling up did get pretty annoying and boring at parts -LRB- I was worried that I had to be in a certain level so I can be strong enough for a boss so I 'd spend like 50 % of the game leveling up -RRB- Other then that I really liked this game , I loved the music , visuals , story , especially the characters and the whole world/atmosphere was beautiful and there is n't anything that really botherd me except for a few boss battles ... other then that this is a must own for the Playstation . In the end I give this fantastic game a. . .5 out of 5 stars ...
 The abdominal escapade RPG game Final Fantasy VII . Quite possibly the most excellent Final Fantasy ever in a lot of people 's minds . I will agree that this game is extremely great and Square deserves every bit of credit . It has its ups and downs just like every other game out there . I really do like everything about this game but I do like the other Final Fantasy 's out there . So if you have only played this game I suggest you try the other Final Fantasy 's that have been released.If the intro made you mad then I 'm sure that the rest of the review will make you happy . Starting out as a former member of `` Soldier '' you take the main role of Cloud . You start out with a rebellion group by the name of AVALANCHE and do n't forget it . Your inaugural mission is to blow up the reactor to get the attention of `` Shinra Inc. '' to let them know they are ruining the planet by having these mako reactors . So make your point , grab your huge sword and let the adventure begin.Story 10Every body who has played this game knows that the story line is what makes FFVII live up to its title . You are an ex SOLDIER member and joined a group called AVALANCE to stop Shinra -LRB- the bad guys -RRB- from using all the energy from the planet . WHY ?! Because stealing stuff from the planet is not good , that 's why . On your way from destroying a mako reactor -LRB- steals energy -RRB- , you run into a pretty flower girl . That whose name I will not say , it 's a secret . One of your beginning characters is Barret who is the leader of Avalanche , and with him is Tifa who runs the bar they all hide at , and she also watches his daughter Marlene . Cloud use to live with Tifa in their town called Nibelheim , surprised to see Cloud she runs up to him and asks him how he has been over the past 5 years since they have seen each other.Starting out kind of fast you will notice the game makes a more pace able progress in the story line . The story is n't as long as `` Xenogears '' , but at least you will understand what is going on if you might happen to miss something earlier . Even on my 10th or so time going through the game I still just go through for the story and the game play , but for the most part the story . You have a main villain of course and he goes by the name of Sephiroth . You will meet all kinds of exciting characters and go to new towns that are perfectly designed . Like any other story there are sad times and the good times , but we all want to remember the good times . As we all know the story is one of the best and it keeps you coming back for more . If they just made this game a book , it would definitely be on the top 10 list in no time . That is how good the story is , it 's hard to put into words how much you should like it . So just enjoy and move on with the game.Game Play 10The battling system is as normal as any other Final Fantasy . You attack the enemy they attack you , heal , and use magic , all of those good things . At least they do n't have the same boss music over and over . Some of the bosses even have dialog in your battles , nothing too major just a grunt or two about how they do n't like you and they think that they are going to win the battle . The magic is the basic elements plus your non elementals . There are summons to use which have extraordinary graphics , and a lot of them are just cool looking . The bosses have certain types of skills that you can use by getting a certain `` Materia '' called enemy skill , all you have to do is wait for them to use the move and your character absorbs the move into there little Materia for later use . The Materia is what contains your magic and special techniques . It can have magic all the way to your little friends called the summons . Each of the first couple of summons they are elemental too , such as Ifrit , he is a fire based monster . Along with Shiva whom is an Ice based monster . They all have their own special `` move '' that will help you in each of your battles.There is also a little feature called Limit Breaks . So if you ever get tired of using summoning 's or using magic use one of these . When that little red bar fills up you use that limit skill and blow those enemies away . Each character has 4 levels limit breaks except for one of them . And when you do a certain amount of using one limit you can get the next extravagant limit . With the first 3 levels of limit breaks there are two in each one . But the forth level of limits is the ultimate which you might have to work you 're butt off to get that special item . So there is a lot to keep up with in the game play , make sure you do n't forget to check for items hidden in secret places , when it comes to fighting every item you find will help.Graphics 9Being the best graphics of this time of gaming , FFVII tops it all . To start off the characters have no mouths which is ok at least its better than having no faces at all like `` The Grand Stream Saga '' . But we will continue on with this game . The magic has ok graphics at the beginning but as you get stronger magic the graphics glint every where all over the screen . Each element of magic -LRB- Fire , Thunder , Earth , Ice are the major ones -RRB- has 3 levels , and each graphic is bigger each time and can grow even larger when you 're fighting multiple enemies and use it on all of them . The summoning 's probably are the better detailed of graphics when it comes to battles . There are sixteen bundles of joy waiting for you in the wonderful world out there . Each one you summon has there own special element or non-element attack when you summon them.The graphics can be very beautiful the first hundred times that you summon them but after a while they can get exasperating of seeing them do the same thing over and over again . Now on to the videos , each video is really greatly detailed . The characters and the surroundings are spectacular , they have mouths in the videos , they actually move to the words but you do n't hear them unfortunately . You can tell they tried not to get too detailed with the characters so they would n't look nothing like they do in the game , but they basically paint the picture for what they would look like if the game had better graphics . The Limit breaks as I mentioned earlier have really sole graphics for each one of them . The limits seem to actually fit the characters look , such as cloud he will use his sword and completely ruin everything around him . Barret will use his `` handgun '' , to blow away the enemies with ammunition . Each character has graphics to go with them and fit their attitude , and Square really did a good job emphasizing on their details . With ever bit of effort they put into the graphics they really deserve all of the love from everyone.Sound 10One of Nobuo Uematsu 's best works in music ever . This is definitely a buy worthy soundtrack . If you do not own the game or the soundtrack , I suggest you save up some money and get both of them right after you get through reading my review . Each song fits with the surroundings perfectly , the best part is when you listen to the song by itself then it will remind you of when you were in that specific area or a certain video in the game . I believe if music can do that than it is how the title `` music '' is deserved . While talking about the music the sounds that characters and monsters make are special in their own way too . Unfortunately as I mentioned earlier the characters talk in videos but there is no sound . So pft to them ! But I am sure that you can tell from the dialog when the character may be excited or very angry.The magic and summons have sounds to them also . When you have a larger leveled magic the sound lasts longer . Because the bigger the magic the longer it takes to finish its use . Each of the summons makes a noise when they perform their duties . Such as when Ifrit sets out his meteor fire ball I am sure you can imagine the big explosion noise that gargantuan rock lets out . When you use items they make noises too , nothing special though just a nice little ring to let you know that you have used it I guess . When you fill up your limit break bar it makes a noise to let you know you 're ready to use it , but if the sound does n't let you know I 'm sure the bright flash of fire around your character should get your attention . Every little noise you should notice and remember the rest of your measly life . If you do n't then I guess you 're not as big of a loser you thought you were now huh . So to Nobuo I thank you for giving us this wonderful piece of art you call the FFVII soundtrack . I am sure that everyone would agree with me.Story 10Game play 10Graphics 9Sound 10Overall rating 10 !!!!!! If you have n't figured it out by now , you need to go out and play this game . Do what you have to , and make sure you go through the whole thing and enjoy yourself . A lot of people will tell you this game is over rated . Even if it is so what , it 's a good game and that is all that matters . While mentioning this great FF title I suggest that you try some of the older titles that are great too , such as FFIII or FF the original . This is one of the best series of games out there and if you have n't heard of it yet then you need to have a better source of information for games . So go out and play this you will love it ! I bet when you find a penny on the ground you will be thankful it helped you buy this game .
 This is the Final Fantasy game that took the series from it 's fantastic roots on the Super Nintendo into the heights of RPG legend . This game set the standard for RPGs in 1997 , a standard which it has maintained since then . The combination of adult themes , superb deep characters , a riveting storyline , and < at that time > simply unparalleled graphics made it the highest grossing RPG for the 1990s . The story revolves around a host of memorable characters
 This game brings back memories of when jason came over my house with his PS1 memory card and he was playing parappa the rapper in the basement and he was cool and this little girl she was a baby back then and now she should be around 9 years old well she was sucking on the memory card and when we put the card in everything was deleted LOL !!!!!!!!!!! and this game is great from graphics , to gameplay , to music . it has everything . you want a love story it has it . you wan na cry , it has it . you wan na feel good , it has it . everything it has to offer . the only this it doesnt have is for attracting ignoramouses that overlook the game and only care about whats new and graphics . and mike used to like it and he is in SOG 4 LIFE !!!
 As a video game perfectionist , I have played this game repeatedly over and over and over again in the past 8 years it 's been available for two reasons . One , to experience the game that it is again and again ... this game never gets old or boring ... EVER . I 'll be 80 years old and I would turn to this game to play it instead of helping the wife find her dentures.The second reason is because I am currently in a play-through of this game that I intend to make the absolute PERFECT file ... and I am actually 2 Chocobracelets and 1 Precious Watch away from doing so.By perfect -LRB- and I could go on forever here , since it took me forever without cheating whatsoever to achieve perfection -RRB- I mean EVERY ITEM , -LRB- Vagyrisk Claw , Earth Mallet , Fourth Bracelet , Behemoth Horn , or Umbrella anyone ? Those are just a few of the rarest items int he game -RRB- ALL AVAILABLE MATERIAS -LRB- set up on all 8 characters with the perfect combination so you can go into any and all battles , press attack once or cast Knights of the Round once , put the controller down , and go take a leak while the game beats itself -RRB- Also , I have 99 of all the items possible to have 99 of ... except some of the weapons and armor ... you do n't really need 99 Gold bangles or 99 W-Machine guns ... one of each weapon and 8 of each armor will suffice ... one for each character.And lastly , and this is the hardest and most important to achieve - 255 status of EVERY possible stat - Strength , Speed , Luck , Vitality , Spirit , and Magic ... I 've spent over 600 hours alone in the crashed Gelnika morphing enemies for the sources to max out my stats ... and it is no easy task ... you 'll need to morph about 170 Unknown 1 's for Power Sources PER CHARACTER , 210 Poodlers for Speed Sources PER CHARACTER , 230 Bad Rap 's for Luck Sources PER CHARACTER , 170 Unknown 2 's for Guard Sources PER CHARACTER , 180 Serpents for Mind Sources -LRB- the hardest one to obtain -RRB- PER CHARACTER , and 170 Unknown 3 's for Magic Sources ... PER CHARACTER . So in the end you 're looking at morphing over 9,000 enemies ... fun fun fun ... but if you 're dedicated -LRB- or insane , whatever you like -RRB- like me ... it can be done.I love this game so much , and am so dedicated from all these years , I could go into a boss battle stripped of all materia and weapons and armor and not take a hit ... and win the battle with ease . 255 Luck evades all enemy hits on me ... 255 Strength guarantees a hell of a hit on the enemy in retaliation for even thinking they can touch me . Not to mention the 255 Speed ... allowing me to get in sometimes 2 or 3 hits on the enemy before they can even notice who just killed their pathetic a $ $ ... heheGraphics , sound , playability , controls ... etc. ... all 10 out of 10 . -LSB- ... -RSB- Do n't miss out on the experience that is Final Fantasy 7 !!!
 Three words
 People if you enjoy final fantasy games dont be stupid and not get this one . This is one of the best ones there is . It has the best characters -LRB- cloud -RRB- and the sweetest summons . You dont only get bahamut but u get neo bahamut and bahamut zero whitch is awsome . The graphics are pretty sweet especialy the FMV 's . Also seperioth is one of the coolest final fantasy villans there is unlike some lame monster like sin in FFX . The music is also kickass and the bosses and battles are awsome . Another thing is theres hidden characters and so much to do like beat the weapons and stuff even though there really hard its a cool challenge . Final Fantasy Fans PLEASE pick this one up no matter wut !
 I bought this game when it was first released in the US in 97 ' . and to this day i still play , and it never get old . If you like RPG 's and the Final Fantasy series , you will love this game . Final Fantasy is truly a classic ...
 ... it is . from beginning to end it engrosses you into the epic storyline . I reccomend this game to anyone looking for a great story . the graphics arent much except during the movies . I definetly would not reccomend this to anyone who is less than halfway intelligent , or has no time to play -LRB- I played for months doing extras before finishing it , which in itself was no where near easy . -RRB- the characters in this game are what keeps it alive . they each have there own personalities and way of doing things . I found the `` bad guy '' -LRB- i dont think hes that bad , but thats a different story ... -RRB- to be the most interesting . the story unfolds as you go and you find that everything happened for a reason . o.k. now i 'm done ranting about my favorite game .
 Once I played Final Fantasy VII I was great at it is my best game I have . I like the music , I like the graphics , and I like the story of the game .
 Final Fantasy 7 is the best game ever . The story is complicated but easy to understand while you play the game . The movies are very well done and exciting.The caracters are well designed and very realistique.Final Fantasy 7 , a masterpiece .
 This game has the best graphics , the best and unique characters , and the best never can beat storyline.I have played this 300 hours . -LRB- or more -RRB- and still hav ` nt gotton bord.this IS the best game ever created of all time !
 one thing i have always admired bout ff games they make you feel a part of the game story line beautiful cinematics and graphics are totally great my fave charater is red_XIII HE RULES really and certain parts will have ya crying laughing even wanting to get revenge on sephiroth the villian of the game but the ultimate weapon is the most coolest bad dude i ever seen in a game the graphics on him alone i was afraid of that thing and the summon monsters makes the game fun having monsters on ones side rules i am not only a metal fan but a serious gaming fan so i recommmend tis highly to everyone . .
 This is amazing . I LOVE this game . It has a great plot , fun gameplay , and amazing characters . The cinematics pull you into the game and make you sad and happy . This is the best game in the universe .
 If you like RPG 's , this game is a must have . It 's like reading a novel you ca n't put down . There are times you laugh , get mad , and even cry ! Ok , maybe some people do n't like the materia system , but they must admit the story more than makes up for it -LRB- I 'm not saying I do n't like it ! -RRB- . Cloud is the best character I 've ever seen ! And the graphics and hugeness of the world are amazing ! You got ta play it to belive it !
 This game is by far one of the best RPG 's playstation has ever seen . While it is not as realistic as Final Fantasy 8 , It has a better and more intersting storyline . You really start to love the characters and you get alot more side missions to do . Final Fantasy 7 really allows you to get into the characters while in FF8 you just meet them but get little history . I 've played this game several times over and while it is difficult at times , it is good for a first time RPG player and a good challenge for experts . Also the fights call for you to use a wide variety of tactics . In FF7 you really do depend on enemy 's weaknesses to certain attacks , but in FF8 very little is really effected by this part of the game . You 'll also find a good musical score that will stick in your mind and as a side feature , you get 2 new bosses not found in the Japanese Version . This games is defenately awsome .
 FFVII is definetely better than FFVIII and is a lot more fun to play . It has an exciting story line with plenty of plot twists and the materia system works real well because no one character is the strongest like in other RPG 's . All the characters are very interesting and you never want to just stop playing it like you do in the middle of FFVIII . The game is also very emotional and makes you feel anger , pitty , and even lust for certain characters -LRB- even though the girls in FFVIII are definetely better -RRB- . The sidequests are also really fun and rewarding , unlike in FFVIII . These are the reasons why any one who loves great stories , fighting , killing , and girls with nice bodies will love this game .
 This game is the BOMB ! You got to get it it has the best music and background graphics.It grabs the compition throws it in the air and slams it throgh the EARTH ! Sorry I got caried away , what I am trying to say is if you dont have this game go get IT ! Sorry I got caried away agin.Anyway Get this game you wo n't regret it ever.You should also try FF8 and 9 well that is what i had to say by .
 It Rocked ! Even after I played 8 -LRB- 8 kinda -LSB- lacked -RSB- -RRB- I still play this game !
 THIS THE GAME OF THE CENTURY !!! Never mind FF8 or the others , THIS GAME BLOWS THEM ALL OUT OF THE WATER !!!!!!! Who the heck would argue with that ?!?! FF8 might have a tiny , teeney bit better graphics , BUT THAT 'S ABOUT IT !!! It is the best GAME EVER !!!! It 's got everything you 'll ever need in a game!I still have n't even finished it!But I 'm hopin ' till my mind splits -LRB- ouch -RRB- for them to make a sequel or a movie!And do n't even think about gettin ' FF9 because all it 's got is good graphics and it 's probably a bunch of crap!So buy the game for Cripes sake !
 I left a review in the computer section , and let me just say that although i put 5 stars for that -LRB- it deseved it -RRB- i would give this version 6 stars if i could . Like i said in my other review , this game is great fun and has a mind warping plot . However , i like the playstation version even better than the computer version . It is the best RPG ever created . Better than final fantasy anthology , and final fantasy VIII . By the looks of it , it will truly be the best final fantasy game ever !!!
 What else is there to say other than that it 's the best game I 've ever played . This game was my first game as playstation , and I still play time to time . Graphic , sound , and storyline are all very good . If you did n't buy this game yet , BUY IT TODAY !!! It 's a must have game for any gamer in this world !!!
 This game has good graphics and the storyline is amazing . This is the best Playstation game I 've ever bought . I still play it now , even though it 's old . I 've even got some of my friends hooked . If you do n't mind playing hours and hours of a great game , you should definitely buy this .
 I must admit that FFVII is the very best RPG , no game I have ever played . From the beginning it 's interesting , and offers a ton of excitement . This game has comedy in it , romance , tragedy , and awe . The characters talk like real people , not using proper English , cursing , etc. . The music I felt , was very good , especially during the 3rd disc . Graphic wise , FFVII is still the best . The cinematic parts are great , as well as the battles . Summons are also cool . The Materia idea , makes the game very interesting . However , I am a skilled RPG ` er and this game was n't much of a challenge , I played it the first time and never once got a game over . Even when you have a serious mission , there 's always time to go to the Golden Saucer , a sort of Las Vegas , mini-game . After , beating the game , there is still so much to do and try . FFVIII , is really quite pathetic in my view , when trying to compare it to 7 . 7 is easier , more fun , and not so serious all the time , because , face it 8 is just a humorless , romance , which is too serious . The characters are also more deep , they have more personality and attitude . If you want a game , that is easy to pick up , addicting , and fun , 7 is your game !
 If there is one game I can claim got me hooked on Playstation , it 's this one . On a scale of one to five , I would give it a seven . So far there has been only one thing I have disliked about the game . That is the lack of save points in some areas . That was remedied one I got out of Midgar and onto the world map . The graphics are wonderful everywhere but the world map . If you have never really cared for RPGs , well play this with its almost unlimited possibilities and tell me you do n't like RPGs . If you 're a beginner , then you have the ability to slow down the battles giving you time to find what attack you want to use , or what magic you want to wreak havok with . One of the best things is the length of the game . I have always been good at RPGs , and can usually beat them within a month . Well it 's been two weeks and from what I 'm told , the hard part is yet to come !
 This game is really awsome because the movies look so good . This game is mostly about a 21 yr . old man named Cloud . Cloud is in your party most of the time . This is mainly about Cloud chasing after his enemy Sephiroth -LRB- one of the best villians ever -RRB- before he destroys the planet . The graphics of the movies and the story line are to die for . The only bad thing is the way the characters look when not in an FMV . If you like adventure and want a great story line this is the perfect game for you .
 I got this game the day it came out and to this day i still play it and I 'm sure i still have n't done everything . This was my first RPG and with all the twist 's and turn in the plot and the characters this game had everything ! nuff said
 I love this game . It is absolutely THE BEST vg i have ever played.Follow the life of Cloud Strife , an ex-soldier who joins AVALANCHE , a club who is full of crime fighting agents such as Tifa , Barret and Yuffie . One time on a dangerous mission , he meets Aeris , a flower girl from the slums.they THEN set out on an adventure to defeat Shinra !
 This is definetly one of the greatest games ever made - but remember its gotten quite old now , and for diehard RPG fans this game is not that great .
 title says it all . the final fantasy games that followed this one just were n't anywhere near as good . everything about this game is pure gold .
 this is the 2nd bess Final Fantasy in the entire series . Only Final Fantasy 3 -LRB- US -RRB- beats this . the story is absolutely the best in the series next to FF3 . it is sad and exciting . this is definately a hall-of-famer in the game world : -RRB-
 this game is simply to big for words -LRB- so i 'll write a lot and make it as big as the game ... jk -RRB- this game was my first addictive game i would play for hours on endi got to disc 3 in one day disc 2 took me 1 hr thanks to my ff7 strategy guide that i also wrote a reveiw for with a chocobo guide . anywayif your thinking -LRB- `` i wonder what old school games are like '' our `` I wonder what was playstations best rpg and if i could play it '' then u need this game and the offical strategy guide and you will want to look at the reveiws on it before u get theres something in there about a major plot spoiler or something
 After being on the SNES for a number of years , Nintendo and Squaresoft split up and Square created its own game console , the Playstation . And FF7 just might be the best game ever made for it . FF7 defined what an RPG should be , with an intricate storyline , characters with attitude , an addictive battle system , and everything else that makes an RPG worth playing . This is what RPGs should look , play , and feel like , but it seems like none are as good as this one . The action starts from the very beginning , starting with a terrorist group called AVALANCHE on their way to destroy a power plant called a Mako Reactor , which sucks the life out of the planet in order to provide the people of the city Midgar with electricity . These Reactors are spread across the world , and AVALANCHE 's main goal is to destroy all of them to save the planet . However , a creation of the Shinra , Inc. company has come back to haunt them
 U people who diss it r bloody mad ! ` ohhh , its got bad graphics ' u say , well it has n't but it did come out in 1997 so of course they r a bit dated but who cares ? U will say FFX has got rubbish graphics in a few years time so what does it matter !? The story is great as are the characters , it has one of the best bad guys ever and is alot better than FFX -LRB- not that i didnt like FFX -RRB- U have got to give it a chance , like alot of rpgs they start slow but then build up and boy does this story get good . RPGS are more than graphics , the story and gameplay are the most important aspecs.People giving it one star are bloody muppets . Nuff said mate.Play it .
 This game sets the standards for all RPGs in general . The perfect story , gameplay , and graphics -LRB- at the time -RRB- were outrageous ! I know , I was 9 at the time . Anyways , its was a lot better than VIII-X -LRB- IX sucked ! -RRB- A must play game and a great one for starters in RPGs . Also , the knew Final Fantasy VII
 I agree with Yojimbo . What are you guys blabbing on about?The only thing you guys -LRB- the 1/5ers -RRB- have to say about this game is that ` omg teh grafix r teh sux ! 111 ' But , really , who cares ? As far as I 'm concerned , graphics are there to push or motorize the game and keep it from being all text . Think about it , although FFVII may not be the most ` visually pleasing ' game out there , it 's not the graphics hinder the story or the gameplay or the music any . I 'll ask you guys , what do you think makes us like it ? Maybe you should play it , and instead of invoking that ` I 'm going to hate it ' mindframe , try to enjoy it . Few other games could inspire hundreds of thousands of fansites and hundreds -LRB- thousands ? -RRB- of fanshrines . There are times when FFVII wants to be graphically enhanced -LRB- FMVs -RRB- and those are executed and designed quite spectacularly . It 's the second Final Fantasy to get a sequel -LRB- Final Fantasy VII
 WELLLLLL ... THIS IS YOUR TICKET ! Final Fantasy VII is the ultimate in what is the most successful -LRB- and also greatest -RRB- series of role-playing games of all time ! There are all sorts of pros to the game , but only a few cons ... and the cons barely matter!Pros : - An incredible story.-Deep and engaging play.-Beautiful battle graphics and CG cinemas.-Plenty of subquests.-VERRRRY lengthy ! - Unique characters.-Hollywood-worthy music.-Plenty of plot-twists . Cons -LRB- there are few -RRB- : - Sometimes a bit tedious-Battle system is a bit flawed.-Terrible land animation.-If you devote your life to gaming , you may have to say goodbye to your family and friends.The bottom line
 I do n't know where to even begin my praises for FF7 because everything about it is exceptional . The graphics are probably the first thing one should notice . The characters look much like blocks of polygons , but the backgrounds are sweeping and beautiful and the FM7 's are seamless . The music is orchestral and extremely emotional -- Aeris 's theme is my favorite , but one ca n't forget One Winged Angel , which really heightened the feeling of the final battle.But my favorite part is the plot . In its complexity it is beautiful -- there is no possible way to understand it until one has played it more than once . It talks so much of self-sacrifice and giving oneself for a greater cause ; of self-doubt and self-searching ; of the greater knowledge and wisdom that the planet holds . The characters ' lives and pasts weave in and out of each other and each event sets off another deeper into the future .
 This game is amazing . The plot rocks , The battle system is perfect , The characters are endearing , It 's just flat-out fun to play ! I 'm telling you this is a must have game if you like rpgs . And if you do n't like rpgs buy this game anyway ! It rocks ! So it does n't have a pause function . Big deal ! This game blowes away all other ps1 rpgs like a tumbleweed in a hurricane ! Take a tip from me . Go buy Final Fantasy VII . it 's the best rpg on the ps1 !
 The Plot Is What This Game Is All About . This Game Is One Of The Greatest Ever Made . Battle System Is Fun ... It 's Challenging ... Puzzles On It Are Fun And The Plot Has So Many Twists ... Even Though PS One Is Obselete I WOuld Reccomend Buying A Playstation And This Game For The Soul Purpose Of Just Playing .
 okay , as you already know , this game has received a greatest hits NOT for graphics , but for GAMEPLAY and STORY . the complete idiots who gave this one star obviously know nothing about real games , and they probably spend their time playing final fantasy VIII , the single worst RPG ever conceived -LRB- and 8 is my lucky number too ... -RRB- . Final Fantasy VII is a phenominal story about an ex-mercenary soldier named Cloud Strife joining up with an underground resistance -LRB- avalanche -RRB- to help people in the city and stop the evildoers trying to destroy them . later on , after hours of non-stop fun gameplay and twists in the story , * SPOILER HERE * Aeris is stabbed in the back by sephiroth * SPOILER END * and that FMV scene is the first and so far the only video game to ever force me to shed a tear . i remember i was 9 when i got the game , and after reaching that part i cried , saved , shut it off , then went to hug my mother : -RRB- as this DEFINATELY does not match up with final fantasy VI , it rivals with the second best RPG ever made
 If you are a RPG fan , then I am almost postive that you have played this . If you have not , then you should go back and enjoy it . Get over the fact that it wont shock you with amazing shiny and flashy graphics , and use your mind to enjoy this game . It is an interactive book . A gripping storyline , one that you wont even comprehend to its entirity the first time around . I have been playing this game for 7 years and thier is one particular red sand demon that I just cant beat ... And by the way , if it is your first time playing the game , DONT YOU DARE GET A STATEGY GUIDE , it will ruin your experience and after all , the fun in a game is figuring it out for yourself .
 It seems as though all the gamers these days have become retarded . I know that this game is old , but it is still the best RPG of all time . In my eyes it 's the best video game ever . When you break down an RPG you are left with several components . These components are as follows
 Ok , well many people say that this game sucks because of the crappy graphics . well this game is not just the graphics its the est i 've ever played . Most of the people that reveiwed this game as a one - two star game have probobly never gotton out of midgar . I for one thought it was not the gratest but once you get to the middle of disk one like gold saucer it is truly amazing . The plt gets bigger and bigger and than your hooked.And to all of the people that gave this a crappy rating and never got anywere and think it sucks because on the `` crappy graphics '' the end movie has amazing graphics .
 They really hit the mark on this one ! ... characters , storyline , play , music , graphics ... everything just superb for its time ! I played this game over and over again just to play it . It 's a fun game , but out of all the times I played it I could never defeat the Ruby Weapon . I think he 's like impossible or something ! LOL But even so , that was n't much of a let down because the rest of the game was so cool . And Sephiroth ... what a perfect villan . He looked pretty cool ! If you 've never played any of the FF series -LRB- and even if you have -RRB- , this is a definite ` must have ' !
 So far , I have only played this game for a little while . The graphics are pretty bad , but at least they have 3D battle animations , which can look quite cool . The game utilizes the very fun Active Time Battle system used in most Final Fantasy games , and even newer versions of RPG Maker . Basically , you waitt for a gauge to fill before attacking , casting spells , etc. . One problem I have is the very obvious recycling of maps , such as the reactors , or nearly every room in the train tunnel being exactly the same . Then again , it 's understandable , due to te amount of time it would take to program a 3 disk game if they did n't do that . Another plus is the main character , Cloud Strife , who is cool and a `` bad@ss&quot; -LRB- He actually explains controls to the tutorial people , not the other way around -RRB- So far , I am liking this game a lot , even though I 'm new to Final Fantasy .
 Awesome game . It 's hard to even explain . Just go get it , and you 'll see how great it is , and how it carries on the final fantasy tradition .
 I have played this game for about 25 hours and all i can say is `` wow ! '' . This game is excellent - it has everything you 'd want from a game . The best thing , in my opinion , was definitely the storyline . The excellent storyline , huge world , hard bosses -LRB- yet beatable -RRB- , are a few of the things that the developers did so perfectly . The boss difficulty is usually perfect . Like when i beat a boss , i beat it usually around the 3rd-5th try and i usually end up with barely enough health ! The random battles are not that frequent , thankfully , yet they are enough to raise your experience points enough and you get to do plenty of exploring in between them . And if you are starving for random battles cuz you want more exprience points , you 'll get them . The graphics were excellent for its time but sometimes you have a far view from your character models which make the graphics look REALLY sloppy and all you see is a bunch of scribbly polygons . Also , when you are exploring the world map , it has pretty sloppy graphics as well and could have used some work . The graphics really arent that bad though due to excellent backrounds , FMVs , and decent -LRB- although blocky -RRB- character models . But i really dont care about graphics that much , its just that they are the only real complaint -LRB- although not a bothering one , in fact i shouldnt be even calling it a `` complaint '' -RRB- -RRB- i can think of . But seriously folks , this game is downright excellent . I cant stop playing it . If you have little self-control this may lose you your job -LRB- well , not really but it will make you wan na go home during it -RRB- and if you are a student you may find yourself doing your homework really late cuz you 'll want to spend a good couple hours everday after school playing this game . If youre anything like me , when youre not playing this game you 'll be THINKING of it all day mostly due to the incredibly awesome storyline . After what i 've played I must say this is probably my 2nd favorite game of all time -LRB- 1st is zelda
 I 'd like to tell you about how great this game is , but you could easily read more objective reviews than some fan boy 's -LRB- like myself -RRB- rantings . However , reviews dont make much of a difference when it comes to this game . You could read all you want about it and you still wouldnt have the faintest idea of how truly fantastic this game is . By now , the game is dirt cheap and can still be played on the PS2 , so buy it . You 'll thank yourself . if you dont have a PS or PS2 I would recommend buying one just for this game .
 You Got ta love it ! The Characters were brilliantly made . As soon as I played it , it just chucked me right into the story line . You are crazy if you do n't like this game . This is the game that got me into final fantasy , FF VIII is a money consuming rip-off compared to it . As I said , You got ta love it !!!
 I would personally recommend this game to new and old RPG players . It has excellent gameplay and a powerful storyline , with of course , good graphics.The game begins with an original plot , however over time the player , and characters themselves find it constantly changing . The game is an absolutely great buy , there is no reason anyone should NOT buy this game .
 I first played this game when I was about ten and it was my favorite game now I 'm playing it again at age fifteen and even though it however many years old and I 'm playing it through an enulator that makes it look like ... it still is my favorite game ever . In fact I like this game so much that I 'm gon na buy it again on computer since I sold my playstation .
 The train pulls up into the station in Midgar . Two men hop out and KO the two guards standing at the station . Following them comes Barret Wallace , and you ... Cloud Strife . The organization known as SHINRA has placed Mako Reactors around Midgar . Mako , is a source of energy from the Earth and the Mako Reactors suck the energy out of the Earth . You , Cloud Strife , once a member of SHINRA 's elite fighting force SOLDIER , has know become a mercenary , and a reluctant member of the rebel band called AVALANCHE . At first , your goal seems to be the destruction of the Mako Reactors , but an evil force that haunts Cloud 's past has returned . The infamous ... Sephiroth . This game has an incredible story , great graphics for the time it was made , 1997 , and an overall perfection . Well , I guess anything can get better , but believe me , this game rocks .
 I think that this is truly one of the best rpg 's of all time for the PS . It is very fun and addicting I have played it for around 60 hours and it is still good . It takes a while to beat and get everything so you should play this game for a good amount of time so it is worth buying . Also the summonings in this game are cool . The only down side is that the cg 's they are alright for when it came out but now . Other than that this is proably one of the best games I have ever played for the PS .
 Final Fantasy VII is just an incredible game , and is currently my favorite Playstation game . What can I say ? With a compelling , intricately designed storyline , awesome , amazingly detailed graphics , INCREDIBLE music , and a deep , innovative magic system involving a substance called materia , this game is absolutely fantastic . If you do n't already own it , than go out and get it now . Do n't worry about renting it first ; there is no need . Final Fantasy VII is that good .
 This game is the best game ! I was reading some of the other reviews , and most people rated this game a 5 . I found a couple people that said this game wasnt that great . All i have to ask you is , WTF were u thinking ??! Some people complain that the graphics arent that great ... well ya know what , its called ART , and if you think an animated character has to look like actual people , well im sorry , people like to use there imagination . First off , i dont even have this game , i borrowed it from a friend 2 years ago , then deleted my file sometime later that year , and borrowed it again a year later ! I noticed a huge difference the second time i played it . It is still the best game out there , to date . BUY IT !
 Final Fantasy 7 is a masterpiece . What a cliche ! Masterpiece ; a term suggesting the undisputed magnum opus of an already venerable company . Many things gain this mark , but few live up to their expectation . Final Fantasy 7 does.In many ways , Final Fantasy 7 is far from perfect . The graphics , compared to today , are dated , grainy , and harsh . The storyline reeks of cliche-ridden overtones . The characters seem generic . However , this is all a product of subsequent games.Final Fantasy 7 defined the 3D graphical engine used in almost all of today 's RPGs . Its characters , still fresh , were very unique , emotionally unstable , and enjoyable to read about . The storyline spins off numerous tangents and undertones that suggested a fully functioning , realistic world that presents real-life human troubles.This is far from a typical RPG . From its conception , it redefined the genre and introduced the RPG to about 3 million new gamers . Saying that Final Fantasy 7 single-handedly elevated RPGs from niche to mainstream status would be far from an erraneous statement.Considering all of these things , a person skeptical about playing Final Fantasy 7 should grant reconsideration . Though it is far from the prettiest and most unique of games , it does represent the model that all of today 's successful RPGs follow . And , in this case , the model is more radiant than its spinoffs .
 This is must have game for any gamer . It is the holy grail among RPGs . This is one of the few games i can pick up any time and still enjoy playing it . It has all the things a good RPg should have - a good story , a good battle system , and most importantly for me good characters . It is , in my opinion and many others , the best in the series and the most fun to play.Even if you dont like RPGs you should still play this game - thats how good it is . And if you do like RPGs and you dont have this game you should slap yourself . Bottom line - play this game you wont regret it . It is an adventure you wont soon forget-guaranteed .
 This is a must have game for any gamer . It is the holy grail among RPGs . This is one of the few games i can pick up any time and still enjoy playing it . It has all the things a good RPg should have - a good story , a good battle system , and most importantly for me good characters . It is , in my opinion and many others , the best in the series and the most fun to play.Even if you dont like RPGs you should still play this game - thats how good it is . And if you do like RPGs and you dont have this game you should slap yourself . Bottom line - play this game you wont regret it . It is an adventure you wont soon forget-guaranteed .
 This is the best adventure game in the world . It is filled with magic , characters and role playing . It has bosses , they are the main enemies you fight in the game . If you hate blood , do n't worry there is no blood in this game . If you are looking for a game , this is the game you need .
 this video game has the coolest enemy ever!this beats ff8 , ff9 and ff10 by far!There are 2 secret characters , theyre simple to get though ... You should get it !
 I bought this game and I loved it . The graphics could be better but the plot just keeps you guessing . If you like Final Fantasy games you should like this one . You will need a memory card though .
 this was the first real rpg game i owned . when i got my psone , it was the game i got with it . AND I LOVED IT ... The story is great , the battle system is awesome , and it isnt the greatest rpg of all time , but it sure is one of the best . so if u 're on of those people who is into graphics , u probably would n't like this game , but if u r just lookin for a great rpg ... GET IT !
 This is the best game I have ever played . No game has even come close . It has an incredible story , detailed characters , a soundtrack that 'll BLOW you away . This game will make you laugh and cry . It is the perfect game . If your not sure what game to buy , do n't waste your time thinking about it , just buy this game . -LRB- Note
 If you 've never played an RPG before , this one will spoil you rotten . This is where I really started , and I 've been trying to find stuff like this one ever since . If you 're new at this stuff , but would like to nestle inside of a safe non-threatening experience in the RPG realm , look no further . This is the Cadillac of RPG 's . It 's easy to play ; gives you ample opportunity for increasing your skills , and really touches base with many gaming experiences including fighting , racing , puzzle-solving , strategizing , etc. .
 Well , where do I begin ? Final Fantasy 7 is a great game . Duh , you knew I 'd say that , I gave it the stars , what else could I say ? To tell you the truth , this game does have faults . But hey , what does n't ? Here 's the bad news first . The game has cheesy dialogue , a plot that while always changing , can be confusing to beginners . The graphics ai n't to good and the beginning can be somewhat ... slow . But hang on , there 's good to counter that bad . Cheesy dialogue , yes , but hey , we all want something cheesy that plays on emotion every once and a while . The plot is deep and will keep you going . The graphics are n't the worst and after a while , you doe n't even notice it . And the game picks up quickly . There are tons of twists and turns and stuff -LRB- all kinds of stuff -RRB- which will have you forever searching . I advise you get the players guide . But this is a beautiful moder/future/fantasy that reall hit home . Get it . I demand you do .
 I found the only challenge to be the weapons and the final showdown with sephiroth . This was a great game but way to easy to play because i played Phantasy Star prior to this . On the other hand it had a slew of extra missions and hidden items and stuff to play for . Find the ribbons and sephiroth will be a lot easier to fight . I found two . The graphics were terrible , lets not lie ok ... and to add insult to injury there was never a remake . In a way it makes me hate the game a bit more than i already do , even though it was a game i spent most my time with ...
 Well i played this game all the way threw when i was 12 so i was looking for it and its a hard to find game but the seller said it was mint condition case was dirty and broken disc 2 has a small crack in it so i finished disc one and im unable to continue to play it it came with the stragedy guide both for $ 60 not a bad deal just dissappointed that i cant continue to play it not sure if it crack during shipment or if it was like that its gon na be hard to just find disc 2 to for sell this game is the best rpg besides the graphics sucks but music and the story line and details of each characters are very good for example ff13 has very good graphics but the story line sucks and has no world map so u aint free to roam all over like how you can in ff7 they should of made it like that your suppose to progress the details in newer games not take things away
 You have any interest into RPG games at all ? You have a mature love for the classic games on the original playstation ? This is the best of all time .
 If you still have not played this game and you have even the slightest interest in role playing games or video games in general , do yourself a favor and pick up a copy of this game ! If you have a Playstation 3 and internet access you can get a digital copy off of PSN for ten dollars , which is a true bargain for this magnificent piece of gaming history . I can not say enough good things about it , everything is top notch , even the graphics for its time which is now thirteen years ago . In all my years of gaming I have yet to come by any game that I even remotely enjoy as much as this one . I have played through this nine times and each time I find something I missed the last time , it is seriously that big ! This game also has it all , a great cast of characters , an addicting , deep and rewarding battle system , a fantastic soundtrack by the legendary Nobuo Uematsu , hidden characters and quests galore , one of , if not the most moving cinematics in gaming history , if you are willing over three hundred hours of gameplay if you want to build all of your characters ' stats to the max 255 , and an epic plot to save the world from an evil planet destroying corporation and the best villain of all time , Sephiroth . I truly can not reccomend this game enough , it is honestly a MUST PLAY !
 Simply stated , in my opinion , Final Fantasy VII is the greatest game ever . It has incredibly memorable characters ; a gripping , epic storyline ; one of the greatest villains ever devised in Sephiroth -LRB- seriously , this guy is EVIL ! -RRB- ; and also can brag about having the most shocking moment in video games . Once this game gets a hold of you , there 's no letting go until the end.I 'll admit though , that FF7 is not perfect ; it has it 's faults . The graphics for one -- everything is blocky and kind of cartoonish , but it 's a con that I 'm willing to overlook . Also , the ending is kind of sudden and rushed . FF8 and FF9 have epic endings that have to rank up there with the best , but FF7 's is n't anticlimatic . The game just kind of ... ends.But all in all , FF7 is an extremely great game . If you have n't played it yet , by God , do so !! If you have ... it 's time to play it again .
 Final Fantasy 7 for playstation is a good game . It 's 3 dics game . Some may think it 's stupid or dumb but i like the game
 Words alone ca n't express my love and passion for this game ! There is so much at work here . I ca n't think of ANY other game ... past , present or future , that has had so much of an emotional and profound impact on me then FFVII ! The only characters I did n't like were Cait Sith and Yuffie -LRB- The Materia stealer . -RRB- I sometimes wonder how the story would have turned out if Aeris HAD N'T died . If only Cloud had pushed her out of the path of Sephiroth 's masamune -LRB- that LOOOOOOONG sword of his . -RRB- Oh , well . She 's in a better place now alongside her first love interest Zack.This games replay value is EXTREMELY high . The Materia system is ingenious , and there are so many side quests , optional bosses -LRB- Ultima , Emerald and Ruby Weapon . All of them HARD as HELL -RRB- , level 4 limit breaks and master weapons for ALL characters , that it will keep you occupied for at LEAST a month ! I had to play and beat the game several times just to fully understand and comprehend the extremely complicated storyline . In my opinion , I think people should play and beat the game a few times BEFORE watching Final Fantasy VII
 THIS IS THE FINAL FANTASY TO HAVE . WHILE THE OTHER FANTASY 'S LIKE VI AND VIII HAVE THEIR PERKS THEY SIMPLY LACK IN COOLNESS OF HERO CHARACTERS AND OF COURSE THE VERY COOL AND EMBATTLED BAD GUYS WITH THE COOLEST AND BADDEST OF ALL TIME BEING OF COURSE SEPHROTH . YOU CAN PLAY THIS GAME OVER AND OVER AGAIN OFF AND ON AND STILL NERVER REALLY GET TIRED OF IT . IF PLAYSTATION 3 GETS TO DO A REMAKE FOR THE SYSTEM AND THEN A COUPLE OF SEQUELS THE ALREADY SUPER HUGE FANBASE FOR THIS GAME WILL SHELL OUT THE COMBINED MILLIONS TO MAKE SONY A FORTUNE . OF COURSE THE TITLE OR TITLES NEED TO BE SONY EXCLUSIVES . THIS GAME IS ONE OF THE BEST EVER MADE PERIOD AND IS DEFINITELY NOT OVERRATED .
 Well from Final Fantasy series the only games that I have play are FFIV , FFVI , FFVII and FFVIII , I liked the materia system wich allow to customize how you use magic , but the story was a little cliche , an evil corporation -LRB- Shinra -RRB- who are sucking energy from the planet , and the good guys here want to stop them . Also the evil guy -LRB- Sephirot -RRB- want to destroy and again the heroes want to stop him . Well Overall it 's one of the best rpg ever created but not the best -LRB- my personal favorite one Final Fantasy 6 -RRB- .
 You know a game is probably pretty good when it has over 1,200 reviews written about it . This review , hopefully , will be slightly different than most - I love RPGs , but never played FFVII back in the day and just completed it for the first time . So I 'm not really biased due to loving the game back in my younger years and will try to review with an objective eye.As you can probably gather from the mountain of other reviews , this was the game that , for better and worse , changed the RPG genre . The , somewhat dense , storyline basically revolves around Cloud and company in their quest to save the planet from various forces -LRB- mainly the evil company Shinra and , the very VERY evil , bad guy Sephiroth -RRB- . Several traditional RPG elements are present - battle monsters , equip magic , find new and better weapons , grind your character up , etc. . . So , what made the game different ? Basically , two things -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . The first , as talked about above , is the storyline . Yeah , it 's the typical , `` save the world '' stuff that can be found in oodles of other RPGs , but this it is different - it was deep , filled with twists and turns , and was more like an actual story you would find in a novel . Some would say the story borders on being convoluted -LRB- a complaint I have a hard time arguing with -RRB- , but it holds up well today and was nothing short of groundbreaking 10-15 years ago.The second was the amazing graphics and cut scenes . Of course , neither are nearly as good as the more recent stuff , but again it was revolutionary at the time and everybody loved it . Combining the `` fun '' elements of RPGs that were already present with a deeper story and amazing graphics and it is no wonder this is one of the most beloved games of all time.Still , the game does have its warts . First , it is a very linear story . Part of the charm of some of those early Final Fantasy games -LRB- and other RPGs -RRB- was the feeling you could explore the entire world . Here , for about two-thirds of the game , you have no control over where your characters go or what happens -LRB- it 's really like reading a book -RRB- . By the time you actually get the airship -LRB- and can really start exploring -RRB- you are just about ready for the final showdown . Plus some of the really cool weapons to found can not be obtained until you have virtually completed the game -LRB- Final Fantasy games have done this for years , and I have never understood it , what is the point of these amazing weapons when , by the time you can acquire them , your characters are so leveled up they are killing everything with ease anyway ? -RRB- . The second major issue , touched on above , is the fact that this story is tough to keep up with at times . I 've played Crisis Core -LRB- the prequel to this game -RRB- and that helped a lot , but there are times when you are just going to be like , `` what in the blue sane h * ll is going on here ? '' Yeah , the story is different , but different is n't always better.Overall , the game is one of those games that should be played by all gamers . Yeah , there are problems -LRB- the story , the somewhat dated graphics , the linear game play -RRB- , but it 's still an amazing play . By the way , you can download the game from the Playstation Store for both the PSP and PS3 for -LSB- ... -RSB- - so do not pay these insanely high prices .
 this game is great i love the game play i can never stop only when it freezes at movies THIS GAME IS GREAT
 OK LETS JUST SAY THIS GAME ROCKS THE CHARACTERS ARE GREAT , THE STORY IS COOL AND THE FIGHTING IS `` GRAET '' . YOU NEED TO GO BUY THIS GAME NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This was such a great game when I first played it . The only thing bad about it was the characters in the book did n't looke the same like in funal fantasyX were they looked just like in the stratergy guide and I mean they looked like real people , otherwise I suggest you get this game it Fabulouse !
 LET ME JUST PUT THIS IN BETTER WORDS ... `` THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY ! I SWEAR TO U , U WONT BE DISAPOINTED ! BEFORE I BECAME A FF -LRB- final fantasy -RRB- FREAK , I WAS VERY CURIOUS ... I USE TO SEE SOME OF MY FRIENDS BRINGING THE GAME TO SCHOOL AND I WAS LIKE `` U LIKE THOSE TYPE GAMES `` BUT LET ME TELL U , MY FRIEND HOOKED ME UP WITH THE GAME AND I WAS LIKE ... OH MY GOSH.I REGREAT THE THINGS I USE TO SAY ABOUT MY FRIENDS ABOUT FF GAMES.BUT AFTER PLAYING FF7 FF8 FF9 ... I WOULD SAY FF7 IS BETTER ! TRUST ME , BUY THIS GAME ! IF U DONT LIKE IT THEN I FEEL SORRY FOR U !
 i got this game right when it came out in 1997 . it was 49 $ then . and people were literaly fighting in line . when i took it home , i began to play , play , play , and play . i 've beat it 3 times and i still wan na go ` round a few more times . it 's a great game.ENJOY YOURSELF !
 This game was a bit of a let down compared to its predacessor , Final Fantasy VI -LRB- US III -RRB- . It 's still a good game , the second best one from the three released for PS -LRB- IX is the best of the PlayStation era -RRB- . The dark realism pioneered by this game made for a good story , and was much more well done than Final Fantasy VIII . The addition of FMV for the first time was also a nice new element . However , the gameplay and story still fall short of Final Fantasy VI and IX . Worth a play , especially since the price is good now .
 Yep , I love this game to death . Although I believe that everyone is entitled to their own opinions , I 'm getting really annoyed from all the complaints that `` Final Fantasy VII was n't based in a fantasy world so it was a disappointment , yada yada yada '' . Those excuses are just so tired > _ < The word `` fantasy '' is defined as ` the creative imagination ' -LRB- ie , not necessarily ` Dungeons and Dragons ' type atmosphere -RRB- . But I digress . FF7 is anything BUT a disappointment in my humble opinion . Well , perhaps that is stretching it a bit . After all , even masterpieces have their flaws , right ? And FF7 contains its own set of flaws as well , as much as I hate to admit . Namely , the death of Aerith . -LRB- I will NEVER forgive Square for killing her off in the middle of the game like that > _ < Poor Aerith ! * sniff * -RRB- After her untimely death , the plot sorta seemed to slightly go downhill . In no way do I mean that the game went DOWNHILL downhill . But the game just seemed ... as though something was missing with the absense of our beloved half-Cetra . Other than that slight mishap in plotting , the plot/storyline was a definite -LRB- ! -RRB- thumbs up . Perhaps it was the intense shock of losing a partymember whom I -LRB- as a gamer -RRB- became oh so particulary fond of that came in the way of me enjoying this masterpiece known as FF7 to its absolute fullest ? -LRB- You see where I 'm going with this whole character developement thing , ne ? -RRB- Ok , I 'm digressing again . Please bear with me . FF7 is a bit dark and it is definitely sci-fi . I found the `` dark '' aspect semi-depressing , but I never held anything against sci-fi -LRB- myself being an otaku ^ ^ -RRB- . Still , despite the fact of whether or not the story is set in a dark world , it 's highly highly enjoyable . The FMVs are still pleasing to the eye , and the romance that was thrown in for good measure > ^ ^ < was bittersweet . That ai n't a bad thing . And the gameplay , I LOVE the gameplay . The battle system and materia concept are just so simple to grasp , as opposed to the much more confusing battle system -LRB- junction -RRB- that is present in FF8 . For the most part , the characters are likeable , and while a few may be sterotypical * cough * Barret * cough * overall , their pain will become your pain and their joy , your joy , etc etc. . Although the final battle leaves something to be desired , the weapons are more than enough to fill that certain desire in . Despite the slight cons that the game carries , the good without a doubt , overweighs the bad . And goddamn , this game is only $ ... . Stop reading this review and buy the bloody game if you do n't already own it ! > -RRB-
 My Opinion
 It two words BUY IT.While that alone should be enough , I guess I 'll tell you why.This is THE greatest game EVER made . It surpasses the mighty Metal Gear Solid , commonly thought to be the greatest , by a million miles . It also wastes any other FF , RPG , Game , Movie , Book , anything!I 've finished it nine times . I 'm yet to be bored . I reckon I never will be ...
 Final Fantasy VII is the best RPG ever ! Everything in the game is great including the characters , the plot , the music , and the graphics . They are all awesome ! This is so much better than FF8 or FF9 ! I suggest you buy it right now .
 The first time I turned this game on , I played for hours upon hours . FF7 is , in my opinion , the best RPG , if not game , of all time . The graphics are amazing and the storyline is even better . Although the music is kind of annoying , it 's not too bad . I loved FF7 and put 48 hours into it all to make Sephiroth pay . The story is about a guy named Cloud Strife who used to work for a band of elite soldiers called SOLDIER . He teams up with a group of terrorists called AVALANCHE to stop Shinra , the evil corperation who is destroying the Earth for personal benefit , and Sephiroth , Cloud 's childhood idol . In this game , not everyone is what they seam and Cloud is no different.The Gameplay is fairly easy to learn as long as you understand the materia system . The fighting is good even though they did away with the old job system -LRB- if you like the js I recommend FF9 , FF5 , or FF10 -RRB- . The final boss is hard and his Super Nova attack takes like minutes just to go through the movie.FF7 is on the PS1 and is in the making for a PS2 release . With great movie graphics , awesome gameplay and a captivating storyline all about one little peice of black materia , this game is practically free at $ 10 .
 Quite possibly one of the best RPG out there for the time . It 's great if you can play throught the pain at the beginning , as It becomes much better as you go on . The game does lack a little in design of the characters , but it was excellent for the time . A pure classic . Two Thumbs up . Final Fantasy 7 launches probably what is the greatest enemy in all of the RPG even in the Video game world . Seperioth . The game has many challanges , and not to mention trying to Get the GOLD CHOOCOBO . Huh , Good luck , and if you like RPGs , your bound to love it . Five Stars , Pure classic .
 Yes , for me , FFVII is the BEST . I have played other FF games such as FFX before , but none of them can beat FFVII . FFVII is the game which kick me into this FF series and RPG abyss ^ ^ b No matter how many I played this game , I wo n't get tired of it . It 's the best and the best ever ! If you are new to RPG and FF series , play FFVII . I promise , you wo n't regret for buying and playing this game !
 All I can say about this game is WOW . Ive beaten this game twice -LRB- and Im NOT saying its easy , you need to work for it , and it PAYS off ! -RRB- ... but im never bored with it , I still play it ! And ive had this game since ' 97 ! I find it much better than the new FF games in so many ways . For one i love the story line , its so much better than FF10 and stuff which i found very , very ... well , bad to be honest -LRB- * In my opinion of course * -RRB- There are so many characters too . I believe there is 10 playable characters , and one arch enemy ... and if youve never played the game-than you should buy it and find out even more . To sum it up this game is fun and exciting to the very end . Personally I think all FF lovers out there should own the best rpg ever-Final Fantasy VII
 I loved the way this game shifted from fighting sgainst shinrato tracking down sephiroth.the graphics are second to none.it has an axcellent replay value . Ithink this is amust have for fans of rpgs
 I am not too much of a nerd , but i 've played a lot of video games . This game i have played over and over , and i still get chills . It 's like watching a classic movie , except you are in the movie . You have got to trust me on this one
 My favorite character is Sephiroth.He also makes an appearance in `` kingdom Hearts '' as the toughest boss in the game . -LRB- but i beat him ! -RRB- Final Fantasy VII is a brillant mind-blowing game.Cloud is the main character of this game.He also makes an appearance in `` Kingdom Hearts '' as 3 or 4 bosses , he 's easy.The thing is , I could n't even get past the mechanical scorpion!The game is just way too hard for me.But I beat it.The Sephiroth 's are also Hard.If you 're in for some action , buy this.Cloud is just such an amzig character , and so is Sephiroth.sincerly , kenny
 This great hits game towers over it 's predicesors and the others that will come . It dosnt start of slow it jumps right into the action when they invade shinra mako reactor number 2 . There are nine main charicters and I will just rattle them of to you
 I love this game . The first of the Final Fantasy series I ever played . No doubt , over time , better games have come out since this , but this is STILL a GREAT game . You grow to love -LRB- and hate ! -RRB- characters . You get INVOLVED with the storyline . The music is fitting , and fantastic . Giving players the ability to summon characters such as Ifrit , Odin & Bahamut , this game is TRULY going to take your breath away . The ending it FANTASTIC -LRB- but I 'm not gon na spoil anything -RRB- This will truly earn it 's keep in your favorite 's section of your gaming shelf . ^_^
 this is possible the greatest game ever , only out matched by super mario bros. 3 ! THis game is both challenging and fun . NUMBER 1 in my book of greatest hits for the PS1 !
 Ok , if you do not like this game , you are NOT a gamer . This game is obviously the best of the playstation final fantasy series . If you do not own it , what is your problem , this is a classic , and will be remembered in all us final fantasy lover 's hearts for our entire life . the story is great , and you feel a bond with the characters . BUY IT IT IS WORTH THE MONEY
 oKAY , FF gamers ... YOU MUST HEAR ME ! THIS GAME IS THE BEST ! When i started in the FF games , i bought 8 , then 9 -LRB- wow , they 're both great too ! -RRB- but my friends kept nagging me to buy 7 . I 'll tell you , there is so much more to do in FF7 than in the other two . If you do n't level up in the World map , you 're done for , you have to Race Chocobos ... it 's just too much fun -LRB- btw -RRB- and the Villian is SUPER ! The graphics may not look too wonderful , but i promise ... THIS IS REALLY , truly , honestly , -LRB- my opinion -RRB- the best RPG ever made for the Playstation ...
 This is one of the best RPG 's ever made ... if not the single best RPG . I have had this game since its release and i still play it over . Sad ... ? i dont think so . Even if the graphics are a little bit outdated this game is still the best when it comes to gameplay and story ... `` now a days '' everyone cares about how good a game looks and they buy it based on that ... most of these high budget flashy games are major disappointments -LRB- excuse the spelling :-p -RRB- but FF7 has the BEST gameplay magic system and storyline EVER written period .
 Ok this game is the best final fantasy game ever made!If you are into games made by square then you must buy this game.I have already beat it so many times , and im STILL playing it!The gameplay is awesome.The battle system is great.This is my favorite game of all time.Oh and the storyline of this game just plain out ROCKS.So you just have to buy this game .
 this is the ultiment rpg game a must have awsome story linegreat gameplay nice replay value plenty of extras great grapicsand is there anything i left out probly the greatest game i haveever playd
 yes they have made better graphics thab this , but NO ONE CAN BEAT THE STORY . I really hated the enemy . no more to say but this is a very very good game .
 this is the best best RPG and always would be i bought my first copy and it got it lost after i finnished it . I liked the damn game so much i decided to buy the PAL , NTSC , JAP and computer version for the game . it the best game you 'll ever play it has 3 disc but it 's FAR longer Final fantasy VIII and Final Fantasy XI -LRB- both have 4 cds -RRB- and the soundtrack is Superb especially the last battle . I conclude my review to say is game is AWESOME , GET IT
 Final Fantasy VII was my first RPG I ever owned . It turned out to be my favorite game I have -LRB- and I have over 30 great games -RRB- . It is fun even after you beat the game because you will try to become stronger so you can beat the two hardest creatures in the game -LRB- Ruby and Emerald Weapon -RRB-
 This game really `` IS '' the best game in existance . It is just wonderful , great , best ... I could go on like this telling how good it is , however , I can only put 1,000 words in my review . This game almost makes it to being perfect -LRB- almost -RRB- . Here are my ratings and my discription of this game.Graphics . 3 1/2 Stars : Graphics are alright . When it comes to how they look for 3D I would say `` good '' but for realism -LRB- during game play -RRB- I dunno . They -LRB- Characters and people and things -RRB- look ... not so good . However , the graphics during battles are very good -LRB- also during cut scenes/movies -RRB- Music
 This is THE RPG to get if you 're looking for one . This game beats all the other Role-Playing games out there
 I have just recently finished playing FFVII for the first time . Before playing it , I read a lot of comments from people claiming that this game is the best ever . While I do believe it to be good , I ca n't fully agree . I enjoyed FFVIII more -LRB- despite the fact that that opinion will likely discredit anything else I say in the eyes of all the rampant FF8 haters out there -RRB- , I must admit . But vastly , this was a great game.The graphics were n't wonderful , but what can you expect from the earliest of the 3D Square games ? I had played 8 and 9 before this , so the graphics were admittedly a bit of a letdown , but the story was more than enough to make up for it . I just found it quite funny how everyone 's hands looked like large boxes . ^_^ The music was good , and the character development was about as good as you can expect in a video game with more than four main characters . Even in the best of games , some characters are left undeveloped , and it is no difference here . Cloud , Tifa , and Barret get a good deal of character development , though other main characters are left less known.There were a great deal of side quests and minigames , which I enjoyed immensely . Snowboarding was my personal favorite . :--RRB- You can spend hours completeing the sidequests alone , and most people end up detouring from the plot for vast amounts of time at the Gold Saucer.The plot tended to be confusing at times , at least for the first time through . However , it was intriguing , and Sephrioth is a refreshingly evil bad guy . The final battle against him was pathetically easy -LRB- I killed him twice in a row without dying once at level 60 or so -RRB- , but up until the point you actually fight him in his final form , he 's a truely malevolent villain.I would recommend this game for any Final Fantasy fan , or any fan of RPGs in general . It 's well worth the money and time . Just because I said I did n't believe the theory that this is the greatest game ever invented does not in any way mean that I dislike it . It 's and excellent and entertaining game , and by no means should be passed up .
 I know many people believe this game is mediocre in comparison to its sequels but you really have to appreciate how well it was done for its time . With the exception of the graphics that is . The character 's actions are unintelligent-looking and the environments look like they were painted onto a blank piece of paper . Super Mario 64 was released in 1996 . It was a beautiful , full 3-D , graphic revolution . The year is 1997 . Small , ugly people who look like legos discovered as characters in Final Fantasy VII . Basically , graphics are crap . You ca n't complain about the cinematics though . The storyline is very non-linear . There is so much information tied together that it 's hard to keep track of . There are so many aspects that change so quickly . The sound is n't that great . Many of the sounds of weapons , attacks , and character actions are distorted and weird-sounding . The music is unbelievable . The famous FF composer , Nobeu Uematsu -LRB- or something -RRB- , did his best work in this edition to the series . If there is one reason for you to beat this game , it should be to hear his orchestra/chorus score -LRB- `` One-Winged Angel '' -RRB- for the final battle . The characters are great . Cloud is one character you can relate to . An ostricized , non-caring , and somewhat naive young adult trying to find his way in the world and trying to find himself . Barret is cool because his life is rundown and he swears a lot like Eminem and he looks and most likely sounds like Mr. T. It 's the perfect mix . Tifa and Aeris are too nice and girlishly naive so they 're kind of annoying . Cait Sith is a plain idiot because he operates with a giant moogle machine carrying a cat toy . Yuffie has absolutely no background and is an annoying and insignificant character . Cid debutes in this game and is way cool . It 's a shame they had to give him a new identity in each game . Red XIII and Vincent are cool because they 're cool-looking and have mysterious pasts . But by far , there has never been a villian so awesome and indispliccably evil as Sephiroth . His past is so mysterious and cool , he has the scariest compositions , he looks cool , and you will positively hate him after he kills ... The gameplay is great too . The ability to equip magic and abilities in anyway you want is very innovative and the monsters are awesome . Overall 5/5 , great game , buy it or Sephiroth will curse you for eternity !
 Final Fantasy 7 is by far one of the greatest games I 've ever played . I have beaten it atleast 10 times now , and I have not gotten tired of it yet ! Here is a little review of mine about the mother of all RPGs ... It has become more clear than ever that this game alone makes the PlayStation worth owning . Not only does Final Fantasy 7 set a new high watermark for home system graphics , but the creativity in the story , sophisticated combat , and just the general flow of the gameplay are simply mind-blowing . The story and all the secrets in the game will keep you playing forever . And the game does n't come up short in the depth department , either . As if it was n't long enough the first time through -LRB- it is without a doubt the longest RPG ever -RRB- , you will want to beat the game time and time again . This is a game you just have to have , even if do n't even know what a role-play-game is . If you 're new to the RPG world , beware that this will a difficult and complicated game for you , and you should definitely read the entire instruction book and use the mini-strategy-guide in the back it . But trust me , once you 've grown accustomed to them , there is NOTHING better than a good RPG , and calling Final Fantasy 7 a good RPG is one of the biggest understatements of all time . If you 're not an RPG fan now , you will be after playing FF7 . However , FF7 does have some small flaws . The battles are supposedly turn-based , but even with the battle speed on the `` wait '' setting , the enemies still seem to attack after a certain amount of time passes instead of following the true turn-based structure . Also , the music is very good , but it is no match for Chrono Trigger 's and -LRB- arguably -RRB- Wild Arms 's . OK , so there could have been an option for true turn-based battles and the music could have been made even better , but Final Fantasy 7 is still a worthy investment of your gaming time and dollars if there ever was one . It 's right up there with Chrono Trigger in the category of all-time classic RPGs , although I 'm not yet willing to say that it 's better than Chrono Trigger . I need several dozen more hours of playing time before making that statement ...
 Just because the entire genre of RPG does n't appeal to everyone , does n't mean it sucks as some people believe . It requires some thought which obviously some people are adverse to , but that is by no means a reason to condemn final fantasy or any other game along these lines . I enjoy Halo just fine and have played many a hour on it , but I also enjoy RPGs as well and anyone who believes these games are `` too much like chess '' is obviously using a shortcut to thinking . I play different games when I am in different moods and most people are the same way . Play the game and decide for yourself . If you like RPGs , you owe it to yourself to see the game the changed the genre 's approach forever .
 FF7 is the greatest installment in the whole Final Fantasy genre . It 's 3D graphics , badass music , and intense , deep storyline , make it a classic to all FF fans out there . This game really got me hooked on FF . I beat 2 and 3 , but they did n't pull me in like this one . This game has the coolest villian in any of the games . Sephiroth 's looks , attitude , and sword skills can really kick your ass . The music in this game is also kick ass . So I would reccomend this game to a FF beginner or a veteran because it is absolutely flawless , and i think it 's the best game ever made .
 Words ca n't describe how great this game is . This could be made into a motion picture and be a best seller . The script is the greatest from any game ever made . I have had this for 5 years and have played through it almost 10 times . Everything is perfect except for the graphics . Fortunately , the story is so enthralling that you wo n't be paying attention to them . The characters are easily lovable in this game . I will not go into the story here because I do n't want to spoil it for anyone . The main character , Cloud , comes off as arrogant at first but his growth and maturity throughout the story is simply astounding . The game spans 4 discs and is truly epic . -LRB- think Lord of The Rings -RRB- Throughout the story , you are forced to endur great happiness and love betweeen characters , only for the story to take a Romeo and Juliet esque turn for the worse . This game will have you hooked . A true emotional roller coaster . It will change you forever .
 Sure , the word `` epic '' is thrown around a lot on the back covers of games , but this game really is one . Of course , you can probably tell that from the fact that it 's three discs long . From the great music to the excellent battle system to the plot with a depth rarely seen in video games to the wonderful graphics ... okay , so the graphics are n't wonderful . In fact , they suck . The exception to the graphics comes in the fairly cool looking occasional movie scenes . Not being a huge RPG fan , I took the fairly direct route through the game . RPG extremists have a ton more to do , from raising chocobos to fighting that -LRB- expletive deleted -RRB- Ruby Weapon . Also , the special attacks are really cool . They range from fancy swordfighting techniques like cross-slash to a guy who turns into popular horror movie characters -LRB- a Jason imitation , complete with chainsaw , helped me defeat Safer Sephiroth -RRB- . Anyway , this is a great game that is worth more than twenty bucks , so get it .
 I dont kno what everyone is talkin about this game is a rite of passage . After I have played this game no game ahs ever matched up to it . I dont think that the graphics have anything to do w/the game play . The storyline is one of the most phenomenal and greatest ever made . All the characters have their own unique story line and the more you play it the more you discover about their pasts and the more you love this game . Cloud -LRB- guy on the cover -RRB- is the best hero of all time he is not a goody goody but has a secretive past and has to find out what has happened in the past . This game also wont end quickly . You start in a small city , then an area , then you have the whole globe to conquer . The only bad part of this game in my opinion is that I compare everygame to date and none compare to it but this is a one in a million game and THE BEST GAME OF ALL TIME .
 this was the best rpg i 've ever played . it kept me hooked for over 70 hours , and its replay value alone lies in just witnessing the wonderful and epic story over and over again . i just love the characters ! really good for beginning and advance rpg-players alike . a true classic .
 This game is quite possibly the best game i have ever played . It has an incredable story line . Sure , it might not have as good graphics as new games out today . But the characters , gameplay , and believe it or not replay value cant be defeated by many other Rpgs
 FF 7 is one of the best in the Final Fantasy series . Call me nostalgic , but at the time it came out , the graphics were the best in the series , which are arguably comparable to FF 8 . The graphics in line with the overall game play is what made this game so popular . The game has character development that kept you wanting to play it over and over again . Being limited to only 2 other characters in your party , mixing and matching different characters result in different dialog and responses . Additionally , the development of skills through material which advance as your progress through the game in conjunction with the large variety of materia lets you customize your play style which keeps things interesting when replaying the game . I have played the game countless times and each time I find a new way to use my materia.Compared to modern games , FF 7 has a lot going against it . Being that its from an older console and a different era of game strategies , its graphics and leveling system is rudimentary . While the story line is captivating and those like myself who are blinded by nostalgia , I believe that FF 7 has a hard time competing with modern gaming . Personally , I am not one to mess around with a classic , but I think it would be incredible if FF7 was `` digitally remastered '' without tinkering with anything else .
 FF7 is one of the best RPG 's of all time second only to Chrono Trigger . I liked the characters the story and the soundtrack . A top tier title for the time it was produced . Epic , 60 + hours of game play , you definitely got your moneys worth out of FF7 . If you killed the Ruby Weapon you could of played for 99 + hours . Good Stuff !
 This is a great RPG game for beginners and experts . You start off in a school environment and go through simple battles , learning skills etc. . By the time you are done , you are ready to take on the world . There are a number of reasons this game was fun .1 -RRB- The characters were great . Each one had its own personality . One had a pretty nice chest .2 -RRB- If you do n't know it by now , you lose a major player midway . The damn thing made me cry .3 -RRB- If you want a break , there is a fun land in the middle of it all .4 -RRB- You breed and raise chocobos for racing .5 -RRB- There are secret characters you can obtain .6 -RRB- There are very difficult optional quests once you think you know what you are doing .7 -RRB- I played it the first time with no help . The second time I used `` the book '' to discover how much I missed ... and I picked up Vincent . The second time through , using the manual , it was like a different game.This game is a great introduction into the RPG world . It took months out of my life and gave me great satisfaction . I do n't know of anyone who has played this game that does n't like it .
 This game is a classic . I had it originally , but someone boosted it from me . I was grateful to obtain another copy -LRB- albeit a greatest hits version -RRB- and intact in great condition . This game is a great story and the layout at the time when the graphics had so many limitations where outstanding . It 's definitely worth the money because it takes many hours to beat in itself -LRB- and many more if you play many side games . -RRB- Top Notch Game , That is all worth it .
 This Final Fantasy 7 is one of the most influenced games of all time . The fan bases for this one game blows out all FF fan base out of the water . Never has any other FF game seen such an influenced with multiple related games/story characters found in different games . Multiple Movies . Toys , cards , etc based on this game . Why was that all necessary for this one game?It 's just that DAMN AWESOME ! This game has everything ! Story , characters , battle system , music , humor and more ! If it did n't why else did this game influenced so many other things that followed it after ? Because it was just damn awesome!You can play this game over and over before getting tried of it , but you will keep it in your hearts forever . The amazing game play , the amazing characters , and amazing graphics . -LRB- Back in those days . -RRB- They just ca n't make anything that even comes close to what they did back then . I wish they did , but they ca n't ! It was just too well done ! lol
 Final Fantasy VII is an indisputable classic . In my opinion it is hands down the best console RPG of all time , and arguably the best video game ever made . Today 's games may have graphics that leave the quaint -LRB- some would say `` clunky '' -RRB- look of FF7 in the dust , but by and large newer games -LRB- and especially RPGs -RRB- ca n't hold a candle to FF7 in storytelling , world size , playability , character design and general game quality . FF7 's world is so vast and diverse , and there are so many different subplots and minigames , you will want to explore every inch of the planet . The storyline is epic and archetypal but not cliched , the combat is fast paced and engaging , the music is beautiful and the characters are quirky , complex and lovable in a way that you so rarely find in today 's games . After 15 years , I have yet to find an RPG that compares to FF7 . They simply do not make video games like this anymore . FF7 is a testimony to the tremendous potential of video games as a storytelling medium , a potential that `` modern '' games have by and large left untapped .
 I am only writing this review since many of the 5 store reviews are defensive positions to the condemning 1 star reviews.I placed a lot of time the FF series growing up . I still can remember the fighting Kaos , as his name was spelled in the original NES version of Final Fantasy , later corrected to Chaos in the remastered . Compared to Mario , `` the game '' at the time I was sucked into a the free roaming world , and I played each consecutive game after
 I love this game ! It has been in my top 5 favorite games sence it came out . The storyline is wonderful and the backgrounds are amazing . The graphics were cutting edge for one of the early releases on the Playstation . It seems to me that alot of people try to play this game for the first time somehow expecting a PSONE game to compare graphic wise to games that came out much later . All that having been said here is the but . I would never pay what people are asking now a days for it . Yes I still have my copy of it , I would n't even ask for the outrageous prices that are posted here online . Turn on your PS3 go over to the PSN and download it for 10 dollars . It is deffinately worth that much .
 I got this game for my boyfriend as a birthday present because his was scratched . It is his favorite game and has got me playing it as well now . It is a very fun and I am glad I got him it . It was in the the exact condition the seller had described for it and it came in a timely manner . Both are happy with the purchase .
 Squaresoft definately marked thier place on the map with this game . From the very begining FMV to the end , the story of Cloud , and his band of misfit parties memebers , completely sucks you in . This is a `` I wonder what is going to happen next game . '' I stayed up one night playing this game from 6pm until 3am . I loved every second of this game . All the characters are greatly detailed and the villian sephiroth is one of the coolest bad guys ever created . Each characer has their own story and reason for joining the quest to fight sephiroth . The weaponry in this game is enourmous , including sephiroth powerful Masuame . The summon and magic spells are beatuiful . The Limit Breaks are also eye candy . The materia system in my opinion should be a staple of RPGs for now on . There is so much to do in this game . This game had the highest replay value of any game i have ever played . I have recomended this game to many people and no one disslikes it . If you find a problem with this game then you have got a problem . This game is perfect . Thank-you squaresoft !!!!
 First of I would just like to say this game is addicting . It is my favorite game . The graphics are great , but some people may say that they 're `` out-dated . '' Besides the graphics -LRB- pluse why would anybody not play a good game just because of the graphics the theme is the best it 's non-stop twist in the plot like when someone dies because Sepheroth killed it -LRB- I will not say if it is a he or she -RRB- . But over all if you already have this game and is looking for a new game get Metal Gear Solid .
 If you want the best game in the world get this game !!!!!!!!!!! The graphics are great for a 1997 game but the story is like a 2001 so is the gameplay the characters and everything else about this game is great and will be the best game for a long time because squarsoft is the best RPG making company and there not making very good games because ff8 was so bad and ff9 is okay but ff7 is the best best best best !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get this game !!!!!!!!!!!
 Just nothing else to say . The plot is fantastic , the movie sequences incredible , every little battle entertaining . Good lord , 95 % of the crap that Hollywood produces each year stands up nowhere to this gaming masterpiece . The story is what really makes this a great game . You 'll become engrossed in the plot and the characters will consistently grow on you from the second you meet them . The only trully depressing part of this game is when you beat it and realize it 's all over .
 This by Far is one of the best and I mean BEST ever RPG 's . The graphics are off the hook and the videos are so amazing its hard to put into words . The basic thing I am trying to say is that if you are looking for a Great game and love RPG 's , then I recomend if u havent already to puschase this game . U can get stuck in places and take a while to get out but if u really try and look for things then u will be fine . Another thing I like about he game is that there are things u can get that u dont have to but it really helps your journey though the game . I give this game 8 stars but thats not possible so I gave the highest at 5 stars . This is by far one of the best , U NEED TO PUCHASE THIS AND ENJOY ALL THE FUN .
 Except for the `` Legend of Zelda '' titles , I had never experienced such depth and breadth of a gaming experience before FF7 . It was indeed the reason I got a Playstation . I had never even been a fan of true RPG games until a friend recommended this to me . The first time I put the disc in the console I -LRB- and my non game-playing dad -RRB- was blown away by the characters , play quality , plot , and of course graphics and sound . I spent one summer playing this game religiously , searching for every secret and nuance that make this game one of the best ever produced . I appreciate games that can really get me involved or transport me to within the game world itself . FF7 is one of the few that has done so .
 This game surpasses all the other game in graphics , sound , gameplay , and story . the materia system is great because you canchoose who to give your spells summons and commands . The charcters are also great like Cloud , Tifa , Vincent , Sephiroth , and The Turks . ... The storyline will keep you playing even after you have beaten the game . The towns are wonderfully animated and fun to explore . This game is the best game ever if you do n't have it your missing something big .
 I hope your family does n't mind being ignored for 60 hours or more ... 'cause trust me ... you will be so into this game that you wo n't care about anything else . The only thing that I regret about it is what SQUARESOFT did to Aeris ... she was my fave character -LRB- other than the almighty Sephiroth , of course -RRB- . The story starts in Midgar , the home of the Shinra , a buisiness that is draining the world 's energy . Midgar is also the home of AVALANCHE , a group of terrorist who want to save the world from Shinra . Guess who the hero teams up with ... What starts as the fight against Shinra erupts into a battle for the life of the planet . Our hero , Cloud , must figure out his past and defeat his worst foe to save the world . And to all of you who think the main character will always be a `` perfect '' person who never loses , you 're wrong by a long shot . Cloud is an ex-SOLDIER , ex-experiment with BIG problems with his hair . AND if you think that games that are older than two years old are stupid to buy , you are dead wrong . This is definitly worth buying . Oh , and to all of you who do n't know ... SEPHIROTH ROCKS ! He and Cid are my faves . But I 'm getting tired of his sword getting into other games w/o him being the one wielding it
 This game is the best game ever ! It 's got an amazing storyline that absorbs you so much you 'll cry when something happens to a character like Aeris ! -LRB- I wo n't tell you what happens ! -RRB- I did at these types of scenarios.With amazing Graphics , SPECTACULAR storyline , AMAZING MUSIC -LRB- REALLY AMAZING -RRB- , The best darn gameplay a game could get , Beautifully designed characters and towns , Horrible villians -LRB- Sephiroth -RRB- who are completely insane -LRB- really , I 'm not joking -RRB- and creepy ! I could rant on and on about this game but I only have 1,000 words.This game is AMAZING and you would be an idiot not to get this ! -LRB- No offense if you do n't ! -RRB- A GREAT guide with strategies and Materia links is the Brady games official FF7 Guide.It 's got Ultimate Weapons , ALL the limit breaks , Complete Bestiary , Walkthroughs that rock , Chracter Bios that let you know atons about that Character , Excellent boss strategies , Lethal Materia combos , master all the mini-games , all the materia , all the hidden areas , exclusive artwork from SquareSoft , Hidden Characters Yuffie and Vincent revealed , All the Chocobos including Gold Chocobos , the exclusive American Ultimate Weapons : Ultimate WEAPON , Diamond , Emerald and Ruby WEAPONS ! All the secrets and tons more ! also try the Versus guide It 's great!FINAL FANTASY 7 IS THE BEST GAME EVER !
 This is by far the greatest game in the Final Fantasy series and perhaps the greatest game of all time . This game definitely had the best story line of any game i 've played and the character are quite endearing . The replay value on this great RPG and the secrets are extremely high . There are many things you can do after you 've beaten the game once and decide to play it again . This game completely blows FFVIII away , which I saw as a complete letdown . Anyways , this game is a great price on Amazon and will be well worth the 60 hours it takes you to beat the entire game .
 Is the people that typically hate on Final Fantasy 7 typically rat on it because FF6 was better . The same ones who love Final Fantasy 7 say that was better . Really its just the age old battle between steampunk and cyberpunk . If you can put genre aside , and also put aside graphical limitations -LRB- For 1997 , they are obviously bad now . -RRB- I would recommend this game to anyone to play at least once . Personally I love both. :3
 The story is great . I know some people hate the old video games but this is one of the classics ! C'mon guys ! It 's pure awesome !
 This product arrived sooner than scheduled and the discs were in excellent shape . I would recommend this site to others .
 Thanks of final fantasy product give a series of game that kid enjoy for hours in a different kind of word
 bought the game cause i love the series and shockingly this game is the same age as i am feel great to hold a piece of gaming history in my hands storys great every aspect of the game is great
 Final Fantasy VII is a classic RPG . I 've played the game all of the way through multiple times throughout the years , even maxed out some attributes in at least one of my first run-throughs . The storyline is awesome , graphics were amazing for its time , and there 's much to do aside from the main storyline.It is available as a digital download on the PlayStation Store - a physical copy is good if you have the original consoles or if you want the nostalgia of having the discs .
 This is my favorite old game . This game can take well beyond 100 hours of game play . Many side quest like raising Choco Bos for racing . The best part for kids is that they have to read all the dialog . Lots of good cinema 's .
 Has it really been 15 years ? Oh the nostalgia . This game is timeless . I 've played it through about 8 or 9 times . It never gets old . What makes FF7 great is the story . Pure genius . When I played this I felt like the characters were my best friends . Final Fantasy 7 is like a good book . You relate to the characters . You get sucked into the story . You just wan na reveal what happens next . And when it finally ends , your left with a bitter sweet feeling . What an emotional roller coaster . Final Fantasy 7 changed the ball game.After playing this , nothing competes . The best game of the series -LRB- along side Final Fantasy Tactics -RRB- and also my favorite game ever . Do yourself a favor and play this game if you have n't yet . They do n't make them like this anymore !
 Everyone complains how great or how bad this game was . To me when it first came out I loved it , it was the first Final Fantasy game I played i was like 9 or 10 years old . I still like the game a lot yes now it has bad graphics but they were cool back then . The story was good but at times made you laugh . Cloud was alright but there has been better but I thought sephiroth was a great bad guy and to me the best character in the game . Yes it is long but I enjoy games that take time to beat and it was n't very difficult to beat . I enjoyed that there was a lot of extra stuff to do in the game besides the main storyline which is smoething games are missing these days.All in all I still enojy playing this game as most of the other Final Fantasy 's , my favorite is 9 to be honest . They all have good and bad things about them . So it 's not my favorite game but its still one of them .
 Oddly enough , I 've just picked this game back up to play through it and I thought I 'd see what it sells for theses days . $ 250 ! Actually , kind of worth it . I 've played this game at least once a year since it 's release in 1997 . Yep , 15 years , at least 15 play throughs , and over a thousand hours of my life spent on this game . Sounds lame , I know , but it 's just that magical of a title . It is hands down my favorite and arguably the best game ever made.Sure , the graphics are rather attrocious by today 's standards , the MIDI soundtrack is also not up to par with the orchestrated scores of today 's games , but COME ON ! For a 1997 release , it 's not bad . Plus , it 's not the graphics that will get you . The gameplay , the characters , the story , everything that makes this game what it is exceeds anything from today 's standards . In fact , Square Enix has even said that they wo n't remaster/remake it anytime soon because they feel it would remind the world what a great RPG really is -LRB- paraphrasing , of course -RRB- and kill the chance of success for future Final Fantasy titles.Don ' t let any nay-sayers fool you , this is truly the best 80 hours you could spend on a game . Just make sure you 're prepared to laugh , cry , get angry , and experience one of the best stories you 'll ever have the privelege of playing through . Then tell me if you care about the tech specs .
 I just recently bought Final Fantasy 7 for Playstation and am very happy with my purchase . This game has an awesome storyline and keeps you wanting more . Some of the graphics are really good and some are bad , but this game was made 10 years ago . The game is long which I like and has many sidequests to keep you entertained . Overall this game is great and I do n't regret buying it !
 Granted , I played this game when it first came out and I was 12 years old , but I 'm sure that if YOU are a little open-minded , and have the patience to read every bit of dialogue -LRB- as opposed to hearing voice-actors these days , which makes me not want to play anything past Final Fantasy X -RRB- , you will definately have a rewarding , immersive , personal , unforgettable gaming experience . The story is great , the music is ANGELIC , the Materia system ca n't be matched , and the side-quests will keep you busy for MONTHS . Final Fantasy VII is one of the most beautiful and pure gaming experiences . I hope many more continue to enjoy it for years to come .
 Many years have passed since I first played this amazing title . Love it or hate it , Final Fantasy 7 broke new ground in the RPG market , and games today have a lot to be thankful for that Final Fantasy 7 made possible.For those who have n't played this title , it is going to appear very dated , especially the hideously deformed polygon characters . But the backgrounds are beautiful scenes based on hand drawn pictures . The backgrounds are set , so they do n't move . Instead you move around them . It was a style used extensively on the PS1 and still used in other games today -LRB- especially on the portable systems -RRB- . Granted , many of us would love to see a remake , and that might happen someday , but not likely any year soon.I will just sum up what I love about this game , even in today 's market of amazing games -LRB- and a lot of terrible games or super easy games also -RRB- . First , the game was insanely easy . I died once on my first play through -LRB- against Lost Number before I realized what to do -RRB- , and I do n't believe I saw a gameover screen since . But the ease of the game is not an issue . There is still some challenge , and part of what makes the game enjoyable is the lack of ` cheap ' enemies . But once you get the hang of things , it is super easy.The story is amazing , and only Final Fantasy 10 has really compared . Final Fantasy 6 was such a great title , that I never thought anything could top it , but FF7 just drew me in and did n't let me go . I could n't believe the intrigue , the depth , the complexity of the story . I found myself on edge at school -LRB- I was in high school when it first released -RRB- and I could n't wait to get home to play it . When Cloud goes against Rufus near the end of the Midgar arc , I knew I loved this game . When it took over 2 hours of game play to get to a world map , I knew something was special . And when the game cuts -LRB- in real time -RRB- to the CG of Junon 's cannon , I was stunned.With the pretty games of this era , one might be unimpressed , but if you remember the era when this game was made , it broke ground that developers feared . First true epic big budget RPG with cut scene CGI . Low to zero loading times -LRB- so happy for that ! -RRB- . A central character that is killed mid way through the game . And an amazing depth of side quests and extras at the end of the game that were fun and rewarding.Going back , it may not match up against some more recent titles in every facet , but overall this is still a solid and spectacular game . In my opinion only Zelda The Ocarina of Time and Super Mario World can compare with this title in overall quality and fun . Though I have other personal favorites -LRB- big shout out for Ogre Battle ! -RRB- , I can not argue that Final Fantasy 7 is among the three best games of all time , and easily the most ground breaking RPG ever . As nostalgic as the earlier titles are -LRB- and I love them all -RRB- , this game just proves that solid gameplay and an amazing story are timeless .
 I first played Final Fantasy VII when it came out in the '90s . At the time , I thought it was the best Japanese RPG ever created.Over the years , something happened to my old copy , and - on a whim - I picked up a used copy , wondering if the game would still be enjoyable more than 10 years later.The answer is unequivocally yes . The story is still compelling -LRB- once again , I almost broke down in tears at a certain infamous scene -RRB- , the gameplay still engaging , and the soundtrack is brilliant.That is not to say , however , that this game has aged with perfect grace . The graphics take some getting used to after playing current-generation games , and translation errors add some confusion and some unintended humor to the dialog.Overall , I would recommend this classic game for anyone who remembers it fondly from the '90s , and for fans of Square 's other games .
 For a game whose graphics is nowhere near the level of anything that comes out today on any system , the story-line still has most of these new games beat . My brothers always said I had to play it . I never wanted to but one day , they got to me and I did . I never looked back.This game made me cry , angry , and then sad and happy at the end . Weird that polygon shaped people can do that to me when newer games with better looking characters ca n't draw me into them enough to care for anyone other than just wanting to beat the bad guys or beat the game .
 As the title says , this game is old , but it 's still epic . I 'm a HUGE fan of the FFVII saga and I 'm glad that I got this because I played the other one so much that I had to get another one . I must be getting rusty because the boss battles in here I 've had some trouble with . But , as always , I find a way to beat them all.If some are use to playing 3D games , then ... uhh ... dude , go back to 2D if you 're a true gamer . Even after 10 years , the grafics are good , the fighting is awesome , and the story is always as epic as ever knowing that it 's from Square Enix . Ha , I just feel old playing this and I 'm not even 20 yet ! But it 's a really good game and you should play it for sure .
 Pros : Great , exciting storyInteresting characters - you generally end up caring for ALL of them , hell , even the bad guysFighting system - while i think FF6 has the best combat menu , FF7 probably has the second best in my opinion , especially with the debut of controllable limit breaksSo many sidequests including two ultrabosses , secret materia , snowboarding , etc. ... Best music in the seriesCons : graphics are subpar for people used to current RPGs . Bodies are polygons and faces are basically tan ovals with huge eyes on them . Cutscenes are nice , though.Price - why the hell is it so expensive here ? I think i got mine 's before the FF7 craze when it was 30 bucks new.Overall : Highly , highly recommend . Even for the exorbitant prices here , i think its worth shelling over the money to play one of the best RPGs ever . I replay this game once every year or so because its such a great game .
 The Final Fantasy franchise was n't a major success in the United States . Role playing games -LRB- RPGs for short -RRB- were seen as a niche genre , as more simplistic , action-oriented games like Super Mario Bros. and The Legend of Zelda were more popular in the American market . It was hard to ask ADD-stricken American kids to dedicate hour after hour after hour to numeric-based battle schemes . After all , why would kids play a game that employed mathematics when they got enough of that at school ? And as epic , intricate , and engrossing the games ' plots may have been , it was hard to take them seriously when they were rendered in cute 8-bit or 16-bit sprites . But when Final Fantasy VII crossed the Pacific and reached American shores in 1997 , all that changed.Moving from the 2D landscape of the Super Nintendo to the 3D realm of the Sony PlayStation , it looked like gaming technology was finally catching up with the Final Fantasy series ' broader storytelling approach . Sony launched a promotional campaign that emphasized Final Fantasy VII 's impressive new visuals and epic scope , presenting the game as more of a cinematic experience that even surpassed anything Hollywood had to offer.And the television commercials and magazine ads were right . Sprawling across three discs , Final Fantasy VII drops you into the role of Cloud Strife , a spiky-haired mercenary with a murky past , hired by resistance group Avalanche , who set out to take down the Shinra Electric Company , a powerful energy conglomerate and de facto world government . Shinra has been sapping Mako , a refined form of the planet 's life force called the Lifestream , from the ground and using it as an energy source . Shinra is searching for The Promised Land , a mythical Mako-rich land to further bolster their power over the world , but the members of Avalanche believes that Shinra 's constant siphoning of Mako is slowly killing the planet and want to bring down Shinra before it 's too late.But a bigger threat looms . Cloud 's childhood idol , Sephiroth , the former leader of Shinra 's elite SOLDIER warriors , resurfaces after a five-year disappearance . Believing himself to be the son of Jenova , an alien creature mistaken for a member of a powerful ancient tribe called the Cetra , Sephiroth sets out to express his superiority over humanity by initiating a plan that will give him total power over the planet and fulfill what he believes is his birthright . Summoning a meteor to crash into the planet , he plans to merge with the thriving Lifestream as it attempts to heal its massive wound , turning him into a god with complete control over the Lifestream and all living things . And as Cloud , you travel the globe with several colorful companions and unlikely allies , simultaneously trying to thwart Shinra 's efforts and find a way to stop Sephiroth from devastating the planet , and uncover the truth behind Cloud 's own fractured past along the way.Final Fantasy VII is a game , but it 's also a game changer . It boasts an immersive globetrotting tale , striking imagery , iconic characters , stirring soundtrack composed by master Nobuo Uematsu , addictive minigames and sidequests , and groundbreaking graphics that utilize full motion video -LRB- FMVs -RRB- as both a storytelling tool and as nearly seamless transitions from one scene to the next.Final Fantasy VII is praised , but it is also derided . Some gamers deem it `` overrated '' , stating that VII 's gameplay was n't as complex and its story was n't as deep in comparison to other games within the genre that they consider to superior , like Final Fantasy VI or Chrono Trigger . And though VII 's visuals were cutting-edge for its time , the blocky CGI renderings make Final Fantasy VII look rather outdated compared to most recent games . But one can not argue the game 's affect on the business as a whole . Some liken Final Fantasy VII 's impact on the gaming world with the original Star Wars ' impact on movies . Squaresoft -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- upped the ante for all future video games with Final Fantasy VII , challenging them to match its standards and presentation . Squaresoft -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- has also been forced to top themselves with each new Final Fantasy installment since , but they have yet to recapture the magic that made Final Fantasy VII such a massive phenomenon that continues even to this day .
 One of the best Final Fantasy games ever made has to be Final Fantasy VII . The gameplay has something to offer for anyone who is a Final Fantasy fan . The plot stays rather consistent throughout the game , without sudden random changes that some games you can play has . The characters each have their own unique story , which in time you do get to explore . The graphics , are ancient compared to games that are out on say the PS3 , XBOX 360 , and so on , but for this particular game , it was n't about the graphics . The music for Final Fantasy VII stays completely consistent with the game as well . The score that was done for the game , has a nice relaxing feel to it , and when the heat of battle goes into play the music changes , but very fluidly . Overall this game has really changed the video game world , since its debut in 1997 , the game is rated teen for some swearing , I was able to start playing this game when I was 12 when it first came out , and I still play it , and Im 25 now . The overall of this game is amazing , as long as you do n't mind how old this game is .
 I still enjoy this game after years since the last time I played . There are so many different ways to complete this game and to defeat the enemies it still remains incredible!Anyone who really enjoys RPG 's will have no choice but to enjoy this game !
 Final Fantasy 7 and Final Fantasy 8 are the two greatest RPG 's in the world of gaming -LRB- the zelda series in a close third -LSB- except the adventures of link . -RSB- Anyways . If you 're looking for an emotional captivating game that will give you hours upon hours of gameplay . Then look to FF7 -LRB- AND 8 ! -RRB-
 This is the greatest game ever developed . The graphics are now less than stellar ; however , at the release date this game was a game of collectiveness . This game had something for everyone and could entertain even those who did not like RPG 's . I know because I happened to be one of them . I received this game as a present and tried it . Oh how the days past until my conquering of every last weapon , creature , and minigame were complete . I would recommend this game to people who do not even like to play video games in general .
 Why am I seeing this game for hundreds of dollars ? Has it become a collectors item ? Hopefully for those who are paying that much , Sony does n't decide to produce more and bank on the current lunacy . Great game though ...
 Though I did not buy the game , I have played it several times ; enough to say that it is truly THE game that has shaped the RPG world around us today . The graphics are something you can get over . For the time , the cut scenes were amazing , but now they are severely lacking . This is not the issue.A while back , the game quit printing for various reasons . While you used to be able to buy the game for only twenty dollars or more , times have changed . The game sells for 70 dollars or more , usually more . It is best to just borrow the game from a friend . There tend to be a lot of people with the original game , but for us who have recently discovered it , we are out of luck . I suggest not spending so much money on the game . The game may be worth every penny , but it is still quite a lot for an old playstation game.One thing
 Alongside FFX , I 'd have to say this is one of my personal favorites . I played this game several years ago when I was in college . My then boyfriend now hubby actually bought it and introduced me to the world of RPG . I was blown away ! I felt the story was well written , and , honestly , the story about Red , that canine character -LRB- I forget the name because I used my real dog 's name instead back then -RRB- even made me cry . Needless to say , I feel a little embarrassed to admit this but it does n't take much for me to cry about when it comes to animals.Anyway , so I was just surfing Amazon looking for some new games to play and came across the reviews for this and could n't help seeing the reviews here , most good and some totally horrible . Now I do n't mind 1 star reviews or what have you but it really bugs me when there seems to be nothing more than a curse off of the game without any reasons aaand lots of disrespect , ie . this game sucks , i hate it . Sounds like a bunch of whiners who ca n't give constructive criticism . Some of these reviews have no consideration regarding the graphics and when it was developed . Sure it was n't fantastic but that was like over 5 years ago ! Oh , ok , where was I ? Trying to be objective . As far as game play , it took some time to learn and was interesting . The graphics was GOOD for the time it came out but of course , these days , it would be considered archaic and old . . but you know what ? I kind of thought those boxy figures adorable -- that 's just me . The characters were one of the most well thought out characters I 've come across in the FF series . My personal fave was Tifa though all the characters had depth . Regarding the story , again , excellent and complex . Nothing new some say ? Well , back then it was . I 've played some RPG games that made no sense even though the graphics far surpassed FFV . True , it 's linear but I do n't think it was technologically possible to do anymore back in the 90 's but correct me with a good example if I 'm wrong . Even so , it 's linearity keeps us from straying too far into lord knows what.The side games/quests were fun too , although a couple more games would n't hurt . Music - melodramatic ... Atmosphere , somewhat eery and sad ... I wished the ending were a bit more ... how should I say ? Different ?? I did n't want to give away the ending ... eheh.Ok , so overall , I 'm giving this 5 STARS and wished Square would remake it for PS2 or higher , with voice overs , better graphics , and an extra new surprise or two -LRB- without resurrecting you know who -- that would be too much ! -RRB- . My two . . er three cents .
 HEY this game may be outdated but heck , OLD SKOOL ROCKS !!! this is the first FF game I ever got and im very impressed . Heck , the graphics arent great but after 5 min , you dont care how bad they are . The backrounds are great , and the cutscenes are awesome . The music will have you stopping just to listen . I 'm not that far in the game , but its cool that its 3 discs long . the longer the better . this game is very challenging too . challenging is better too . i wasnt too surprised wen aeris died , but , its cool that anything can happen in this game and you dont think -LRB- oh this is just another game wer good guys allways win -RRB- . I think this is one of the greatest ps1 games ever , and its even better than FF8 . the fight sequences in this game are the best ! it doesnt let you wait to decide , you hav to act fast , or else the enemies will get the jump on you . well , i say this is a MUST BUY . its very cheap , too . buy this game if you want a long , fun , challenging , impressive work of art -LRB- whoa that was bad . -RRB-
 Do not listen to those idiots who gave away 1 star , and I think most of them are of the same person , and all of these kids are just final fantasy haters , just like people who would give Master Of Puppets 1 star but it 's clearly one of the best heavy metal album ever , why ? Because it has the name METALLICA on it . That being said , this is THE BEST RPG EVER ! The only other RPG that comes even close to it is Chrono Trigger . Get it now , even if you do n't like RPGs . I was n't RPG fan until I got this game from a friend , and I thank him for it till this day .
 FFVII is one of the best games ever . What makes it so good is the storyline . The storyline is very creative and it holds your attention for the whole game . This also presents a plethra of challenges . These are all hard but they are not possible.The graphics are amazing . They put you into a different world . I bought this game because of how much fun I had playing its predicessors . I never regretted it . This game has some of the funnest sidequests and games . Especially when you make it to the Golden Saucer . Anyone who has a playstaion or playstation 2 needs this game . It is a must have !
 This game is unbelievable and I wo n't stand another `` I do n't get what the hype is about '' review . You may have your own opinions , yes , but those who played FF7 and got diddly squat out of their playing experience obviously chose for this be so . It 's amazing how some of us find the `` best '' games to be only those with great graphics . It 's surprising how quickly we can abandon our own morals . Just because FF7 may not have the best graphics , it certainly does not mean that it does n't have the most detailed and beautifully illustrated story-line . As you play , you become immersed in this tragic and incredibly wonderful one of a kind plot along with it 's unforgettable characters . My personal favorites were Tifa , Cloud and Aeris . Not just because of their own struggles to come to terms with themselves , but because of the powerful love that surrounds each of them . All of the characters were real , tangible and simply fantastic . This game truly deserves the title of best of the FF series and it lands a spot as one of the most amazing and best games ever created . Plus , it 's graphics introduced us to our ever-growing technological advances . It was a stepping stone for all the FF games to come . in other words , it started it all and was a huge leap from the previous FF games . In other words , this game is indeed a timeless classic and has made history in all RPG gaming and gaming overall . No wonder it placed a Guiness Book record for itself as one of the top-selling games of all time . Needless to say , buy it , enjoy eevry last second and let it become one of your best gaming experiences . The graphics may not be the best , but everything else , including the superb musical scores by the talented Nobuo Uematsu and not to mention the plot and characters and millions of numerous details , are simply to die for . A historical piece of RPG for all time ...
 This game is the god of all games . No the TITAN of all games . Nothing comes close to taking it 's place . Ppl who say that it sucks , do n't know how to play videogames . They are idiots.This game is so good , you 'll cry at parts with the characters . Here are the results : Gameplay
 This is flat out the best game ever . For it 's time , it had the best FMV Graphics . The gameplay is top notch and the story is great with awesome characters . This definitely changed the way RPGs are now made . I do n't know if another game could ever top this one . You have to get this , and now that it 's a PlayStation classic , it 's also cheap .
 I have played and beat this game and have found it better then the 4,5 , and 6 . And it 10 times better the Final Fantasy 8 . If you are a FF fan i sugguest you buy over any of the games . It is a must buy for any FF fan .
 Yes I agree that this is a real good game but what are you doing putting it at the top of your top ten RPG list ? I would have to say the final fantasy 3 -LRB- 6 in Japan -RRB- is greater by far ! It was at the very bottom of the list ! I do suggest anyone buy this game , but if you want a great classic go and get anthology for your playstation or FF3 for your SNES !
 Final Fantasy VII is probably one of the best games to date . Many people already bought it on the Playstation , but if you have a good computer with a 3D Accelerator and a good MIDI player , getting FF7 for the PC is almost a MUST!The graphics are dazzling ! Regardless of some people who think the characters look too choppy , I think they look just fine . And the FMVs ... they are totally AMAZING!The music is just the best I 've ever heard . It gives more meaning to the game , and even help you out . I mean , what 's better than the Boss Music to pump you up during a boss fight , or Aeris ' Theme when something really bad happens ! And the songs J-E-N-O-V-A and One Winged Angel at the end of the game are cool!The storyline of FF7 must be one of the best ! The plot is great , and it 's a kind of up and down story . What I mean is , say someone was about to die , but then was saved . Or the other way around , say you just won a battle or finally made it in to a secret place , and someone dear to the game dies -LRB- That 's it ! No hints on who ! -RRB- . There were parts that I cheered , that I cried , felt scared , and many other things.The controls may seem hard to execute at first , but after the first level , you 'll get used to it.With a lot of mini-games and sidequests , you can always take your mind off the main objective for at least a little while . Who does n't love chocobo racing ? That 's the best mini-game any Final Fantasy game has to offer !
 What else can one say ? This game is truly amazing . It takes you into a astounding futuristic world , where the large corporation the Shinra is using the Substance that the earth lives off of , Mako , to supply the town of Midgar with electricty . The Shinra however , are taking large amounts of Mako and the earth is beginning to decrease in it 's lifespand . So with the earth dieing the group of misfits , Avalanche , go into action . Before then procede with the destruction of the power plants , that suck up the earth 's mako , they hire a indepedent soldier named Cloud . And so the story begins , where the group will face large obstacles including the villainous Sephiroth , former # 1 member of SOLDIER . As the story unfolds the heros see the bigger picture , and see that their quest could end up futile.A truly amazing story indeed . It contains a great plot , developed characters , astounding music , and possibly the greatest graphics in it 's time . FF VII is truly the greastest rpg up to date . I would recommend this for all rpg fans , but not younger then teen due to it 's complex storyline which decreases the great fun you can get out of FF7 . I would rate this over 5 stars if I could , but still 5 stars being the max I think it would be ovious that this is a good game . ...
 I may have Final Fantasy VII for the computer , but that does n't change my rating a bit.The storyline to this game is the best one I have ever seen . One thing is for sure , it gets so good , that you just do n't want to put it down . I really do n't know what else to say , because it is impossible to explain in words . Let me just tell you one thing , if you are looking for a roleplaying game , this is the one to buy . I have played so many other roleplaying games and I have never seen one like this one . Amazing .
 Excellently plotted and paced , FF7 features several well-developed characters -LRB- event the minor characters get some character development -RRB- , a very well-developed villain , plenty of optional quests and things to do off the main quest , and a great score.The plot unfolds throughout the game , picking up its pace toward the end , but not falling prey to the common problem of tying up all the plot threads in two minutes . It 's well-paced , the plot twists arising out of the characters and situations as presented , and nothing really shows up as a deus ex machina -LRB- except for the bit with the blasted snake ... -RRB- The characters are generally well-developed ; while the three main characters get most of the development , each of the other characters , including the optional ones , get a few scenes with insight into their actions or their pasts . These characters also have reasons to be working together , rather than just thrown together haphazardly . The female characters are excellent , though Aeris is just a bit TOO perky.The villain is excellent , well-handled and well-developed . The lesser villains and some of the other NPCs also get a bit of character development -LRB- the optional quest in Wutai with the Turks has to be one of my favorite bits in the game -RRB- , And the villains ' actions make sense within the context.The materia system is complicated . Expect to spend some time fussing with it to understand how it works . This is not necessarily a negative , mind.The music is great . From what I understand , it 's a distinct departure from the earlier games , but I have n't played them . There are a few mediocre pieces , such as Honeybee Manor , but the truly excellent pieces , such as the Turks ' Theme , Nightmare 's Beginning -LRB- Vincent 's Theme -RRB- , and One-Winged Angel -LRB- final battle music -RRB- , more than make up for them , and there are no truly annoying God-don ` t-play-this-song-again pieces in it.The only real problem I have with this game , is that the FMVs ca n't be skipped -LRB- there 's only so many times you can watch the thing with the gondola ... -RRB- and that the last battle , especially if you 've done the optional quests , is too easy .
 Now some people have been talking about the way that the graphics have been `` out dated '' or are too cartoony . Then again these people probably do n't know too much about RPGs and only got it because it is such a famous title . RPGs by nature are surreal experiences . What would be so interesting about playing an `` exact '' copy of real life RPG ? The closest i would think of getting would be the upcoming `` Shenmue '' for dreamcast but even half the things you do in that would be impossible . If I was shown Super Mario 3 for the NES vs. Superman for N64 and told i could only play one for the rest of my life i would choose Super Mario 3 hands down . Sometimes graphics and `` cartoony style '' do n't count for much . This case is true for Final Fantasy VII while it 's graphics are outclassed by VIII I would argue that the former is superior because of a better , more in depth story , better music , different style -LRB- I love the dark corporate armaggeddon portrayed in VII -RRB- and better magic/battle system . These are the reasons why i find that final fantasy VII to be my second favorite game ever . -LRB- Call me crazy but i got sorta attached to Legend of Zelda
 When Final Fantasy VII came out i was skeptical.I 'm an RPG purist and putting an RPG into a futuristic setting with guns , and planes , and trucks and cars , did n't seem like my cup of tea at first.Despite all of the things that held me back from trying the game I gave it a shot and I 'm glad I did.FFVII has everything you 're looking for in an RPG.It has arguably the best story to an RPG ever , well best story besides Xenogears . The characters each have their own unique story and reason to be fighting.The intracate love triangle that forms betewen Cloud , Aeris and Tifa is something to remember as well.I do n't want to say too much about the story because it would give too much away but here 's a small sample of what the game has to offer.You start as Cloud Strife , mercenary for hire who has joined forces with the rebel group Avalanche to help bring down the monopolizing giant Shin-Ra corporation who is spending their time and energy sucking Mako energy from the planet.Mako energy is what keeps the planet alive.So Cloud and company bomb one of Shin-Ra 's reactors that are drwaing this energy out of the planet and the story develops from there into a love triangle , and a battle to find one 's inner self.The gameplay is pretty good.I enjoyed the materia system immensely.It let you pick and choose differnt attack methods over the course of the game.you could have it set up so you 're character would be able to attack 4 times , summon two monsters in one turn or use multiple magic spells.Quite a nice variety huh?The music is good , but I felt overrated , but it kicks in at the right time.The graphics are my favorite part of the game.While at times they are difficult to make out , the blocky deformed characters are truly amazing.In Conclusion FFVII is a classic RPG that you can get into and play over and over again.If you 're just getting into RPG 's FFVII is definately one that you should check out .
 I dont even know where to start . i played this game once when it when it just came out and once recenlty . the game is just breathe taking . Even with all the kick ass graphics out today , they are still no match for this game . I almost shedded a tear when a ceratin someone died . The rpgs in this game are decent compared to what is out there today . but remeber this game came out when psx just game out . At the beginning , you are a rebel named Cloud strife rebeling against Shinra corp. in a city called midgar . as you progress in the story you get invovled with clouds past , and he finds out revalations he never knew about himself . i palyed this game for 60 hours and i never got sick of it . if you have never played this game i suggest you GET IT !!! its the best game i have ever played . this game had the most profits in Squaresoft history . Only a Playstation game could be this good . Nothin Xbox would ever have . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 While newer games sell hundreds of thousands of units and cost tens of millions to make it is refreshing to go back and see how video games were like before HALO or GTA and when a multi million dollar videogame was insane . While i liked number eight ok final fantasy burned itself out after that . it also contains my all time favorite boss the emerald weapon -LRB- which takes an hour to beat on a good day -RRB- i would definently buy this . i hightly doubt we will ever see another game likie this .
 As an avid Final Fantasy player from the very begining with FFI I still love the story , charachters , weapons , etc. of this Final Fantasy . Anyone looking to get into an RPG should defintley try this first , then play 6 .
 I being a veteran of videogaming , have to say I 'm very dissapointed in the recent reviews bashing this game . Final Fantasy VII is what made RPG gaming what it is today.That being said , this game now well beyond its ' years is still the best RPG I have ever played . Close to being the best game ever . By todays standards , the graphics are horrid , but could n't have been done better . Very colorful and every part of this game was a refreshing look at something new . Your charachter goes from a centrally located city , to fortified town , to a beach resort , to an amusment park and so on and so on . At one point you end up in outerspace . There is to much to describe in a review , lets just say there is plenty to see and do.The gameplay is rediculously addictive . The materia gems were a good idea . Being able to fit elemental materia to weapons and armor allowed for great flexability . Combo certain materia together and your charachter could attack from two to eight times in one turn . The junction system in FF 8 is based on the materia system . Those who perfer 8 over 7 should compare and see that they are in fact fairly similar . Changing materia in mid-battle would have been nice in case of an attack that heals instead of hurting , takes one or more members of the attack team out of action.The amount of mini games is the most ever for any FF . the amusment park has an arcade and rides . A battle arena to compete for really good prizes . You can bet on , race and breed chocobos . The amount of things to do is astounding . The sidequest are fun and can help your party if you complete them . One could easily get lost and forget about the main story.The story is not the greatest , but it held my intrest when I first played FF7 . You never really take it seriously until one of your party members is killed 1/3 way in the game . The true enemy of this game is a cold blooded man with destruction and death left in his wake . The corporate enemy is nothing more than sidetracking cannon fodder for you to level up with . I guarentee a sense of satisfaction when finally putting the last boss away , for anything else , just for revenge would be motive enough . All charachter development is well done but a little awkward at times . Trying to make this story serious and funny at the same time , often leaves players wondering where the story is headed . For the most part , no complaints about the story . It 's told with the player in mind . Trying to find a way to connect with the player.The musical score fits this game . Only FF6 -LRB- FF3 in the states -RRB- is done better . At no point in this game does the music not fit the scenario the player is currently traveling.This game got a lot of publicity during its arrival and rightfully so . A magnificent piece of not only gaming , but art . Every RPG made after FF7 is based on what this game revolutionized . RPG before this were all 2D and pretty much cookie cutter RPG . This game literally changed RPG into what it is now , I hope those who recently bought this game at least attempt to finish it to gain the games ' beauty as a whole . Those who had this game from the beginning already know that Final Fantasy VII is not only a great game , but arguably PSX best of all time . A milestone , period .
 All I can say is that people who are rating this 1 or 2 stars , obviously ca n't appreciate a good game . I 've played Final Fantasy 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , X-2 , and Tactics ... and this , by far , is the best of the whole Final Fantasy series.Often times , people have a misconception that just because Final Fantasy VII has `` bad '' graphics , it 's automatically a `` bad '' game . There 's a reason why Squaresoft boomed because of this game.Final Fantasy VII , out of all the Final Fantasy games , is the best of them all . The gameplay is awesome , the characters are very well-done , great music , excellent side stories , etc. -LRB- Yes , the graphics ca n't compare to the newest of Final Fantasy games ... but honestly , this game was made years and years ago , so what do you expect ? -RRB- Not only that , because of the release of the Final Fantasy VII movie sequel , Final Fantasy VII
 I would like to start off by saying that its plot is usually undervalued . The gameplay was amazing . It was my second Final Fantasy -LRB- VIII was my first -RRB- and I did n't like it at first . I was discouraged by the graphics , but I kept with it . I finished it when I was 11 and I liked it , but lacked an appreciation for the plot . I like VIII because its complexity lies in its science . VII is like a book . I did n't really begin to comprehend the greatness of this plot until I read Emerson , Steinbeck , Fitzgerald , etc. . . In the back of my mind , the plot was being broken down and deciphered . I was not into Final Fantasy as much anymore when this was happening . Suddenly , I became aware of what my mind was doing . The plot had formed so complexly -LRB- word ? -RRB- in my head and I could n't believe it . So I read plot summaries and analyses , and my understanding fit in perfectly . I am replaying the game as we speak , it is a classic . The battle system is really well . It 's music is phenomenal ! But I do feel that many do not see the plot as I do -LRB- ... -RRB- Overall , it is a great game that reads like a novel . If you like games and good literature , this is for your . The concepts relate to Emerson , expecially the oversoul idea -LRB- lifestream in the game -RRB- . But it has interesting twists . Enjoy .
 Unquestionbly the best RPG ever , and a strong candidate for the best game ever , Square 's Playstation-debut ` Final Fantasy 7 ' still stands the test of time today as one of their strongest titles in recent memory , and a sort of ` How-To ' guide to getting computer games right.Released in 1997 on a tidal wave of publicity , rumours -LRB- remember the memory card debate ?? -RRB- and expectations , Final fantasy 7 took people 's preconceptions of the genre and utterly redefined them . Gone were the traditional top-down viewpoints , the 1-dimensional characters , and the boring spell effects , and we watched in amazement at hitherto-unparalleled graphics and a completely revolutionary storyline showed us exactly how good a RPG could be . Winning legions of new fans over to the genre , FF 7 fully deserved it 's blockbusting , best-selling status.FF 7 follows the story of Cloud Strife , a young mercenary-for-hire , and his attempts to stop his ex-colleague and nemesis Sephiroth from destroying the world . Along the way he meets some memorable characters , makes friends and discovers who he truly is.The strongest selling point of FF 7 at the time of it 's release was the graphics , which today , understandably , have been surpassed several times over . However , some moments in the game still hold their own against the modern consoles , and for a seven year-old game , that 's no small feat . What remains today is one of the best storylines ever , coupled with some of the smoothest game mechanics in videogaming history.The emotion behind the characters of Aeris , Cloud , Sephiroth etc. , is something which games developers have only recently started to latch on to - for example , ` Silent Hill 2 ' and ` Fatal Frame ' go deep into the psychology of emotion - but in a character and story-driven game like FF 7 , the depth of attachment we form with the characters is simply amazing . It 's impossible to treat FF 7 as a piece of retro-gaming , such is the depth of development behind the storyline . It tackles subjects like political upheaval , religion , self-worth - and does it all in such a way as to force us to mentally attach ourselves to the little people running about on the screen.The gameplay , too , is superb , with an easy menu system and full in-game tutorials being accessible at pretty much any point in the game . The difficulty level is pitched exactly right , there 's a steady learning curve and monsters and battles become significantly harder as you progress , but not so hard as to be prohibitive . Puzzles and secrets abound , and each time you play -LRB- and you WILL play it multiple times -RRB- you discover several new features that you did n't see before . With typical Square finnesse , the game options are customisable so battles and cut-scenes don ; t have to take up too much time , and the whole game moves at a speed which you , the player , dictate.I ca n't rave enough . Possibly equalled in terms of absorbing entertainment only by it 's own sequels , FF 7 is still a rewarding , hugely entertaining , and very special game . Totally recommended .
 I 'm sure many FFVII fans reviewing the game here at Amazon.com have noticed the ridiculous trend following many 5-star reviews . The spotlight reviews above , along with numerous others , are extensive reviews covering the aspects of the game and recommending this Playstation Greatest Hit . Despite the effort they put in these expressive and thoughtful reviews , several indignant anti-FFVII fanatics have mindlessly disapproved nearly every single 5-star review or anything that even remotely recommends this game . You know what I mean . Where it asks `` Was this review helpful ? '' Look at the numbers
 This is one of the greatest games of all time . Ignore those other morons who do n`t know what they ` re talking about and play this game .
 Even in these times of advanced video game technology there is simply no substitute for a game like this and no amount of graphic power can fill in for a storyline of this perfection . As I said no other storyline of ANY other game even comes close to this one -LRB- including all other final fantasies -RRB- , the characters are all brought to life very well , good and bad . The game play is also very rewarding with the ever present Active Time Battle System that allows you all the strategy and RPG style of a regular RPG but with 10x the intensity and fun . But my favorite feature and one exclusively for this game is the very unique and innovative materia . Materia is your magic , little stones that grow with you as you use them and you can equip them to your weapons and accessories giving them more power and magnifying their abilities when linked together . I have seen and played a LOT of video games but I have never come across anything this great before , this is a must have , unless you absolutely hate all RPG 's .
 This game is one of the most mesmerizing games I have ever played . Simply terrific . A fantastic storyline -LRB- which is better than FF VIII 's , by the way -RRB- some of the most memorable characters ever to grace a TV set , and one of the most stunning final boss and ending scenes of any game ever . This game is simply fantastic . A certain scene -LRB- I wo n't say any more -RRB- would have to be the saddest moment I have ever seen in a videogame . For emotional punch , this scene easily rivals anything made in a movie , as do others . And the ending ... ! Oh my God , if you do n't have this game , you simply are missing out on one of the best Final Fantasy 's ever made . It 's right up there with Final Fantasy VI . Brilliant .
 A few of my friend recomended this game to me and I am glad they did ! This game is so perfect it 's amazing . The characters and the story will pull you in and you will get addicted ! The music and sound are beautiful , the gameplay is just right . I have never been so emotionally moved by a video game before in my life ! The movie clips took my breath away , and the plot twists amazed me . One part -LRB- I wo n't give it away -RRB- was so sad that I actually turned my playstation off , went to my room and CRIED for a HALF HOUR . No joke ! That is how emotionally perfect this game is !
 After playing Final Fantasy 8 and not liking it very much , I had to review this title . If you are gon na buy a Final Fantasy game , buy this and not 8 . The storyline is absolutely the best . The polygon characters might not impress , but they really do n't take anything away from the game . There are TONS of secrets waiting to be discovered and this is one RPG that actually has replay value ... I still play it!Square needs to look at this game and make all its games up to this standard of excellence !
 Final Fantasy 7 rules ! it is the best RPG ever , no wait the best video game ever . If you are a big fan of Role Playing Games then check this game out . In fact even if you are not a fan try it , it will grab your intrests within the first 15 minutes of play time . Even with FFVIII already out this game is much better in terms of menus , characters , magic , and not to forget the most important characteristic of all , storyline . The story can go on almost forever if the game wasnt limited to three discs -LRB- which is still alot -RRB- . It starts out with a beutiful full motion video . when it is over the action starts . The magic system just plain rocks . You place materia orbs on your weapons and armor wchich allow your characters to use different spells like ice , fire , and bolt for example . In conclusion this game just rocks . I only gave it five stars because that was the highest , but if it wasnt ... well you get the idea . This is a great game , dont miss out on it .
 I bought this game back in 1997 or so when it was released and i was just hooked , this is without a doubt the greatest game -LRB- not just RPG -RRB- of all time , everything about it the story , gameplay , music and graphics -LRB- graphics were great for the time and are still great now -RRB- . Anyone who criticises this game because of the grapics clearly doesnt know what games are about , gameplay is much more important than eye candy . Saying graphics are more important than gameplay is like saying CGI is more important in movies then the actual story/plot . Anyway this game is more than a game , its a legend .
 What can be said about this game that has n't already been said ? Actually , quite a lot . Most reviews will just say it 's great and pretty much end it there . I will tell you why this is the greatest game ever . Here I go : A . The Plot and the CharactersThe plot is so much better that any other game I 've ever played -LRB- and I 've played quite a lot -RRB- . Without giving away too much of the story , I 'll just say that it start 's out as your classic Rebellion vs. The Empire story . In this case it a group known as Avalanche against the mighty Shinra Corporation . A company that has become the law all over the world by mining the life out of the planet and turning it into power . This is the start of an even bigger picture . Pictures I should say , because there is n't just one story . Each character has his of her own history and during the events of the game , you 'll have the option to learn their history and sometimes in flashbacks , you 'll even get to play their history . That 's something you rarely see . However , all of these stories would n't have been brought to life if the characters themselves did n't have life . All of them are so real , you 'll put aside the fact that they are polygons and imagine them as real people , with real feelings , and real goals . Even Sephiroth , the main foe in Final Fantasy VII and probably the greatest villain in the world , and I do n't just mean in Video Games . Right up there with Darth Vader . Why ? Because he 's not just a soulless jerk who just wants to take over the world . He has a real reason for his actions and he has a side which makes him more human than your average baddie which , in turn , causes the player to sympathize with him . The people in the world of Final Fantasy VII all have soul 's . Period.B . The Drama and EmotionThis was the first time a video game triggered my emotions -LRB- Well , that 's if you do n't include frustration which many games have caused me to use -RRB- . There 's two specific events . One of those events caused two different emotions to go off . I 'll just say it was the death of a certain character at the hands of Sephiroth . I almost started pouring river 's of tears , then I realized I 'm a man and ... well ... ya know . So , anyway , needless to say I was sad , yet at the same time , I wanted to go medieval on Sephiroth for the horrible thing he had just done . I 've never been so mad at a fictional character in my life . Like I said though , It 's easy to forget that they are fictional . The other event was when one of the Ultimate Weapons were about to crash into one of Shinra 's Headquarters and every one was evacuating except President Rufus , who stood near a giant window and watched his impending doom draw closer . He may have been a bad guy , but I just could n't help but have the utmost respect for him at that moment . The game is littered with moments like these , and enough unexpected plot twists to keep you from ever being bored . There 's a lot of other great things that will keep your attention also . Which brings us to : C . The Game and the Mini-GamesThe battle system is your average fare . There are better , but as far as Final Fantasy games go , this is one of the best . It 's based on the Materia System which allows to attach gem 's known as Materia to your weapons and armor . These gems are what hold your elemental , summon and skill power 's . Elemental Materia -LRB- i.e. Fire , Ice , ect . -RRB- attached to your sword , will add that element to your attack as well as give you the ability to cast it . If added to your armor , it will give you protection from that element . The animation of the spells -LRB- especially the Summons -RRB- are awesome , as well as the character 's and battle in general . I love the Limit Breaks . When attacked enough , your limit bar fills up and you get the opportunity to go nuclear on your enemy with the special attacks that are called Limit Breaks . Now enough about fighting , let 's get to the play . Almost all RPG 's have Mini-Games . FFVII has tons of them . The main ones are Snowboarding , Submarine Battles , and Motorcycle Fights , which are actual game events , before you 'll find them as games at The Gold Saucer , which is an in-game arcade . Here you can also play basketball , play a game where you teach a Moogle to fly so he can impress his lady friend , play a karate game , arm wrestle , ride a roller coaster where you have to shoot all kinds of targets to rake up points , sleep in a haunted house , and best of all raise and race your very own Chocobo , that you can use to get some incredible -LRB- I ca n't express this enough -RRB- items . If you totally Hate RPG 's , buy this just for the Gold Saucer , though I 'm sure by the time you get there you 'll love the whole game.I wish I had more room to praise this game because even what I have written thus far can not begin to justify how great FFVII is . I 'll wrap this up , though , by saying you need to buy this , and at the price it is now , you ca n't go wrong . Enjoy !!
 My title pretty much explains it all . Final Fantasy VII surpasses every game within and outside the RPG genre.Before FFVII , RPGs were generally reserved for `` computer nerds '' and other not so nice stereotypes . However , when I heard about FFVII , I just had to pick it up and i never made any jokes about RPGs again.The graphics are simply breathtaking from the spectacular world map to the lifelike prerendered backgrounds . The magic spells and `` Summons '' , which allow you to summons magical allies , are also done with much flair and swagger . Be sure to watch out for the unbelievable `` Knights of Round '' summon ! All the cities and locales you visit are astonishingly detailed and interactive , among the best are Midgar and Junon Harbor . But , beauty is not FFVII 's only card ... there is so much more.The story is the hands down best of any video game . The way the story escalates from a small conflict into a battle for the life of the planet is simply brilliant . There are countless twists and turns to keep you playing . And also , you really get to know your characters and empathize with them.Similarly , the music and sound effects are excellent . The orchestration for the world map is so majestic and heroic , you can feel the adventure in the air . Also worth noting is the underwater music ... i swear they could n't have composed a more perfect sound for the underwater sequences ! At times the music is very touching and fits the mood perfectly . Very inspired and original.This game also boast the best magic system ever concocted -LRB- forget the Draw system in FF8 ! -RRB- . The Materia system creates endless possiblities for character customization and battle enhancements . The magic sytem is fun and easy to get accustomed to.With tons of weapons and equipment to find , you 'll be glued to your Playstation for hours at a time . You wo n't find everything your first time around.By writing this review im doing FFVII no justice , there so much more to this game that you have to play to through it to totally appreciate . Kudos to Sony and Square for an unforgetable gaming experience . If i could , I 'd give this game TEN STARS .
 Final Fantasy 7 is the best RPG ever made it has a cast of 9 characters each with their own set of weapons ranging from swords to guns.In Final fantasy 7 you get to play as Cluod Strife a 21 year old mercenary as you struggle to save the world from Sephiroth . On your journey to save the world you meet new friends and enemies . You get use 6 different kinds of magic to use against over 100 monsters and 40 masters . It will take about 60 hours to beat the game if you do all the side quests . Of these side quests you can breed chocbos . You play mini games at the Gold Saucer . The characters are made of polygons but the movies are awesome . there is about 1 hour of movies . There is a high re-play value game because if you beat the game there are two extra masters only in the American version of the game . There is a great mana linking system that lets you make combos with your magic spells . There is a great story line which is essential for a great RPG . Overall Final Fantasy is a great RPG I recomend this game to any one . Have Fun
 It was 1998 during college that I first discovered the Final Fantasy series . Glancing through Playstation Power Magazine 's monthly forum devoted to Final Fantasy VII , I became intrigued by this RPG legend rated 97 % and considered a milestone in gaming . Its worldwide influence can not be conveyed in words but for me , personally , Final Fantasy VII was a major inspiration , especially in directing me towards Norse mythology with its use of the god , Odin , and by 1999 it had made its biggest impact for I had taken the first step into the world of writing fantasy fiction.The story begins in Midgard , a futuristic city run by the Shinra Corporation whose chief crime is the use of eight reactors that suck Mako energy out of the earth to fuel advancing technology but draining the life force of the world . A mercenary group , Avalanche , opens Final Fantasy VII by destroying Mako Reactor No. 1 in their quest for world preservation . Amongst their numbers is a new recruit , Cloud Strife , formerly a member of SOLDIER , Shinra 's force of elite warriors . The exploits of Avalanche in Midgard form only the basis of the story which quickly takes Cloud and his companions outside the city in pursuit of the elusive Sephiroth , another former member of SOLDIER and renowned as the greatest warrior Shinra has ever produced . Cloud and Avalanche 's fight against Shinra soon develops into an epic struggle to stop Sephiroth bringing calamity onto the world.The first in the series to embrace 3D , Final Fantasy VII remains a visual dream . The cut scenes are still delightful perhaps none more beautiful than the shocking twist in the story that ends the first disc and whose imagery is etched into one 's memory by music heavily pronounced in its poignancy . The characters have an anime look about them with large striking eyes managing to capture a myriad of emotions . The backgrounds , rich in detail and easy to navigate , contain some memorable settings including Cosmo Canyon , Wutai and City of the Ancients . Some of the locations leave an imprint in your mind long after you have finished playing . Cloud 's hometown of Nibelheim , sleepy and seemingly insignificant , is the setting for a pivotal moment in his past , one that haunts Cloud throughout the game and remains with you long after the surprising revelations towards the end of the game.Final Fantasy VII follows the usual RPG formula with a party of characters you can pick and choose from , equipping each with different weapons and armour , and levelling up via those random battles that are either a blessing or a curse dependent on your mood . Each weapon or piece of armour contains slots which are filled with materia , crystallised forms of Mako energy , that allow your characters to use and learn spells . Modifying your selection of materia and allocating them to the limited number of slots you contain is the key to success in Final Fantasy VII . For instance , two slots in a piece of armour may be connected allowing you to combine the strengths of two pieces of materia . In this example the best combination would be materia such as Ice or Restore in one slot and All in the other which would allow you to cast that particular spell on all enemies or characters rather than one at a time . There is a plethora of materia in Final Fantasy VII divided into five groups - red is summon materia concerning powerful gods , purple is independent materia that enhances a character 's status such as increasing HP , blue is support materia which is placed in linked slots to enhance other materia -LRB- as with the example above -RRB- , yellow is command materia that gives you more battle options rather than just attack , and finally green is magic materia which covers elemental , curative and defensive spells . Prioritising your party 's needs is essential as there are never enough slots to accommodate all your materia.Revisiting Final Fantasy VII more than ten years after its original release there is little in the way of flaws . The advances in gaming consoles today boasting increasingly stunning graphics can make elements of Final Fantasy VII show its age a little but this is quickly compensated by the immersive experience this title offers . Aside from the main story there are some welcome distractions most notably the crazy world of the Gold Saucer offering everything from a firework illuminated gondola ride to the competitive world of chocobo racing . The various towns , villages and cultures could n't be any more different but the whole package works brilliantly . Beneath these fantastical elements Final Fantasy VII addresses not only ecological concerns with Shinra 's draining of the world 's mako , but the oppression of minorities such as the coal miners in Coral , all too reminiscent for me of struggling UK miners in the 1980s . The biggest selling title in the series , Final Fantasy VII has clearly been difficult for Square Enix to put down . Dirge of Cerberus on PS2 and Crisis Core on PSP are notable spin-off games while the feature length film , Advent Children , takes place two years after the events of Final Fantasy VII and is a remarkable achievement that should have had more recognition.Final Fantasy VII has deservedly written its place into gaming history . Of all the titles in the series this one probably resonates with more fans than any other . Cloud is one of the series highpoints , a complicated and flawed hero , while Sephiroth is easily the best villain ever to grace the Final Fantasy world . This should be one of the ten RPGS that all future incarnations in this genre measure themselves against . Narrowly surpassed by the eighth and tenth instalments , Final Fantasy VII still makes up the holy trinity of games in Square Enix 's brilliant series . Need I say more ?
 Final Fantasy VII is a great game . Everything about is great . The only thing I dind ' t like was the ending . It was too easy . To play for 80 hours to get to the end and use one summon materia once to kill the final boss was disappointing -LRB- even though I loved the final boss music -RRB- . The weapons are MUCH harder . Other than that I thoroughly enjoyed this game . Even though I still think FFVI is the best game ever made -LRB- Chrono Trigger is the second best game ever -RRB- , this is a very worthy addition to the FF series and one of the best RPG 's ever made .
 When I played this it was magic . Journey back to the mid-life of the PlayStation . No , not the PlayStation 2 , the original PlayStation . Yes , to the kids who were born just before the release of the PlayStation 2 and are now reviewing FFVII against games on the PS2 and Xbox , there really was a previous version of the PS2 . It was a greyish top loading CD based -LRB- yes ! CD ! -RRB- system with no USB or iLink -LRB- FireWire/1394 for the PC crowd -RRB- . After the end of Final Fantasy games on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System by Nintendo -LRB- yes , there really was a system called SNES that came before the Game Cube and for you old foagies among us , the N64 -LRB- Nintendo 64 -RRB- -RRB- Final Fantasy finally got the 3D treatment for the first time . Or at least the characters did . The backgrounds were pre-rendered textures . That is the backgrounds were n't true 3D , they were rendered on a computer in 3D and then a snapshot of them at a certain angle was taken and slapped behind characters who were complete 3D rendered internally by the original PlayStation -LRB- remember , the system that came from Sony before the PS2 -RRB- . Only because the PlayStation could n't render fully 3D extremely detailed environments by itself . Up until FFVII , which , by the way , was not the first Final Fantasy to be developed -LRB- there were other 2D -LRB- two-dimensional -RRB- offerings that only people who are long dead or are old and senile will remember , ask your great , great , great grandfather if he remembers playing Final Fantasy on his Nintin ` do Entur-Tain ` Mant Sih ` stim back in the trenches during WWII -RRB- , there was a real worry that Squaresoft -LRB- as Square-Enix was called back then -RRB- really had abandoned Final Fantasy games in favor of simple graphic demos on completely unknown systems like the N64 . Not so . Those demos were actually distractions from the truth . That Square-Enix ... errr ... I mean , Squaresoft was readying its Final Fantasy XII demo called Final Fantasy VII on the equally unknown PlayStation -LRB- or as some Amish like to call it , the PSX -RRB- . But at that time the network feature was n't fully implemented which made for a lonely playing experience for some already lonely and pathetic super-nerds out there . But for us old timers it was a blast seeing Final Fantasy in 3D finally . However , we did n't get the demo but unfortunately we got the fully playable game . Which was great in and of itself . Because it showed what was possible with the Final Fantasy franchise which would n't be fully realized until late 2004 when all gamers finally proclaim in one voice `` What ? Another Final Fantasy game ? I thought they discontinued it back when Roman caesars ruled the known reality/universe and mammoths roamed computer generated alien landscapes '' . Oh well , anything before Doom 3 is going to vanish from the collective memory of computer-gamedom anyway so do n't play this because you wo n't be able to . It 's just too alien an experience for today 's DDR generation -LRB- oh , for those fetuses unfamiliar with DDR it 's `` Dance Dance Revolution '' and it 's what today 's elderly play when their hips are n't healing fast enough -RRB- . BTW , stop being putzes and review the game fairly and in its own context of time . It looks really dumb when someone starts comparing it to something so far advanced it 's not even fair . Perspective , my children . Get some .
 Final Fantasy 7 was simply a great game . The storyline is perfect , gamplay was extraordinary , and the special scenes were simply outstanding ! Great RPG for all you fans of Final Fantasy and RPG type-games . Simply a must-have video game.However , there are some things that need to be looked over ... First off , look at the price . The game is for an older system , and probably manufactured around 1996-98 or so . Charging $ 70.00 for a brand new copy is an unexplicable price to be paying for this game . It was n't even $ 50.00 when it was released onto shelves in games stores several years back . It surprises me how much the price shot up after Final Fantasy 7
 No story has ever beaten this wonderful masterpiece . I wish somone made a book out of it so I can pass it on to the next generation . It 's wonderful and teaches lot 's of things . Makes you think really . If you 've never played a video game ever in your life , start with this one it 's a real big treat.I love some of these other reviews , I 'm glad I 'm not the only one who thinks this is the best game ever made . And I 've played all the final fantasy 's except 12 . Trust me the graphics may be good but the story is not as strong as FF7 . Let 's say this is the only game that I was forced to finish . During the middle of playing this great epic , as was in despair and did n't want to finish the game at all . But revenge was in my mind as I got back in after a week and chased Sepiroth all over the planet . Other games I leave because it 's too long or the story is n't sticking with me.Good times with this one . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The first Final Fantasy on a system is always the best , as it seems to bring out the best in Square 's developers . Final Fantasy VII is no different , with the perfect amount of Playstation flair to compliment , not overtake the strong story and game system that are the series ' hallmarks.While old-school gamers may prefer pre-defined roles for each character , the Materia system is still meritorious on its own , allowing uncomplicated customization of characters and adding great depth to gameplay . Character development proceeds well , with nearly every battle in the game having purpose -LRB- unlike some RPGs where hours are spent `` leveling up '' to get characters past an obstacle -RRB- , and the in-game pointers help clarify locations whenever the lush graphics are unclear . The soundtrack is otherworldly , with several haunting , beautiful songs that are simply unforgettable.But Final Fantasy 's core has always been its great storylines , and this installment has one of the best . Characters develop and mature realistically , and you get to know each one intimately , almost feeling kinship with some of them . The plot is suitably but not comically epic , and the main struggle plays out better than most Hollywood movies . Nearly everyone will laugh and cry at various parts of the game , a feat precious few video games have ever accomplished . From a storyteller 's perspective the shocking twist at the game 's midpoint is perhaps too easy a way to draw emotion from the player , but there is no denying its effectiveness , as it is one of the most memorable scenes in video game history.Square has released many RPGs on Playstation , some of them terrific on their own , but none have topped their first , a must-purchase for all Playstation owners . If you like incredible stories but do n't own a Playstation , it 's worth buying one just for Final Fantasy VII .
 FF7 is the best rpg iv evr played . the graphics are great , and the characters are very well developed . no other rpg has ever had a better storyline , except for maybe FF3 -LRB- FF6 -RRB- . If your interested in the Final Fantasy series than this is where you should start . Do n't waste money on FF8 , its plot blows compared to this . the only beter qualities of ff8 are that is has better graphics , and better cutscenes . FF7 FOREVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !
 Many people have heralded this as `` the greatest game ever made . '' Though that may be going overboard a little , Final Fantasy VII is a true masterpiece -- combining magic , technology , beautiful cinematics and an epic storyline together to create an emotional experience like no other . I wont go into to much length here -LRB- it has all been said above -RRB- , but if you own a Playstation and are a fan of RPG 's , you must own this game.End of story .
 ive had this game pretty much since it came out . easily the best game ever made ! the best of all the final fantasys !! i have ff 5,6,7,8,9,10 and tactics and it is THE BEST . the storyline is incredible -LRB- much better than ff8 's , which i think is the worst ff -RRB- you will find yourself connected to these characters -LRB- i got a little teary eyed when aeris . . well uhhh dont wan na give anything away if youre not there yet -RRB- GET THIS GAME . its a challenge , has a great storyline , awesome characters -LRB- especially Sephiroth -RRB- , and is a great experience . if you are one of the few that hasnt been totally changed by this game , go out and get this before buying any other final fantasy or any other game for that matter . UNBELIEVABLE
 This game is a beautiful work of art that takes you on a trip through happiness , sadness , anger , and just about every other emotion conceivable by man . This game will attach itself to your brain and never let you forget about it . This game never ceases to evoke a reaction from the player , and never ceases to amaze everyone who plays it.STORYLINE
 Final Fantasy 7 is the best final fantasy out there . It is the most fun I have had in a while . It has challenge , depth , and the best storyline . I give this game a highly deserving 5 stars .
 If you are an RPG fan -LRB- especially Square made -RRB- , and you dont have this game yet , you absolutely have to buy it , it is a must . This game , though not the best in graphics -LRB- besides the movies , which are beautiful -RRB- , has one of the best , if not the best story of any RPG . You 'll be hooked from the first battle to the last boss , and enjoy every second of the way . You owe it to yourself to get this game .
 This game may be 5 years old and there has been 3 new installmants in the series but it still is the best . Its story far beyond any other game on any other console including FFX . The love triangle Between Cloud , Tifa and Aeris is just one of many great things about this game . There has never been a more original storyline for a game . Sephiroth is the ultimate video game villian . In closing I feel that this games brilliance will remain unsurpassed for years to come , Its a must have .
 final fantasy 7 takes you into a magical world with it 's multiple plot storyline . When i play this game i ca n't help but relate the game 's virtual earth to our own earth . on you journey you start as an ex shinra -LRB- orginazation that pretty much controls the world -RRB- soldier . You meet new friends and actually start to love them as your own . There feelings and words are so real , you ca n't help to think that you are actually an A.V.A.L.A.N.C.H.E rebel trying to fight shinra 's mako reactors to `` save the earth . However , the journey gets more personal , and awakens the main charachter to his past . You find that you have not even fught your true enemies until your third disc of the game . Final fantasy seven teahces a valuable lesson and proviedes an enjoyable game exerience and i highly recommend this game to anyone who is interested in a rpg of great valor .
 If you have n't played this game , then you must buy it ! Do n't just rent it , buy it ! When i first got it , i had never played it before ... but once i did , it became my favorite game ever , and still is ! The characters are awesome , the story is awesome , the gameplay is awesome , everything is good ... for their time , the graphics are really good . The music is really cool , and totally fits the game . There are tons of sidequests , and it can be played over and over ... i 've played it at least 5 times now !
 Yo guy 's , I have this game and it 's really great just like all the other games like the Final Fantasy saga and other games of Squaresoft . The graphics are n't great but it 's OK and it 's great to play !!!!
 Perfection is a word rarely used when defining video games of the Role Playing genre . Usually with RPG 's there are certain glitches and minor flaws which may taint a gamers perspective of the game . Also it occurs to me that many people decide on a game based on graphics instead of story . Of course most RPG 's are at a disadvantage graphically due to the vastness of the games environments and information . But not with this game . Final Fantasy VII is the alpha and omega of perfection . It holds strong to both graphics and storyline . The storyline is quite simple at first , but takes a 180 and what happens is the most exciting adventure of all time . I will not give specifics to what the storyline holds in store for curious gamers , all that i may say is that to fully experience the game 's twists and turns , you must first turn yourself off to spoilers and enjoy the game for what it is . The beautiful and enchanting music created by Nobuo Uematsu are masterfully appropriate for the games atmosphere and themes . And what gamer could forget the most moving in the entire game ? Of course this piece being Aeris 's Song . On the other end of the music spectra we have the lavish One Winged Angel , Sephiroth 's Boss theme . This game never ceases to entertain or amaze all who may play it . Final Fantasy VII is the pinnacle of video games in all genres . This timeless classic combines racing , underwater Twisted Metal-esque submarine battles , and when you must defend the phoenix from Shinra Inc. , strategy . So in conclusion this game will stand the test of time , and continue to break barriers for RPG 's to come .
 This game is the best . All the characters are great -LCB- except for Aeris -RCB- . The materia system is the best . I spent over 70 hours on this game.You ca n't get the full potential by renting this game . YOU HAVE TO BUY IT .
 You should get this game this instant ! ... Its the most awsome game i have ever played.I think other people who played it will agree.The graphics r AWSOME!The materia/magic system is brillient ! ALL i have to say now is : GET IT ! ... NOW ... !
 This was the first FF title to hit the Playstation back in 1997 when Squaresoft left Nintendo and joined Sony and is STILL a classic by today 's standards . My fav is FFVIII but this is still one of the best . -LRB- graphics ai n't too bad for polygon images either ! -RRB- . There 's a complicated yet interesting system called the ` MATERIA ' system , which allows you to mix different magic spells and abilities . -LRB- it 's easier to get used to after a little while . -RRB- And the storyline and character development is nicely done ! The story is about an ex-SOLDIER named Cloud whom joins the infamous AVALANCHE , a gang of freedom fighters who are out to stop the greedy SHINRA Inc. from sucking the ` mako ' energy from the planet . There is also MORE revealed to Cloud 's past as the plot progresses . Sephiroth is also one of the top three FF villians of mine next to Golbez -LRB- FFIV -RRB- , Kefka -LRB- FFVI -RRB- , and Ultimecia -LRB- FFVIII -RRB- !!! There are also many side-quests and fun mini-games to play . -LRB- the best is at the Gold Saucer area ! -RRB- OVERALL
 This was the best game I have ever played . I have played all the final fantasy games , and this one is the best they have made . Ya , the graphics could be better , but the plot is great ! There are so many side quests . This game will entertain you forever ! I think square should make a remake on this game w / better graphics . I advise you to get the stradigy . . -LRB- sp -RRB- . . guide along with the game , cuz the game has many secrets that are hard to figure out ! GET THIS GAME !
 Final Fantasy is a trademark of Square , inc. and has spawned many games starting with FF1 . The real evolution of the series was in FF7 , and my god , it was an incredible one . FF7 moved the series into 3D , and did an amazing job considering the game 's 1997 release . FF7 pits Cloud , the main character against an evil villain hell-bent on sucking the planet 's energy away and powering himself to immense proportions . Cloud must stop this man , Sephiroth , and save the planet . FF7 has one of the most amazing scripts that I have ever seen . The gameplay stays true to its roots , and the music is a soundtrack that will stick in your head for years to come . This game will always have a place in my heart , and the day I play a better game will be the day that I have met God in heaven . BUY THIS GAME BECAUSE IT IS THE MOST INCREDIBLE PIECE OF ENTERTAINMENT TO EVER CROSS THE EARTH !
 I loved this game . There are so many things you can do in it . It has one of the most complex stories out of all the final fantasys . It 's a great game i reccomend you buy it . The first time i played it took me about 40 hours to complete its well worth 20 bucks . You should get it .
 Let 's face it -- Final Fantasy VII got the whole thing started again . Back in the old days of 8-bit consoles and Commodore 64s , when Apple computers was n't nerd-speak for `` I do n't know how to run my machine , '' RPGs were a very narrowly targeted genre with little flavor or flash in them , and as the consoles outpaced the appeal of the text based , graphics poor style , they started to fall out of favor . It was this game that opened the door for the whole next generation of RPGs and brought the genre into the mainstream , and this game did all those things for very good reasons.I 'll start with the good , because I feel the need to stress that this is a game you 'll probably enjoy . There are a lot of flaws , but the fact of the matter is that you 'll probably only notice them if you go looking for them . What the game has going for it is a fairly intuitive gameplay interface , a cast of interesting characters , and a story that combines innovation with the same old epic qualities to make a nice , comforting blend . Those are the most evident qualities this game has , and they outweigh the shortcomings by a long way.But there are shortcomings , they are significant , and they need to be admitted to . First off , the graphics are just terrible by today 's standards . Forget history -- I want to know if this thing 's going to look good right now , and this is probably the worst game in the entire series in terms of current presentability . The CG movies , while impressive , are exceeded with flagrant ease by every other subsequent Square release , the screens are drawn in a fuzzy fashion that gave me a headache if I tried to play for more than two hours in a row , and the game suffers from severe graphical design schizophrenia . While I have enough imagination to reconcile the blocky , superdeformed character models used through most of the game with the slick , properly proportioned CG figures , that will definitely cause some people trouble . While this game was certainly visually impressive when it came out , these days it just does n't cut muster , and you need to keep that in mind when you pick it up -LRB- even it 's next closest sequel in the series was infinitely better -- you WILL notice the graphics problems -RRB- . This game also can have race issues if you want it to . If you 're overly sensitive about the issue , I 'd avoid this title . Barrett is the only black man in the entire universe , and he 's not that complimentary a character . I do n't particularly care -- he was supposed to be Mr. T , and he turned out well in that regard , but if you intend to read some kind of general statement on the merit of people of a particular shade , you may as well just let this one pass by.The story is also a problem , contrary to the high praise that die-hard fans often give it . This story is confusing for no particular reason , and the writers are totally lost in terms of how they want to tell their tale . I like the characters -- tell me what happens to them . No ? Okay -- then I 'm saving the world . So why do I care about this schmo 's childhood trauma ? The total effect was that when I got to the end of the game , I felt incredibly shortchanged in terms of story fulfillment , since the characters ' significance pretty much takes a nose dive on the third disk . The story is needlessly complex at points and the major inconsistencies are n't dealt with particularly well -LRB- I do not consider a tube of goo an effective address to a plot hole -RRB- . While the plot is innovative and epic , it is also confused and meandering , and you may have to play through it twice to figure out what 's going on.Again , though , I should stress that these problems are n't going to be too big if you do n't want them to be . These are things that you can ignore very easily while you play through the game . The gameplay itself ranks among the best balanced ever , with random monster encounters -LRB- a BAD idea , but one that every game without Grandia or Chrono in the title seems to stick with -RRB- well tailored to the characters ' levels and the game remaining appealing and challenging throughout . This one will appeal to just about anybody , and it should be in any RPG fan 's library .
 This game is Outstanding !! . It is one of my favorite RPG ` s of all time . No other RPG comes close to this one . It has a great story line , memorable characters , and one of the best fight songs for any RPG game . This game deserves the rating I gave because it ` s great for hardcore gamers , and it ` s fun for people who never heard of Final Fantasy ! You will Make this your game for all time , watch and see !!
 I thought the game was excellent . some of my friends thought it was dumb but i bought it any way and i do not regret it it has pretty good graphics . the story line was exciting and the fight was cool you should all get this game . it costs a lot less than it is worth everyone should own one
 Back in 1997 I got this game , and was shocked by how the FF series had improved ! By far , I can not find ONE FF game to match up to this installment . I still play FF7 on and off , I 've beaten about five or six times . If you want one more classic PSone game before PS2 completely takes over ... this is it ! -LRB- sorry it took so long to review ! ... -RRB- : P
 Final Fantasy 7 is the best game that I ever played . I suggest this game to any person that 's into RPG 's . Everything about it is good from the action to how long you can play the game . I think this is definately an amazing game .
 Really good , though also very overrated . It 's a great game , however it is n't 1 -RRB- the best game ever , 2 -RRB- the best RPG ever , or even 3 -RRB- the best Final Fantasy ever . Do n't get me wrong , however , it 's still an excellent game that 's very worth checking out .
 my name is dave radford and ff7 in my opinon is flawless there is nothing wrong with this game surpassing even the so called great ff8 -LRB- i think ff8 is a copy right of ff7 -RRB- and the really good ff9 this game will always hold a place in rpger 's harts the story line in the game is like a movie with each event turning into another very smothly and the game play is inclebing good no great the game also has influenced alot of things like if u saw the ff movie u will notice that the storylines r very simlar in fact i belive most of the story conceps has ff7 orgins and they even make cloud 's sword it is the fantasy sword of 2001 so buy this game i think u will have no choise but to love it
 THIS IS ALL I HALF TO SAY THIS GAME BROKE EVERY RECORD IN 1997 ... IF YOU WANT THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD THEN GET THIS GAME I HAVE FINAL FANTAYSY 8 AND 9 AND 8 SUCKED AND 9 WAS OKAY . SQUARSOFT IF SLACKING OFF IN THERE GAMES ... FINAL FANTASY 7 IS THE BEST AND IF YOU DO N'T THINKG SO THEN YOUR NOT VERY SMART !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is easily the best game ever . The most amazing graphics I 've ever seen . The greatest storyline ever made . Any true gamer must have it .
 Final Fantasy VII is the greatest game I have ever played on PlayStation . It 's the first game I 've ever played with a massive world that is fully explorable , a well organized magic system -LRB- materia -RRB- , and deeply explored characters -LRB- heroes and villains . -RRB- Cloud , Barret , Tifa , Aeris , RedXIII , Sephiroth , Yuffie , Cait Sith , Cid Highwind , and Vincent are unique in their own way . While Cloud , Aeris , RedXIII , Sephiroth , and Vincent are more mysterious , while Cid and Barret are tough talking but have good hearts , and Tifa and Cait Sith are more gentle and friendly , while Yuffie is more of a rogue . As for the villains -LRB- Sephiroth included -RRB- , I really enjoyed a lot . From Reno , Rude , Elena , Scarlet , Rufus Shinra , and to Heidegger , that 's enough variety to keep me busy . All in all , a great game that I would recommend to anybody.PROS Great 3d environment and character development Awesome combat , and great limit break attacks Chocobo breeding!CON -LRB- S -RRB- Yuffie and Vincent are hidden , so if you do n't find them , you miss out .
 THIS GAME WAS JUST AN ALL AROUND GREAT GAME . THE CHARACTERS WERE JUST AWSOME , CLOUD AND TIFA WERE THE BEST FINAL FANTASY COUPLE IN THE HISTORY OF SQUARESOFT . THE GRAPHICS WERE GREAT AND THE MATERIA SYSTEM WAS A LOT BETTER THAN THE JUNCTION SYSTEM . THE ONLY GAMES THAT CAN COMPARE TO THIS MASTERPIECE ARE FINAL FANTASY III , BRAVE FENCER MUSASHI , AND WILD ARMS . FINAL FANTASY VIII COULD NOT COMPARE WITH THIS , SO DO N'T BUY IT . IT WAS AWFUL .
 THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED . IT HAS THE BEST GRAPHICS , CONTROLS AND PLENTY OF OTHER STUFF . AND IT REALLY IS LIKE A MOVIE . MORE OF AN ACTION/DRAMA . I THINK EVERY ONE SHOULD GET THE GAME.OOOOO I FORGOT SOMETHING . THE ENDING IS THE BEST EMDING I HAVE EVER SEEN FOR ANYTHING . IT IS SSSSSOOOOO COOL . PLAY IT AND FIND OUT !
 This is the rpg that defined all rpgs . The game features graphics that surpassed anything else at the time of its release . The big thing about this game is story . So if your not willing to spend a lot of time -LRB- and I mean a lot of time -RRB- , then this might not be the game for you . But it pays off if you play through the whole thing , leaving you wanting more . Overall , there 's really only one small complaint that I have about this game , and that 's its super-deformed characters . Let me explain , whenever you are not in a battle or a full-motion-video -LRB- FMV -RRB- , your character appears as a small , stocky semblance of a human being . Minor gripe , I know , but it needed to be said . Newcomers to the RPG genre will find it easy to pick up -LRB- it teaches you everything -RRB- and old-school RPers wo n't be disappointed either . Basically I 'm telliing you that if you 've got some time and want a story that 's gon na make you laugh and cry , then buy this game !
 Story : In the distant future , a cynical , no-good , greedy power company named Shinra Inc. has somehow discovered how to use the life energy from Earth , slowly draining it bit by bit , using that energy to control the universe . Though , like all stories and games there is a conflict to be solved , and that comes in a resistant orginazation called AVALANCHE , solely vowing to bring Shinra Inc. 's destructive and threatening prose to an end . The main character of the game , and focuses all around him , is an ex-soilder of Shinra Inc. named Cloud Strife , and after parting aquaintices with them , decided to join AVALANACHE instead . Along the way , there are many counters with some very mysterious and powerful allies , who help Cloud fight the deadly , and grotesque creatures Shinra has created to protect it 's towering empire . You , as the game player , will decide their fate , but ultimately , the fate of the entire universe.Presentation : The way in which the game was overall presented -- the case cover picture , the back of the case , the manual , the cds , the world , the graphics , the characters , the way everything was put together , etc. -- only aroused one word to my mind -- Epic.So I give it , a 10 . Graphics : I 'll be honest here . Comparing the graphics of FF 7 , to the graphics of the current games for PS2 , Xbox , etc. -- is one obvious word -- terrible.I mean not so much as to surpass , ` stick people . ` But comparing the graphics of FF7 , to the original time it came out , and comparing it to the original games back then , it was , I guess acceptable . The blurry , shakyness . The ` going through walls ' thing . Those big , anime eyes . Overall , it seems , like the makers of this game , neglected the graphics . Though , the animations are breathtaking.So for the graphics , all in all , I give it a 7Sound : There is mostly , not much sound , because when the characters are speaking it just comes out as dialogue , you have to read . IN some cases , lots and lots of dialogue and monolugue you have to read . But the music in the animations , and the mini-games , and the quality of the sound effects , and stuff like that is not bad.So I give it a 8Gameplay : With the fact that FINAL FANTASY VII , will take over more then 80 hours of your life , to completely finish , should not make you wince and grimace back in fear or disgust , or both , because the controls and overall feel of this game , are easily adaptable , and just plain easy -- and simple -- and the fun and satisfactory and entertainment this game has provided me with , is immense . Too much for me to bear with . It 's overwhelming . From the story , to the unforgettable characters , to the world and setting and controls of FINAL FANTASY VII , it surpasses everyones wildest and greatest expectations , and leaves those with low expectations , uncomprehendedly , ecstaticaly spellbound , panting and panting for more . This game is brilliant . Extremely fun , satisfactory , entertaining , unforgettable in it 's beauty , and will leave anyone who plays it raving and panting with the upmost adoration and care and love to their friends and peers and people all around . This game I would say -LRB- other then a few little flaws , like the graphics -RRB- is perfect , and can easily stand beside such video games that stay true classics , to the RPG/adventure series , like The Legend of Zelda
 it should work on your ps2 but if yours doesent play blue disks or its 2 or 3 years old it probably wont but it played on my freind s just fine hope icould be of assistance
 I 've been a Final Fantasy fan ever since I first played a demo for Final Fantasy 7 . Final Fantasy 7 is , in my opinion , the second best out of the series -LRB- Final Fantasy 8 is the best , get it -RRB- . This game takes you into the life of a young man named Cloud Strife , an ex-SOLIDER who is willing to save his planet from the forces of evil . This game delivered amazing battle technique , incredible CGI sequences , and rememerable characters to the world when Playstation first came out.Of course if you look at the game today , you would say that the graphics are horrible . But back then , the graphics were amazing , people have never seen animated sequences like this before . I would highly recommend this game for all of the RPG gamers and Final Fantasy beginners . This game started it all .
 Never before had such a game been made , and many would argue that none ever will . This game broke all the molds . Just as all its predceeding installments , Final Fantasy VII delivers a simply amazing storyline , making the game worthy enough to play several times over . Add to that beautiful graphics , an hugely expansive world , superb musical scores and sound , with a cast of great characters and you have a game that can never be replaced as the single greatest game of all time , simply because it IS the first game that truly deserves the title of great .
 I was pretty young when my brother first got this game YEARS ago for the old PSX . At first it was confusing , but I got older and understood how it was played . The first day I started playing I was open-mouthed and drooling . Every concept of an RPG is in this game . The graphics , at the time , were AMAZING !!! But the `` old-school '' look of this game is drowned out by the convenient battle system and the cleverly made gameplay , which made the game complex and challenging but exhilirating once you grasped the concept of `` materia '' . The game 's music was amazing -LRB- for game music -RRB- and it had the rare `` good Final Fantasy Plotline '' . Tell me
 Final Fantasy VII is one of the best Final Fantasy games I have ever played . Sure the battles got a little tiring when you had to level up to beat the next boss , but that was ok . Once I beat the game the first time , I just had to play it again ! Because now I knew what I was doing , and I could relax a little bit more and go for the side quests and ultimate weapons and the golden Chocobo and stuff . This game has a really great storyline , and when it ended ... I craved for more ! No other Final Fantasy game has left quite such an impact . Final Fantasy X came close , but that still left much to be desired , that should have been in the game.All in all , Final Fantasy VII is the best I 've seen from Square-Enix . I 'm glad they 're making a remake for the PS3 , and whether or not I ever get a PS3 , I 'm definentally buying the game .
 Man , I remember playing this game along time ago , did it get old ? Never ! This is the ultimate Final Fantasy game . The story is brilliant , the graphics are dated , but the awesome gameplay makes up for it . I highly recommend this to any Final Fantasy collectors collection . I loved it !
 Although it may hail from the nineties and the graphics may seem dated , FF VII is still a game to be played . It was the first fully 3-D role playing game and an immense influence on every RPG to come after it.With a riveting story line that takes time to develope the characters , various mini games and several side quests , it is worth replaying or even enjoying for the first time.The battle and weapon/materia system is easy to understand , and I say that with FF VII being the first video game I ever played.This game is a classic and with Final Fantasy
 I first got this game when I was 8 years old , one year after it was made , I played it and could n't understand it , but two years later , I tried again after finding it and discovered that it is a dead-awesome game ! The game is a thrill and entertaining , I love it to this day , and whenever I hear something new on FFVII I always snap into the conversation to hear and swap details.This is probably the best Final Fantasy ever made so far , and probably will be the greatest from here and on !
 best best best best best best best best best best best best best best game everya sure its old but that doesnt take away its fun and complex story linebuy it i promise u its the best . cloud is the best main character ever he is strong and ... well he is strong . buy it u wont be disapointed
 Words ca n't describe this game but I can try . Final Fantasy VII is the first entrance into 3D for the Final Fantasy series and this game has got to be the most well done game ever made . The storyline is brilliant . The characters are what characters of every game are suppose to be ... basically , you get so involved with them . I know this is part of the characters but this game also has the greatest villian of all time , Sephiroth . Graphics
 I played Final Fantasy VII when I was a sophomore in High School . It was the first RPG I ever played . When Final Fantasy VII came out , it was on the 32 bit Playstation -LRB- one -RRB- . At that time Final Fantasy 's graphics were outstanding . I agree that Final Fantasy VIII and IV looked better , however they were also made a couple of years later . Truth be told
 THE best rpg you can get . it takes a bout 1 hour to get the hang of . not easy but not hard . out of all the final fantasy games it has the best carictors but the only problem is that your carictars have small bodys . exsept for the fights and movies
 This was a very addictive game , with lots of fun involved . When I first saw this game , I thought it would reek , because the fighting scenes are n't great . But this game is a lot more than just fighting , it 's an awesome RPG , maybe one of the best . Some of the bad language is not needed , but it 's easy to look past that.One thing that really bugged me was that in some parts it was just too hard , and you could walk around for hours and not figure out what you were supposed to do . But other than that it was great . You can actually play arcade games inside this game , and there is even a place where you can shoot some hoops ! There is a big mix inside this , you can drive a motorcycle , a chocobo : -RCB- , and some hover crafts . This game is really fun , and has I think about 50 hours of gameplay on three different discs , so go out and get yours today!Jesse
 hey guys this game rocks.You need to buy this game.here is some info on the game : What begins as a rebillion aganst an evil empire becomes much more and what erupts goes beyond imagination . You need to buy this game ... ! If you want all of the Final Fantesy seris here are their names
 THIS THE GAME OF THE CENTURY !!! Never mind FF8 or the others , THIS GAME BLOWS THEM ALL OUT OF THE WATER !!!!!!! Who the heck would argue with that ?!?! FF8 might have a tiny , teeney bit better graphics , BUT THAT 'S ABOUT IT !!! It is the best GAME EVER !!!! It 's got everything you 'll ever need in a game!I still have n't even finished it!But I 'm hopin ' till my mind splits -LRB- ouch -RRB- for them to make a sequel or a movie!And do n't even think about gettin ' FF9 because all it 's got is good graphics and it 's probably a bunch of crap!So buy the game for Cripes sake !
 The Ultimate game around.The best RPG on any system . A `` must get '' for anyone . Better than Final Fantasy 8 or any other game for that matter . The intricate storyline begins around Cloud Strife a mercenary who was formerly in the SHINRA army called SOLDIER . Now Cloud has been hired by a group of mercenaries who call themselves AVALANCHE to destroy one of the SHINRA reactors . Little does cloud know that this mission would Change his life beyond his imagination . Cloud will meet many playable charactors and infinite unplayable charactors many of whom shape his destiny . Cloud must not only battle SHINRA but also himself and Sepheroth who is part of the darkest secret . A story of love , hate , war , compassion and these sweet furry things called chocobo 's . Expect between 40-100 hours of nonestop playing .
 I think Final Fantasy 7 is one of the best RPG games in stores for PlayStation . This has been the funnest game I have so far . Its kinda hard though but thats the fun part of it all , you get action and adventure with a 21 year old Soldier named Cloud Strife .
 This is better than FF8 by far ! Very far ! My fav things about FF7 over FF8 are the summons -LRB- in FF8 there are less and junctioning is confusing -RRB- and Red XIII -LRB- 13 for any idiots out there -RRB- . I 'm not sure why I like Red XIII but I am using FF7 walpaper in windows that is centered on him . Maybe he just looks cool or acts cool . But anywho BUT THE GAME ALREADY ! AHHHHH ! BUY IT !
 Doooooood ! -LRB- dude ! -RRB- Ahhhhhhhhhhh ! This game rules ! If you are thinking about buying this or FF8 , buy this ! FF8 is good but not as much as emotion as FF7 . But if you can buy both ! The only bad thing about this game is materia ! It is confusing . What is materia you say ? BUY THE GAME !
 Actually , I am writing this review as a way to reminisce . I bought Final Fantasy VII the day that it was released , you got it , 1997 . It was the first RpG I had ever played and I could not stop playing it . Being the first RpG I had played I thought I was getting close to the end of disc one -LRB- hehe , stupid me -RRB- the first time that you visit the Chocobo Ranch ! The story is great , period . Better than Final Fantasy VIII 's , that 's for dang sure . The graphics were good for their time and still hold up pretty well . The limit gauge idea was a goood addition that they should have stuck to in FF8 and the characters actually had backgrounds and ... well ... character ! The only character I found to be bland and lackluster was Tifa but that 's only because she never really played a huge role in the story or any of it 's sidequests -LRB- the two secret characters are more developed -RRB- . The key to a good RpG is story . NOT graphics . FFVII could have looked like FFV and I would have still benn impressed with the story/game overall . I 've played through FF7 three times , getting all of the sidequests and all of the secrets and the game still apeals to me . I 'm working on my fourth . Buy it .
 All in all , this is the best RPG that I have ever played . This game has it all ! First off , this game has some the best graphics featured in a Playstation roleplaying game . Most importantly , FF7 has an excellant and very deep storyline that will keep you busy playing your playstation for weeks . Also , the gameplay is excellant with a nicely set up item menu , which has been one of the back bones of the Final Fantasy series . Most importantly , this game is long enough and deep enough to give you weeks of entertainment . No wonder this game is a Playstation classic .
 Yes i 've played this game and it 's my alltime favorite . I mean the graphics are outstanding and tifa is the hottest girl in the game .
 After 700-something reviews , FFVII has a 4 and a half star rating . That should convince anyone to buy the game . Those one star reviewers are a minority for a reason.FFVI WAS the most superior RPG . But FFVII has subverted its predessor and continues to dominate the series and the genre.Gamewinners , one of the largest game-help and discussion sites on the web , has had many polls on FFs . And the results always show FFVII as the top-game - not only in the series but in the entire RPG world . It is even regarded as
 This game really rocks ! Maybe it 's because of the cute yellow birds also known as Chocobos , or maybe it 's because of their fantastic movies . Their battle systems are easy to keep up with and I like how they introduced their characters . This truely is the greatest game I 've ever played .
 I 'd like to start off with saying that you are never too old to have a little fun playing a video game . I saw that some jerk said you have problems if you are over 14 and playing this game and I think they have some nerve ... now on to the review :-RRB- ! I thought this game was excellent . It 's the first FF game I 've ever owned or played and I 've absolutely fallen in love with it . Yeah , the graphics are n't so great , but you ca n't really judge these games out of the context of their times . I find it captivating and challenging in many places and highly recommend it to other :-RRB- ! Enjoy !
 Okay , lets get this strait . out of 100 people , about 80 will love this game and call it as millions have , the BEST GAME EVER CREATED . Then you 've got another 10 who think this game a great and enjoyable expirience , but not the greatest ever . Then you have another 9 who think it is satisfactory , and is just an average game . And ... then you have that 1 unique person who believes it is absolute s *** and not worth the time of day . That one person may really think this game sucks , and he may tell you so in a review . But it is kind of tough to trust just one review when 80 more are praising it like the key to heaven , 10 who are throwing compliments at squaresoft , and 9 who give it the mediocre 3 star review . So I 'm here to set things strait . If you are wondering , I 'm with the 80 people that believe this game is THE BEST OF THE BEST . It has bad graphics , I 'll admit that , but good graphics are a luxury that not all great games have . Look at Super Mario 64 . The graphics now a days are soon to be beaten by Play Station Portable , a portable system ! But everybody still loves that game for its pure fun . And FF7 is like that to.Let me start off with what is the absolute most important key to a good game , in my oppinion atleast . The story . In FF7 , there is an un-comparable story that is filled with characters with unsolved pasts , a history of war and carnage , and a once perfect docile world . Unfortunetly , the corparation SHINRA is shattering that peace , and the characters must stop it for it could eventully lead to the planets demise . All the while , you must clean up the un-settled pasts of your characters . And there also is a dark evil lurking in the shadows , completely overlooked by SHINRA that could ultimetly lead to the destruction of all things . If this story does not sound appealing to you , then do not not consider it ... for I have bareley scraped the tip of the iceburg . Overall , I give this Story a perfect score on my 1-10 scale , 1 being utterly terrible , and 10 being one of a kind , well thought out , and utterly perfect.STORY :10 / 10The next important thing about a game is withought a dought , how much fun will you have while playing it ? Well , squaresoft did the job their to . While the storyline itself is very deep and heavy on the player ... Squaresoft put comic relief in perfect places , alot of the times it will be Barret losing his temper and going on a swearing spree . But the thing that really adds fun to this game is the GOLD SAUCER . The gold saucer is an amuzement park exclusive to FF7 . While there , you can have chocobo races , ride a roaller coaster , almost anything you want to do . Add that in with dozens of mini-games and you have a very fun and enjoyable game . I 'll give this a perfect score as well because it is not like that new game `` Tak and the Power of Juju '' , it is really deep and serious . You ca n't be shooting lamma 's with a BB gun while learning of ones vengeful and un-clean past . But this game has comic relief when neccessary , not everywhere.OVERALL FUN :10 / 10The next thing I 'll talk about is the music . Considering this winter this game will have been made 7 years ago , it has pretty nice music . Actully , the music is jaw dropping awesome . When your getting Vincent , the game is supposed to be spooky . The lights are broken , the floor creeks , but this could just mean a power outage in an old house if not for the backup music . The music is just made up of notes , beats , and a rythym , but I can gurantee if you played it all alone in a dark room , it would send chills down your spine . It is n't the best high quality music , but it is placed absolutely perfectly to give you the feeling its trying to give you . So I give this a perfect score again.MUSIC :10 / 10Graphics
 this game is friggin ' awesome ... best damn rpg ever made ... if you pass this game up , youre absolutely nuts . if you like ANY sort of rpg-like game , this game is most defidently for you ... no wonder its a greatest hits game ! i STRONGLY reccommend !
 While not quite as graphical as number 10 Final fantasy has one of the most lush story lines in ff history . I mean who did not cry when * spoiler * . Buy this game if your a huge fan of rpgs or final fantasys .
 this game is 2nd to none ... except shenmue 1 & 2 ... seriously , everyone should be required to beat ff7 : - p
 I have n't read reviews on this game for the past 4 moths , and I come back , and I see the star rate lower , and I see all these 1 star reviews saying the graphics sucked , and FF VIII was better . So what is it ? A group of FF8 lovers who just had to do this to fell better , or is it one person , posting reviews over and over again . Well , for starters , graphics do n't make a game , that 's why this game sold the most out of any FF game . And 8 better than 7 , HA ! Final Fantasy 8 was more of a soap opera , and the juncion system plain out stinks . The materia system was a lot easier . I mean , come on , lem me get back to the issue , these 1 star reviews are just there to bring this games star rate down . Well whatever those 1 star folls do , they just ca n't except the fact that Final Fantasy 7 will always be better than 8 , no matter what . Not graphicways , but in every other way possible . And these reviews are not gon na change what a great game it is . But to all the earlier hnest reviews . Those are the reviews to trust if you really want to think of what kind of game this really is .
 For all of you FF lovers . This is a great game . Join Barrett , Tifa , Red , Aeris , Cid , and two secret players -LRB- Yuffie and Vincent -RRB- , along with Cloud . Explore a whole world with a team of three . Your enemy is Sephiroth . This is a long game but very worth while .
 This game is , quite possibly , the greatest final fantasy game ever made . After playing this game , i gave up all of my non-roleplaying games , such as need for speed and nfl blitz . This game sets the standard for which all other roleplaying games should be graded . By the way , there is a new movie coming out , based on FF VII . it 's called Advent Children , and it looks extremely good .
 To all who have played this gem , you can understand when i say this is the finest game ever made . I played the game when i was about 14/15 -LRB- 5/6 years ago -RRB- for the playstation . I actually bought it for 20 in a second hand shop . I was captivated for months . Everytime i play it theres a rush of nostalgia . The music is so captivating . The game lasts for ever and then theres is tons to do after that . -LRB- oh to beat the ruby weapon you need knights of the round -LRB- and so many other things -RRB- all you ff freaks know what i mean -RRB- . The game focuses on the journey of a mercenary called cloud - although put you own name in -LRB- its better -RRB- . He joins a group called Avalance run by Barret intent on ruining the top policing corporation known as shinra . Shinra control Midgar which is a grotty industrial city . The story gradually unfolds as the game progresses . Once you are out of Midgar you have a massive world to explore with over 15 cities/areas to explore . As cloud and Barret progress through the world with an array of other characters who rally to the cause he meets aries , an eventual love interest , and one that does n't end happily , or does it ? . Its too hard to put into words . This is n't a game its an emotion . I 'm so passionate about this game , it captivates you and although i 'm 20 now i know i can go back to this game and be lost in a magical world of friendship and fantasy . If you want to play the greatest game ever look no further , this is the best interactive experience ever made and will be the closest you come to an emotional relationship with computer characters . Buy it now , i 'm off to race a gold chucobo and fight the emerald weapon , then i 'm going after ruby ...
 First i would like to point out that this game is old , seven years to get exact . Out of all of my games , it 's the oldest -LRB- except for Res Evil -RRB- and for one reason , i traded all the others off . I got tired with them , practially memorizing the dialog -LRB- that and my genesis commited suicide -RRB- . FF7 though , I can still sit down and play for two days straight -LRB- i just love running cid into trees in the snow boarding mini game . -RRB- It 's not fair to compare it to FF10 -LRB- especially that rip off of a sequal X-2 -RRB- . It 's like giving the same test to a 10 year old and a 17 year old , naturally the 17 year old will get a higher score . It 's like comparing the first Zelda game to Ocarina of Time . It 's just so ... . obvious . When it comes to story line gimmie a break , anyone ever play FF5 ? I love the game because the charaters are just out there but the storyline is so disjointed that i ca n't get more than three hours into the game without shutting it off . I would also like to say that I am an avid Cloud hater but he is ten times the charater of Squall the Wall . The Dream squences in eight were ill-planned . I 've tried several times with the determination to finish the game all the way through before I 'll even allow myself to see the sun -LRB- simply because of the challenge -RRB- and I give up somewhere in disc 3 . I just ca n't handle the unrestrained angst-fest . Even Selphie and Zell angst ! FF9 is perhaps the only post FF7 game i would compare when it comes to storyline and I 'm not going anywhere near FF10.And for those of you that ca n't get past the first boss , take the time to look through the little book in the game case , it has a mini guide . Even if you do n't do that , perhaps you should read what you characters 's tell you during the battle . They tell you flat out how to beat the boss.I love this game , even if Cloud is off his rocker and Seph is a -LRB- feminine-looking -RRB- man-whore . Not to mention they 're making Advent Children . That should speak for itself .
 I feel bad saying this now but I was n't really a fan of Final Fantasy untill one of my friends introduced me to squaresoft 's legendary series . It was n't untill FF9 was put out on market that I decided to play one of these great games . The first I tried was FF7 , and let me say , I have n't played a better Final Fantasy game yet . Not even 10 . This is definitely the greatest RPG ever , and in my mind no matter whatever squaresoft comes up with next , nothing will ever be as good as this.The key feature of this game is the unforgetable , emotional , and exciting storyline . It will trap you in an epic journey sure to make you itchin ' for more.You start off as an ex-SOLDIER member named Cloud Strife who joins a group of `` resistance fighters '' who call themselves AVALANCHE . What seems like a fairly easy task of blowing up a Mako reactor , suddenly turns into a battle for life and death against a superior enemy known as Sephiroth -LRB- for a bad guy this dude seems like a really cool guy . -RRB- Your buddies for this adventurous trip are known as Barett , Tifa , Aeris , and two secret characters -LRB- if you find them -RRB- are known as Vincent , aka Vampire guy and Yuffie , aka Ghetto ninja girl.I hope I have inluenced you into buying this game and if so just remember these two things :1 . It is worth the money , I guarantee .2 . Once you start playing do n't expect to put the controller down for a couple of hours if not longer .
 I ca n't put down this game . Every time i look at it i want to play MORE !!! O man , i must 've beat the game over ten times . I do n't really care about how the graphics look , the battle system is awesome , and i love the hidden characters , Vincent , and Yuffie . Since i 'm so nice , i 'll tell ya where and how to get these critters.Yuffie - Look in the gongaga forest , until you get in a fight with a strange ninja . Fight , the talk to her . But whatever you do DO NOT SAVE YOUR GAME , OR EVEN OPEN THE MENU !!!!!! if you do , she 'll steal some of your gil . She 'll tell you thing 's , and you respond to these . i forget what they were . But for the last one , do n't ask her what her name is , just say '' Let 's hurry '' and she 'll be part of ur teamVincent - Quit simple . Go to the shinra mansion and Nibleheim and go to the safe . Enter this code in the time limit `` 36,10,59,97 '' if you get it correct the safe will open . But then you got ta fight a REALLY tough boss . After you defeat him , take the safe key and the ODIN materia and go to the purple hallway in the basement . There you will see a door on top when your walking sideways to the library . Open the door , and press 0 on the closed coffin.That 's surely to add excitement to your ff7 adventure . So you do n't have to go thru all the frusteration of looking all over for them . I also like to tell you about the gold chocobo , and the round isle . Breed your chocobos at the ranch . Make sure you race them well . when you get a gold chocobo , go to the end of the map . you 'll see a round isle . Go inside and you 'll have the legendry KNIGHTS OF THE ROUND MATERIA . If you you buy this game , i assure you , you will get hooked ! IT 'S NOT A WASTE OF MONEY ! If you are a true final fantasy fan , you oughtta buy this .
 Final Fantasy VII changed my life . It introduced me to the world of RPGs . It also changed the number of hours I sleep , amount of homework I do , and amount of time I spend grooming and bathing . What ? It 's been a week since I last showered ? Whatever , I 've got time to play FFVII.Anyway , flat out and simple
 Final Fantasy VII is by far the best game in the series . That 's including ff10 . The game has the best story ever told in a video game , and it has some of the best gameplay too . The only game that ever gave me as much fun as this game was Halo
 OK first off , the materia system rocks because it allows certain combos like cure + all . And also how you gain limit breaks . th more enemies you finish off , the higher chance of getting a new limit break . Also how the materia gets leveled up . it may seem like alot of AP to cover before it levels up , but if your training to get sum1 's limit break , eventually alot of your materia is leveling up , even if you may not know it . And last , who in the world cares about graphics . Sure , the field graphics are poor , but when you 're in a battle the graphics change ALOT . so buy this game and i bet you my soul you wo n't be dissapointed .
 You are Cloud Strife , an uncaring mercinary , once a member of SOLDIER , 1st class too . Or are you?SPOILERS AHEADHired by AVALANCHE , a rebel group against Shin-Ra Inc. , Cloud must help to stop the powerful corporation from sucking the energy itself from the planet -LRB- usuing mako reactors -RRB- and using it to generate electricity . The energy , mako , may soon run out . Shin-Ra too knows this and they begin their search for the ` Promised Land ' , the land of an ancient race -LRB- Cetra -RRB- which has enough mako to last millenia 's . You have an ancient on your side and Shin-Ra wants her for she could lead them to the Promised Land . Protect Aeris and stop the Shin-Ra from reaching the Promised Land . Sounds simple enough but when Jenova , the decapitated alien that almost completely wiped out the Cetra thousands of years ago escapes from Shin-Ra 's research lab things begin to get a little complicated . A long thought dead General , the ` son ' of Jenova is back to help his mother ` reclaim ' the planet with the power of the ` Reunion ' of Jenova -LRB- where her head will be rejoined to her body -RRB- and the terrifying black materia he aims to wipe out the entire population of the planet in one move . Even the Shin-Ra reckonise this threat yet they still seek to stop AVALANCHE every step of the way.With the Turks racing with you to the Promised Land and with General Sephiroth always one step ahead , can you survive ? Expect casualties.The Planet has natural defenses too and with the serious threats to it 's life it 's time to activate the hundred foot WEAPONS that will destroy the threats and the Planet beleives that humans are the enemy ! Is there no salvation ? Play the game to find out and delve deeper into the storyline that I have barely touched upon . I hav n't even mentioned half of the fantastic characters -LRB- personal favourites are Vincent , Sephiroth and Reno -RRB- that drive this great game in the even higher heights .
 The title says it . This game is beautiful in every respect . The graphics are a bit cruddy by today 's standards , but that should n't get in the way of the strongest part of FFVII
 Final Fantasy VII is the best role-playing game i have ever played . It has great gameplay and is very easy to understand and play . It is a great game for beginner Role-Players . Awesome graphics and story . I definately recommend this game .
 I bought this game this year and at first i thought the graphics were horrible.The people looked like lego characters with not really much face detail.But soon these characters will seem like your best friends in the epic adventure of a lifetime.Even now in 2001 i was still stunned by the graphics in some of the movies.The story line is so engrossing you will probably find yourself playing for hours at a time and laying up at night thinking about it.This game features a very complex main character with a mysterious past ,2 hidden bosses ,2 hidden characters , and a fantastic musical score that will leave you breathless.Playing aroung with the materia combos and battle strategies is always fun , and breeding chocobos to get the fabled knights of the round materia is a whole new game in itself.Buy this game now , you wont be dissappointed.I have put 45 hours of my life into the best game i ever played , maybe someday all you readers will too .
 This game should go down in history as one of the best games ever written . The plot is fantastic , deep and keeps moving . The graphics are amazing . The battle system just right . Definitely awesome .
 The Final Fantasy Series is the greatest series of games ever . I have played Final Fantasy 7 , 8 , and 9 and enjoyed all of them . Final Fantasy 7 has a great story along with great game play . Final Fantasy 8 and 9 follow closey but Final Fantasy 7 is the best . It is a game that takes strategy , skill , and patience . Great game . I strongly recommed it for all RPG players , or anyone for that matter .
 This is my favorate of all the final fantisy games i 've played . no granted , i 've only played 8 , 7 , and Legend 3 . but it beets those into the ground . I particularly like the plot and charector developement . Seperoth is the best charector in the game , although killing the weapons is quite pleasing .
 I having been playing Role Playing games steadily since nintendo , and Sega Master System . And this is the Best Role Playing game I have played with Phantasy Star of Master system a close 2nd . I am only on disc one still , but I ca n't stop playing this game I have to finish it , I just bought FFIX , after reading a review on FFVIII I decided to pass but may go back if someone can change my mind .
 This literally is the god of all RPGs . The storyline , characters , graphics , and all bugs and glitches -LRB- that are n't there -RRB- make this the best Final Fantasy game yet . In my opinion , this is still better than FF9 . A must for any gamer , especially if you 're into RPGs , you will play for HOURS -LRB- seriously , no one will be able to tear you away -RRB- . I would n't reccomend this game for anyone under the age of 11 , unless they are mature , and can understand that the fighting and violence is not real . You grow very attached to characters and it is almost heartwrenching when they die . I ca n't say anything bad about this game . You just have to try it for yourself .
 This is most definitly the GREATEST game ever . You get so attatched to the characters that when stuff happens you wan na cry . In certain parts there is no doubt that you will become sad . It 's very emotional and has the greatest storyline ever . This game beats any other . FF8 and 9 in my point of view . BUY THIS GAME ! The music fits the scene perfectly . 1 winged angle is so increadibly awesome!The bad guy 's are the greatest and the Magic is increadible . The summons take my breath away even if I 've seen them like 600 times -LRB- KOTR -LRB- Knights of the round -RRB- Even if the game is 3 discs long it is worth it . The suspence of the game is increadible . I almost had a heart-attack waiting . It may seem pretty boring -LRB- To idoits -RRB- at the begining but play on and you 'll be hooked . My GOD THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER ! Sephiroth ... What can I say , He 's cool and Jenova ... never expected that.Clouds past is cool.He 's always hears this voice in his head ... -LRB- Did n't Tseng say to Aries when she was a child . . `` Surely yuo hear voices when your all alone -RRB- Anyway ... This game is hilarious and great.BUY IT NOW !!
 This is most definitly the GREATEST game ever . You get so attatched to the characters that when stuff happens you wan na cry . In certain parts there is no doubt that you will become sad . It 's very emotional and has the greatest storyline ever . This game beats any other . FF8 and 9 in my point of view . BUY THIS GAME ! The music fits the scene perfectly . 1 winged angle is so increadibly awesome!The bad guy 's are the greatest and the Magic is increadible . The summons take my breath away even if I 've seen them like 600 times -LRB- KOTR -LRB- Knights of the round -RRB- Even if the game is 3 discs long it is worth it . The suspence of the game is increadible . I almost had a heart-attack waiting . It may seem pretty boring -LRB- To idoits -RRB- at the begining but play on and you 'll be hooked . My GOD THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER ! Sephiroth ... What can I say , He 's cool and Jenova ... never expected that.Clouds past is cool.He 's always hears this voice in his head ... -LRB- Did n't Tseng say to Aries when she was a child . . `` Surely yuo hear voices when your all alone -RRB- Anyway ... This game is hilarious and great.BUY IT NOW !!
 Final Fantasy VII is my favorite game . The graphics are O.K , but the story is what the game is known for . The music sets the mood and the CG animations sequenses make gamers want to play this game over and over . I would recomend to all gamers that they purchase this game ASAP .
 of course everyone is familiar with the FF series , personally i love them all and it all started with FF VII which was the first Final Fantasy i played ... need my opinion ? it 's AWESOME !!
 Its been a decade since this game has been released & all i can say is ` wow ' . This game gets soo much praise -LRB- and well blasphemy too -RRB- & even has been hailed as ` Quite Possibly The Greatest Game Ever Made ' , however that 's not possible , only to those who think this is the greatest game ever made . But i urge people to try this game out , despite the outdated graphics & no voice overs.You start off as a mercenary , an Ex-Soldier named Cloud who is working with a group named ` Avalanche ' , a team of members who infiltrates Shin-Ra 's biggest Mako city , Midgar . Mako is destroying the planet & Avalanche -LRB- known as hippies or treehuggers -RRB- is trying to stop that from happening . What Cloud does n't realize is he 's closer to Shin-Ra then he thinks . And a mysterious man known as Sephiroth suddenly attacks Midgar after a tragic event that took place in . . Crisis Core
 Final Fantasy 7 is the best verson of the game I have played , games before it were good , but games after have been lacking in enjoyable of play , too complex game play or just bad plots have made me keep going back to playing FF7 instead of anything since .
 I have to name this the `` Best RPG Ever '' . It set the standard for RPGs going forward . The graphics , story , scope , and action were all ground-breaking . It made the PS1 a viable system and Sony is now a major player in the video game market.Despite all the accolades and achievements , this is a fun game . Its dated now , but I can still find enjoyment in it .
 As someone who plays video games mainly for storylines and character development , this is by and far my favorite RPG experience.I would probably be classified as a fanboy ; owning action figures and soundtracks of Final Fantasy games , but I believe this is one of the greatest stories ever told about a group of freedom fighters going up against great forces of evil.At times epic and heartbreaking , mind bending and deep in religious undertones , FF7 is a story that takes place in another world but reflects many aspects of war and greed in our own .
 this by far is one of the greatest rpgs of all time very good story great characters and nice visuals
 Part of the turn-based Canon of modern video games , FFVII features a detailed storyline which develops through long campaigns and optional side missions which yeild items , experience , and other useful results to help the player defeat his archnemesis , Sephiroth.This kind of gameplay focuses on third person turn-based strategy , so fans of first person shooters or real-time strategy should move on from this title . Otherwise , prepare for a gaming experience of many hours and even more monsters and heroes in a battle to save their world .
 I got this game 11 years ago and could n't stand it . Only played it for about 20 minutes . I thought I was reading a book not playing a video game so I gave it away . 11 years later I played crisis core final fantasy 7 for the psp and thought `` wow this is a good story '' so I decided to play the original Final Fantasy 7 , to my surprise it was selling for well over 100 dollars , then I thought this must be a really good game . Come to find out this is a true masterpiece , after playing it I am hooked on Final Fantasy , they have such a wonderfully story , the graphics are always state of the art . And they are timeless treasures you can come back to even 11 years and say wow .
 With impressive graphics , unforgettable characters , and a simply amazing storyline , Final Fantasy VII is definately a game that should n't be underestimated . There are many ways to go about playing the game , you can go straight through the story , or you can take your time and explore . And that 's one of the things I like about RPGs . It 's a must have for any gamer , in my opinion .
 the greatest video game ever made . If you have never played this game , do yourself a favor and PLAY IT !!!!!!!!
 This Game rocks ! I think the reason the game price went back up so much is because of the movie advent children . That was an AWESOME movie and after watching it I just wanted to play the game again . I think that could be why . Who knows . I cant wait to start playing again - just finished FF2 and started FF3 . Square Enix defined RPG with the final fantasy series . !!!!
 This game rox ! I started out with the pc version but it was screwy so then i got it for psx . Its more faster , better , and more realistic . I am a master of FF7 . I have all lmiit breaks , all chocobos , chocobo racing champion , and all materia found in the materia caves . Im still working on getting MASTER materia . My fav part of game is the Gold Saucer and kicking Sephiroth 's Azz . My fav char is cloud . TIFA IS HOT !!! :P Barret and cid , got ta get that soap ! :P BTW i found a glitch in my game . On the 2nd disk and 3rd , the guy chasing the kids by the battle arena and the speed arena says , `` Be careful of Meteo . '' Anyone notice ????
 This game , ff7 , is , in my opinion , the greatest game ever made . after playing most final fantasys , i expected it to be the same as the other 's , but this game is far better . If you like this game , you will probably also like ff9 , another great game , but stay away from 8 . ff8 , in my opinion , is the worst game ever made .
 This was the first Final Fantasy game that I ever played , and it is still hands down my favorite . I beat it the first time in about 60 hours , and then popped the first disc back in for a second go . The second time I ran the clock far beyond the 99:99 mark in an attempt to get all the secrets and beat the two extra WEAPON bosses . The later FF games might have sharper graphics , but the gameplay does n't even come close in VIII or IX . Here there is no tedious drawing of spells , and no dumbed down Equipment = Abilities system . The Chocobo racing/breeding side game is my favorite RPG mini-game yet . And the music ... is just amazing , heads and shoulders above the music for any other game in the series , or any other game I 've played period . Its subtle , sometimes not even noticable unless you really make a point to listen to it , and it compliments the mood of the scene or area perfectly . Despite its subtlety you 'll find yourself humming the melodies , not quite sure where you heard them.Despite all these things , it is the storyline that makes this game what it is . This game and VIII have the best storylines that I have encountered on the PS One generation of consoles . Unfortunately VIII is bogged down by the hideous battle system that tends to distract one from the story . VII is an epic , yet it focuses on the personal aspects of each character , so that you are really drawn into the story.I never liked RPGs before I played this game , and after three years I 'm still waiting for another RPG to come along that is this good . The closest I 've found so far is probably FFIX , an excellent game in its own right , but VII still remains the champion . Buy this game .
 I think Final Fantasy 7 is the best Final Fantasy game even Final Fantasy 8 ca n`t beat it . If you have not played it you should . Also the battle system is easy to use . Another thing is there are lots of codes for the game . Also there are lots of options in the game you ca n`t do it all unless you play it over and over . Sepheroth may be the super bad guy but he is not the hardest boss . Also there are optional characters you can get .
 This game has to be the best of the Final Fantasy Series and probably the best RPG ever ! It may take a while to get some things but it is alot of fun . It has a variety of characters , weapons , and everything a game needs , thats why I give it 5 stars !
 The game starts when you are Cloud a Shinra inc soldier and you quit and join a team of mercenaries called avalanche . They want to destroy all of shinra and make midgar a free town . You will fight in over 1000 battles with monsters and Hard bosses . You will have a long journey to finally reach your goal ... To KILL Seperoth for all people . He was a friend of yours until he went crazy and started killing . His artificial mother or not real mother Jenova is someone you must kill . She is deadly and youll find out how to kill her later in the game . Seprioth is the enemy , you wont find that out until later in the game . I dont want to spoil the game but . . its the best game ever made . !
 If you read my nickname you will automatically see that I LOVE Final Fantasy games . If I could , I would say this . If you do n't already own this masterpiece journey across three discs , then BUY IT . But of course I ca n't do that so I 'm going to suggest it ! Great Gameplay , Beautiful Graphics , Marvelous Music , and a bit of language -LRB- they say a lot of bad words . but the really bad ones are encrypted -RRB- makes this game a Role Playing Gamer 's Paradise !
 The Final Fantasy Series were ok ... not too great or not too bad until FF7 came . It changed Everything . I was quite impressed about the Beginning FMV , Because FF6 's quality of the graphics werent so great . Thee storyline is sooooo good . Sometimes it made me laugh , and even cry . The only thing i did n't like about it was the part that happened in the end of the first disc ... I 'm not telling !! Anyway ... The battle with Sephiroth was a little challenging , But the Ending FMV was soooooo Good . The Graphics were great !! FF VII is the best RPG in all time !! Its well worth your money . SOOOO BUY IT !
 This game is awsome . It has the best graphics . It is one of the most addictive games . Once you start playing , you will never stop . It has over 50 + hours of gameplay . And every second of that time is interesting . It is a must have for anyone and everyone . If you own a ps one , you have to have this in your collection !!!
 This game is truly the best game i ever played on the playstation game console . the character design : perfect the map : perfect the story : perfect this is the greatest games ever made by square soft are this game and close behind is chrono trigger which you can get in a joint package with final fantasy 4 , another very well made square soft game and very much worth buying ... later ...
 This game is , simply put , the greatest game ever made.And it was made nearly eight years ago.Squaresoft has always been known for their FF series . Their lush sense of storytelling and unique battle systems , have had gamers hooked for nearly 15 years . So what happened when FF7 came out ? A masterpiece was born , and quickly had gamers hooked.FF7 is the story of a guy named Cloud , who is the member of a revolt group entitled Avalanche who is trying to stop Shinra Corp from destroying the cities . The premise itself is pretty straightforward , but Squaresoft delivers it in such a grand way . I was never bored by the cutscenes , and was more influenced of following the story , mire than the actual battling itself . The characters are probably the most memorable in any game I have ever played . I know I may be biased , since OOT is my favorite game ever , but I can clearly say , FF7 definitely takes second , and first as the greatest RPG ever . Cloud , Barret -LRB- the guy with a machine gun on his arm -RRB- , Aeris , Red XIII , and the most popular villain ever , Sephiroth . Each with a story on its own , and it 's a great story to withhold.The battle system consists of using items known as Materia . The way material works is that they are classified into groups , such as magic , items , attack , summon , etc. . Materia , like your characters need exp . Points to level up . You gain exp points from defeating enemies in battle . The more exp points you gain , the more levels you gain . Its quite simple after you learn the basics . There is also a tutorial to teach you how to use it , so do n't feel left out.Materia is unique because the more you use one of them , it gets more powerful , and will stay like that for everyone . For example , say you equip the Fire Materia on Cloud , and use it until it evolves fully into Firaga . You can than remove the Fire Materia and place it on Tifa , and Tifa will still have the Firage material . You do n't have to worry about evolving it for every character . There are the basic magic materia , such as fire , ice , gravity , etc , and the attack ones , such as Slash , double hit , etc. . Most can be used in combos with other characters . Say that Cloud uses Fire , and Tifa uses fire right after , it will create a Fira spell automatically , and double the damage . This type of battling never gets old , and leaves room for lots of strategy . The best thing in FF7 is the Limit Break . The Limit Break is a bar on your character next to the health and magic that lights up when your character activates it . It can be activated it in many cases . If you have a magic castor , if can be activated by using magic . It can also be casted by giving hits , taking hits , and even giving items . The customization is incredible in this game . When the limit break bar flashes , you unleash a devastating attack . The Limit Break is a one-time thing , so if you do n't use it when you have it , you will lose it , and have to gain it back . The Limit Breaks are very useful against tough enemies , and will most likely help you out a lot in battles . The more powerful you get , the more Limit Breaks you will gain . If you are incredibly lucky , you might gain Omnislash , Clouds ultimate Limit Break which does nearly 100,000 damage.Graphically the game is quite underachieved to its PS counterparts . But when it gets to a cutscene , it fully shows the power of the PS , and what Squaresoft is capable of doing . I was blown away by some of them , that I literally died just to see them again . The sound is classic Squaresoft . It flows perfectly with the game , and in all situations . I actually started singing the songs in school , to the annoyance of my friends ;-RRB- . Besides the story and battling , which could take you well over 40 hours to complete , the amount of side quests , and extras available are amazing . From dressing up like girls able to find items , to breeding the Ultimate Chocobo to gain rare items , the quests are fun and entertaining . The Gold Saucer , a place you visit eventually in the game , there is gambling , battle tournaments , and racing , all that win you neat prizes . So if you ever get tired of the same old battling , give a good race a try , its fast paced , and really fun.Like I said before , FF7 holds the award for greatest game ever . Take my word for it and give FF7 a try . RPG vets and noobs alike will enjoy the game , I guarantee it . If not , than maybe RPG are n't for you , but this game is . I put over 100 hours into this game , hopefully you will too .
 I find it funny that all of the reviewers either gave this game 5 stars or 1 . Seriously ... and most of them go about without telling why they think so rather just . . `` This game sucks ! '' or `` The graphics suck '' or `` this game is the best ! '' Without any real reasoning behind it . I find it childish and immature and I 've come to respect those only to give a thorough opinion on the game , whether positive or negative.I , myself , must say that when I first played this game in 1997 , it had been the best RPG that I 've ever come across , in fact , the best game . The story intrigued me , and I grew attached to the characters . It was the first Final Fantasy on the Playstation , and it was truly innovating . RPGs were brought into a 3D world with an epic story sprawled across multiple discs . At the time , the graphics were gorgeous . Then , came FFVIII , IX , and then Anthology . I had high expectations for VIII after VII , and I must say that VIII still holds its place as my favorite RPG today . IX , however , fell below VIII , but still above VII . I figured that it was because they were made after VII , and I still loved that game to death . When Anthology came out , however , VI changed my views entirely . It was made BEFORE VII and I found it as a superior game.I guess you have to think of it this way ... VII was a great game when it came out . It was a new idea and was the first Final Fantasy on the psx . Many people , like me , did n't even hear of Final Fantasy until VII and it set an incredibly high standard for the later installments . In my opinion , they surpassed the standard , except for X. I liked VII better than X. I played this game again recently after finishing VIII for the 20th or so time , and I must say , although I did n't like it as much as I did before , I had come to respect it more than any other game because it set the standard for RPGs .
 Nothing even compares to FF7 . If you do n't have it , get it . You wo n't regret it .
 FF7 was my first game to play from FF . Great graphics , very mundane story , and the mini games were very well worth it . This game should be added towards your FF collection .
 IS THI GAME AWSOME OR WHAT ? You have got to try it out . Every person ive ever met that has played this game says they love it !!!!! I have to strongly agree with them.If you like RPGs-then you will LOVE this game !!! If you have never playe an RPG then i think this is the one to try-try it and im almost possitive you will love it !! It will deffinitly be worth your money !!! But be warned-it has A LOT of cousing in it -LRB- Which makes it more realistic -RRB- so probably someone who is 10 and down sohouldnt play it.Overall , this is a masterpiece of a game !!!
 The graphics were okay but gave me a headache after a while . The story was shaky and the end totally confused me . Other than that it was okay .
 If you look at the back cover for FFVII is said to be `` Quite possibly the greatest game ever made '' This is absolutely true . i have played hundreds of games , and this game has owned me for so long . If i had to guess how many hours i poured into this game , it would come near 300 + hours . I do not regret a single second . The characters haunt my mind and are so real , that i almost begin to miss them when i 'm not playing . No , im not some freak , this game is just that good . The storyline is better than any movie , book , or game ever created . If i could make a movie out of this movie i would . I also began writing a book based off the characters in this game and their expierences through the game , but i realized it would be too long for me to do . In short , you cant call yourself a gamer until you own this game . It deserves to be experienced by everyone , no joke . I have lent the game to as many people i could so that they too would have something as great as this . To me , this game is worth so much more than listed . I would buy it if it was worth as much as a ps2 , no joke , its that good . Buy a copy today , and if you complete it -LRB- i know , it seems your stuck in Midgar forever , but as soon as you think the whole game takes place in Midgar , you begin to see Midgar is just a spec on the enourmous map -RRB- you will love this game forever , like me .
 This game isb the best . There is no other game like it . I spent over 70 hours on this game . The materia system is great . All the characters are well done . The music is really good to . It 's the fifth best game I ever played . Go get this game you wo n't be dissapointed . Look for my other reviews .
 IT RULES !!! THE VERY FIRST GAME I EVER GOT AND IT STILL IS THE BEST ! GREAT 7 CHARACTERS -LRB- 2 BONOUS -RRB- ALL WITH DIFFRENT PERSONALITIES THAT KEEP CHANGING . VERY BAD BAD GUYS . ALL TYPES OF PLACES TO VISIT . DECISIONS TO MAKE , WEAPONS , MAGIC AND ITEMS TO BUY . MONSTERS TO FIGHT . GLACIERS TO TRAVEL THROUGH , MOUNTAINS TO CLIMB , CRATES TO EXPLORE . BUILDINGS TO INFILITRATE , TOWNS AND PEOPLE TO SAVE . EVIL SCIENTIST TO DESTROY . MINI GAMES UP THE WAZZO . CREATURES TO HELP YOU . BOSS FIGHTS TO WIN . SECRETS TO EXPLOIT . A JOURNEY THAT WILL TAKE YOU FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN ALL THE WAY UP TO THE CLOUDS . A MUST HAVE GAME FOR ANY AND ALL PLAYSTATION FANATICS !!
 Finalfantasy 7 has a great storyline.You can understand every thing if you are 10 and up . This game has great graphs so you can see what you are doing ...
 ok lets ill just say this . Ive gone through 6 , yes SIX copies of this game . I played each one so many times NONE of em can even re read by my ps2 . and ive played this game for over 1000 + hours . and i can even tell you where to get every item in the game , and where every monster is . So for all you people who think your the ff7 master , to bad your not .
 I have played thousands of games , spent countless hours on them . I have played the best with titles such as Grand Theft Auto Vice City , and I have played some of the worst like TOtal Recall . However throughout all the games that I have played only one stands out as the number one game of all time . That title is Final Fantasy 7 . What makes Final Fantasy 7 so great , especially considering the past titles , the sequels , and other great titles such as Dragon Warrior Series , BReath of Fire , and so on . It has a special something that few games really have . Any game can draw you into a story , hell old NES titles such as Ninja Gaiden and Zelda could do that . However what makes this so great is that it is one of the select few titles in the relm of video gmaes that can do something that no other games can , but I shall reveal that later . LEts talk about the game.FInal Fantasy 7 starts off like an action movie might . You control Cloud Strife , an ex-soldier -LRB- equivelent to the NAvy Seals -RRB- who is now a mercenary for hire . He is currently working for the terrorist organization known as Avalanche ran by Barrett , a big burly black man with a chaingun for a hand . His second in command is a girl named Tifa who was a childhood friend of clouds . After a few succesful missions cloud is seperated from the team where he meets up with a young girl named Aeris . Little does cloud realize at first is that Aeris is beign pursued by the conglomerate Shinra -LRB- Shinra is what Avalanche is trying to bring down . -RRB- . CLoud decideds to help her out but when she is kidnapped he must rescue her . MEanwhile a ghost from the past returns to not only haunt him , but destroy the world.This is the main focus of the first few hours . The story itself will slowly evolve into something that if you show dedication to than you will be very satisfied when it is all said and done . Now lets talk about some technical aspects.The graphics for the time are outstanding , however when compared to today it is proof of how dated graphics can get quickly.COntrols are fluent enough and the menues are asy to scroll through.COmbat is never really one sided however if you do n't build up your levels -LRB- by the end of Disk one should be level 40 or higher for the whole party -RRB- you will be whipped.The music is what seperates this from most games . The music is the pinacle of greatness here . As I am writing this I am listening to Aeris Theme which is one of the greatest tracks in gaming history . This alone seperates this from most gaems past and present.However there is one factor that seperates this from most games . The secret to why this one of he best is that it is one of the few games that can touch you emotionally . Any game can give you an adrenaline rush . However it is very select few gaems that can touch you emotionally , and even make you cry . Final Fantasy 7 has accomplished this . THis is one of the select few titles that has ever done this . To date the only other title to do this is the cult hit Ico.In conclusion Final Fantasy 7 is the greatest game of all time because it has an incredible story , incredibel music , and the fact that you will be sucked in if you give it time . But that is the thing , you must give it time and dedication . This is however the greatest game of all time .
 Final Fantasy VII is easily one of the all-time best RPG 's in the history of electronic gaming . Featuring a story that begs conversation and thought , characters that leave their mark long after the game ends -LRB- Aeris , anybody ? -RRB- and possibly the greatest Square magic interface ever -LRB- `` materia '' -RRB- , FFVII revolutionized the RPG market and helped bring the genre , along with the original Playstation , into the mainstream.While the graphics are a bit dated , the story itself involves the player like none other , starting with a simple guerilla campaign against the evil Shinra Corporation and later moving on to an epic , world-spanning quest to save the planet from destruction at the hands of Sephiroth . This game packs more self-sacrifice and character development than the Bible and as much action as the best shooters , with TONS of hidden extras , side-quests and unlockable story points and characters . This is THE quintesential Squaresoft RPG , and if you do n't own it you have no excuse not to get it for its current low price !
 Alright , first of all , there are too many people who jump up and shout `` This is THE greatest game EVER ! '' about FF7 these days . That said , this is MY favorite game EVER . There 's my bias . Live with it.Now , I 'm not crazy . I do n't think that RPG 's began and ended with Square 's little masterpiece , but I do think that what you get with FF7 is a game that has -LRB- for better or worse , depending on your POV -RRB- forever altered the modern RPG landscape . There are too many clone RPGs these past few years that just rip off the world-ending conflict , eye candy FMV cut scene formula . Uninspired designers think that 's all it takes to make a successful game . Take the mediocre Legend of Dragoon game as a prime example . Do n't blame this trend on FF7 , because Square did it first and did it better.Comparing the graphics to a modern next-gen console game would n't be fair . But , let 's say this . The pre-rendered backdrops are still quite vivid and really lend themselves to the immersive atmosphere of the game . The slums of Midgar look incredible . Unfortunately , the character models are bit primitive , and that may turn some off to the game . Given how early this game came along in the 3D console gaming department , it 's understandable , and you can grow just as fond of the 3D models as the old 2D sprites with a little effort . Overall , I really think that despite some of the graphics being a bit outdated , the artistic aspects of the game are just so well done that I ca n't help but appreciate it even today . As a whole package , it really shines.This musical score ranks up there with FF6 as the best of the series , with quite a few memorable tracks . My favorites for anyone who cares are Tifa 's Theme , You Can Hear the Cry of the Planet , and Off the Edge of Despair . Good stuff . The standard sound effects did the job , so I do n't know what else to say about them . Nothing that knocked me out of my chair or anything.The thing that makes or breaks a game for me is usually the story . Final Fantasy 7 does not disappoint in this department . Cloud , Tifa , Sephiroth ... these are just some of the characters that I felt were truly well developed and just plain cool . I ca n't say enough about the scope and imagination on display in this game . Maybe I just dig the sort of cyber-punk elements you start out with and watching that evolve , but I am to this day jaw-dropped by Cloud and Sephiroth . Classic.There are dozens of other quality games in multiple genres that have come out since , but I 'm hard-pressed to find one that feels as huge , imaginative , and immersive as this one . It 's the hallmark of a great fantasy game to make you feel as though you 're living in that world . I hope anyone who enjoys similar games will have given this one a shot by now . If not , I implore you to check it out .
 Final fantasy VII is one of the best role playing games I 've ever played.I 've had it for three years and I 've beaten it too , yet I 'm still drawn back to it 's great story , characters , and gameplay . This is the game that brought me into the whole rpg genre , It 's a must buy for any rpg fanatic.On that note I would also like to state that that this game contains so much emotion . For example , the sequence at the end of the first disk made me so mad , and sad , that I worked day & night , and yes I neglected my school work numorous times , to beat the game -LSB- and when I did I was so releived to see all my work finally pay off . -RSB- * This game does contain some explicit material -LSB- i.e. cussing , sexual situations , and some violence -RSB- but I do n't think this will bother anybody , I got the game when I was twelve years old and it did n't affect me in any way .
 First of all I would like to say this was my first Final Fantasy and I got so attached!I cried so hard when Aeris died , and I liked the ending.I also liked the battle system.Also , I visited the Golden Saucer frequently.I loved the minigames!The chocobos were so fun to ride and this is a MUST HAVE for all RPGers!Get it !
 This game is so awesome ! It has a great plot with some sad moments , especially the Aeris death scene . I LOVE the , as my friend calls it , `` spiff mode '' scences with high tech graphics . I think this game is great for everyone and is well worth the ... costs . Now , IF ONLY I HAD A PS2 !!! I DO N'T EVEN HAVE A PS1 !!! But , it still rocks !!!
 Final Fantasy VII has a great story
 This is a good game with a good storyline and all ... . but I still believe Final Fantasy VIII is better than this .
 This game is the best game in the world ! Buy this game ! It Rocks !
 FINAL FANTASY XII XTREME GAMER 'S REVIEW : Hi everyone ! if you see this that means ur looking at one of the most AWESOME , GORGEOUS , THRILLING games in PS history . The game makes you feel as if you are playing as Cloud Strife , one of the BEAUTIFULLY created charecters . If Cloud is feeling JOY , PAIN , or ANGER , You as the gamer will feel it , too.The game is THE -LRB- apart from other Final Fantasy Games -RRB- BEST RPG ever created . Sure BOF was great but nothing compares to the ULTIMATE gameplay value , graphics , and everything in FFXII.REMEMBER , THIS IS THE XTREME GAMER TALKING ! You may have seen me in magazines such as Playstation Magazine and Gamepro . Look out for my name for more advice!SUMMARY : GAMEPLAY VALUE
 This game is the best . Once you beat the game , you can alway go on other missions like beating monsters . This game has the most adventure out of all the Final Fantasy series . It has great music , and you are never in the mood not to play it . IT has a arcade where you can play games -LRB- Gold Saucer -RRB- . And you can summon awesome mosters during battle . It is truley a gerat game .
 I realize many consider this the `` best game ever '' or `` best RPG ever '' , but I 'd definently have to disagree there . I 'm a huge harcore RPG fan -LRB- that includes PC RPG 's too -RRB- , and I do n't consider FFVII the best ever , however , it ranks very high on my top console RPG list with Suikoden 1 and 2 , Chrono Trigger , Final Fantasy VIII , and the god of all console RPG 's ... . Xenogears . Final Fantasy VII is a simply awesome RPG and easily ranks as the best FF of the series for me.Graphics 8/10
 This is the best game i have ever played . It is way better than FF8 or FF9 . The plot , the characters , everything except the graphics are the best I 've ever seen.I love to read and this was just like reading a book on my tv . It has lots of twists to the storyline and the last cut scene is extremely cool.If you think this game will be really boring I ask you to play it till the end of the 1st disc . Then decide if you want to play it to the end or quit .
 When I First played Final Fantasy 7 I realized the change From previous games . No one I know has beat this game with all the sidequests beaten 100 % . Can you ? It has all the original summons , The second-best battle style . And Pretty good graphics . Trust me you will enjoy getting all the best wepons nand materia.I know very much about this game ... this is the second best tiitle yet
 When My friend told me about this game , I was like whateva . When he went home he left it at my house . I decided to se what it was all ` bout . When I played it , I started to enjoy it , and I played it for 5 hours , 'till I got dizzy . There where a few problems , but I did n't give ... ` bout it , cuz I enjoyed the obsorbing storyline , and gameplay . Pros and Cons of the gane wherePros : A Storyline that is maxed out to 90 hours7 characters that are wit ' uGreat FMV SequenceMakes u wan na git everything at the end before u fight SephrothAlot of bad language for a game thats rated T ; I like thatA beutiful 3D backround , and world mapMakes u wan na play for hoursCons : Too many random battlesGraphics on characters are outdated -LRB- Looks like little kids runninTakes too long to git limit breakNo talking at allTakes too long to level up materia
 I am not an RPG fanatic but I have played one or two in the past , this game just stood out . The prerendered graphics are amazing , the plot is worthy of its own movie -LRB- very deep , exciting and moving -RRB- , the battle system is great and Nobuo Uematsu 's music sets the mood well . Unfortunatly , the character models leave much to be desired and sometimes areas can by rather confusing and mazelike .
 I loved this game it had a great great etc. storline and settings if you love FF games as much as I do youll love it -LRB- parents that are going to buy this game for young children wait till there older it has cussing so bad some of it has to be edited and has some things that have to do with adult themes such as sex -RRB- .
 Lets face it people , this is the reason you bought a Playstation . Its the game that made me buy one . Although the game is not without its problems that are irritatingly noticble now -LRB- a horrible translation , bad grammer , etc -RRB- for its time this game was revolutionary . Square made great use of FMV technology to progress this very anime like story line . FF VII is one of three titles argued to be the best of them -LRB- VI , VII and VIII -RRB- , and is the game that started the RPG revolution that made Playstation what it is today.These days this game is sorely dated and this game should be remade using GCN technlogy . I do not believe that they should make it realistic . Idealy I 'd like to see them use toon shading in this remake idea to replace the 3D monstosities which were featured in the game originally . The original charcter models were inconsistant and largely overly blocky . However the battle scenes and major FMVs offered a whole lot of anime potential . This game needs to be toon shaded !
 It has an awesome storyline and you wo n't get bored with all that mushy love -LSB- junk -RSB- from FF8 . Just play the game , it 's good .
 This is the `` must-have '' of the series . Skip VIII , get IX and X , and throw yourself into the mists of time to rekindle that old flame called Final Fantasy VII . This game brought the non-hardcore gamers and hardcore gamers together . -LRB- much like Star Trek IV did with non trekkies , trekkers ... -RRB- The CG effects left a mark on the people who played it and introduced Final Fantasy to the mainstream . I never played any FF before this and was n't the least bit interested , but , I tried it ... the rest is history . The Statue of Mario was replaced in ' 97 . One last thing , do n't let the release year fool you ... VII stands as outstanding graphically as it did then and weaves a tale that will still amaze ...
 If you dont have it I am telling you now you do not know what you are missing . The adventure , love , character , story , its all good
 This game is just ... incredible . The engrossing storyline , the amazing characters , and . . the Mogs ! This is the best RPG ever made . Scratch that , it is the best game ever made . The stunning 3-D graphics really add to the traditional 2-D RPG format . The side-quests and sub-bosses really add to the fun of the game . The dark , crazy plot is amazing , and will leave you on the edge of your seat , begging for more . The amazing FMV sequnces are beautiful . The villians , the bosses , and the monsters are extremely well designed . This game is a must have for ... well , everyone ! If you do n't have a copy , go get one right now ! If you do n't , well , let 's just say that you will be missing one of the finer points in life .
 This is the greatest game ever made . It still remains the best of the series , even thought VII , IX , and X are out now . That 's a pretty impressive feat to have after five years .
 LOOK WE ALL HEARD ABOUT BIG FLASHY GAMES.WHAT THIS GAME NEEDS IS A BIGGER APPRECEATION.CLOUD MY FAVORIT CHARECTER CLOUD IS CUAGHT UP IN A STRUGGLE FOR THE PLANET.EXALENT PLOT.YOU THINK YOU KNOW WHATS NEXT YET TO YOUR SURPRIZE SOMTHING NEW HARRENS.YOU LEAVE BEHIND 2-D GRAPHGECS AND ENTER A STUNNING 3-D WORLDTHAT WILL LEAVE YOU DREAMING ABOUGHT FIGHTING SHINRA THE TURKS AND THE MANY MONSTERS.EASALY THE BEST GAME EVER ! GET IT !
 I am completely into RPG 's and I know what I 'm saying . I ripped open the package of this Squaresoft title and popped it in my PSX . I started out wondering what the pink chick with the bascket was doing . Then , it all began . I fell in love . I probably played about 4 hours a day.The joy and brilliance of this game brought tears to my eyes . When Cloud finds out the truth of his past , brilliant ! When Sephiroth first met Jenova , brilliant ! When Aeris was killed , sad , but brilliant . ! I 'm not saying the game did n't have it 's downsides , but every RPG fan MUST HAVE IT !!
 This is SO good , the best game ever made I personally think . THe materia system is great , and the storyline is just awesome . Sephiroth is so cool , too , and the ending is THE BEST ending I have ever seen in a game ... maybe even a movie too ! It 's so cool , I think EVERYBODY should get this game , even if they 're not such a fan of RPGs
 This Final Fantasy lives uo to its name . The story is great , the graphic are great , Everything is great . This is a true Final Fantasy RPG .
 Although it has since been pitted against subsequent titles , to my mind this entry still stands up as the best despite the competition from the souped up visuals and allegedly more `` adult '' storyline of part 8 . -LRB- i have n't played 9 yet , so lets speak no more of it ... -RRB- In fact , ironically this term `` adult '' really serves to highlight exactly why this installment is the best ; its the most mature and smart all in all . Though there may have been a large emphasis shift towards a more cinematic and cohesive story in the follow up , this only served to make it more superficial ; while the quirky , understated story and character elements of this game were far more subtle and ultimately more involving . Also , by ff8 the feel of the game had moved so far from fantasy to sci-fi/modern that the environment had begun to resemble the real world in many respects , a feature mirrored by the more realistic character design . The concept and design of the world , though clearly well thought out , seemed more like a history of twentieth century politics than the product of an enthusiastic and original creative team . Here is where this installment really shines ; the bizarre ultra deformed populace of the world , though initially alienating to the casual gamer , has the chaemelionic ability to blend into a quirky environment the whole of which is influenced by and imbedded within imaginative fantasy concepts , a world in which chocobo racing can be realisitically supposed to exist . By contrast , much of the world of the subsequent installment seems somewhat bland , and the idea of the characters racing brightly coloured ostriches seems about as ridiculous as it sounds . Meanwhile , the manga-ish characters in ff7 , in there own self contained world , can battle grimly for the fate of the universe one minute , while riding chocobos the next . The real strength of this game stems from its imagination and its subtlety ; it is a game that gets under your skin , not merely a fun gaming experience , but an emotional one , genuine emotion , unlooked for . FF8 's creators made a mistake in recycling the main characters from this game ; Squall , though undeniably stylish , is thinly veiled Cloud , and the role of Rinoa is much the same as the influence of Aeris in Cloud 's existence . This serves to highlight the difference in approach . The romance in ff8 , though more emphaisised , is simplisitc and is spelled out for you . The romantic elements of ff7 are subtle , and at times ambiguous , and also more complex , as are all the other relationships . This is not a game that rams its plot strands down your throat . It strikes me that the favourable recption of ff8 might be because a lot of gamers enjoy rpg 's objectively like reading a book or something . I could relate to that until i played ff7 , but in this game you are truly immersed in a way you are not in most others . There is a real atmosphere to it , and a dreamlike quality to many of the plot twists and flashbacks , that put them seemingly on the edge of your own unconscious mind , like memories that could almost be your own , and becomes intensely evocative . The music is very much helpful in this respect , evoking the atmosphere which is made all the more powerful by the sublety that i have exhaustively referred to.Anyway , there are the basic points that to my mind out this game a cut above ; its difficult to put my finger on , and i guess it could all by a matter of opinion . I could spend all day listing the qualities of this game but i would mention the size of it as being key ; it is bigger , in every respect , than its follow up , do n't let the 4 discs fool you . The stats side is also way more complex . And the variety of sub games , road rash style biking -LRB- remember road rash ?! -RRB- , snow boarding , etc. . Anyway , i could go on all day , but i think i 've made my point ...
 hey all of u all that think ff7 rules this is my experience in ff7 . it took me a long time to finally beat the game and im glad when i got a sony i chose the game ff7 because my best friend in the world named Cory Eller mentioned to me how cool it was . -LSB- heres how to get all the characters on ff7 -RSB- first of all here r their names . -LCB- Barret , Aeris , Cloud , Vincent , Cid , Yuffie , RedX111 , CaitSith , Tifa -RCB- thats all the characters there r. how to get RedX111 you meet him inside of the Shinra.Inc building while ur saving Aeris . now to get Vincent you have to go the old Shinra building and kill the lost number inside of the locked the chest . -LSB- the pass number 4 the locked chest is 36,10,59,97 -RSB- then if u kill the lost number you get the odin materia and the basement key . then go down the stairs and go into a room with some coffins and touch the middle 1 . then someone will come out of it and then tell him to tell his story of sephiroth then he goes back to sleep then then get him out of his coffin againthen ask who he is then heel go to sleep again then as u head to the stairs he will join ur party . how to get cait sith go to the gold saurcer then go to the wonder square and he will predict ur future then he will join ur party . how to get cid ull meet him inside of the rocket town and then u have to go outback of sherras house and kill palmer and then u watch a little story and u get to get Cid to join ur party . how to get Yuffie is a little hard you go search in the grass outside of fort condor and ull meet a mystery ninja and u have to win the battle . then u see a save point -LSB- CAUTION -RSB- do not save at the save point !!!!!!!! but talk to the mystery ninja and she will ask you for a rematch then click on no . then she will ask if ur scared of her and then click on im petrified . then she will say yea i bet with my skill . then click on lets leave or something like that then shell say wait i havent told u my name yet . then she will join ur party . but if im rong about how to get Yuffie im sorry because i havent started a new person . i hope i was right about how to get the characters . please read my message .
 I would like to say that I have played this game , and I loved it . I have fond memories playing it , and am dissapointed in the 1 star reveiw . I noticed that all the 1 star reviews are all submited near or on the same date . Somebody obivously has alot of time on ones 's hands and thought that it would be good to ruin this game for others . Give one 1 star review and be done , keep your thoughts to yourself and leave this classic alone . However I will give that person the graphics , they do suck , but I can deal with that .
 This game was truely ground breaking for its time . I ca n't think of a single RPG for a game console that had so much depth with character development , story and optional side quests as this . The graphics and sound were phenominal in their day . Any RPG or FF fan should give this game a shot!Recommended party
 THIS GAME ROCKS I HAVE NOT PLAYED IT A LOT BECAUSE I JUST GOT IT . IF YOU LIKE RPG GAMES YOU WILL LIKE THIS GAME . HECK EVEN IF YOU DO N'T LIKE RPG GAMES YOU WILL LIKE THIS ONE . IF YOU HAVE NEVER PLAYED FINAL FANTASY YOU SHOULD START NOW WITH THIS GAME .
 i have beaten this game one time and frickien think this game dominates the rpg section if you are bored and want a very good rpg to play then get final fantasy 7 it will blow your mind out this gamen will give u plenty of time before u finally get to the end this game is pretty long thats all also for help on this game go www.freewebs.com/finalfantasy77 for information on it i can surely expect my website to help u beat final fantasy 7
 This has to be the best Final Fantasy game ever made . Not too sure if it is better than Final Fantasy Ten though . But Final Fantasy Seven boasts alot of new gameplay elements . Heres a Jot-List for you.ProsThe coolest character in the Final Fantasy series ... Cloud Strife!GamePlay 9/10Graphics 10/10Sound 8/10Value 10/10Tilt 10/10You are able to ride Motorcycles , Subarines , and even Air ships.Coolest main boss next to Sin from Final Fantasy TenSeven Mini GamesConsparents may hate it because it cusses like crazy.This a great game I may be Sixteen but @ # $ % this game rocksWell I 'm outta here .
 This game has got to be one of the most time consuming games in the world , but that is what makes it the funnest . I have played this game a thousand times over , and then a thousand times through , and yet , when I am still looking for a thrill , there is not one time that I will pop in the first disc to my dad 's PS2 , or even my little sisters PS1 , and just start playing . You can look in every gaming store , and you can look in every gaming magazine , but no matter what they say , or what they think that they can prove , there is nothing better then this game . And this is coming from a true gamer . The first disc on average just to build up levels , and get everything you need is easily 20 to 30 hours of game play . And that is what makes this game so much fun . It does n't leave you with one dull moment , and even if you can sit through the credits , and they will probably take at least 20 minutes , you will see Red XIII and he children looking down from a cliff . So that is why I say that anyone who gives this game a bad review , does n't know what in the world they are talking about!Sincerely , The Ultimate Sephiroth FanTJ
 This game is the bomb i never seen a game where so many people enjoyed it this much gamplay is awsome , stroy great , music , everything is great and the graphics arnt that bad if u think about it was the first 3-d final fantasy so bottom line go and bye this game it 's a classic
 alright , first of all i think that all you people who gave this game 1 star are expecting the abilities of a new release PS2 game in this old school original playstation game . I 'm just assuming that this is the first time you 've played Final Fantasy VII . of coarse the graphics suck , by todays standards , but back when this was a new release they were revolutionary . But i am giving this game 5 stars becuase it is one ofthe most engrossing storys of any RPG to date , has characters you can really grow attached to , and virtually revolutionized the RPG world . Needless to say if it had n't been for this game RPG 's would be NOTHING like they are today , or perhaps nothing at all .
 When i first played this game , I was stunned . This game is the basis for any RPG ever put into circulation . There is no way you can not be moved by the storyplot . The characters in this game have a one of the gratest Personality that any RPG game can offer . The score -LRB- soundtack -RRB- of this game is one of the bests ever put into an RPG because it sets the tone for this.In order to play this game , You need to have a mind that can understand the reality of the game and I Mean that in a good way . Even if you 're not into RPG 's , Any true playstation Gamer should own a copy because it is a Miracle . This game is one for the books .
 awesome , tubular game , bra ! no this one 's definitely a keeper ... but i do n't see why it is regarded as the jeez-christ of ff 's . the graphics are neutral -LRB- not that that really matters ha ! -RRB- the gameplay and storyline are mondo , but it just does n't rank up there with de jesus -- it 's a rad game . buy it , play it , make love to it
 this game is AWESOME . I bought this game the day it came and cant stop playing it today . this is an absulute buyer for RPG lovers . This game is so much fun that i have beat it 45 times since i bought it . All of my friends like this game just as much as me and we all have separate copies . The next time you visit here order this NOW !!!
 Review in a few words
 First let me start off by saying that Final Fantasy VII was the beginning of the next generation of gamming , and I 'm not just talking about PS1 games , I 'm talking about all big games of the present day . FFVII is and was the blueprint for all the `` next generation '' games of today . Now that 's out of the way let 's talk about the game . FFVII is still the greatest RPG of all time , graphically the game shows it 's age -LRB- circa 1997 -RRB- , and the game play is n't exactly the easy moving/user friendly style we 're used to today , but those so called draw backs do n't hinder the awesome story , the great fantasy atmosphere , and the wonderful characters including Cloud , the quiet and reserved hero of the story and of course Sephiroth , who is in my opinion the greatest bad guy gamming has ever seen -LRB- any fan of this game knows what I 'm talking about -RRB- . I 'm not going to tell you about the story because I do n't want to ruin a great experience , just take my word for it , Final Fantasy VII is still my favorite video game of all time and if you give this masterpiece a chance you wont be disappointed . Five stars !
 This game is a classic novel put in multimedia interactive format . It is not only story though , there is a huge amount of battles , and the end bosses are very hard . I liked it much better , in fact , than FFX because the story and character development are very in depth and not stereotypical . The map is so huge that you can spend hours just wandering around looking for secret caves and areas . The materia system is also very cool and I wish the had been able to incorporate it into FFX in some way . The story is awesome , the graphics are beautiful , and the music is really good . BE CAREFUL WHEN READING THESE REVIEWS ; THE REVIEW ENTITLED The Perfect Game -LRB- July 29 , 2001 -RRB- HAS A HUGE SPOILER IN IT . Just know that it is an brilliant game that has ruined most other games for me by comparison .
 Final Fantasy VII has a wonderful storyline full of enjoyable side quests and challenges that will keep you playing the game for hours on end only to realize that you have to go to class or work in an hour because you stayed up all night playing the game ! If you own a Playstation , this is a must-have for your collection .
 I think final fantasy 7 is the best game ever it is long and very exciting and fun everything on it is new diffrent and new things are waiting for you round the corner.I have played 7 and 9 and 7 is the best if you are wanting 9 info or hints visit ` ad 's final fantasy 9 review ' it will help if you are stuck or just need help.for more information e-mail me on freewing70@hotmail.comthanxreviewd by ad ` sad 's final fantasy review
 Back in 1997 I bought my playstation just for this masterpiece . The only problem was that I was about 9 years old and I wasnt too good at it but never the less I loved it , bieng my first RPG . One day I gave it away like a moron , then In 2002 , I was now 14 , I realized how much of an idiot I was to give it away , so I went everywhere looking to buy it again but couldnt find it until i ordered it from amazon - in which im still waiting for the game.This game has superb graphics for a 5 year old game and the battle system is simple and fun . The story is like no other . It 's almost like bieng in a real movie . Its a very long game so it will tak you a while to beat it , which is good . The only thing thats not good will be your school average because youll be too busy playing this awesome game untill 3 in the morning.One of the great features of the game is that you can change main characters names -LRB- except Sephiroth -RRB- so you can fool around . For example you can change Clouds name to Poopey or other words I cant write . There are also some mini games like the Chocobo race - which rules . I walways wanted to ride a big yellow bird . Anyway , it is a smart thing to buy this classic because soon it will be off the shelves and super rare . Plus it will be worth alot of dough.All in all Final Fantasy is quit possible the greatest game ever made .
 This is the huge game were taling about its so huge that your twisted mind will only focus at game and figure your huge mind its the best Rpg better then FFX ! - Graphics = -LRB- 7-10 -RRB- It may be a little bad but hey its Old ! - Gameplay = -LRB- Unlimited-10 -RRB- Over Your Big head-Disks -LRB- 3 -RRB- it has 3 compacked adventure Cd-Roms And this is the first 3 disk continued game!This is always your thumps up games And if u hate it then u are not AN RPG PLAYER I REPEAT U ARE NOT A RPG player
 This game is truly amazing . Its the best game on the computer and Play Station , and the second best game ever created . First off , I like the comment on the amazing storyline in this . If you pay attention , you will be captavated . The charactors are memorble and you will get drawn in to their problems and have emese problems getting to sleep at night because you want to know what happens next . The gameplay is easy to catch on to and yet challenging latter in the game . The music is just plain awsome . I loved it so much -LRB- and most people who liked it as much as me -RRB- got the soundtrack . So to summerize , just buy it . And if you do not have a playstation , buy it for the PC . Enjoy , I know that I will .
 How can I say this without sounding , like the typical reviewer gushing on and on about how great , how wonderful , how perfect this game is ? Oh forget it ! This game is great , wonderful , perfect -LRB- well almost nothing is really perfect is it ? -RRB- . This game has heart , it makes you feel good and leaves you craving for more , like a drug . I have played it an inumberable amount of times and ca n't get enough . The badest villians , the coolest characters , manageable battle system . This is what people mean when they talk about loving the Final Fantasy series.The story is sweet basic , yet complex . Perfect balance between action and story . Graphics are great for the time of release -LRB- heck their great now -RRB- . Nice pacing not too fast or too slow . Not too difficult or too easy , basically to do well at it you have to try . Plan on devoting all your free time to this game , not because you have to , but because you wo n't be able to stay away . Playing this game I was in mini-game heaven . You could play the mini-games for hours alone.Not too many complaints , although it did take me awhile to get into the story at first , and learning how to equip and evolve your characters took some practice . This is truly an exceptional game . The game that turns casual gamers into hardcore gamers , and regular people into Final Fantasy Fanatics . I love this game . Buy it .
 Can it get any better ? Yes , but only with FFX !! I love RPG games , and I 've owened all the FF games from FFV and on -LRB- the previous ones were n't that great , in my opinion -RRB- . Those of my friends who do n't like playing the game have always wanted me to let them know when I 'm playing it so they can watch !! Imagine your family watching the game with you instead of nagging you to `` stop playing '' and get a life -LRB- ?! -RRB- .
 I 've seen good final fantasy games , but FF7 rules ! The only thing that I give a thumbs down is that sometimes the storyline gets hard to understand . I 'm still working on the game , but so far it 's been really cool . I 'd have to say that 8 is better though . I have n't beaten any of my final fantasy games yet , and this one 's a real challenge . The characters are Cloud , Barret , Tifa , Red XII -LRB- later known as Nanaki -RRB- , Cid , Yuffie , Vincent , and , my personal favorite , Aeris . She dies permanently , though . You start out in the floating high-tech city of Midgar , and from there you go to towns like Kalm , Resort places like Costa Del Sol , and find out things about the Ancients , an ancient race of which Aeris is the sole survivor . This game is really awesome !
 dont get me wrong or anything but i did like this game . its just that the movies -LRB- fmv -RRB- are really short and arent as good as final 6 . and if they are long its just a picture of landscape.but that isnt why i gave it 4 stars . the characters arent , well , lets just say they dont look fully developed.the music is pretty good the controls take a little getting used to , some characters need to be recruited in side quests , such as yuffie , vincent , and cid.the storyline is good too.i also like this game because it actually shows blood !! not that i am an evil person but its cool !! i think it spices up the conflict . all and all this game is pretty good .
 There are games out there that break through the normal genre . They either impress critics with their graphics , story , battle systems , characters , or anything else that evolves from the normal look and feel of a video game . Final Fantasy VII -LRB- 7 -RRB- did just that and more . It 's graphics for the time were oustanding , it 's plot was just breathtaking and intricate . The battle system had it 's high points and it kept you on the edge of your seat the whole way through . All of the characters had a depth to them . They all fit into the story in some way or another . This game set new standards for other games all around the world . It became a classic . Even people that did n't like RPG 's found this game just plain fun . I 've beat the game and I still ca n't get enough of it . I keep playing it , trying to better understand the story . But that 's how Final Fantasy VII is , you must really follow it and remember what has happened . If you do n't , you will be lost in the end of the game . I just have to say that Cloud is a very well designed character . His life fit into the tangled and confusing story so perfectly that you kept re-thinking it over because you know it would be impossible to fit all of it in . The only thing I am a little dissapointed about in this game is it 's outdated graphics , but it was made years ago so there 's nothing much I can do about it . Final Fantasy VII is innovative , imaginative , confusing , stratigic , and most of all fun . This game has become a classic for many , do n't think twice about buying it , just grab a copy and get going .
 Final Fantasy 7 is one of my favorite role playing video game . I really love that game very much !
 The graphics is bit dated , but still good.However , the materia system is very annoying especiallywhen changing charactors , there is no automatical way oftransfering armors and materias to new characters , oftentakes a long , boring , long time to transfer the stuff .
 After playing most of the FF 's I was amazed to hear that another was out . Then i herd I was late and another one was out . Well I knew the long lasting FF saga was popular but i thought that six was it . Well now that there is a seven , eight and a long awaten nine this game is tking gameplay to the max !
 This game ROCKS ! I know EVERYTHING about this game . I have beaten every boss there is . Even all the Weapons
 This game is OK but not near as good as FF9 . FF9 has better graphics . The characters look like dolls . The cut scenes have good graphics . If you want this game get it for a cheap price or get FF9 . If your a big Final Fantasy buy it but if not I do n't think you should get it . I think you should buy FF9 instead .
 this is the coolest final fantasy game you will be absorbed the strange and twisting plot trust me it gets REALLY weird in the 2nd and 3rd discs
 This game is a definite must have for anyone who wants to sample some of the finer points of RPG 's . The story is great and could be told through the graphics alone most likely . the cut sequences are memorable an so too is the Music.The characters are vivid and to this day stick out in my head .
 All these animated characters are so cool . You ca n't make any better characters then this . Cloud Strife , Tifa Lockheart , Barrett , Red 13 and everybody else are 3D that they are so cool you ca n't make anything better than that . No . Uhh -LRB- laughs -RRB- no !
 This was one the best games I 've ever played ! The story line was great , and the charavter were likable . As far as game play , the battle system was great ! The materia was easy to understand and use . I 've heard people say the ending was lacking , and to some degree i agree , but a more resolved ending would n't give you as much room to think about it .
 I have Played , Beaten , and had the most fun possible with the best game in the world , FF7 . It has everything anyone could want in a game with the exception of character models . The Gameplay , Sounds , and Graphics -LRB- for the most part -RRB- are the best in the world !
 Warning ! This game will suck you in . If you have important things which must be attended to -LRB- like oh say children , wives , girlfriends , sleeping , eating -RRB- do not buy this game ! You may never see any of them again . This game is so deep and pulls you so far in its amazing . I spent several days -LRB- that is what i said -RRB- raising chocobos just to get knights of the round and I was near the end of the game . Almost everything about this game is great -LRB- though i do n't like the music , but i do n't like most video games ' music -RRB- . The materia system is quite revelutionary . The replay value , believe it or not , is very high . You just ca n't get enough of this game . Buy this game , just do it !
 Words can scarcely describe the epic Squaresoft game , Final Fantasy VII . It revolutionized the RPG industry . Its predessecor , Final Fantasy VI had full 2d sprites , and no CG graphics -LRB- until it was re-released as Final Fantasy Anthology -RRB- But when Final Fantasy VII was released , the whole dang thing changed . 3d world maps , movie cinemas , incredible sound quality . And thats all just the icing on the cake . Strip it all away , and you are left with a deep intriguing story with wonderfully real characters . I have played through this game twice , and i would do it again . My current game is over 86 hours long , yes it IS long ! But dont let that discourage you . Of you want a great Role playing game , BUY FF7 ! You 'll be gald that you did .
 This is one of the best in the history of gaming . Its wonderful storyline is wonderfully and beautifully thought out . I 've played MANY rpgs so I know a good one when I see one . This little baby is up there with all the greats -LRB- Chrono Trigger , FF6 , Seiken Densetsu 3 , etc. -RRB- It 's like riding a roller coaster of plot . By the time I thought I had it all figured out , another twist came along and suprised me . This game has made laugh and bite my fingernails in nervousness as I fought some of the game 's harder bosses . FF7 has even made me cry , it left me on the verge of tears for 3 days . Trust me , you 'll fall in love with the story , the engaging characters , the music , the gameplay , everything . This game is worth the buy . -LRB- Especially for the Chocobos , Wark ! ;p -RRB-
 I love this game , it has to be one of the best rpg 's I have ever played . I love how the charcters seem like they are actually real people . I love rpg 's and this one so far has topped all of the others . I just started the game about a week ago and I am already hooked on yhe story , and the game it self . If you are looking into ivesting into a good role-playing game this is the one for you .
 This game was awesome to say the least . I could n't stop playing it ! There is so much to do . There are plenty of exellent and challenging side quests . The characters are amazing . You care for them and care what happens to them . The storyline is a masterpiece . There is one very tragic part , though that will blow you away and break your heart . It is a very good and touching game that I suggest you buy . It is definatly worth every penny .
 Final Fantasy VII is the best RPG ever created . In fact , I could quite easily say it 's the best game in general ever made . And to think it was made in 1997 ! People , should n't technoligy towards games be improving ? Guess not , because it 's almost 2001 and I still have n't found a better game . And a good thing for you tight-wads is that it only costs $ 20 . With the best storyline , graphics , gameplay , ect . everfoung in an RPG it 's worth much more than ... . It 's good for people with lots of time , 'cause it 'll take you 80 + hours to beat it . Even after you beat it you probally missed out on a lot of things , meaning every time you play it you 'll most likely find something new .
 This game is the best game I have ever played . There are a few flaws and a few annoying little things but all in all the game is perfect . The storyline has two parts where both are sworn enemies . The Shinra just made me puke . President Shinra was a bad person but Rufus was worse . The Turks were fun . If the game started to get a little serious you could fight the Turks for fun . Elena was not nice though . The game gave you a reason to hate Sephiroth and the Shinra and they were great reasons . The characters were perfect in having stories and tragedies and well the music was absolutley perfect . `` Flowers Blooming in the Church '' `` Aeris Theme '' `` Tifa 's Theme '' and `` One Winged Angel '' were my favourite songs . The graphics were good but the hands in the FMV 's were not the best things I 've ever seen . But the story made it up . Three discs of perfection , exept disc 2 it got a bit boring -LRB- same as FF8 -RRB- . A great Game worth paying for .
 This game is one of the greatest Rpgs , or games ever ! And now that it is only 20 $ you must buy it ! And whatever you do spend your money on this game not 8 -LRB- blech ! -RRB- The characters are great with the magic system dealing with materia which have different spells and effects so in other words your characters are all costomizible . The plot is great , always surprising and pretty scary ! This game is worth every single cent when you buy it , and its only twenty bucks .
 Oh great and powerful Squarsoft , we are not worthy of such excellence . This is literally the best RPG ever . An intricate storyline and characters that you will grow to love and finally undrstand at the end . The music is beautiful and the movie sequences are amazing . I have never ever experienced an RPG that kept me so interested . If you want an RPG buy FFVII , the best RPG ever !
 This game i cant even explain in words . Its the greatest game ive ever played . every detail is just perfect . the story is the best story ever writen for a video game . i just got so involved in the game . i just couldnt stop playing , its so addictive . the gameplay is smooth . the fighting system is excelent . the character design is supperb . and if you going to get a final fantasy game this x-mas . i am extreamly recommending final fantasy 7 . you can also get final fantasy 9 which is also excelent . but ff8 is a dissaster . final fantasy 7 ... . is just DA BOMB !
 Calling this game a masterpiece is an understatement . It is the best video game I 've ever played . Everything about it turned out so beautifully.The story of the game is the best storyline I have ever experienced ; in a game , book , movie , etc. . It is the best . The characterization is amazing . Almost immediately , you feel so close to the characters and you understand everything about them . They are all very real . The story is very believable , with strong scientific concepts of physics and constant energy -LRB- it can not be created nor destroyed -RRB- . It is also very contreversial , since the two main enemies in the game have names that translate , roughly , to New God -LRB- Jenova -RRB- , and Tree Of Life/Body Of God -LRB- Sephiroth -RRB- . It hardly takes any amount of gameplay before you are bonded to this game , taking it as seriously as life . This is quite a praise , coming from a fan of classic author H.P. Lovecraft.The graphics were groundbreaking at the time . They still are good , but the jump in quality between VII and VIII was pretty big . There are great hand-drawn worlds for you to roam , with a very modern feel . The FMVs , which almost amount to none when compared to the number in IX , were and still are impressive , with a lot of motion involved.Praise , also , to Nobuo Uematsu for composing an astounding soundtrack for a game that truly deserves it . The music can be enjoyed with or without gameplay . I have the soundtrack . I have listened to it time and again , and have studied it . I 'll even go as far to say that it has influenced my songwriting on the guitar . The songs send a real chill down your spine , because of their very dramatic and minor qualities , which proves the modern feel and connection . Any musician or serious fan of music would most likely enjoy the music a great deal.To close , I 'll simply repeat myself
 The greatest game ever created . The plot , the characters , the soundtrack , and the magical ability to keep you glued to the screen for hours on end . This game is a masterpiece.If you own a Playstation and you 've never played Final Fantasy 7 , what can I say ? You 're truly missing out .
 THIS GAME IS THE REASON I BOUGHT A PLAYSTATION . You see , I was one of those people who held off for the N64 after having been a Nintendo fan from the start . I barely even knew what an RPG was when I first popped in the FF VII disc 1 . But let me tell you - this game alone is worth the money you shelled out for a ps.I 'm not even going to try to sum up the story because IT JUST CA N'T BE DONE . You have to play this game for your self . One last thing - it helps a lot if you know barely anything about this game before starting it . Believe me , the story will just blow you away . And the music - I have downloaded about every single one of the songs onto my computer and listened to them over and again - it 's just that good . ... . You 'd be doing yourself a great injustice not to snap this one up .
 If you dont have this game , you need it . It is the best game I have ever played . FF8 was good but nothing compared to this game . I 've played this game at least 3 times and got my friends to play it too . I have n't played FF9 yet , but I doubt it will be this good . The story is amazing , the best story for an RPG that anyone could think of . Squaresoft did a good job with this game . The only other game that comes even a little bit close to this game would have to be Metal Gear Solid , which is a great game , but nothing compared to this game .
 This is the best RPG ever . It is old released in 1997 and the graphics do sort ... but their still oklay with todays graphics ! this game is a bit difficult so you may want to buy a guide . this game has 50 + hours of play and 9 diffrent carectors to choose from it has the best music . it has the best battling system Iv ' e seen yet and I am a serius gamer with RPG 's playin atleast 10 + hours a week but ussaly around 20 . it also is 3 disks long and is easy to figure outThis has a detailed yet long and cunfusing story that you can not tell to anyone becouse tyou will have forgot half of the little details that hold the story togehter . this is the best RPG ever ... P.S if you beat the game waith through the credits for a scenimatic sceane.P.s if any one does beat the game after the credits and the following scenimatic scene do those stars ever end ? let me know if they do .
 Honestly this is all that needs to be said : BEST GAME EVERNo seriously though , if you 're just coming into gaming or something , you 're probably not going to be able to respect it . Games like these were game changers . For me it 's all nostalgia ... but man , this game tainted the genre for me , not much has even come close to it . Xenosaga series found a way into my heart , but nothing can beat out FFVII .
 Final Fantasy VII is an absolute masterpiece . My personal all-time favorite FF game . The characters are great , the story is fantastic . It 's just amazing . - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 This is by far the best game ever made . When it came out , I was like O.O. I know , now there is Fable 2 , Halo 3 , Gears 2 and all that good stuff but really nothing ground-breaking other than graphics . I want a story , music , a big world , an airship , love , hate , death , going to space , going under-water , the golden saucer , 3 discs ... this could go on for a long time . This game has everything and is perfect in my eyes . I still have the original copy and will probably be buried with it ; -RRB-
 I am thrilled to have this game in my collection again.In its day it was a pioneer in its class . It brought FRP gaming into the mainstream.And , while it has its detractors , you can still find thousands of loyal afficianados who would pay good money for a remake for the PS3.I 've played both the original PS version , on my old PS , and PS2 ; and the PC version by Eidos . I have a lot of fond memories associated with this game .
 Let me start off by saying , Final Fantasy VII is highly revered by many gamers as the best of the series , and like stated before , like the indie music scene its cool to hate what is so popular , strictly because it has mass appeal . I am a musician , and i 've fallen victim to this mindset many times before with pop music , and i 've learned when it boils down to it , Like what you like , and do n't worry about the mass appeal . I am not afraid to stick to my gun , this game is the best i 've ever played.This game was released in 1997 , and it was a launch game for the PS1 . I own a ps3 now and surely the games graphics can not compare to anything today , but when it was released , it had beautiful graphics compared to SNES -LRB- or genisis -RRB- graphics we 've seen before , and brought to life 3d textures which has not been seen in video gaming before . I still recall to this day playing through this game on the brand new playstation and getting fully absorbed in the story , graphics , and game play . I still play through this game to this day , atleast once a year , just to recap the wonders of this game.This game 's story is easily the most impressive story line I have encountered in video gaming history . I could read this story as a book and it would be the best book i 've ever read . The character development -LRB- with the exception of Cait Sith -LRB- strictly matter of opinion -RRB- , there always seems to be one character that never gets much use in RPGs for me -RRB- , and twists and turns make this game a EPIC TIMELESS CLASSIC -LRB- even if you can muster through the bad graphics compared to this generation -RRB- . I am a huge RPG fan spanning back to the SNES days -LRB- first game system -RRB- , and playing the greats like Chrono Trigger , and Final Fantasy 4,5 , and 6 , and really enjoyed those . Needless to say , This trumps all those games . I also played the more recent Final Fantasy games and still feel this game overtakes those . I was disapointed to see such neglect from Final Fantasy 9 because of its roots to the old school FF titles , because FF7 quite possibly was most people 's first FF game . FF9 is easily number 2 in my game rankings . Now there seems to be a clear cut line between fans of FF8 and FF7 . It 's usually you either like FF7 or you like FF8 , and you ca n't like both . This is the case for me , and many of my fellow FF gamers . I disliked 8 very much because it strayed away from what was beautiful about the FF series . I also feel the same with FF12 . FF7 strayed away from the FF series but kept old school FF gamers still intreged.This is your typical Turn based FF battle system , which many people tend to claim is a bad thing about RPGs , and i think the exact opposite . Turn based games let you think and figure out what you need to do to defeat a certain enemy , and not the same technique is going to work for every enemy , which I feel other genres tend to look over . Needless to say if Story is more important than gameplay to you , than this game is worth a run through . If you 're like many others and hate turn based games , and could care less about a story , and you just want to have fun without any of those constrictions , you might want to save your time , and skip this title.Another thing that is worth an honorable mention is FF7 's wonderful lush soundtrack ! I can listen to the soundtrack to this day and it will bring in the great memories of playing this game . The experiences of the game are excelently tied into the music and it will stick with you everytime you hear the score . I feel the strongest out of the FF 's sound track is FF9 -LRB- for its pure variety in musical concepts -RRB- , but FF7 comes in a close second.Knights of the Round materia makes this game fairly unfair , but to balance it out , they added two super bosses which are incredibly fun , and even out the playing fieldI do n't consider myself a hardcore gamer , but when it comes to RPG games , i 'll make the exception . I 've played nearly every FF game to date , and enjoy the ups and downs of each game . I also play other genres too , and even through genre crossing this is my favorite game of all time , and I think that wont change . The story is emotional -LRB- ill admit it , it made me cry , thats how intense i felt it was ... alright time to man up -RRB- and very intense , if you can follow it . This game made me offically a follower of RPG video gaming .
 Even today , this game is still the best ever ! Nothing compares to it . The music , bosses , characters ... everything ! It 's basically perfect !
 To see this online for 55 dollars just astounds me.This is such gem that people would be willing to pay that much to get their hands on this great game.And it 's worth every penny.I stumbled upon this in a swap meet for 15 dollars and snatched it up immediately , thinking since I had most of the Final Fantasy titles , this would be just a good.Well it was better!The soundtrack by Uematsu exceeds all expectaions , from one winged angel to J-E-N-O-V-A , to the birth of a god , it 's just amazing.The game has such a deep storyline that most would be confused by the time they finsihed the game , but I think it 's genius .
 When a friend first lent me his aged Final Fantasy VII game , I was skeptical at first . The PS2 had already come out , and just looking at the booklet inside the case gave me a clue to the outdated graphics of this game . But I put it into my playstation anyway , and i 've been hooked since.What makes this possibly one of the best final fantasy games out there despite it 's age , is the game 's stellar mix of odd and endearing characters , I could n't help liking each character in my party . The backstory behind the characters in the game endear them to you , and they are all distinctly unique with sometimes hilarious dialouges . And despite the seriousness of saving the world from one of the most memorable villains in video game history , there are very light hearted moments in the game that made me laugh out loud . Did I mention that Cloud , the main character cross-dresses at one point in the game?The shear amount of things to do in this game lends itself to a lot of replayability . You can raise chocobos to go places otherwise unaccessable , become a first class chocobo jocky , hang out at the Golden Saucer , master every single materia availiable , defeat the two special bosses included in the American version of the game , and so much more . There 's always something to do!As my first final fantasy game , maybe i 'm a little biased , but after number seven , i 've set my standards of gaming pretty high . I 've tried playing other final fantasy games such as VIII , IX , X , X-2 , XII , but I still have n't found another final fantasy on par with numver seven . Sure , the graphics are outdated by now , but the storyline , gameplay , and superb cast of characters still have n't been found anywhere else yet .
 Title says it all . It is the best game of all time for RPG fans . It is one a great game , its storyline is incredible , The open-ended feature is what I look for in any RPG , and it was one of Final Fantasy 's great downfalls when it stopped using that feature in FFX on . It 's also one of the harder games I have played . It is unfortunate , but today most games they produce are extremely easy , even on hard mode . This game is at a great level for me , because I can beat it without putting much time into running around for random encounters and leveling up , and it 's not easy like that , but it can be done .
 Final Fantasy games alone have a reputation of having an excellent storyline , game play , high replay , and excellent graphics -LRB- despite the first FF games -RRB- . I have owned a copy of this game since it 's release . A friend from school recommended that I try it out and I 've been hooked ever since ! If you have NEVER played this game , play it ASAP!Final Fantasy VII is a well-known masterpiece in the gaming world . It combines an excellent storyline , a superb soundtrack that you will most likely remember for ages , fun game play , excellent graphics -LRB- granted , it was the first PSOne FF game and PSOne graphics back in the day ruled ! -RRB- , and much more ! It 's three discs long so it will keep you pretty occupied . It has a bunch of side-quests and mini-games . The storyline is quite captivating with themes of love , friendship , comedy , betrayal , and of course ACTION ! The storyline expands from a rebellion against a big corporation , Shinra , that is sucking the life out of the planet to settling an old score and saving the world . The main character you play is Cloud Strife , an ex-soldier mercenary whom in the beginning of the game works for AVALANCHE.You can purchase new , stronger weapons and accessories in the game as you progress . In addition , there are materia that contain magic properties to cast spells , summons , enable skills , and to support your character 's statistics . There 's a traditional leveling system , the more you fight , the faster your characters ' levels and skills increase . In addition to that leveling system , your materia levels up with you all the way to master level . It has the traditional battle system , turn by turn -LRB- I forgot the name for that -RRB- . I guarantee you will love the story , the gameplay , and of course the graphics and cgi scenes within the game . The game is a masterpiece overall and not just in my opinion but in most -LRB- if not all -RRB- gaming websites/magazines rate this the best RPG of all time . If you love RPGs , you will LOVE THIS GAME . If you are new to the RPG scene -LRB- like me when this came out -RRB- , then this will be the PERFECT game to start you off . Not only that , but you will want to play the rest of the games of the Final Fantasy series.If you like this game , I recommend buying the rest of the games for the Final Fantasy VII series . Dirge of Cerberus
 This game is very fun . Though this game does have graphics that are n't nearly as good as , say , Final Fantasy X or Final Fantasy XII , it is still an extremely fun and addicting game . I would suggest this game to any one who likes video games and owns a playstation .
 If you want a captivating story and a good fight then this is a good game . Yes it can get long at times and just when you think its getting boring it picks up again . Any gamer canb agree that Final Fantasy VII is and still is one of the best Role Playing Games of all time .
 i liked this one . story was good enough to keep me playing battle system was sweet . materia system made it more strategic as to the reason of having a limited amount of slots to equip them on . ENDLESS weapons to collect . lots of mini games . some people kick it for having poor graphics . . too bad they cant see it was created in late 90s . . oh well if ignorance is bliss :-RRB- . i liked FF II -LRB- 4 in jap -RRB- a lil more better then vii ive so far replayed II about 10 times of off and on playing from the gba port to when it first came out . a good game to try and get into the final fantasy universe . still lookin to get this one again . . need to beat the weapons at end of game . was surprised when i saw a revamped vid of this couple years ago . wouldve been awesome to see it all polished and see what would have been added into it . over all a good rpg game to try out.graphics - 10audio - 9batttle system - 8story - 9gameplay - 10 -LRB- highly replay-able -RRB- over rating of 8.9
 It 's just how I remember playing it on my PS1 12 years ago , thanks for bringing back old memories .
 My 16 year old grandson bought this product through me and he loves this game . He plays it a lot when he is home . The game came in very good shape and had the instruction book with it so it was just what he wanted and ordered . And the shipping was fast!Thanks !
 Best game ever that takes a while to beat . It has 3 discs of gameplay .
 FF7 is the best RPG ever made . It 's one of the few games you can never get tired of playing .
 very expensive , but this game is worth it . for anyone looking to buy it know that the ps3 has it as an available download for like 10 bucks . ya its no on a cd like you remeber , but hey it saves you some cash . this game is great its a must have game for any true rpg gammer .
 THE BEST GAME THAT I OWN ! Squaresoft 's Final Fantasy VII is 1 of the greatest RPG games out there . I think you will enjoy it even if you are n't a RPG lover . And since it 's on the Greatest Hits and now costs only -LSB- amount -RSB- for the Playststion version , anybody can afford it ! If you do n't have a Playstation , it is also availible for the PC . I like this game better than Final Fantasy IX even though the graphics are n't as good as Final Fantasy IX and the music is slightly worser than Final Fantasy IX . There will be beautiful animation scenes during the game . The graphics there are extremely good . It takes a longer time to master Final Fantasy VII than Final Fantasy IX . The game starts out with 3 discs and a 69 page instruction booklet that should explain everything to you . If you are still a bit confused or stuck somewhere you should get Brady 's Offical Strategy Guide for only -LSB- amount -RSB- or go to the Final Fantasy VII Online Strategy guide ... You will have to register but registration is free . The game begins with an ex-soldier named Cloud fighting with a group called Avalanche against an evil corporation named Shinra . It gets much more extreme later on in the game , not just dealing with the company Shinra . There is a total of 9 characters , 2 which are optional . You must figure out a way to get these 2 secret characters or just go online . The game is kind of boring in the beginning but gets interesting and additive as you go on . You start small then grow bigger in exp. , gil , materia ap , and items . The best feature in this game is possibly the materia system . It gets kind of confusing at first , but you 'll get use to it . The only glitch I have found is that on the 3rd disc , the game sometimes freezes on the menu screen . Maybe my game is a defective but that still should n't stop you from buying this game ! The Graphics for this game I would give is a 9-10 , Gameplay 10-10 , Sound/music 9-10 , Controls 9-10 , and value 10-10 . If I had a choice of Final Fantasy VII , Final Fantasy VIII , or Final Fantasy IX , I would definitly pick Final Fantasy VII .
 5 stars is n't enough for this game . I lost my copy of Disc One about 8 months ago , and I 've been a total wreck . Finally , I found a way to burn a copy , and I started playing again ... The game is exactly the way I left it . 5 years old ? Who can tell ? The game is billions upon billions upon BILLIONS of times better that 8 . If you like RPGs even a little bit , then buy this game . I mean , it 's twenty bucks ! What do you have to lose ? It 's an awesome game .
 There 's nothing much to say about this game ... it 's the best game I 've ever played , and ... well , if you have a PS or PS2 and you do not have this game you are stupid . Go and buy it NOW !!!
 I had heard this game was good , but when I played it , I was rendered unable to say anything but WOW !!!! The characters are very three dimensional . For the first time in a game , I found myself caring for the characters , and likewise found myself actually hating the villain , instead of just wanting to defeat him to finish the game . The story is GREAT !!!!! But , fair warning , this game is extremely long ! However , after finishing it , you 'll wish it was longer !!! EVERYTHING about this game is great !! Even the soundtrack is movie-worthy !! You will NEVER be a true RPG gamer until you have played this !!
 well lets look at your basics GREAT storyline not realistic but typicly a completly realistic story would suck great gameplay I mean I liked it . Tons of sidequests and mini games which go from racing chocobos to motorbike fights to RTS type battles . Graphics are outdated but good the cut scenes are really good . IMO they set the mood great all the time if Sephiroth was close you knew it and you would be kinda spooked -LRB- or maybe it was just me -RRB- I played the thing untill it broke then I went and got a new one even with 9 out -LRB- I had 8 -RRB- the fact is I love this game !
 I 've played Final Fantasy 7 , 8 , and 9 and I have to say 7 is the best . Every part of this game is perfect . Sure , the characters are n't highly detailed but for the time when this game was made they 're perfect . You find yourself falling in love with these super deformed people . Especially Cloud who is the best main character in all of the Final Fantasy games . The story line is very involving . People would n't play this game for 60-80 hours if the story was n't good . It 's almost disappointing that they did n't base the Final Fantasy movie on this game but ... if they did that you 'd already know the ending . This game is a masterpiece . I would n't change one thing about this game . I love it !
 Upon seeing the opening montage for Final Fantasy VII , I swore I had never seen anything that cool.While playing the game , I was forced to re-evaluate that statement -LRB- about -RRB- every five minutes . Although the graphics are nothing to write home about -LRB- I often became lost on some of the screens , when my character was either impossibly small or blocked from view -RRB- the musical score is some of the best music I 've ever seen -LRB- heard -RRB- composed for a video game.I 've also never seen a game with such an engaging plot . This game 's storyline is so complicated -LRB- the world is HUGE -RRB- , I was still learning after my third play-through of the game . Square did a fantastic job blending guns and swords into a Mad Max-like , post-apocalyptic corporate future . The characters are well-developed , some of them exhibiting more personality than some of my friends.The bottom line is that while some may disagree when I say that this game is the best video game ever made to date , there are none that can disagree that this game is truly a benchmark for its genre . If you 're looking for a high standard by which to compare any other PlayStation RPG , this is it .
 THIS THE GAME OF THE CENTURY !!! Never mind FF8 or the others , THIS GAME BLOWS THEM ALL OUT OF THE WATER !!!!!!! Who the heck would argue with that ?!?! FF8 might have a tiny , teeney bit better graphics , BUT THAT 'S ABOUT IT !!! It is the best GAME EVER !!!! It 's got everything you 'll ever need in a game!I still have n't even finished it!But I 'm hopin ' till my mind splits -LRB- ouch -RRB- for them to make a sequel or a movie!And do n't even think about gettin ' FF9 because all it 's got is good graphics and it 's probably a bunch of crap!So buy the game for Cripes sake !
 Final fantsay 7 ... what can i say ? The game spans across 3 cd 's -LRB- already a good thing -RRB- for a toatal of 40 hrs . -LRB- at the bare minimum , my game is at 63hrs and i have ` nt beaten it yet ! -RRB- This game is absolutly incredible , the fmv sequenses surpass any others , they are just beautiful . You will find youself in love with all the charcters . . you will laugh , get enraged , and cry -LRB- trust me you will -RRB- . the main story line branches into thousands of smaller ones and ultimitly turns into one comletly diffrent then the one you started out with . Diffrent people will join you parties and leave , all of them have very diffrent personalities . you do n't really play this game you experiance it ... for instance in one part you go inside the main charecter 's mind and help him find his true self . The battles in this game are great , the spells are incredible and the summons are just beautiful . One of the best things about this game is raising and sorting and getting spells -LRB- materia -RRB- . you must spend about an hour of the entire game time switching materia from person to person . One more of the great things in this game is the backround music , each charecter has distinguishable music , and each town has diffrent music . music is just a minor thing but it is nice . This game has raised the bar for rpg 's and the only other game that can compare to it is final fantasy 8 -LRB- which is not as good -RRB- . So if you own a playstation you have to have this game , if you do n't you do n't know what you are missing ...
 Awesome.THe absolute greatest game ever.Excellent game play , funny , fun , cool music.It 's probably easier to say what it is n't - not much of a challenge for skilled RPG ` ers -LRB- such as myself -RRB- But THE GREATEST GAME EVER !
 Pros : Engaging storylineExpansive World map , interesting localesInteresting battle systemSide quests , secretsCons : Newer players may find graphics too datedSome minor translation errorsFinal boss can be too easySometimes hard to follow plotOverall
 This item is great ! exactly as it was posted , even in a better condition than described ! The price was insanely good when comparing it to others .
 Lets keep this simple ... . There are over 1000 reviews for this game on Amazon . I am going to attempt to sum all of them up in 4 little words . BEST GAME EVER MADE !! Simple as that
 I bought ff7 , tickled with disks 1-2 . disk 3 had a small crack , hardly visible , but enough to keep the game from continuing . Despite all my resets and swearing , the darnit would not play on . If you buy this game used , check all disks CAREFULLY . I had already left positive feedback , so there was nothing I could do when disk 3 would n't work , weeks later . This game was well summarized by one reviewer who said ` your friends and family will feel neglected ' . Excellent in all respects , if you can get a set of disks that will play through . Rocking , poignant , funny . I do n't know what more you could ask . A total hoot of a time burner .
 There is no word to describe how good Final Fantasy VII is . The story is beautiful and characters have very well developed back story . You can play this game over and over and you 'll never get bored of it because it is truly a worthy game .
 ff7 is one of my favorite game , it has an astronomical story line and lots of interesting task to keep u alive and into the game.still love this game and will always love it.i will always rate this game as the master of all rpg games.for those who love rpg games and never played this u should get it even do it is pretty costly its a game to have in ur collection .
 There 's much i could say about this amazing unrivaled classic , however i 'll keep it swift since it 's infamous status as `` Best FF game Ever '' is world-known . This is proof of Square 's original `` GOLD STANDARD '' days , before they became Square Enix.Needless to say , the Final Fantasy Name is tarnished by recent FF titles that do n't even need to be mentioned in this classica review , all in all , there beth not ' another grand final fantasy since 1997 , A hui kaua Final Fantasy VII .
 I know over 1,000 reviews have been written on Amazon . And I know the game came out over 10 years ago , but I had to write a review to my favorite game . I 'll start out with the history . I was in middle school when this game came out and was n't really familiar with this game . Sure , I had played Final Fantasy III -LRB- VI -RRB- when I rented it from my Kroger grocery store -LRB- yes , they used to rent games -RRB- , but I had n't paid much attention to it . I was a Nintendo kid , loved every Mario and Zelda game , but Final Fantasy illuded me . I finally played this game a year after it came out and was hooked . I bought two strategy guides to help me get through it and could n't put the game down . After school or soccer practice I was locked up in my room engrossed in the story . And after beating it , I played through the other Final Fantasy games causing me to become a fan for the rest of my life.Now on to the game itself . I honestly have no flaws to this game . The story was as confusing as any story could be , had plot holes that were n't answered until 10 years later , and the graphics were changed in disk 3 -LRB- had different artists at that time -RRB- , but none of that was bad . It all made the game more memorable . The game world was huge , graphics were amazing , detail to magic was flawless , and the characters had emotions that sucked you in.When I first played the game my favorite part was when you first got out of Midgar . I was so surprised that the world expanded that much ! Now-a-days , my favorite part would have to be the various back-story cutscenes that explained Cloud 's past . Since I first played the game , I have beaten this seven or eight times , have leveled up to 99 four times , and have listened to the game soundtrack no fewer than one hundred times . This is the reason I listen to video game music!This game gets criticism for not aging well . I totally disagree . In fact , I have recently completely played through this game again along with Castlevania
 I loved this game . The game 's battle system and storyline are top class . The game 's graphics are greatly improved from the previous Final Fantasys . And the total amount of time needed to complete the story is just perfect . This is by far one of the best games I have ever played . This is a game anyone can truly enjoy playing .
 I have always loved Final Fantasy VII . I also enjoy all of the other FF series games except the online ones . Final Fantasy VII has an in depth story and hours of extra game play to get all the extras and make your fights against the Extra Bosses and Final Boss epic . Characters have detailed backgrounds and colorful personalities . For the time the game was made the graphics are great . I noticed quite a few people who say this game sucks in comparison to FF8 . I love both games . However , each game is on a completely different level from the other . Final Fantasy VIII was made when graphics had gotten much better and we get those amazing CG scenes . I am a hardcore RPG gamer and have played quite a few RPG 's from many different manufacturers and I still feel the need to play FF VII occasionally even with the amazing RPG 's we now see on the new platforms . I believe the story is what keeps bringing me back .
 Wow . Having been a long time fan of FFVII , to look on here and see the negative reviews honestly shocked me . I went off in search of what they 'd all gotten so angry with , and had to sigh . So here 's a long time player of FFVII , doing her best to be entirely unbiased , and review the game itself .1 . Let 's keep in mind , everyone , that this game was made back in 1997 . The graphics sucked back then , and did so with gusto . During standard gameplay , your characters are blocky and awkward . The cutscenes are SIGNIFICANTLY better , but still nothing you 're going to find in a more recently made game . So do I agree that the graphics suck ? Sure . But I do n't think that makes it a - bad game -.2 . There 's been a lot of talk about how terrible the storyline is . This truly baffles me . As an amateur writer , I ca n't exactly say I 'm an expert of good/bad writing , but I certainly know a poorly told story when I see one - and this does n't make the cut . I found the storyline a little difficult to follow at times , but simply because there were several story lines going on at once that do n't connect up until later . As the game went on , suddenly pieces began to fall into place and I had to applaud the ingenuity of the writers . But to play devil 's advocate . yes - it 's a standard `` let 's go save the world '' over-arcing plot . But I firmly believe that with all the rich character development and sidelines , the simple super-objective does n't make it a - bad game -.3 . I 'm not sure what people have against the ending of the game . I thought it was a nice way to tie up not only the overall apparent belief system of the game , and allow us to recognize that each thing we 'd done had been necessary for the end result .4 . In a same vein , I do have to take up a particular argument with everyone complaining about a certain character dying early on in the game . First , I understand that it 's annoying to put a great deal of effort into leveling up a character that come to find out you 're just going to lose . But guess what ? That 's the plot , and it 's necessary for the end result of the game . Second , for those of you saying `` well , why did n't Cloud use a Phoenix Down ? '' The answer is - when a character reached 0 HP , that does n't mean they 're dead . It means they passed out ; they 've been K.O.ed . A Phoenix Down revives a fallen comrade , not brings them back to life . When a character DIES , they 're SOL . Bye-bye ; see you in the Lifestream .5 . In a more overall sense , for those nay-saying the game , and saying that FFVIII is superior , I 'd like to ask them to produce two movies and at least three spinoff games based on FFVIII that are currently on the market . What 's that you say ? They 're are n't any ? I see . But apparently SquareEnix decided that FFVII was popular and well-done enough to create Before Crisis , Crisis Core , Dirge of Cerberus , Last Order , and Advent Children -LRB- at least -RRB- off of FFVII . Now , I have n't had the opportunity to play all the way through FFVIII yet - my copy was bugged and therefore I was stopped early on - but what I saw when I did play I was n't terribly impressed with . Perhaps my opinion will change when I get my new copy in a week or two . After all , Squall - I mean , Leon - did find his way to Kingdom Hearts . Surely there 's something worth seeing there.Overall , I think it 's unfortunate that a game that inspired me so much is getting bad publicity from some , and I wish I understood better where they were coming from . I believe that FFVII is one of the better RPGs I 've ever played , and I will defend it as long as there is breath left in me , and strength in my fingers to type .
 This is official now as PSOne classicscheck out your playstation account and get one
 I 'm on my dad 's account and I 'm 13 and I found this game under my tv and started to play it . to my surprize it was fun and mostly easy . i had just beat kingdom hearts 2 -LRB- also a very good game -RRB- it is made by the same person who made final fantasy 7 and I think it was the best horrible graphic game i have ever played . yes i know that the game was made a long time ago so im not going to judge it by that . but i really liked the game . if u do n't mind bad graphics and sometimes haveing to figure it out then im sure you will love this game like i did . -LRB- maybe you should try to play kindom hearts also , best game ever -RRB-
 Final Fantasy 7 is quite possibly the greatest game that I have ever played . Even as I write this review I am listening to the soundtrack for the game . When Final Fantasy 7 first became available for the Playstation console , it set the bar that every other rpg must reach in order to be successful . The graphics where outstanding and never before seen . I found myself playing for hours and hours when it only seemed like minutes went by . The story begins in a city called Midgar and it is here that we meet the bulk of the characters . As soon as the game began I was hooked . The turn-based battle system was new to me since this was my first experience with a final fantasy game . It offered a refreshing breath from the typical smash-buttons-together-until-boss-dead video games and actually forced the player to think about what attacks to use . After Aeris died at the end of the first disc I was kind of taken back and I am quite sure that a lot of others felt the same way . She was on of the most loved characters in all of the Final Fantasy Franchise . After seeing the boss of the game , Sephiroth , kill her I felt even more compelled to finish the game . After about 45 hours , the game has an internal clock , I finally succeeded in beating him thus ending the game or so I thought . I picked up the game again a year later and realized that there were tons of side stories that I had skipped and many items that I had over looked . Take for instance raising Chobocos to compete in races and in Cloud 's final limit break . It took me about another six months to find every lost item and complete every side story but it was worth it . I would recommend this game for any hardcore gamer . It will change your life . COM 435
 Recently threw this into the PS2 and revisited what I consider to be not only the best RPG but the best game of all times ... Aeris . All I got ta say . : D
 Pros + A Very Deep , Engrossing and Heartfelt story + Memorable characters + Very Customizable game + Enriching soundtrack + Very detailed cinematics and incredible looking pre-rendered backgrouns + Tons and tons of optional things to doCons-The characters may be memorable , but the game does little to develop them beyond a certain point-There 's no big incentive to use one character over another-It may very well be one of the easiest Final Fantasy games in the seriesAfter eleven years , Final Fantasy VII still manages to be a beast in the RPG field . Boasting a colossal story and a few memorable characters . Final Fantasy VII is the game which made the JRPG genre big in the West and eleven years later it still ranks as one of the greatest games of all time.Final Fantasy VII centers on Cloud Strife . A mercenary who has joined the rebelious group known as AVALANCHE , who are taking on the Shinra Corporation , that is slowly draining the planet of its life . The story all comes together by Cloud 's mysterious past , a terrifying villain and some heartfelt characters . The story of Final Fantasy VII spans so much more than just an evil Corporation . You 'll eventually find yourself on a journey that involves you saving the world . Even compared to today , Final Fantasy VII is an RPG that breaks the rules of traditional storytelling . Rather than being a band of teenagers out to stop some evil adults -LRB- as the JRPG has been drowned out in in recent years -RRB- , Final Fantasy VII puts you in the role of characters about something more . If there were any criticism of the story , it would be that it 's a lot to take in . Some things never really come together in the end and you 'll be left with a lot of burning questions . Much of this , you can bet , is due to some of Final Fantasy VII 's shoddy translation . There were some pieces in the localization process that were left out entirely and make the story come off as a little more sloppy than it was intended to . Another small criticism comes with its characters . While they 're memorable , they often times take a backseat to some of the stories progression . Once we learn what we need to learn about certain characters , the game never really touches them or makes them integral to the plot itself again . If it were n't for their stark personalities , funny quips and own charms , you might forget them.Ever since Final Fantasy IV , the series has used the ATB battle system and Final Fantasy VII is no exception . Every character has an ATB gauge that lets them take action once it 's filled . Pretty basic , but Final Fantasy VII gets a bump by being very customizable . The Materia system allows for nearly endless possibilities for its characters . There are several different kinds of Materia . There 's your basic magic materia that give you spells to cast , but there is also materia to give you more battle commands such as being able to steal or throw items at an enemy . There are other materia there just to boost your stats and others that enhance your spells by giving you the ability to hit all the enemies at once or to absorb health from your enemies . There are far more in each category and they give you infinite ways to play Final Fantasy VII.Without materia , though , your characters are naked and can only attack . This brings about small problem . The first being that there 's is no incentive to use any one character above another . Final Fantasy VII remedies this by givng its character ultra powerful limit breaks . Every character has a limit gauge and when it fills up as they take damage . When full they can let forth a brutal attack . Characters also have limit levels for different limit breaks and the higher the Limit Level the more damage you have to take before its full . Unfortunately , this is all that makes any character different in battle . Materia gives them legs , but you can always transfer over anyone else 's materia to anyone else . In the long run this wo n't bother anyone , but it leads to a lack of variety in the characters and you more than likely wo n't need limit breaks that much to begin with . Final Fantasy VII 's pros more than outnumber the cons . The amount of customization is great , but it still would 've been nice to need one character 's ability over another.Final Fantasy VII is by no means a hard game . It is arguably one of the easiest games in the series . In particular , the final battle turns out to be one of the easiest fights in the game against someone who has often been labeled one of the most threatening in history . Yet Final Fantasy VII makes for that with several hidden goodies . You wo n't find too many optional dungeons in Final Fantasy VII , but you will find an incredible number of optional things to do off the beaten path . From breeding and racing Chocobos , to finding hidden materia , to taking on ultra powerful bosses and even finding hidden characters who have more than just a face , but actually play into the story itself . There are more secrets in Final Fantasy VII than even most RPGs of today.Graphically Final Fantasy VII is a mixed bag . In 1997 these graphics were phenominal . the pre-rendered backgrounds are still incredible looking even to this day . The seventh Final Fantasy has a lot of style . The polygons are charming though they do n't look as cool as the rest of the environments . The FMVs are still amazing and wonderfully detailed for its time . There are a couple of moments of slowdown with Final Fantasy VII , however , and some of the summon animations can get lengthy and repetitive . But they do n't take away from its wildly detaile environments.The music score may actually be the most rewarding thing for Final Fantasy VII . The music score manages to fill the situations for the right moment . But it also is n't afraid to showcase a lot of emotion either . There are some moments where it can be dark and others where it 's very light . In particular , the character themes are really nice and memorable . Final Fantasy VII does n't have the best soundtrack within the series , but it has some of the most memorable music numbers of the entire series.After eleven years Final Fantasy VII is still a force to be reckoned with . There are a few gaps in its storyline that you may have to read a bit more deeply to learn about -LRB- as not all of it is within the game itself , but if anything confuses you there have been countless FAQs written as well as spin-offs and sequels -RRB- and it shuns some of its characters at points , but the package is still one of the best Playstation outings of all time , and every gamer should pick up and play Final Fantasy VII at least once .
 Seriously , it 's 2008 , why am I reviewing this game so long after it came out ? Well , because I want to . So there . Anyway , this game is marvelous ; I still replay it every once in awhile , and it never gets old for me . You 'd think I 'd get sick of it after awhile , but I notice and appreciate something new each time I play it . I personally think this game has aged pretty well , and I 'll continue to play it until my discs break in half . Warning
 fun to play , good music , great story , all around fantastic game , its would be nice to see it in high def on the ps3 though -LRB- remake -RRB- .
 Well , what can i say about this game . It is the best rpg ever spawned on the face of the earth . Not only does it have some of the greatest and most charismatic characters ever created in video game history , it has one of the most emotion , heartfelt , and greatest storylines of all-time . The relationships , the parallelism to real-life , over all makes it a top-ten game , also has one of the greatest operatic soundtracks ever . Square Enix truly makes great games , but this by far is the greatest , it will be hard to surpass .
 My son asked for this for Christmas , got it , played it and did n't do a lot of his chores because of it !
 I loved this game . The graphics were good , and the story line was awesome . There were some interesting twists in the second cd . I would definately recommend this game to my friends .
 Love Rpg 's ? Must have.Don ' t like Rpg 's ? give it a try . Not sure ? jump right in ! This game is the pinnacle of playstation software.If there is one game on the playstation I would have to live my liffe with this would be it.Stunning , crafted story , full motion videos , much fun , and the best of alll ... 50 + hours of fun spanning three disks !
 In a word ... AMAZING ! I first bought this game in 1997 when it first came out and still love to play it . The graphics , story , and game-play all come together making this game a true masterpiece . This epic tale of world domination and the apocalypes will cause you to skip doing your homework , house work , and other daily chores and may cause you to drop out of school or get fired from your job :O -RRB- Mabey not . But this is a MUST HAVE for RPG fans . When your done with with Final Fantasy 7 go bye Final Fantasy 8 . FF8 does n't have as good of a story , but it is a very good game . On a scale from 1-10 I give FF7 a 10 and FF8 a 9
 I 'm not even going to bother repeating some of the things people have said in the 1100 + reviews of this game , but I would like to address some of those things .1 . THE GRAPHICS ARE TERRIBLE.A . This complaint is most often seen in reviews written by people who purchased the game during the advent of the PS2 when graphics were starting to become crisper and clearer . The graphics are n't `` good '' because the game was made in 1997 . Get this into your head before you devalue this game for its poor graphics . Strangely enough , I 've seen this complaint more frequently in games like this than in older `` top-down '' RPGs like FFV or FFVI .2 . THE STORY IS CRAP.A . This is half true , but also somewhat untrue . FFVII 's storyline is actually quite colorful and interesting , and I think people miss the point of an RPG when they complain that `` hours go by without story development '' . Lame as some may find it , this is a typical characteristic of most RPGs because the character needs to be given time to prepare for difficulties later in the game . However , I must agree that FFVII 's story is a bit disjointed and confusing , but once you find a site that explains it all for you , it makes much more sense and is a bit less stupefying . This does raise the complaint , however , that not enough was explained in the game ; this is true . A game should provide complete closure on all aspects of its plot by the ending credits , but FFVII does not .3 . A MAIN CHARACTER DIES AND YOU CA N'T REVIVE THEM.A . Characters that `` die '' in Final Fantasy battles do not actually `` die '' . Like in the famous Pokemon series , when one loses all of its hit points -LRB- HP -RRB- , it `` faints '' and must be revived through treatment . I think this concept is more clear in later RPGs -LRB- who give you 1 HP after a battle in which a character faints -RRB- . The Phoenix Down is a bit confusing because of the Phoenix traditionally reviving the `` dead '' , but let me assure you , characters never DIE in an RPG unless the story permits it -LRB- as is the case of FFVII -RRB- . Why people really complain about this is kind of a mystery to me . Perhaps they 're angry that they spent so much time building Aeris up only to have her go kaput . That 's understandable .3 . THE BATTLE SYSTEM IS UNBALANCED.A . I 'm inclined to disagree with this complaint . Because of the way one can easily switch the powers of one character to another causes the player not to become too dependent on one character . With unique abilities , for example , the player might invest all of their time in one character that has proven to be useful only to find them completely worthless against a boss that is immune to their particular skill . In FFVII , any character can be invaluable against a boss as long as they have been equipped with the right stuff . This is quite an advantage in FFVII . Sure , it may make the characters seem less unique , but it might save one some frustration when combating difficult enemies in the game.Apart from that , the music is amazing and the gameplay is fantastic . Despite some minor drawbacks , this game is definitely in the running for the top ten RPGs of all time .
 I could tell right at the beginning when the game started , that I was going to have fun playing it . It grabs you immediately , along with the looks that I had never seen before . It is easy to give this game a perfect 10 because when I played Final Fantasy VII it was more fun , best looking , and a huge free roaming world , I had ever experience . I loved all the vehicles that were in the game , along with the music . If you have never played this game , I believe you would have fun just because of the story line along with the superior game play , which is the most important , aspect right!The game is not hard to figure out in terms of fighting and leveling up so getting right to the game play is what you do . It is near and dear to my heart .
 This is a wonderful game , hands down . You MUST play this game if you are an RPG fan.One thing that I will admit - I played this game in 1997-1998 , when the graphics were truly impressive . If you are young or new to gaming and you play it now , the graphics may bother you . However , if you can look beyond the slightly dated graphics , I believe that it will provide a noteworthy and memorable gaming experience .
 I LOVE this game !! it is very replayable and you 'll keep on playing it from time to time for years -LRB- i know i have ^_^ -RRB- You pretty much HAVE to replay this game after the first time through . there are just so many side quests and different things to explore !! A MUST BUY FOR ALL GAMERS !!
 i must have read 7 pages of reaviws on this game and all of them -LRB- except 4 -RRB- were all 5 star reaveiws with 80 unforgettble hours of gameplay awesome charecters like cloud vincent -LRB- the side qeast to get vincent is sooo fun !!!! -RRB- and seperoth make this game awesome !! after the next 3 months good luck even trying to find a copy this game is really amazing in terms of enjoyment and playabillity -LRB- ive played it MANY times over -RRB- im just glad a copy is sitting on my shelf
 Are the graphics out-dated ? Absolutely . Does it matter ? To put it bluntly , yes . But only to the superficial and impatient who can not stand sitting in one place without some kind of big , computer-generated nuclear explosion happening ever three minutes.Final Fantasy VII 's storyline is so rich and so vibrant that if it had been thought up and written into a novel by a science fiction writer of even marginal talent , it would be remembered as one of the greatest science fiction novels of all time.I study literature and its deep intricacies for a living , and I am able to say with all confidence
 Ok , first thing 's first . There is a reason 90 percent of the gaming community hail this as the best RPG ever made . That reason being that it is . You do n't agree ? tell it to the other thousand reviewers on this site that gave it five stars.Now for the fun part ... What you said about no one being able to say one negative word about this game without being hounded by hatemail , yes , you are correct . Most of the people who like this game are willing to defend it with a firey passion . I personally do n't agree with this -LRB- the hatemail -RRB- , but I have no say in the matter.As far as the graphics are concerned , the 3d character models are sub-par , they were even when they came out , but that is no deterrant from the overall expirience of the game , that is , if you 're willing to keep an open mind about a complicated and deep story . The environments on the other hand , are well rendered and are quite good , especially for that time.Now , in reference to you 're complaint that no one in the game just used a pheonix down to revive Aeris , have you ever noticed how , in a battle , when a character is defeated it says `` KO '' next to their name , not `` dead '' ? Well , in case you have n't , the pheonix down is not a magic potion that revives the dead . It simply awakens those who have been rendered unable to fight . In essence , it is a painkiller , or a stimulant.So , if you have any more complaints about this game , feel free to write a new review to adress them , and I will be happy to shut you up once more.Good Day .
 Final Fantasy VII was my first RPG . I recall being a silly 11 year old without the slightest idea of anything in the world , who 's father had just bought him a Sony Playstation for Christmas , 1997 . I did n't know what an RPG was . FF7 was a game , reading the remarkable reviews online , that I did n't quite understand until I played it . Characters who grow as you play ? The concept was entirely new to me.By summer 1998 I was a full fledged fan of RPG 's . In February I 'd bought Final Fantasy Tactics , followed up by Breath of Fire III -LRB- horrid game now that I look back -RRB- , and a FF7 fanatic . Just as FF7 opened the RPG flood gates into the American market , it opened the flood gates on me as well . Ever since the RPG has been my favorite game and though I 've long since found better games than FF7 , it still holds a tender place in my memory.Final Fantasy VII , released in 1997 , tells the story of Cloud Strife , a mercenary for hire who signs up to do a mission with a rebel group named Avalanche headed by Barret Wallace , dedicated to the destruction of the Shinra Corporation , a company that basically runs the entire world . Though he originally signed up for a single mission , Cloud is inevitably drawn into a monumental battle , encountering all the wonders of the world along the way . War , betrayal , death , love , sacrafice are all thrown into the mix as Cloud is pitted against the mysterious Sephiroth , one of the most memorable and widely talked about villains in video game history.I read the review from `` The 11 year old gamer '' up there who says that the graphics in this game really suck . I suppose that by today 's standards that is true . The graphics are subpar . It amazes me and makes me realize just how old I 've really become . I remember in 1997 when FF7 's graphics were all the rave . Nobody had ever seen anything like it before , and absolutely every RPG released afterwards has been influenced by it in some way or another.Its far from perfect though . The dialogue , while advanced by standards in 1997 when we were used to `` You spoony bard ! '' -LRB- from Final Fantasy 2 on the SNES , which by the way is actually the 4th game in the series ; the REAL FF2 and FF3 for the NES were never released in the U.S. and Nintendo apparently tried to hide it by releasing Final Fantasy 4 and 6 and calling them FF2 and FF3 respectively . FF5 was not released in the U.S. until about 1999 or 2000 -RRB- . The storyline can get needlessly complex as well , but other than that it 's a pretty excellent experience.It has been improved on since then -LRB- later Final Fantasy installments such as FF9 , or even previous FF games were superior , I.E. FF4 and FF6 -RRB- , but it 's still a classic . Were it not for FF7 the RPG genre would still be in the shadows . This is the game that started it all .
 Get this game only if you know you have at least 90 + hours available to spend on this game . That is at approx
 This is the seventh in the hailed Final Fantasy series by squaresoft.It has an intriguing storyline and pretty good music . I would personally reccomend this game even if you 're only a little interested in RPG 's .
 The only problem I 've EVER found with this game is that the in-game graphics are ... well ... less than desired . Final Fantasy 7 uses a different kind of FMV technique in some parts of the game . What they do is they make a FMV background , then slap the in-game graphic character on top of that . -LRB- If you have a hacking utility , watch the movies and you 'll see what I mean . -RRB- The game has some excellent music lined up to set the mood , and as the plot get 's deeper , everyone has their own twist . But in the end it all comes together . A question to you
 250 for final fantasy 7 people do n't buy this for 250 at the most its worth 35 dollars if you do buy it you 're an idiot .
 I just finished writing a review of the excellent soundtrack to this game and realised I had n't even written a review for the game , so here goes . In my opinion this is the greatest video game of any genre , of all time . The Final Fantasy series in general is probably my favourite series of games -LRB- awaiting XII eagerly -RRB- , and VII is the best of all.What makes it the best ? It has to be the plot , which by gaming standards is superb , the angst driven main character is overdone in RPG 's but it works to good effect here . Sephiroth is another reason , he is the best bad-guy in a game ever , he is just pure evil . He causes the plot to be more unpredictable than your average RPG , who honestly expected him to kill Aeris , when they first played through ? Main characters rarely die in these sort of games . It is just a joy to play in every sense , the mini games compliment it well , including in the Gold Saucer . The soundtrack is great , of course the graphics are now dated , but it does n't detract from the gameplay at all , a true masterpiece , if you do n't own it already , you could n't do any better than to buy it now !
 I miss this game . The 1st time I saw it I was6 years old and did n't know what RPG games wereuntil I played it . Too bad I do n't have it any more .
 I love this game . Once I played I could n't leave my Playstation . I highly recomend it .
 Amazing , it was my first of a fine series of games i now own . It was because of this game that i now own 5 of the 10 fantasy games that squaresoft produced , from 5 to 10 , however i do not believe it to be my favourite . Against popular opinion i think the best of the series is number 8 .
 There is no way that VIII sold more than VII . Look at the numbers and it 'll show that VII is the most sold Final Fantasy in N. America & maybe Japan . And another thing , people have the right to defend their favorite game . Just like I could talk about how bad `` Ulysses '' the book was because of dialouge and someone who loved the book would return explaining how it was a masterpiece because of it . Think about it . By the way even though it 's all a matter of opinion , numbers do n't lie . It sold millions of copies for a reason .
 And listen up to what I got to say ! Now , Final Fantasy VII has been called a lot of things , good and bad . Some people say it does n't deserve all the lavish praise that 's been heaped on it . Some say it was terribly overrated . A lot of the negative things said about it are true . Yeah , the character graphics are bad . Yeah , sometimes the plot veers off course a little . Yeah , sometimes the battles can get tedious and boring . However , if you give FFVII and honest chance and play through it with and open mind and a positive attitude , you 'll be rewarded.The characters , specifically Aeris and Sephiroth , are some of the most memerable ever to appear on a video game . They truly live on within you long after you finish the game . The environments are amazingly well though out , detailed , and often charming . The music can not be denied , It perfectly complements the events of the game . The villian is a guy you 'll really love to hate , basically the true embodiment of evil . And finally finishing this epic journey is very satisfying.Well , there 's not much else to say . I sincerely hope you do n't live your life without at least once experiencing Final Fantasy VII !
 I must say , this game is great.I have written another review for this game , but i didnt feel it was completey correct.One thing was it is confusing and I cant say its for everyone , i say this because if you dont like FF and you havent tried FF before dont start here.The game is fun , but not good graphics , and its confusing.Yu may not like this game , I warn you .
 This is by far one of the BEST Final Fantasy games I 've played . I HIGHLY reccommend this game to RPG lovers . If you like Final Fantasy , you wil LOVE this game . BUY IT NOW !!!!
 I have played Final Fantasy One Two Seven Eight Nine Ten Tatcits and Tactics Advanced , and this one IS the best of all ... let me explain ... To begin with it has the best storyline . Best characters -LRB- you know you wish u had a gun implanted on your hand -RRB- that have and ability to learn any type of spells you so desire , making it so you can have you fighter , healer , black mage , and your Mr. Hurt.Each of the charachters have thier own intersting history and how it all intertwines with the main story line , and you also get to explore some of thier past.The Graphics , at the time where the best out there , a breakthrough in graphics -LRB- it looks even better on PC -RRB- . The battle system bieng random battles and TBC -LRB- turn based combat -RRB- may not be every ones favourite but it sure should be if your a TRUE final fantasy fan ! The combos of mageic abled to use in battles are endless and the enjoyability to use Knights of the Round almost endlessy is a treat for anyone!I , in fact have not finished the game so i cant say anything about the ending , though i heard it was great ! I have well over 80 hours of gameplay , and currently trying to level up my characters to as high as i can get em!Also with the extra characters -LRB- Vincent and Yuffie -RRB- makes it more fun becuase you get to enjoy more weapons and events with these characters.I just have to say this IS a classic for eternity and will always be my favourite Final Fantasy !
 Final Fantasy VII was the mark of the new age . The series ascended from the 16-bit world of Super Nintendo , heralded by the cries of millions of fans . Among the games the legendary `` trilogy '' - IV , V , VI - and even the `` trilogy '' before that one - Final Fantasy I , II , III - Final Fantasy VII stands above them all . Even the last titan of games - the beloved Final Fantasy VI-bows to this one . Every game before it might as well be buried in dust . Final Fantasy VIII , IX , and X were all possible by the success of Final Fantasy VII but never did they parallel it . Better than every game before and better than every game after it . The ONLY game to ever be regarded as `` quite possibly the best game ever made '' by any gaming magazine -LRB- GameFan -RRB- . Here comes a story of a former SOLDIER , a Mr. T with gun-arm man , a childhood friend with a kind heart , a young woman with mysterious past , a lone wolf journeying home , and a fortune - telling robot in the form of a mog and a cat . And then there is a dark , mysterious man who rises from a long sleep and an ambitious little girl who is more than she seems . They confront an empire called the Shinra that drains the world of its life and a villain from the past who begins to make an appearance . To find out what happens , play the game . But if have n't already played it by now , shame on you.Graphics will surprise you if you 've restricted yourself to an SNES . But those of you with PS2 and other modern systems , you will not be impressed . Everyone either enjoyed the graphics , hated or did n't care . But you will certainly be satisfied . The FMVs are still memorable and the summon animations are quite possibly the best . 10/10The soundtrack is an absolute masterpiece . IV , V , VI all had magnificent pieces but they can not compare to Final Fantasy VII 's musical score , especially since the PSX platform has enabled Mr. Uematsu to use more orchestrated songs . This game has the best version of the `` Prelude . '' And its accompanied by other great tracks such as `` Opening
 As FF8 is to serious and FF9 isnt serious enough FF7 is a plesent mix between the two . I have a friend that refuses to play 7 becaus of the dated grafix . I pitty him becaus he will never know the joy of FF7 . The story line is unforgetable , the character development is marvelous , and the battle system is intricat . The games central enemy is clear 5 hours into the game , not like in 9 whare you dont see Kuja untill the end of Disk one or in 8 whare you dont lern of Ultimecia untill neer the end . I admit the grafix -LSB- are weak -RSB- compaired to FF8 & 9 but they have their own personal charm , like for instince , in battle Cloud dosnt have a mouth . A truly lovely game that every RPG lover should play .
 Okay , this is a great game . I have already written a review about it . What I am here to say is , do n't pay attention to any reviews from `` a gamer from lakeforest , michigan '' . If you go through the reviews , this child with no life has gone through and written MANY 1 star reviews that have about 1/2 paragraph of text . He has also gone through and given 4 or so `` good review '' ratings to each one and then gone through to give 4 or 5 `` bad review '' ratings to anything 4 stars or above . So , try to avoid those reviews . They are misleading , because they are all from the same person who has nothing to do but attempt to manipulate people . Once again , I have already written a review , so you can read that if you wish.Amazon.com please do not delete this . It is important that buyers know that they are being mislead .
 I mean no offense to the last reviewer that gave it a one but PLEASE judge a game on something other than GRAPHICS . It makes it obvious that you fall for the flash and color of a game and not for the gameplay or plot -LRB- there is nothing wrong with this , but without good gameplay and something resembling a plot , it will just look like a Mario game , excluding Super Mario III -RRB- . Plus it makes it obvious that you 're jumping on the `` Titanic '' - like bandwagon -LRB- meaning that when something reaches major success over something you felt was better you feel the need to bash it every chance you get ; or jealousy -RRB- And Final Fantasy VIII is a good game , but accept the fact that it will NEVER be as popular and highly regarded in the RPG gaming world as VII -LRB- meaning get over it -RRB- . I 'm not going to label ones that just grade a game on graphics -LRB- you are entitled to your opinion -RRB- . But RPGs are an exception that should be judge as a whole . And somebody obviously did n't .
 Final Fantasy 7 took one of the first steps towards 3-d RPGs for playstation , and improved greatly as they continued the series . I have played this game alot , and never got everything . The materia system was a new and good idea , the characters for the most part had good historys and backgrounds , and u felt like u could relate to most of them . Besides people like cait sith and vincent . This is a definit Must have for people who love RPGs , SquareSoft + Rpg = a great game -LRB- 99 % of the time -RRB- It has alot of gameplay , Mini quests , Its fun and challenging to beat all the Weapon Monsters thruout the game , and breeding chocobos . So if u dont have this game , its a gaurenteed favorite.Unless u dont play RPG 's at all , then ur basically out of luck here
 Hey , this game is n't as hard as you think . This is the only FF I 've ever beaten . But that does n't make it the best FF I 've ever played . FF7 is truly pretty good . The main character is so cool look ` in . FF8 is a little better .9 is just a screw up.It 's totally unfuturistic . Getting 7 or 8 is a good idea . Getting 9 would be a waste of money . Thankes for reading !
 Final Fantasy 7 ... . If you have n't got a copy then either you do n't have the playstation or you are plain nuts!The graphics are amazing though a bit cartoony , and the battle system is easy to use , casting summon monstaers or slashing an opponent with your huge sword or maybe casting a magic spell , this game just shows how far the playstation can go and it 's crammed into 3 massive discsFF7 drops you straight into battle and the first thing you notice is the brilliant graphics , and this gets better during the FMV cut scenes and is even more shocking due to the Summon monsters who appear , once you see the graphics you think oh it must have a rubbish storyline and plot and a boring game with impossible to solve puzzles , but this is not true , Square known for their enthralling plots , have made one of the most shocking emotional plots inthe world , with you trying to find the truth of the past and about who the real enemy is , while numberous of sub games are given to you to keep you hooked , you can head to the Gold Sourcer and play on the arcade or go on a rollercoater ride , or snowboard at the icle inn or even breed chocobos.And the game just never lets you down in the emotion department , which thrills you with what should I do , traitors and love and hatred , also spying and confusion , this game is an atomic bomb covered in a shape of 3 discs , FF7 a must for all gamers ... A must hace for all VG players ... This is by far the best RPG ever ...
 Ok now that FF8 came out it has overshadowed Final Fantasy 7 . But seriously part 7 is about 100 times better than part 8 . Part 8 is so boring the best character in the game is Seifer . But in part 7 you 'll love all the characters and you wont be able to decide who to take along with you . The storyline is much better than part 8 and it 's much more enjoyable and will actually make you feel like your part of it . There a couple of sceenes that will make you feel really angry , depressed , excited , nervous , and even really , really sad . The graphics will still blow your mind and the fmv 's are incredible but forget that the game is nearly flawless you 'll absoulutly love this game . Not only is it the best RPG of all time but the best videogame of all time , forget about Final Fantasy 8 , if you really want an excellent RPG stick with Final Fantasy 7 it will blow you away !
 There r only two words to describe this game and that is BAD GAME !!!!!!! The graphics r terrible !!! and the gameplay is also BAD so for all the people who think this is the best game ever grow up this game is the worse . I 've played better games on the atari . Also anyone who purchased this game when it first came out got ripped off big time . I do n't know who would ever say this is the best game ever ! By the way i did beat this game and I still ca n't understand why people would say it 's the best game ever !! To tell you the truth i think this game is a complete and terrible waste of money !!! I sure am glad the store i bought it from let me return it to get a better game !!!!!!!!!! Now to end this review with these words that describe the game to the bone . This game is the worst game ever made and that 's what the title for the game should be !!!!!!!!!
 actually i am 14 and i didnt feel like logging in to write this . It is an awsome game with a great story line and many plot twists . it is really wxcicing to play and anyone who even thinks that thry like RPGs should buy it even if the graphics arent that great . It was made in the 1990 's for petes sake . but it is still on of the greatist games ever made .
 I 'll just separate my review into sections.Sound
 Another breathtaking squaresoft game . Sepiroth is dead or is he ? It all starts when you join a group in the slums called AVALANCHE and try and destroy reactors which an evil company called SHINRA are using to suck the life out the planet . Though when Cloud -LRB- the main man ! -RRB- meets a girl called Areis he falls in love with her . When she is taken by SHINRA he finds she is an ancient , the last one ! He goes to the main building to rescue her and finds out his arch enemy Sepiroth is still alive though he was killed years ago . The team decide to go after him . That was just a basic plot for it , buy and feel the story come out at you , perfect characters with real personalites . A totally breathtaking story and plot .
 This is my favorite game ever . The storyline rocks ! The gameplay is awesome ! Sure the language is sometimes a little strong -LRB- thank 's to Barret -RRB- but it 's all to improve the feeling of the storyline . The characters are awesome and the music enjoyable . I 'm not saying the graphics are the best , -LRB- hey , the FMV 's do n't look that bad -RRB- but who cares as long as the game is good ! I 'm very satisfied with this product .
 lets see now ... this is an Immersive with a good and compelling storyline and great Characters Graphics are pretty good ... Sound is AWESOME !!! . and who ca n't forget the mini-Games and chocobo raising . * hugs Gold Chocobo and Knights of the round materia . * you can use a variety of weapons from Swords to Guns and Rods . The weapons scared me no doubt and that is the first time i was ever scared at some monster in any game . overall you should get this game
 This is the game that started me on RPG 's . I LOVE this game . I 'm in the middle of playing it for about the 6th time . This game has an AMAZING story line . It develops all of its character 's pasts . Not many RPG 's do it , but this one is not your ordinary RPG -LRB- Role Playing Game -RRB- . I hope you buy and enjoy ... If you do n't enjoy this game , there is something wrong with you . ... I love this game ...
 This is by far the best game ive ever played on my PS1.This game is complexed with numerous puzles and great gameplay that will blow your mind.It has numerous extras like beating Ruby Weapon -LRB- which i did on my 13th try -RRB- and geting other charecters . My recomindation is to get this game . : -RRB-
 This is one of the most wonderful games ever ! It has a great story and really cool characters ! This game is really exciting ! This is an unforgettable game and I recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a totally awesome RPG !
 This video game is certainly my favortie ff game , that is among the first mystic quest
 Final Fantasy VII is the greatest game of all time.It was the first RPG I played and I loved it to death.From then on I was hooked on Final Fantasys.I own allthe Final Fantasys made so far , and I love 7 the most .
 Although this game is time demanding -LRB- about 50-80 hours of play to beat it -RRB- , it is definately worth it . The movies , like all FF games , are REALLY cool . I got it and the first day was so addicted I played for seven hours straight!PROS - Excellent graphics , long playing time so you do n't get bored like some 2-hour games , wonderful storyline/plot , and simple controllsCONS - Barret sure likes to cuss -LRB- sh ** , da ** , stuff like that -RRB- , even in front of his 4-year daughter ! Materia can be confusing , and in order to learn secrets like Master Materia , you need a gameguide .
 The PSX was the very first video game system I ever received . I originally wanted a N64 -LRB- God only knows why -RRB- but luckily Toys R Us was out of stock . With my brand new system I got a brand new RPG called Final Fantasy VII . I had never heard of RPGs but some commercial I saw for it made it look cool , so I decided to buy it . That was definitely one of the best decisions I ever made ! This game was top notch - although now the features may be a little outdated , this game is without a doubt a classic and it should be played by all gamers . Even if you think you hate RPGs , give this one a try , as it could change your perspective . Although I 've owned it for about five years I still play it like the first time . Besides this one , I have also played FFIV -LRB- well , the version in Final Fantasy Chronicles -RRB- , FFVIII , FFIX , and FFX , and currently FFVII is my absolute favorite.Three words for you : BUY . IT . NOW .
 This is another one of those occasions where I did not know it was even technically possible to be so good . -LRB- In this case , I did n't know a game could be so good before playing BG2 which is just as good . -RRB- As a game and an experience in general it is totally awesome . There are little flaws in the less important parts but you quickly forget those since the things that are good are extremely so.If FF VII -LRB- the only one of the series I have played , but I would still be willing to bet it is the best -RRB- was not a game , it would be quite weird . It is full of details that would not make sense in real life . Things like the battle system make no effort to be realistic , just good . The battles are in fact mainly totally ridiculously easy , but at least they are generally highly entertaining . There are a couple of expections to the easiness though , one big monster which I killed even though it was not necessary for the plot was more difficult than just about any adversary in any game I have played -LRB- with the expection of the final boss in Jedi Knight -RRB- . Other huge bosses , though easy , were simply very much awesome.The plot starts with you fighting a big , evil , unecological corporation that practically controls the world , but it is full of twists and you will soon find yourself doing something much more interesting than just that . It 's a brilliant plot ; it has occasional little illogicalities and unbeliavable coincidencies , but such details are of little importance since it is very involving , extremely touching and simply plain cool , and has a very legendary feeling to the whole thing . It is perfectly carried on with what I could only call good direction -LRB- perfect timing in the scenes and things like that -RRB- , great cinematic sequencies and incredible music . The music in general varies from nice little background tunes to epic ones that are at places more interesting than the action , although usually the action is still even more interesting.When I , just a while ago , finished the game for the first time , I had to have a lie down because the ending had been so awesome.Besides of the main plot , there are tons of sub-guests and mini-games and whatnot , and it would would take dozens of hours to complete all of them.The charaters are generally good , although sometimes weird , and some of them are just awesome ; the villain is the coolest fictional individual that I have seen anywhere , in fact almost too cool because you are supposed to hate the villain in a game , not like them . -LRB- Particularly some girls I know just keep sighing after him rather than thinking about killing him . -RRB- I personally did hate him too though , the plot does a pretty good job in creating such feeling . Also , the graphics of the important characters are good in the sense that they are so personal , each even moves in their own manner.The graphics are , well , a bit old by now , but they were mentioned in the Guinness Book of Records when they were new , and there is still no room for complaint ; and they still manage to impress , often very much so . There is nothing to complain about the sounds either.Overall ... well , I can not describe how good it was overall . I do not know strong enough words .
 Well , where do I begin ? Final Fantasy 7 is a great game . Duh , you knew I 'd say that , I gave it the stars , what else could I say ? To tell you the truth , this game does have faults . But hey , what does n't ? Here 's the bad news first . The game has cheesy dialogue , a plot that while always changing , can be confusing to beginners . The graphics ai n't to good and the beginning can be somewhat ... slow . But hang on , there 's good to counter that bad . Cheesy dialogue , yes , but hey , we all want something cheesy that plays on emotion every once and a while . The plot is deep and will keep you going . The graphics are n't the worst and after a while , you doe n't even notice it . And the game picks up quickly . There are tons of twists and turns and stuff -LRB- all kinds of stuff -RRB- which will have you forever searching . I advise you get the players guide . But this is a beautiful moder/future/fantasy that reall hit home . Get it . I demand you do .
 THIS WAS THE BEST GAME EVER . The storyline was absolutely excellent . I played about 80 hours on one game and I have started 3 new games . the music was great . I never found the game to be boring -LRB- except during the tedious random battles :-RRB- -RRB- . The caracters were very well developed . the graphics were n't that great , but they were in 1997 when it was made.If you like rpg 's and even if you do n't you should get this game . it 's well worth the time and money .
 First of all let me say that this game is THE greatest RPG of all time . It is also is the greatest Final Fantasy of all 10 , and let me say no RPG and no Final Fantasy has ever come close to it except for 6 , but this farly passes it.The battle system , the materia system , the story line , the characters , there all perfect , infact this game is perfect and if you are an RPG fan or a Final Fantasy fan and this is not in your game library , please check into a mental ward before you do yourself harm by not buying this game . BUY IT NOW !!!
 This game is probably the last good Final Fantasy game in the series . The game had an amazing storyline that kept me playing the game into the wee hours of the night -LRB- there were times when I never even slept -RRB- . The game had an easy system for equiping magic -LRB- thanks to mataria -RRB- and weapons . You cold simply buy magic and weapons which was excellent . But despite how easy these features were the game was still hard to the end . I would like to thank this game for entering me into the world of RPG 's . And if anyone else who bought this as their first RPG it will probably do the same .
 I love this game ! This has one of the best storys of a FF game i have ever here and the twists . Wow . You may not go for the blocky look but you will be missing out on one of the bests RPGs of all time . I also own the soundtrack , and it is wounderful . The villian Sephiroth is great , the Hero and all the characters are wounderful . If you have the chance Buy ! Oh BEN if you are reading this FF6 is great too .
 OK , THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER CREATED . The storyline , the characters . It 's just all out EXCELLENT ... IF YOU DO N'T HAVE THIS GAME...B-U-Y I-T N-O-W !!!!! I SUGGEST IT TO ANYONE !
 ok let me just say THIS GAME IS THE BEST . its the best rpg ever and this is better then any other rpg around . the characters are cool `` i like Tifa the best * _ * '' . the sound is great like when you fight the bosses and the graphics are ok , there even better when you use a summon like nights of the round . HOW can you not love this game !!!!!!!!!!
 I have played many games in my life . Metal Gear Solid was one of the greatest . MGS2 was even better ! But FF7 totally blew them out of the water !! The cast of characters , the battles , and especially the materia system ! As Cloud Strife , you embark on an epic journey to save the world from the evil -LRB- but really really cool -RRB- Sephiroth . Final Fantasy is a work of magic by Square soft , and on a scale from one to ten , I give it 100 !!!!
 RPG 's in this world have changed . There 's the MMORPG 's , there 's games like Baldur 's Gate 2 , and there 's hack and slash like Diablo . Theres all of these clones to them , with each one puttering out and fading in thier short exsistence.Then there 's Final Fantasy 7 . A Turn-Based `` Opera '' of sorts , this epic game by Squaresoft is truly king . Even after 4 years of being released , it still is at a level of it 's own in Computer Gaming . It was the father of intrecate stories like Baldur 's Gate , the father of amazing cut scenes as in Diablo 2 -LRB- but still , Blizzard is king there . -RRB- . The gameplay and time you put in this goes unwasted . The rewards of playing Cloud and friends while fighting the Evil Shinra and stopping an insane man from destroying the world is grand.Yet as you play the game you know that damned Jehovah is coming up soon , and the challenge of this game sinks in . It truly emplores you to use all of your wits and strategy to top the monsters in this game , such as the Weapons , Sephiroth , Shinra , and the other 100 + monsters that roam in this game . These monsters come up as random encounters , and while the norm back in 1997 , when you play now it feels a little bit awkard having monsters randomly pop up and try to kick you -LRB- ... -RRB- . The graphics , while a little blocky , still is magnifecent and beautiful , especially the cut-scenes . In the beginning , watching Aeris and Midgard slowly zoom out to see the whole city is excellent . My eyes still pop out of their sockets as I watch these cut scenes . It 's awesome.The only con to the game is trying to figure out where to go sometimes . You really , really have to pay attention to the text in order to see where to go next and what you have to do . Another thing is the text . Since there is no sound from the characters , all you see is text . Also , some Summon materia takes forever to load , and they do n't have an animation skip button . While I do n't mind that , others frequently complain about this.Bottom Line
 This is the `` must-have '' of the series . Skip VIII , get IX and X , and throw yourself into the mists of time to rekindle that old flame called Final Fantasy VII . This game brought the non-hardcore gamers and hardcore gamers together . -LRB- much like Star Trek IV did with non trekkies , trekkers ... -RRB- The CG effects left a mark on the people who played it and introduced Final Fantasy to the mainstream . I never played any FF before this and was n't the least bit interested , but , I tried it ... the rest is history . The Statue of Mario was replaced in ' 97 . One last thing , do n't let the release year fool you ... VII stands as outstanding graphically as it did then and weaves a tale that will still amaze .
 This game is a reallly great game . It has a long storyline , relatively good graphics , and good gameplay . I also like how the charachters still use magic although it is a more `` advanced setting '' . I also like how you have to solve puzzles and other things to go farther in the game , beat a monster , unlock a monster , unlock a charachter , or gain an item or weapon to make you stronger . The way the combat setting is is really neat too . This is simply a great rpg game .
 final fantasy 7 is the best game on the playstation . graphically not very good but the gameplay is immense and it is easy to work out . the game has its bad points like all gmes but the best bits are amazing and the gameplay on them bits are top notch the storyline is good but hard to follow so you will have to listen to everything personally i think this is the best final fantasy game ever , it is on my top ten list and i am a nintendo fan !
 In this game you play as an ex SOLDIER , cloud strife . He joins up with a small resistance group called AVALANCHE . AVALANCHE is fighting against Shinra inc. a large corporation that is sucking up all of the planets life force , known in the game as mako . mako gives the people of the planet power and electricity but it is killing the planet . The Shinra do n't care about the life of the planet , all they care about is money and power . It is up to cloud and his companions to save the planet . But along the way they meet a bigger threat . He is known as Sephiroth . He was once the best ever in SOLDIER . Once thought to be dead Sephiroth wants to hit the planet with a huge meteor and when the planet starts to repair itself he will be at the center of the planets wound to absorb all of the mako and find the promised land because he is the last remaining anceint besides one other ... . it is up to you to destroy sephiroth , the shinra , and meteor . Or it will be the end of the world just like in every other rpg . So if you love involving storylines and a game so inlvolving that you wont even want to go to bed , then this is the game for you .
 this is a great game . I know every one says something around those lines but i mean it . I got it for christmas one year from my cousine and played it all night an entire night . it got me hooked on rpgs . it may not be a good sarter for beginers . but it was my first rpg . so it depends . now to the game . if you have played final fantasy X the graphics may be a little lame . the plot is what one you will never forget . you are cloud you meet all sorts of allies . first you fight a corperation but then the plot gets twisted . the charecters are special . they get you attached to them as if you feel for them . this is n't a primitive game either the matiera makes it complex and interesting . it gives you magic but at a price . it hurts you to . there are lots of sidequest that keep you gonging for hours . warning if you get this game try not to become to emotionally attached . it just might suck you in . it can be romantic , tearjerking , exciting , dramatic but never ever dull . i recomend it highly . hope it can give you as many good time as it did me .
 The graphics are dated and the story 's mediocre . The game is still good . Let 's face it , people . There will never be a perfect RPG , but this one is good . You 've all heard the story , yet here 's what 's great about it . Really good side quests , beliveable charecters , and beatiful movies . What 's bad is the plot , the graphics , and the last boss . That 's it . Goodbye .
 Yet another chapter in the final fantasy experience . I have been playing Final Fantasy games since almost around when I was born . This game is a very good addition to the series . It has good graphics , a very involved story , and cool movies . Definetly a good buy .
 This is one of my favorite games . You , Cloud , have just joined a corporation called AVALANCHE is dead set on stopping another company called SOLDIERS from destroying the world . Cloud use to work for SOLDIERS but has teamed up with AVLANCHE . This is a great RPG game . You meet up with many characters and friends . This is a great game but it 's not for kids because there 's a lot of cursing .
 You should buy Final Fantasy VII , it has tight graphics , it also has three disks to the game . It is a hard game to beat , but it is really fun to play . You can find different creatures , called summons , that will help you win . I do n't reccomend this for young children , it has curse words in it .
 Ill admit i wasnt that interested in the final fantasy series befor i played this . I am a hardcore RPG gamer , and this is one awsume game . I rented it once and after play it for 5 days strait -LRB- literally -RRB- i wished that I owned it . The story line is immense , taking many twists and turns , but still understandable . The materia system was hard to figure out at first but then i got it . I really got connected to the game . Words cant describe how good this game is , you HAVE to play it.Music :10 / 10 - What an awsume soundtrack ! i never got bored of listnening to the simple midi music ; -RRB- Graphics :6 / 10 - Not the greatest graphics when it comes to the people but still nice graphicsStory Line :9 / 10 - Nearly flawless . The only thing about it is that its hard to figure out at the beginning.Overall -LRB- not an average -RRB- :10 / 10 - I had a whack load of fun playin this game.And thats all there is to say . In one word
 Well , where do I begin ? Final Fantasy 7 is a great game . Duh , you knew I 'd say that , I gave it the stars , what else could I say ? To tell you the truth , this game does have faults . But hey , what does n't ? Here 's the bad news first . The game has cheesy dialogue , a plot that while always changing , can be confusing to beginners . The graphics ai n't to good and the beginning can be somewhat ... slow . But hang on , there 's good to counter that bad . Cheesy dialogue , yes , but hey , we all want something cheesy that plays on emotion every once and a while . The plot is deep and will keep you going . The graphics are n't the worst and after a while , you doe n't even notice it . And the game picks up quickly . There are tons of twists and turns and stuff -LRB- all kinds of stuff -RRB- which will have you forever searching . I advise you get the players guide . But this is a beautiful moder/future/fantasy that reall hit home . Get it . I demand you do .
 Final Fantasy versions have been around as long as I can remember ! Seven one of the best versions regarding storyline and team involvement.When we searched for FF VII for our Playstation 2 , we came to Amazon 's sellers . The description and security of the sale were perfect , and the game is in great shape . There are no problems as we delve deeper into the world with Cloud , trying to save our friends and dealing with Sephiroth . It 's a futurist world and yet , elements mirror our own -LRB- poverty in Sector Seven , the exploitation of workers and the natural element materia.This game also has terrific music , originally scored by Nobuo Uematsu . The details regarding the music , battles , graphics and usability of the game are of high quality , even in today 's standards -LRB- development of the game began in 1994 -RRB- . It has lasting appeal.Finally , as a librarian I work to promote literacy . Final Fantasy VII is a game that must be read while played - the characters ' words are presented on the screen as typed `` word balloons . '' I 'm all for reading in whatever way it presents itself in the real world , even when game playing !
 According the the Guiness Book of Video Game Records , this game is in the top five best selling games for the Playstation 1 . That means that it is also the most common . So why why would this $ 10-15 game used jump to sky high prices ? I am guessing that the younger generation wants to see what all the hype was about and that the dvd based on this game did not hurt demand either ... Either way , the game is still awesome .
 I have been a huge fan of the Final Fantasy saga , since the Super Nintendo came out -LRB- would have been regular Nintendo , except I could n't get anyone to buy it for me lol -RRB- One thing I miss about Final Fantasy 7 is that you do n't really go through and get random magics while you leveled up -LRB- always made me more interested when my mage would level to see what was next -RRB- . Instead it has a Materia system , where at the end of each battle , you earned AP , which is required to get your materia higher level -LRB- ie the fire materia might have fire 1 , 2 , and 3 , so you have access to more spells.The flaw , it takes away most individualities from the FF saga . I can take my female or male characters and they hit close to the same . Everyone old-school RPGer knows the basics ... keep your mage and archers -LRB- any long-range attacker -RRB- at the back of the party because they get killed easier and regular attacks do little damage , and keep swordsmen , samurai , etc at the front because they are tougher and do much more damage.Most of the characters , no matter their past do the same basic damage , or close to it , and magics can be used by anyone , so if going to fight a bunch of monsters weak against fire -LRB- for example -RRB- , everyone can be equipped with Fire 3 ... though admittedly it is fun mixing and matching your materia for different effects , like using the `` all '' materia linked to a spell , so it hurts everyone or heals everyone with 1 use , otherwise any attack spell or healing spell can only be used on 1 character or monsterWith these said , it 's a good game , with good storyline and fairly good graphics and gameplay , and I would recommend this game to any RPG or FF fan , even though to master takes a bit of practice
 I actually used to dispise RPG games . Then I picked p the controller and started to play FFVII . Even for a game that was created over a decade ago , it is one of the most amazing games i have ever played . Havent beaten the game yet , but im really enjoying it .
 If you are a fan of RPGs , then you must play this game . The story is moving , the characters are very deep , the gameplay is very fun , and the graphics are very good -LRB- considering it was made in 1997 -RRB- .
 I bought this game when I was about 10 and I am 14 now and when I have nothing to do I play this game because it is just so good . I would never sell this game it is the best and there is nothing that can beat it . It 's story-line is just so good I wan na play it all day over and over till it breaks . Its almost a different game every time besides the story-line never changes because everytime you might be someone who has no money or if your one of those people who save there money , you will always have different weapons , summons , items , and material . Lets just leave it at THIS GAMES IS GREAT ITS BETTER THAN GREAT THAT THEY DONT HAVE A WORD FOR IT YET NO GAME CAN EVER REPLACE WHAT IS KNOWN TODAY FOR `` FINAL FANTASY VII '' !!!!!!!!!!
 In my opinion , the answer to that is amazing . This game has imaginative lands , cool characters and an awesome story.The games story goes like this
 To be honest , when I first played FF7 , I expected more then what I found . I enjoyed it , definently , but the plot threw me at a couple segments of the story . And since I apparently missed certain characters , I missed some of the explanation to the story . The ending also seemed to fall short of my expectations.Eventually , after reading praise for the game from many different places , I decided to give the game another run through . Wow , things actually seem to make a bit more sense that time .
 The greatest FF is hands down IV . This game offers cutscenes and a story that will keep your eyes glued to the screen until you beat it . The characters are very enjoyable as well . The bosses can get a little tough , but if your a hardcore gamer , this should n't bother you at all . I highly recommend this game even if you are not a fan of the series . This game does take a long time to beat , but thats another positive thing this game has to offer , as do most FF games .
 No matter how ugly this game is , I will never stop loving it.The characters are great , the story is awesome , I like the battle system and materia is easy to train and use.There 's a lot of places to visit , lots of bosses to defeat.It is really the characters that makes this game .
 I have been an avid final fantasy fan since I first purchased number 7 roughly about 10 years ago and have managed to acquire the entire set since . Having played all of them numerous times over the years , I have realised that no matter how hard square try , they just ca n't quite top this absolute classic of a masterpiece ! I am playing the game at the moment possibly for the 20th time and am still amazed how much I still havent descovered within the game . The game by far stretches past the realms of restricted game playing and enters a place of endless possibilties . When compared to the others , heres where I think it tops them . Despite the older style graphics , I think that the backdrops are more creative and arty than any of the graphics of the newer ones , with only the giant polygon characters letting that down , something thats easily gotten used to ! THe FMV sequences are way ahead of their time , boasting lush graphics and intergrating plenty of the more dramatic moments of the storyline at frequent intervals . Somehow just waiting to see the awesome sequences makes playing the game so much motivating and enjoyable , something the newer ones dont really have , mainly because the graphics of the actually game play is good enough to show most of the sequences . Even though 8 and 9 were a good follow up to 7 , they did n't quite have the fast paced intense storyline that 7 had . Its the small things too , like being able to just head over to the golden saucer amuzment park and play on the arcade machines , gamble on some chocobo racing , or go and test your skill at the most enjoyable battle arena of all the FF 's . Then go off and try and bread your own chocobo 's to race or get to the many other ungettable places that exist around the much missed world map . Words just cant describe how fantastic this game was and still is compared to games these days . The battle system is one of the best of all the games I think , allowing for greater innovation and strategy than in 10 and 10-2 for example , although not quite as fluid as 8 and 12 . There are also many more hidden summons throughout this game , some of which can only be obtained through lengthy side quests which then allows you to take on other non compusory foes such as under water weapon -LRB- which I havent quite defeated yet ! -RRB- . Obviously I 'm not saying the other final fantasy games arent almost as good or dont have as much involved , but I do think that for this game to be overlooked because of its age or graphics would be an absolute tragedy . I 'm glad that square have finally decided to continue the game through advent children and the dirge of ciberious . If you havent played this game before then I would suggest that you go out and buy it now because it will keep you occupied for a long long time ! Its also a good place to start with the final fantasy series .
 This game has consumed at least 99:59:59 hours of my life how many hours after that I dont know cause thats where the in game timer stops counting.I have recently started playing it again on PC after not playing for like 8 years and its just as good except the background graphics andcut-scenes are a bit more pixelated than the Playstation version none the less a solid game that has withstood the test of time and will continue to influence RPG titles far into the future . I just wish they would re-make it for the PS3 cause then I would have an excuse to buy one .
 Final Fantasy VII is a good game to play . It is difficult at some points in the game . I started 3 times just to overcome the beginning of the game and to progress to the continuation of the story . The story line is good . I especially like the stealing of items from monsters , to see what all you can get , sometimes a weapon or just healing items . Sofar I , m just at the stage where I left the city , and roaming the world map . I 'm trying to get more familiar with it . It will take me a long time to finish this game , since it has 3 discs , maybe I 'll never finish it .
 Probably one of the best games for RPG players . However , too expensive currently -LRB- as of August 2006 -RRB- . I bought the PC version and the Playstation version years back and still have them . The PC version does look better especially during fight scenes . Unfortunately , for use on Windows XP you have to get a software patch for later in the game -LRB- chocobo race -RRB- . Great great game . I would say ` shame on you ' to the sellers that are charging so much for the games but I understand their reasons.Find it cheap , buy it , play it , enjoy it !
 Final Fantasy VII has been and always will be my favorite video game . I 've had my share of systems , and own many , many games , but FFVII will always be the best in my heart ! I know a lot of people say the game is over-rated , but I do n't beleive that is true . I ca n't praise the game enough ! You really just fall in love with the characters and get absorbed into the plot line . I could go on forever , but I wo n't . The game is truley a classic for a good reason . It goes to show , it 's not the special effects and modern technology that really makes a game great - it 's the story .
 This game was completely out of control . It was a nonstop game filled with drama and suspense . It is the best game of the Final Fantasy series . Cloud and Sephiroth were a great pair of enemies from the beginning the the end . Even though I am only 12 I suggest that buying this would be the best possible way to get hooked onto the Final Fantasy games . The only problem was the graphics compared to the newer games . The graphics are ahead of it 's time for the past , but if it was updated to the newer graphic age it would be the absolute best of it 's kind .
 Quite poosibly the best role-playing game -LRB- RPG -RRB- of all time , Final Fantasy VII is a classic that has become the standard for all 3D RPGs that followed . The wonderful graphics -LRB- still great after all these years , considering the time it was released -RRB- , incredible soundtrack , and deep storyline all make for a great game . If you are new to the role playing world , or would like to play a superb and engaging game , pick up a copy of this game and enjoy .
 Simply the BEST rpg EVER made , final fantasy 7 is the frist 3D final fantasy for playstation and it is the best RPG with the best grafics , best songs , and best plots , no RPG compares to him .
 This is the best RPG ever . Sure , the graphics are n't up to today 's standards and that may turn some people off . -LRB- My brother , for instance , likes to make fun of the fact that they have square hands . -RRB- But it really has a wonderful storyline and I fell in love with the characters right away.I guess one other thing some people will not like is the random battle scenes . Admittedly , this can grow tiring , but the rest of the game is so good that I still give this game 5 stars!It is definitely a classic .
 Now , I normally play all manner of RPG 's , but I had moved awayfrom video games and into D&D and such for quite some time , frankly because I like a depth that a video game simply can not provide . This game almost can . It is not * quite * a substuitute for actual RPG 's , but as video games go , it is far and away the best . I love playing games like Lunar , Xenogears , etc. , and even enjoyed FF VIII , but it was this game which made me finally knuckle down and buy a play station . I rent most of my games , but I bought this the day I bought my PSX . It has an interesting plot , interesting characters , a great villian -LRB- even better than Kefka -RRB- fun battle sequences , a workable magic system -LRB- much better than FF VIII 's -RRB- and elements from enough genres to interest almost anyone . While I personally prefer a more traditional fantasy setting , I quickly got past that and just enjoyed the game . The limit breaks are all very cool , obviously derived from anime where the hero gets his butt kicked for a minute or two before unleashing his ` true ' power , but fun all the same . I felt like I was playing a very good movie/anime , much like i felt about Lunar . A marvellous game , loads of fun , and playable again and again . If you do n't own this , it 's cheap
 This game is , without a doubt , One of the best ever made . The Graphics , Characters , Storyline , the whole nine yards are absolutely EXCELLENT ! I really enjoyed the love triangle between Cloud , Aeris , and Tifa . If you buy this game , which I HIGHLY reccomend , Go through this game many times . Noyone will ever forget this game . Final Fantasy 7 will ALWAYS be number 1 on my list ...
 This has to be one -LRB- if not the -RRB- of the best games ever created . . Final Fantasy has a great plot , great characters , and the best villian seen in any game to date . You will be rooting for the bad guy in the end ... BUY THIS GAME !
 Id have to say that this is one of the greatst RPGs ever!The storyline is great , the materia system is awesome and all the characters have a certain something thats makes you like them.FF8 is a good game graphic-wise , but it could never top FF7 's battle system , music , and storyline.Overall FF7 is a must have for RPG fans !
 This has to be one of the best rpgs i have ever played . I like it alot better than FF8.It has great 3-D graphics and an exellent musical score.This is a must buy even if you are not an rpg fan .
 This is without a doubt my favorite game ever , -LRB- Blood Omenbeing second place -RRB- . If you 're looking for an RPG , this is the one toget . The game 's timer reached its limit at 99:59 when I played . There is an unbeleivable amount of things to do . The graphics in some of the backgrounds are amazing . I can not think of one problem with this game . This is definitely the first choice for a RPG game . Next would be Legend of Legaia , then Final Fantasy Anthologies , and then Final Fantasy 8 -LRB- which is n't nearly as good as 7 , but still decent -RRB- . In 7 , I became very close -LRB- I know it sounds weird -RRB- to all the characters . I did n't care about anybody in 8 , they all seemed like jerks . Anyway , you got ta get it . It 's also cheap nowadays . I spent a lot of money on it 2 years ago !
 ok to start off i really loved this game . its one of the best rpgs i have ever played . it is better than ff8 in story and depth . and the materia concept is brilliant . instead of getting each character have the same abilities all the time . its a great addition to a great game . the story is wonderful and the mini games are very in depth with secret areas and alternate paths -LRB- such as time trial in the snowboarding course -RRB- . there are many characters -LRB- 7 in total -RRB- and all have their own personality . the musical score is worthy of being put on a c.d. all in all this is a great game .
 This is without a doubt the best videogame of all time . The graphics rock , the music is phenomonal , and the gameplay is amazing . When I think of what an RPG should be consisted of the answer is Final Fantasy VII . If you are new to RPG 's and were thinking of Final Fantasy VIII I would definitely recommend VII . There is just so much you can do in this game besides just following the story line . The story line itself had me emotional it gets so intense .
 FF7 is one of the greatest games I 've ever had the honour of playing . The engrossing storyline and amazing gameplay draw you in like an old movie making this one of the most atmospheric and addictive games ever .
 Final Fantasy 7 is probably one of the best games ever made . The 2-D backgrounds and movies are of very high quality , the storyline is totally oroginal and it 's fun to play . The materia system is easy to use and the battle system is also quite good . The thing I like most in this game is the way you look into Tifa and Clouds past and there are also a lot of surprises and plot twists . I also believe that this is better than Final Fantasy 8 because of the battle system and the magic system . But I also like FF8 a lot too . Most of my freinds who did n't like games with lots of talk were totally turned around when the played or got the game . If you do n't have it , BUY IT it 's for both the PS and the PC .
 yeah right . this game sucks -LRB- ... -RRB- i actully havent played this game . if everyone says this game sucks what do u think `` DO N'T BUY IT '' . come on peoples play ffvIII that game is da best . ffvx is cheesy but kinda fun
 This game is the single greatest game ever made . My only problem is if you import the Japanese version you have more options , like bringing Aeris back to life . Great battles . And the Materia is great . Love the Gold Chocobos . If you need help just Email me ! No final fantasy game even compares to this !
 GOOD LORD THERE IS A WAY TO GET AERIS BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HAD LEVELED HER UP TO MY HIGHEST HEALER WHEN SHE DIED I WAS TICKED -LRB- ANS A LITTLE SAD -RRB- BUT WHILE WALKING AROUND THE WORLD MAP A RANDOM UNBEIEVABLY POWERFUL BOSS SLASH MONSTER POPED OUT AND HAD A JAR WITH A LIGHT IN IT SAID IT WAS AERISES SOUL OR SOMTHING I WASENT EXPECTING SUCH A DEMON OF A BOSS WE EXCHANGED BLOWS 4 15 MINUTES BUT RED AND BARRET WENT DOWN -LRB- I HAD NO ETHER OR HI POTIONS LEFT AT THE END -RRB- BUT BEFORE HE GOT TOOKEN OUT I USED SENSE WITH RED I YHAD HIM DOWN TO 5000 BUT THEN CLOUD WAS WIPED OUT NOOOOOOOO !!!! IF ANYONE HAS HAD THIS HAPPEN TO THEM OR WANTS TO KNOW WERE I RAN INTO THE BOSS WRITE SOMTHING ON HERE IF ONLY I HAD KNOWN THE FIGHT WAS COMING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 For all gamers out there , this is an excellent game to get ! It is a role playing game takes you around Cloud 's -LRB- you -RRB- world and you battle monsters and evil things . You meet many people and form a team of comrades to battle to the end . The graphics are quite exceptional and the magic is easier to handle than in Final Fantasy VIII . It kept me entertained for quite a while ! I have actually played it three times through because there is always new things to discover and do . But your gaming life in not complete without this awesome game . -- Jordan
 Like many -LRB- every -RRB- reviews on this game , it is simply phenominal . This game was THE REASON I rushed out to get a PSX . The Graphics , the story line , everything about it . It has excellent replay value -LRB- duh -RRB- and you always learn something new every time you play . The only role-playing game that manages to top this bad boy is Final Fantasy 4 -LRB- Finaly Fantasy 2 in the US -RRB- , and this is only because the story line is superior -LRB- which is VERY VERY hard to believe -RRB- . But still being the Second Greatest Role Playing game in the Greatest Role Playing Game Family ca n't be all that bad , can it ?
 THIS IS ONE OF THE GREATEST PLAYSTATION GAMES I HAVE EVERY PLAYED . I HAD GOTTEN FFlll BEFORE AND I THOUGHT THAT NOTHING COULD TOP THAT GAME . IF YOU PLAYED FFlll FIRST THEN WHEN YOU FIRST GET THIS GAME YOU 'LL PROBABLY BE A LITTLE LIT DOWN . bUT IF YOU CONTINUE PLAYING YOU WANT TO SAY UP ALL NIGHT PLAYING THIS GAME .
 FF7 ... if you 've ever played this game , the words send shivers of delight down your spine . Squaresoft really outdid themselves with this one . The world 's in trouble thanks to a large corporation -LRB- Shinra -RRB- who is , basically , sucking the planet dry of its natural resources . Bummer . That 's where Cloud , Barrett , and Tifa -LRB- oh , yeah , there 's this girl named Aeris ... hint
 This is the best game ever . It 's more than a game , it 's more a way of life . It draws you in and you feel part of the whole gaming experience , something that Final Fantasy VIII fails to do . The storyline is immense , the characters are varied , there is a piloe , a dog type lion beast , a cat on a mog and an Ancient , unlike the sequel where everyone is a human . Materia collecting is fun , the fights are testing , the towns and destinations are varied , the world map is huge -LRB- until you get the Highwind -RRB- and the sub games are superb.The only fault with the graphics are the on screen characters which are too cartoony . Apart from that though , the graphics are brilliant , the music is one of the best soundtracks ever and the gameplay and lifespan are both excellent . Defenitly worth the money . Buy it now .
 THIS GAME IS WHY I BOUGHT THE PLAYSTAYTION . IT IS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE . SQUARSOFT HAS MADE A MASTERPICE ! THE STORY IS AMAZING WITH DEEP FEELING S , IT HAS DRAMA AND EVERYTHING . ALL YOU NEED IN A GAME . THE CHARECTERS ARE COOL , DEEP AND WELL CREATED . I LOVE THIS GAME AND YOU WILL TO GARINTEED ! EVERYTHING ABOUT IT IS AMAZING . THE GRAPHICS COULD BE BETTER BUT THE REST MAKES UP FOR THAT .
 Easily the greatest rpg ever created ... Final Fantasy IIV has given me over - + = 450 = + - hours of completely divine game time since I got it -LRB- that 's 150 + hours to completely beat the game , x3 times through -RRB- . This game has it all
 If you have not heard of final fantasy vii than you must have been living under a rock for the past 5 years . it 's the best reason eanyone has ever had to play playstation all day but be careful once you dive in to the highly engrosin world you may not re-surface for a long time . when i got it i couddnt stop playing it for a year
 This ... is the coolest game you can ever and I mean ever , play . The graphics
 Ilove this game , its its just breathtaking . It has a great story , but the graphics could have had a bit of work . If you love a good RPG get this game . I said get this game !!!!
 The Greatest Game Ever Created!Join Cloud Strife as he befriends a group of people called AVALANCHE , a liberation group working against the powerfull Shinra Corperation destructive plans of sucking up the lifeforce of the planet.Every character has it ` s unique history , personality and beliefs , created by Squaresoft this is a game that really makes everything so real . A game of love , hate and honour.The Greatest RPG EVER ! This is my favorite game on earth.Play it becouse you wont be dissepointed .
 WOW ! this is truly the BEST GAME EVER . if you 're going to buy any game this year , buy this one . full of charecters and storyline . just go to the store right now and buy this game !
 THis game is absoloutly one of the best ff games ever.If you dont have this game and you like final fantasy , buy it !!!! But be warned , this game can be tough -LRB- really confusing -RRB- but great fun.Im not too far , well sort of.I need help !!!!!! I highly seggest you buy this great game , you could get this game at really low price -LRB- about fifteen dollars -RRB- note : really good price because it has 3 discs.All in all its a good game.Buy this game and have fun !!!!
 Most games wish they were this good , when game developers sit down to create new RPG 's they should all strive to be half as good .
 The story and plot are interesting enough to keep a gamer entertained . Gameplay is entertaining , but also challenging.I can not give the game five stars though . I had already played the likes of FFX and Xenosaga prior to playing this game . Their superior visuals and certainly the inclusion of voice-acting made the experience more enjoyable than FF7 . In other words , I would have enjoyed FF7 if I had experienced the game prior to playing more recent RPGs .
 Final Fantasy is a story about legendary events in a world , but Final Fantasy in and of itself has become a legend in the gaming world , and number 1 in the world of RPGs . Graphics are a little old school compaired to modern systems , but they are not bad . Any RPG fan should own every Final Fantasy made , but if you choose only to own one , this is it . It will provide hours of gameplay , and every minute of it will be pure pleasure . This is commonly called the best Final Fantasy game for a reason . A person can not have a complete RPG collection without it .
 I have played many role-playing games , but none even come close to the quality withen this game . The unique and twisting story will suck you in immediately , with it 's plot and deep moral , and the music was another one of Nobuo Uematsu 's masterpieces . After meeting each character you will feel as if they are right next to you . Also , do not think that the in-game graphics are all you see of the characters , because you 'll love the battle sequences and the fmvs -LRB- Full Motion Video -RRB- . I hope that this review was helpful to you.Thanks for reading !
 This is where it all began , the push to produce the best game ever . It 's an awesome game . Out of all the Final Fantasy numbers , 7 still stands out .
 Ok , first do n't listen to the guy below . He probably does n't understand that this game was released for the PSX in 1997 . Since it is a PSX game you cant compare it to the graphics of a PS2 game . However , from a perspective of 1997 , the graphics are incredible , especially the backrounds and cinematics -LRB- which were actually enjoyable -RRB- . The characters could have been better though . The music is great , and I 'm talking about the parts with real music . The control layout is a little confusing at the beginning , but you can always customize it in the menu . The gameplay is awesome . It 's better than many PS2 games i 've played . The only kicker is
 Final Fantasy VII was the first RPG I ever got . It is also the BEST RPG I ever got . There is NO other RPG that can compare to this games outstanding plot and story . Sure , it may not have the best graphics in the world , but who really cares ! It 's not the graphis that make the game , it 's the story that makes the game ! If you are looking for a good story , this is the game . It will surprise you and make you laugh and cry . I love charecters , I love the story , I just love everything about this game . If you have n't played FF7 , you really are missing something in life.I would have given it a million stars if I could .
 Fast , good product , and an awesome seller . I will definitely be using them in the future . thanks . P.S. FF7 is the greatest game ever made , it 's been years since i played it last and it is still as emotional and great as it was back in the day
 I absolutely love this game . By far one of the best RPG games out there . The game works well . It arrived in a timely manner , and I enjoy playing it .
 This was the first RPG I ever played , and I played it kind of by accident . I had may have seen a commercial or two for it , its hard to remember , but I certainly had no intention of playing it . But one night , I went to rent a few games , it was rent 2 get 1 free , but I didnt realize this . I got to the counter to pay adn the guy told me about the deal , but there wasnt anything that looked decent to me . So the guy recomended FF7 , I figured why not its free . After I got bored of the other two games and put it in , my life changed forever . I was amazed at how bad I wanted to keep playing , never before had a game sucked me in so quickly and so powerfully . When I saw my first summon , Ifrit , holy crap was I blown away . Needless to say , i bought it soon after and played it all the way through to include the optional bosses , Emerald and Ruby Weapon . If you havnt beaten them , you havnt beaten the game by the way . Sephiroth is a joke compared to those guys . I have played through it again probably another 3-4 times since because it really is that good . I wasnt expecting anything when I played it as I didnt even know what it was really , so hype has nothing to do with it being simply fantastic.For its time , the graphics were the best i had ever seen . I cared about all the characters and was very much into the deep and interesting story . The battle system is still one of the best in my opinion . I loved all the weapons , the sword designs were just awesome , I drew all of them at school all the time . And the materia customization was wonderful and made you think and plan . Apparently I was one of the only ones to think of using a limit break and mime it over and over again , at least from what ive gathered talking to other people about it , im sure others have done this . Everyone I talked to was all about `` Knights of the Round '' Summon , Pfffftt . Never got it , to much time for a 3 min summon . Why bother with a 3 min summon that does roughly 100,000 damage when I can do OmniSlash that takes 15 secs and does 150,000 damage , and can be repeated for free.I still hope they do a remake of this game with updated graphics , that would make me very happy . Also , if you liked the story of FF7 , you should play Crisis Core as its the story right before FF7 and explains ALOT about what happens in 7 .
 Im gon na try to keep this short , but its gon na be hard . Here goes ... This game was my life for about 3 years . It is by far the most complex mix of AMAZING story line , loveable/hateable characters , mood commanding soundtrack , and ease of gameplay I have played to this date . I find myself comparing any RPG I play to this game . 14 YEARS LATER I CANT FIND ONE THAT COMPARES ! The Villian ... . Sephiroth , the most badass villian I have ever seen in a game , movie , book ... EVER.The Hero ... Cloud , confused and tormented by his past ... Yet stronger then he ever thought possible . And his final limit break ... OMNISLASH ! PFFF ... what I would give to be able to bust one of those on my supervisor ... The Weapons ... by this I mean 2 things , the characters incredible number and variety of weapons AAAAND those BIG ASS MONSTERS called the weapons . Its all so sick it makes my face melt a lil bit . ** cups hands under chin to catch dripping face ** Materia ... Perfect.Chocobos / Minigames ... Fun as hell and incredibly time consuming.Its just ... amazing . Do yourself a favor and play it . What other 14 year old video games do you know that are worth over $ 200 ... ITS FOR A REASON .
 This game is by far the best FF game out there seriously these nut jobs think that ff8 sold more copies i do not think so within the first 3 days of FF7 release in japan it sold 2.3 million copies 2.3 million copies the games debut in the states it sold 330,000 copies and reached 500,000 within 3 weeks so here is the cold hard facts since up to DEC 2005 FF7 has sold 9.8 million copies world wide FF8 8.15 million copies so yes FF7 has sold more people have to realize that FF7 opened the doors to the American gamers on the greatest RPG franchise ever but in the end FF7 is wayyyy better than FF8 most of them haters are prolly kids who were not even born or were still crapping there paints when the game first came out talking about graphics there is soooo much more to a VG than graphics lol !!! THE REST RPG EVEARRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Got this game quickly in the mail and was as it was described ! Fun to play , lots of characters and villians . A good plot . Overall a great buy !
 This is my second time playing Final Fantasy VII , and I forgot how perfect it was . Everything about this story had such a nostalgic feeling to it . I am really glad I got to replay this game , and I hope all gamers give this game a chance.Pros1 . The story and the soundtrack are awesome . I really enjoyed the soundtrack this time more then last time because I guess I am older and I feel what the music is expressing with the characters , and the mood of the situation as well .2 . The boss fights are fair in this game , but I forgot how hard chocobo breeding is lol . I also forgot how hard the ruby and emerald weapon were in this game .3 . I actually like Aeris the most in this game . I loved her goofy and flirty personality in this game . She became my favorite character in this game , and then I would say Nanki was my second favorite lol.Cons1 . The graphics are dated , but a good story comes before great graphics . Final Fantasy XIII is prime example of great graphics and a terrible story . A great story is more important.Overall this is great game to pick up again just to see your favorite FF characters :-RRB- . Anybody new to the series I recommend playing this one first or FF 12 . Game On .
 Well I 've never beaten this game . Actually I 've never beaten any Final Fantasy game . For all games , you are forced to level up by repeatedly going up against foes . Anyway i liked this game , especially the part where you have to dress cloud up like a girl . Favorite part of the game . I did get to the end to fight Sephiroth , but I could never beat him . Anyway this was actually the second Final Fantasy game I played . I got Final Fantasy 8 and got close to beating it , but did n't . Yes a character does die , and that sucks because I thought maybe Cloud would end up with her , but oh well .
 My granddaughter was giddy to get her ps2 Final Fantasy VII -LRB- green -RRB- for Christmas ! She played it most of Christmas break , no problems except that I did n't think to include a memory card .
 I 'm surprised there are quiet a few people who did n't like this game , but there are a lot who did . I 'm one of the one 's who did . Final Fantasy 7 is hands down my top 3 most memorable RPG 's ever . It 's just one of those games you ca n't forget . Characters , Storyline , and Music are classic . There 's just no way I can convince anyone how awesome this game is in a review . Final Fantasy 7 is just one of those games you have to experience first hand , so to be brief give it a try . Love it or Hate it Final Fantasy 7 could end up being the best RPG you 've ever played or just another game on the shelf .
 I have played all the final fantasy games ever made for the PS , PS2 , and PS3 , and this one is the best overall experience I have had so far .
 Think back to the mid-90 's when this game was released , and the platform it was released on . For the time , it was the best , hands down . And the character that dies at the end of the first disc ... this is n't one of those `` all 's well that ends well '' type things . Everyone lives happily ever after ? Give me a break.Comparing the graphics of 7 to 12 , or even 9 is just ridiculous . Times are different , and technology is was more advanced . A lot of the reviews on here , all of the bad ones , were posted 5 + years after the game was released , after multiple other installments had been revealed.However , not everything about the game was stellar . The plot was kind of hard to grasp at first and the ending was greatly disappointing , but you ca n't let that speak for the game as a whole.I 've played all the FF from 7 onwards , including 13 , and I still think this is the best one , overall , out of any of them . If you like it , then play it , If you do n't , then do n't . But do n't come on a site like Amazon and post a negative review of the game some 6 years after the game was released when more intelligent people are working on the project and technology is more advanced , and call it justified.And this is coming from someone who DOES NOT play FF7 over and over again . I 've played it ONCE , and beat it ONCE . And it 's still the best FF out of any that were released after 6 -LRB- considering I never played 1-6 , and I ca n't pass judgement on any of them -RRB- . It 's good in it 's own right , and people need to realize that .
 i have bin trying to find this game for a long time i wanted to beat it but when it first came out i was to young to beat it and i found it for a good price and it was in tip top shape
 Final Fantasy 7 was the first Final Fantasy I played . It is grand in scale , has great characters , and a decent story for a video-game . The materia system in it has no rivals , in my opinion . I do n't believe that the graphics being dated is as much an issue as people make it out to be . There are many games that have been regarded as some of the best , and their graphics show their age . I do n't think that I have ever logged more hours with any other game . I highly recommend this to people that are interested in RPGS , or are already fans and just have n't played this game yet . The random battles can get tedious eventually , but RPG fans know this very well . Its not the greatest game ever made , but I will say that I personally think that it is one of the best RPGS ever made . Have fun !
 Final Fantasy 7 , although over ten years old , is still listed by many people as the best game ever . The biggest reason is the story line of the game , and the development of the characters . This is one of those games where you start fretting that you 're near the end , and a whole new level to the game opens up instead.The only bummer for the game is the ten-year-old graphics . The graphics at that time were drastically increasing , and ff7 is frozen where it is . The characters have block hands like legos and the hi-res movies are below gameplay quality in games today . But do n't let that get to you.Although the game is old , this is one of the greatest game made , it opened up a lot of advancement in how character development is handled in games . It 's also one of the few games that so many sequels , prequels , and even movies have been from . I highly recommend them all , but first start with the game that began the whole movement .
 For its time Final Fantasy VII had decent graphics . Compared to the graphics of nowadays they 're not so good , but its outdated graphics are no reason to be deterred from buying a game with a very deep , complex storyline ; and a very detailed style of gameplay.Easy to learn but difficult to master kind of gameplay . Turn-based battles like other Final Fantasies . Your characters have different abilities based on how you equip them rather than being specialized in one area of combat . -LRB- i.e. if a character joins you using a fire spell , you can actually give the fire spell to anyone , and then give it back to that character later or never give it back to that character . Spells are completely interchangeable . -RRB- Great game for players who are n't obsessed with the graphic presentation of a game .
 It 's 2010 and after all these years Final Fantasy VII is still the greatest video game ever made . It is flawless and offers features that outdo not only every other video game , but every other form of entertainment . + The Story - The first and most important thing to mention of the game . The plot of Final Fantasy VII alone is worth the billions of dollars the game has made . Offering a span of roughly 30 hours , this epic tale is to this day the greatest story I have ever experienced , and that includes every book I have read -LRB- and I am a reader -RRB- and every movie I have ever seen . I bit shocking that I say that about a video game , but it is the honest truth and thousands of others would agree with me . to give you a taste of what I mean , I 'll give a few examples of what the plot has to offer ; Deep and insightful playable characters , each with their own back story which is seamlessly involved with the overall story . The forefront of which being a mysterious and engaging leading character , Cloud , whose back story is as twisted and unpredictable as any one ever experienced , causing the overall plot to take extreme twists altering the players entire view of the character.An immensely creative city world , called Midgar which offers home of the first 7-10 hours of the game . A neo-industrial town govern by a grotesquely greedy politician who has designed an entire wealthy city held by pillars above another horribly ravished city , known as the slums . Midgar , which is one of the first things the player sees is one of the most creative and sad sights in the entire game.An entirely new look on world creationism , offering a world in which all living things have spirits , and those spirits support and flow within an inner-world power structure known as the Life Stream . This has much to do with the plot of the game . + The Score . Final Fantasy VII without a doubt offers the most memorable and stunning scores ever created for a video game . Composer Nobuo Uemetso is an extremely well established composer in Japan , and the score to this particular game was and still is his greatest achievements . The score is better than any films . + The Game Play . Although the plot and score are enough to make one feel they are playing through a movie , the game does not feel like the player is reading through a video game . The game play is highly entertaining and offers a flow of exploring , customizing characters with the Materia system , and fighting . Like most RPG 's , the fighting system is turn based , but is NOT boring . It is fast passed , and perfectly executed with ones choice of customizable magic , weapons , and special attacks known as Limit Breaks . The fighting is ridiculously fun . + The Graphics . It 's old . Still , although the graphics are dated , they are the best the Playstation ever saw . The characters may look blocky and silly at times , but seeing as the dialogue and music are so dramatic -LRB- And never cheesy/corny -RRB- the player will feel for these characters as much as possible . The backgrounds and playing areas are glossy and polished and truly unforgettable , and the fighting animation is pretty great.This game is flawless , through and through . I have played through it 6 times and have accomplished every side quest -LRB- which it is full of -RRB- Please purchase this game if you never have .
 This review is more about sellers than the game itself . I was just looking through and found people selling versions of FFVII without the original case , artwork or manual for upwards of $ 50 . If you 're going to spend this much money for it , do n't bother buying from cheap sellers trying to rip you off . It 's only collectible if it is in a ready for retail condition , i.e. - not `` discs only '' . Do n't waste your money . Get the package deal and who knows , in five years or so it could be worth double !
 This game is ahead of its time , always something to learn , always adventure to enjoy . I highly endorse this game . It is one of a kind , a classic .
 Let me get this out of the way
 This game is the best game ever made . The graphics are n't that bad , the storyline is great , the gameplay is great , and it offers hours of fun.The game is massive and somewhat detailed . I would definitely recommend it to anybody . However , $ 80 is a bit too expensive , in my opinion .
 ... the artwork is bad ... there ... I 've said it ... This was the first FF to ever become 3D and for that it should be revolutionary alone but the best part is the storyline . The characters grow on you and there is a twist at the end -LRB- if I told you it would n't be a surprise -RRB- and all characters are individual even though some characters are barely used -LRB- does anyone put Cait Sith in their party ? -RRB- . The gameplay uses the ATB system and learning comes from the materia system which allows you to customise what characters can learn . And not to mention the puzzles from sneaking into the Dons mansion , to finding a way to defeat the Emerald weapon.This game will keep you entertained for years . BUY IT !!!
 Final Fantasy 7 is the best game I have ever played ! The story is incredible , the graphic are a liitle poor , but other than that I love this game
 This game was my the first RPG played . Got to say , it made me a complete RPG and Final Fantasy fan.It is the best Final Fantasy game so far ! The graphics are great , giving the fact that it was made for the original Playstation . The gameplay , especially the use of materia and summons , are inovative and entretaining . But the best thing about this game is the story . A story capable of transporting you to this amazing world and making you care about the characters in it . It 's a must buy for any RPG fan , or any gamer as a matter of fact .
 I absolutely love this game , and have played it at least 3 times since the 90 's . I first played the PC version -LRB- since I did n't get a playstation until later -RRB- , but now use the Playstation version . It gives a great story line , but also enjoyable game play . It can easily be enjoyed by both kids and adults , and is a great game to get into the RPG scene .
 I do n't know where to begin . The pleasures one can derive from playing this game run deep -- deeper than any other game . It 's almost too fun . It took an old game type and attached excellent graphics -LRB- for its time -RRB- , a story line that ca n't be beat and is a leading reason as to why this game is superior to all others , a musical score that is top-notch , and in-game concepts like materia that make the playability really shine bright . You will never play a better game , in my opinion . It 's a must play for gamers from all walks of life , and naturally has excellent replay value too -LRB- I think I 've played it through at least 10 times -RRB- . Get it , own it , love it .
 I was in high school when this game came out . I saw the commercials . I was little confused about the title -LRB- what happened to Final Fantasies 4 through 6 ??? -RRB- , but the game looked cool . I wanted it.I did not have a psx , though . However , my best friend did . A week after he bought it , he invited me over , and he showed me the game . I was hooked by the time Cloud and Barrett rushed off the train.I had to have the game . It was like no other Final Fantasy . The characters and the environments were so vivid ... so REAL.I left my friend 's house with a burning desire to own this game and the knowledge of what had happened to Final Fantasies 4 through 6 -LRB- or Final Fantasies 2 , 3 , and 5 -RRB- . After a few months of saving I had enough money , and I bought the Playstation , a memory card , and Final Fantasy 7 . All in all , the game kept me riveted until the very end . The presentation was incredible . The story was intriguing . The game , for me , was an absolutely breath-taking experience.Really , the only turn-offs for me were a handful of instances where the translation was confusing and some weird instances of homosexual innuendo -LRB- honestly , that was more comical than detracting -RRB- . By today 's standards , the graphics are dated , but I still play through this game from time to time , and I thoroughly enjoy it every time .
 This is a truly great game , some people feel that it 's the best of the series , I wouldnt go that far , but I 'm still quite pleased . The only problem is that there is no objectives list , and no map markers for objectives , so you really have to pay attention to whats being said by the characters in the story or you 'll have no idea where to go . And of course , if you stop playing for a month or whatever you might need a walkthrough to get back on track lol .
 A great game , and a `` must have '' for all RPG fans !
 OK , i know this game is supposedly the best game ever . It even says so on the back of the disc case as `` quite possibly the greatest game ever made '' -LRB- GameFan -RRB- . I can agree that this is indeed a superb game with a great storyline , it 's just that some things in the game drag it down , which is why i gave it four stars . Let 's start with the Pros.Pros
 I remember back in the old Playstation days where Final Fantasy 7 was all that you wanted play , which is not surprising since this very unique game has a very touching plot , graphics that are so very sharp , characters that you remember -- even 7 years back from the game ; it 's just a solid RPG game that should never be turned down -- anybody will love this game . Continue on to hear details that I remember from FF7.The music was amazing . The music from many battles , where Cloud , the main character , faces enemies that are `` in his way '' , let 's put it , is very powerful and makes your heart race . Orchestrated , how would you say , music composed from a symphonic orchestra , just pure classical music -- THROUGHOUT the entire game ! It 's great ! One of the many strong points in this game.Cloud , the main character , starts off in a large , urbanized city , which you will see once you start the game , once you get off the train with that big muscular guy your with . This huge city you 're in is defiantly humungous , it really is ; skyscrapers , apartments , high rise buildings and smokestacks , it 's impressive I 'm telling you , and , you guessed , you 're going to have to explore the whole city in this adventure ! There will be instances where Cloud meets friends in different places as you progress through the game -- apartments , hospitals , high-rise towers.The story is very real with characters that respond like in real life . For example , I was playing a quarter of the way through the game , where we -LRB- Cloud , other dude , a couple other of Cloud 's friends -RRB- had to walk up many flights of stairs to the top of this monstrously tall building -- Cloud 's friend gets tired of going up the whole stairway , `` how much longer do we have to go '' . That was when Cloud had to face another chaotic enemy , this time on the exterior elevator -- hey it 's challenging , but at least you get a good view of the city from a 1,000 feet up ! ... Another instance is where , in this large scientific industry , Cloud falls off a bridge -LRB- not a bridge , just an overpass to walk on -RRB- , 500 feet up in the air , with his girlfriend shouting for help -- a very great movie sequence that I recall vividly.Obviously , I remember FF7 very well , because this game is like a movie that you , as Cloud , progress through , with obstacles , battles , conflict , even love scenes with Cloud and his girlfriend -LRB- do n't worry -- that 's nothing compared to today 's standards -RRB- . I tell you , without the enthralling and emotional , orchestrated music , this game would not be so great . But the FF7 has it ... music that is very suitable for the battleground , hideous situations , emotional moments , and many more instances.Overall , this game is spectacular and it will leave an impression on you . This game is that good , and I 'm telling you , you definitely need to get this game !
 `` There must be something incredible about this game , '' you 're probably saying to yourself after looking at one 5 star review to another 5 star review . I 'm telling you , if you want to `` experience '' a game , Final Fantasy VII is as close as they come.So , what on Earth distinguishes this game from any other ? Easy answer ... everything , but in particular the story . I 'm not going to go into lengthy detail but from the moment you begin playing the game , it draws you in and for the next couple of weeks -LRB- maybe longer -RRB- you will be glued . It 's a very captivating story that makes you feel for the characters , people , and environment in the game.The music , movie scenes , battle screen play , they all contribute enormously into making this game complete -LRB- there are also mini games included , which are additional bonuses -RRB- . You will see that everything provided to you in this game was carefully planned out and very time consuming . The originality of the game set standards as to what an RPG should be , which is why many feel this game is a breakthrough.Honestly , I am the type of person who likes to play videogames and I have played many in the past . After a while it becomes easy to separate games that are thought-provoking and attractive from those that are a complete miss . This game is on the top of my list for RPG games for the reason that all RPGs that are being currently made view FFVII as a Citizen Kane for videogames . Though it would be hard to declare this game the best game ever made , frankly because there are many genres of video games , it deserves a place among the elite game titles made . I hope my review inspired you to take a stab at this game ; but believe me and the many people who have previously written the review to this game , when you look back at the many hours spent playing , meeting all the characters , visiting all the places , struggling through all the emotions , you will discover why gamers like us ... are Final Fantasy Fanatics . ENJOY !
 ... I know this statement is rather bold , but I do seriously believe it is the best video game ever made . For people who normally look down at video games in general -LRB- and at times I am one of them -RRB- Final Fantasy almost single-handedly proves that video games are not just a waste of time.I recently read an article in Newsweek about the growing quality in video game graphics , but how video games will never be able to become an artform like movies are . For the most part , this is very true , however Final Fantasy is a game that strikes up emotions and boasts a much more in-depth story and character analysis than most movies out there . I am sure that more teenage boys felt the extreme urge to shed tears when Aires died , then at such crap movies as Titanic . So do what you wish with this review , hopefully you will understand it more that I can . ifyouwishtocontactme - OKairbag97@aol.com
 Ok . This game kicks . There 's no doubt about it . The graphics may be a little outdated . But what 's the point of playing a game just for it 's graphics ? And everyone needs to stop comparing it to FF8 . So what if FF8 has great graphics ? I would play FF7 over FF8 any day . It 's a lot more fun in my opinion , and there 's lots and lots of secrets to find . Just buy it . NOW !
 First off , I would like to comment on the graphics . They are excellent when compared to other games of its time , and are still good compared to today 's games . While the character animations are sloppy and unrealistic , the FMV 's and pre-rendered backgrounds are superb . Also , the materia system is great . It is very interactive and offers a vast variety of spells , commands , summons , independant , and support materia . With so much variety , choosing materia can be very strategic . The music is some of the best I 've ever heard in any game , with music perfectly suited to every situation . Much depth is added by the mini games and sidequests , such as the Gold Saucer , Bone Village , the sunken airplane , and chocobo breeding , which is so much fun , it could be a full game of its own , if expanded a bit . All said , this is a superb game that I recommend to anyone , and it is much better than FF8 , no matter how much better the graphics are .
 I hate this game . It is so dumb . Have any of you ever played any Zelda games ?!? It is so much better then this stupid FF game . When you fight in this game you do `` Press X to launch an attack , '' `` Now it 's the enemy 's turn to fight . '' In Zelda , it 's actually instant action fighting ! Think about it ? Have you ever been in a fight with someone where you stand 50 feet away from them , attack , and then wait for them to attack ? I did n't think so . You people who have Playstations think that it 's cool and Nintendo systems are kiddie . Well , this game is as stupid and kiddie as any Pokemon game - they 're both boring and unrealistic . So ... GET ZELDA NOT FF !!
 Without a doubt , this game is the best video game of ALL TIME . It is the prototypical role playing game with multiple different characters you can add to your party . It also has amazing cut scenes , terrific graphics , and an excellent soundtrack . There is a fully orchestrated soundtrack throughout the game that I went to sleep listening to for over a year -LRB- it took my fiancee and I about a year to finish the game -RRB- . Honestly , the soundtrack is so good that we are using one of the songs in our wedding ceremony.Despite the fact that I am now 29 ... and getting ` old ' my video game standards , I grew up on Adventure and PacMan and I know everything in between . I am now a pediatrician and I have , on occasion , gotten paged when kids need help in video games in the hospital -RRB- . You just have to take my word for it if you have n't ever played this game . It 's the best video game out there .
 When it all boils down , there are two Final Fantasy games which compete for the title of best of the series
 Final Fantasy VII was the first release for the Playstation , and the advance in graphics and gameplay brought new popularity to this great series.You play as Cloud , a member of a team of environmental bandits . This rebel group is trying to stop Shinra , an evil corporation , from stealing all of the planet 's energy , `` Mako '' . The leap in graphics between Final Fantasy VI and this one is pretty amazing . Where FF6 was a 2D game with 16 bit graphics , this one was fully rendered 3D graphics . You move your polygonal character through a richly painted `` mural '' of a world . The sound quality is also much better.Along the way , Cloud is joined by Barret , who looks and talks like Mr. T from the A Team . Tifa Lockheart and Aeris Gainsborough also join him - both are characters that are found on the FF/Disney blend Kingdom Hearts.Of course there is a Wedge and Biggs , named after the Star Wars characters . In fact , one of Biggs ' early lines is almost straight from the movie . There 's a Cid too - he 's an airship pilot . This is the Cid they used in Kingdom Hearts.Finally you reach and meet Sepiroth , and his many forms . The game is very rewarding to play , even though its graphics have been surpassed by later versions of Final Fantasy .
 This game was the first Final Fantasy game i have owned , it was soo good i now have 1-10 . When i play a game , Final Fantasy 7 is wat i compare it to . I have played many games and so far none have come close . This game provides you with hours of fun , the story is EXCELLENT the bad guy is AWSOME and all the characters are madd cool . Once u start plaing it you just get hooked and cant stop playing , because u realy dont want to . I had 4 friends come over to check it out , now they all have this game , and love it . If ur thinking about getting a new game that will privide you with 30 + hours of sheer fun , THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU !
 From the beginning to end , this game takes your breath away . A incredibly deep storyline , vivid and indepth characters , along with the best music for a game we 've ever known . This game will invite you in and never let go , you will feel for the characters in the storyline and experience everything with them along the way . There is only one downside to this game , this was one of the first 3D games for the PSX , and the first 3D rpg , so it was a totally new idea and thus is not polished too well . However , it is also the first to have FMV 's -LRB- Full Motion Videos -RRB- with some of the best looking video clips the Playstation has ever seen . This is a must buy for anyone who owns a Playstation . Great for both introductory and advanced role-playing gamers .
 final fantasy is my favorite final fantasy game it 's and very sad story with a good ending . and sehpoth -LRB- i ca n't spell his name -RRB- the main villian is perfict you can feel the pain he couses to cloud -LRB- the main character -RRB- it 's has lots of miny games that are good to even tho the ghapics are n't as good as X ans X-2 it still is the best final fantasy game i know of
 FF VII is one of the greatest FF 's compared to FF 8 & FF 10 -LRB- though FF 10 is the best by far for F/X -RRB- . I know it 's hard for people to go back and play this game after the HUGE change over in FF 10 and Kingdom Hearts . This is a game that should have been played before the upgrade , though I can still play this game over and over even though I have played FF 10 because I 've fell in love with it years ago.Some parts of the plot are still confusing but when I played FF 8 I thought it was extremly slow , charaters under developed and music somber . What I 've noticed it people are either a huge fan of FF VII and not of FF X , or a fan of FF X and not of FF VII.I fall in the middle where I like both alot but for different reasons , YET FF VII is still by far the best ever and the story line of FF X does not even touch FF VII 's story line.Great music -LRB- not CD/symphony quality -RRB- Great CharactersGreat VilliansGreat Story lineNice graphics -LRB- no where near FF 10 -RRB- This is the only RPG I 've ever played that I almost cried .
 I would first like to begin with a short complaint of those that dislike this game , but dont say why . All we ever here from those that ` hate ' the game is , `` bad graphics , bad storyline , bad gameplay '' . To be quite honest , one should not be writing a review on a game if one does not state reasons why the game is in fact , so good , or so bad . If you are trying to persuade someone to not like a game , then give the facts WHY something stinks , just dont say it does . Filling games with bad reveiws just gives a bad rap for no reason , for all of you who didnt in fact like this game , fill out a review with enough detail to describe what made the game so bad.Anyways , enough about bad reviews . This is the first game i played when i got my very first playstation so long ago when they were just coming out . I wasnt a gamer then , but this game turned me into one . Final Fantasy 7 must be the best game i have ever played . If you think about it , the games graphics were amazing considering the time it was introduced . I am still amazed today with the battle effects and cut scenes . Simply exceptional . The gameplay , well , to say in short , is wonderful . The game does an excellent job drawing the player into the storyline , and making the player FEEL like he or she is part of the game . I must have replayed this game over 30 times , each time finding new things . The FMV sequences are amazing , and can not be beaten . There are too many people that state the game has bad graphics ; the final fantasy series in itself has always had a cartoonish side to things , so i do not understand why anyone would say the graphics are bad . Sure we all have our playstation 2 's and saw how amazing Final Fantasy X looked , but keep in mind the time Final Fantasy 7 was brought out . Also , the music is amazing . When Aeris died , the situation and music almost made me cry . Then the battle afterwards , had you so mad , that you felt like pummeling Genova with everything you had . Which is what most did.Anyways , rather than subject this review with every little detail of the game , i will simply state , the game rocks , because it is so innovative , so drawing , and so damn good just plain and simple . A must have for any gamer.Final Fantasy 7 is still my favorite , even tho i am currently wrapped up in Final Fantasy 11 , but thats a different game.By this game and see yourself how wondrous it is .
 It won that award at the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences -LRB- Think of it as the Oscars of Video Games -RRB- and was nominated forBest Game of the Year . Its popularity and success is still to be matched by any RPG I can think of .
 Great graphics , new magic system , great characters , and a hell of a plot . oh not to forget the ultimate VIDEO GAME VILLIAN EVER ! ... Sephiroth . tremble at the mere mention of his name as you embark on a journey you 'll never forget . the music is the best . the graphics are anime 3d style and the characters are unbelievable . Aerith , the ancient , is a young girl with magnificent powers . she follows Cloud and goes on a journey that will lead her to a dark future . this game is unbelievable . what ever your expectations are in an RPG are mere pity to the quality of this adventure.you will laugh , cry , get vengeance , yell , scream , fall , fail , rise-up , conquer ? , and above all smell bad after a while ! i did . it took a while to get over the ending . BUT WAIT THERES MORE ! after i lost this game my lifes been a complete Game-Over ! i looked evry place possible for Final Fantasy VII Platinum . after i FINALLY GOT IT ... it turned out to be for a european PlayStation ! I still havnt gotten it . then i had to toss 9 and Chrono Cross out . all i hav left is VIII , Origins , and ... . Tactics . so im pulling by . . uh Anyway lets get back to the subject . final fantasy vii is not to be maligned like you other *** holes did . it is to be praised . i dont know what runs through your head all day but its not your brain . IF U DONT HAV FFVII YET GO BUY IT . ... NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!! WARNING
 I 'm just now pushing my way through the first disc . Of all the years this has been out , I played it once for about 10 minutes . I thought , `` Wow , this game does n't strike me as great . '' I always hated it . The original six Final Fantasy games were enough for me ; I 'll leave the others untouched . I decided that I needed to justify my opinion . I bought the game with the lowest of expectations , and I was just blown away.The instant I started playing this game , I knew I was going to enjoy it . The biggest part of a RPG is the battles . This game stays true to the Final Fantasy 3/6 way of doing battles , and I enjoy it immesely . The new addition is the limit break attacks , which do n't make much sense to me , but I love them , too.The graphics are n't great . But I do n't look to this game for phenominal graphics . The FMV 's -LRB- full motion video , or CGI -RRB- are straight beautiful . Some of them are amazing considering when this game came out . They leave me staring at the TV thinking , `` 1997 ?! '' Other than that , they are n't stunning , and leave you sometimes confused as to what you can walk on and what you ca n't , but I really do n't look at a game for the graphics if it 's an RPG . First is gameplay , second is music , third is story , last is graphics . Oldschool . : - -RRB- Regarding music , I 'm not impressed . This is one section of the game where I thought it fell short . None of the music really leaves me `` THERE '' in the game , where I feel like it fits in perfectly . Good , yes , but it is n't at the level I felt 2/4 and 3/6 were . The sound is okay - nothing amazing.Story is interesting . To point I think I still enjoy the complexity of the Final Fantasy 3/6 story , only because that one is so well explained . This one is more of a movie style , where there is constantly holes in the story being filled . When the holes are filled , there 's more holes to be filled . And I 've come to realize that some holes are just going to stay there , without any answers . The story is a little spotty when it comes to that , but up until now I 've really enjoyed playing through the game , and I ca n't wait to continue.All in all , I came in expecting nothing , and I got a lot . Definately impressive . I suggest you pick this one up , if you 're a fan of the NES and SNES FF games , but you are n't really sure .
 To put my reveiw into simplest form this has been my altime favorite RPG game ever made . Granted it is long and sometimes a boss seems imposible to beat but I have put collectively 200 hours -LRB- NO B. S. -RRB- on this game and just when I think I know every thing about it Something new comes up . THis is a must for any rpg player so buy it if yoiu do n't have it.Randy Grout
 This is one great game . i relly like the part were they go the casino CLASSIC . And dont ferget aeris , s death HOOO HOO . WOW
 For all you kids who think game with graphics are better your wrong . Even though this game has sad graphics the story line makes up well for it . Sadly I only played so much because the disks I got were used and scratched up . But so far I loved it .
 Final Fantasy VII is a great game and a memorable experience , both for series vets and those for whom this game marked their foray into the final fantasy world . The compelling storyline , solid gameplay mechanics , and stirring musical score have given the game an almost mythical stature since its 1997 release . In fact , there are many who hold the opinion that Square 's Playstation Masterpiece is the greatest role-playing game ever created , if not video game . While remarkable and at times breath-taking -LRB- even ten years later -RRB- , Final Fantasy VII is not the champion of the FF realm , a distinction still held by the gripping -LRB- and more groundbreaking -RRB- FF VI.Final Fantasy VII 's power lies in its story . Although the graphical leap to the Playstation seemed like an achievement at the time , the primary reason the game has become imbedded in the hearts of the ultra-rabid fan base is the enduring impact of the story . Does it stand the test of time ? For the most part the answer is , yes , though Square 's attempt to inject a social agenda into the theme , namely protecting the earth from corproate industrialists bent on destroying it , comes off as heavy-handed . Despite the fact that the focal message is presented about as subtlely as a sledgehammer to the shins , the designers of the game deserve credit for attempting to grapple with an -LRB- arguably -RRB- important social issue . Considering the media play that global warming has received in 2007 , Final Fantasy VII 's thematic content even seems prescient.The inartful environmental overtones aside , the story really shines in its gradual cultivation of the mystery surrounding the background of the four most important characters
 I 've read a lot of the reviews on here ... and although everyone has their own opinion , the bottom line is that when this game was released in 1997 it did change the gaming world . Few can argue the hype it received and the sales it got , but did it deserve it ? Does it stand the test of time.Yes and No . The graphics do look like a bunch of lego-popeye 's walking around , but it still was an incredible leap over what was available at the time . In ten years we will be saying the same thing about most of the PS2 games we own ... or fighting with all the young gamers who do n't remember the classics.Personally I put FFVII at the top of my favorite games of all time , but that 's because it holds a lot of great memories of staying up late and enjoying an intriguing story and some wonderful music . Even so , FFVII is starting to show it 's age , and everyone seems to either love it , or hate it . I 'll let them have their opinion 's , but please give a better reason then
 You read that title right . I compared Final Fantasy VII to Metallica 's `` Black Album . '' Why ? Because FF7 is the game that got the mainstream into the Final Fantasy series much like how the Black album got the mainstream into Metallica . However , as did the Black Album , a lot of old school fans jeered Final Fantasy VII for its change in atmosphere and style . Gone are the medieval settings of previous Final Fantasies in favor of a more futuristic setting . The storyline was also quite a bit less complicated than previous Final Fantasies -LRB- much like how Black was less complicated than previous Met albums -RRB- , making the game a bit more accesable to the gaming public which does n't want to be left constantly wondering `` what 's this all about ? '' Well , nonetheless , Final Fantasy VII is an excellent game , much like how the Black Album was an excellent album , regardless of the change . The story , while not as good as that of previous Final Fantasies , is very well written -LRB- dealing with such real life issues as love , vengeance , and a haunted past -RRB- , while a lot of the events -LRB- such as the cross dressing scene at the beginning of the game -RRB- are very memorable . The characters , especially Cloud and Tifa , are interesting . And the battle system , which now includes `` limit breaks '' whenever your character takes a certain amount of damage , is among the most user friendly of any RPG out there . Also , Sephiroth -LRB- while not quite as cool as FF3/6 's Kefka -RRB- is among the best video game villains ever . His mysterious personality and dark mindset is bound to make anybody naturally hate him.Of course , the graphics in FF7 are first rate . The movies are very detailed , though a bit on the grainy side . And the prerendered backgrounds are outstanding . The super deformed characters , however , could use work . It 's hard seeing what look like a bunch of children having deep relationships and seriously striving to save the planet . Of course , this has always been a problem with the Final Fantasy series so I 'm not gon na give it too much slack . As far as the music goes , if you 're looking for FF3/6 quality music you will be disappointed . No video game soundtrack has ever lived up to the standards set by that game and FF7 is no exception . The synth quality is rather low and the compositions just are n't as intriguing . Nonetheless , FF7 has a great soundtrack that really fits the game and characters nicely.Overall , I think Final Fantasy VII is an excellent RPG and definately deserving of the five stars I have given it in this review . However , I recommend you also play previous Final FAntasies , especially FF3 , before playing this game because they do serve as a better example of what Final Fantasy is all about .
 Never in my entire life have I come across a game so amazing , I almost cried when I beat it . This is truely the greatest video game ever created . The gameplay is fantastic . And the characters , are so real , you almost feel their emotions . I spent a whole summer playing this game , and I feel safe to say there is nothing like it . I have recently purchased FF IX , but am reluctant to open it . I will sooner or later , but I know I will always stay a true FF VII fan . Anyone , of any age , I urge you to buy this game . It 's worth way more than 20 dollars , and experience video gameplay at it 's finest .
 Final Fantasy 7 is quite possibly the BEST role-playing-game ever made because if its thick plot which gets you so involved with the story line , that you think that your Cloud himself . Here if my list of great things about it.....Graphics-I will give the graphics a four and a half because of their sometimes cute characters , but they lack the facial expressions...Sound-I am definetly gon na ' have to go with a 5 for the sound because it changes depending on your situation and what is going on around you...Fighting-At first the `` Materia '' system may seem complicated , but after a few hours you 'll get used to it ... By the way , I 'll give this 5 stars....Gameplay-This definetly deserves 5 stars because of its great storyline which makes you feel like part of the action ...
 Final Fantasy VII has a brilliant storyline and awesome graphics to match ... i dont think squaresoft can EVER come up with a better game . The charachters have their own unique personality , and you can talk to the charachters and develop your gaming experience even further . The materia -LRB- magic -RRB- system is easy to use and far less complicated then Final Fantasy VIII . I dont think i can say anything else about this game except BUY IT !
 ... This is clearly one of the very best games ever made . It manages to pull you into its fantasy world and makes you forget the real one . The characters become your friends ... you cry when one of them dies -LRB- reminiscent of Hitchcock 's Psycho -RRB- . You start to believe that you , too , are fighting to save the world ... But , seriously , this game is like a good interactive science-fiction book . Definitely on my top 10 list of the best video games ever made.My only complaint is that it 's not all that difficult ; you rarely face seemingly insurmountable obstacles -LRB- until you fight the 2 extra bosses -RRB- . But , I guess , if it were more difficult , it would take years to finish.If you do n't own this , considering the price , you should buy it . Be careful though , it might take over your life ...
 This is the first RPG I 've ever played , and here 's what I have to say about it : GRAPHICS
 Altough time has passed by FFVII remains a great one , remembered for the revolution it created it 's above all the storyline of the game that is awesome and actually the best ever for many , the production , the depth , the graphics and the fmv 's , everything is just great , an unforgettable game , no matter how many time may pass .
 many people dislike Final Fantasy VII because of complaints on the polygonal figures , or maybe the battles , but these people probably have never played an rpg before . The storyline is NOT chasing a maniac around . It is extremely complex , and the game delves into the backgrounds of the characters . The main plot is more of finding your identity and what is the mystical connection between you and the antagonist . Many twists occur , and you will be on the edge of your seat waiting to see what the next move is . The game has such a great storyline that they will make a movie of it . On other aspects
 Final Fantasy VII is a great game . Everything about is great . The only thing I dind ' t like was the ending . It was too easy . To play for 80 hours to get to the end and use one summon materia once to kill the final boss was disappointing -LRB- even though I loved the final boss music -RRB- . The weapons are MUCH harder . Other than that I thoroughly enjoyed this game . Even though I still think FFVI is the best game ever made -LRB- Chrono Trigger is the second best game ever -RRB- , this is a very worthy addition to the FF series and one of the best RPG 's ever made .
 This was the last game I actually committed myself to as I do n't have the time to play games like this anymore . But anyways , this was the best game that I ever had the chance to get totally involved with . I have played FF from the days of regular Nintendo and will forever appreciate the entertainment that I got from playing it . Go SquareSoft ! I do believe that was who released it .
 After playing Final Final Fantasy VII for about 15 minutes , you are most likely hooked on the awesome , mega addictive gameplay until unravel the entire , 3 disc long story and stop the maniacal Sephiroth and save the planet . Speaking of the story , it is very deep , compelling , and complex with a lot of plot twists that you would never and could never possibly expect . The main character is a teen named Cloud Strife , an ex-member of an orginization called SOLDIER . He is now a mercenary with a new mission
 . Ok , I 'll admit it , I only got FF7 as a second choice , but I do NOT regret it ! The plot thrills you , and it makes you laugh and cry , and I CAN vouch for this and say , I have done both as a result of this game.I truly despised the `` evil '' characters , and I felt a chilling hatred for Sephiroth . I felt pure pity and admiration for Cloud , the main character , and I was intrigued by the mystery of Vincent . The Shinra are the true evil company that we all hate - polluting , patronizing , controlling , the list goes on.The graphics were clarly superior when it was released , and although you will now see better graphics in FF8 and FF10 -LRB- when it is released -RRB- , they will still move you , the same way they moved me -LRB- to tears -RRB- . The battle screen is clear and precise , and you have a huge amount of choice in this game - you can name characters , give them different magic -LRB- materia orbs -RRB- , choose what you will do , etcetera , etcetera!Overall , a glitteringly fantastic game , a MUST BUY for anyone , -LRB- but if you want my advice , buy the stradegy guide too -RRB- Anyone who owns a playstation surely deserves this game .
 I was sceptical when I first pick up this game . I 'd never heard of the `` Final Fantasy '' series before but I got it used for 10.00 so who cares ? I turned on the game . Well the ghraphics are pretty cheesey but when I started getting in tp the storyline and saw Cloud jump off the brigde and onto the train below I knew I had to finish this one and get the others.The Final Fantasy seires has changed the video game world . Final Fantasy is and always will be a classic . I can still remeber crying when cloud puts Aeris 's dead body into the water . Now with Final Fantasy X coming out on PS2 I know that ther will never be an actual Final Final Fantasy .
 In terms of retrospect , after playing Suikoden I/II , FF8 , FF9 , Xenogears , Vagrant Sotry , and a bit of the previous Final Fantasies on emulator , this is unquestionably the best game Square has produced . It has the most and best mini-games . It has the best characters and character motivational development . It has the most enjoyable -LRB- if somewhat overpowerful -RRB- battle system , and the best summons , even without the textures of FF8 and FF9 . This game reveals its philosophical layers gradually , and powerfully , and all elements of the story and game reinforce and reveal its political , social , and emotional themes . Economic injustice , environmental destruction , corporate selfishness and materialism , and other spiritual themes all are dealt with in depth and in seriousness . And it 's fun . Xenogears had a slightly , slightly better story , and intellectual factor but its game mechanics place it behind this one .
 I 've always been a huge fan of the FF series , and still am , but FFVII dos n't quite cut it for me . Do n't get me wrong , the cutscenes are great -LRB- though a bit grainy -RRB- , the graphics are excellent -LRB- although the Anime style of the characters makes it all a bit hard to believe -RRB- and the music is , for the most part , top notch . However , the major fault with FFVII is it 's storyline and atmosphere . The translated English leaves something to be desired in certain spots , and it leaves you wondering `` what in the name of God just happened ? '' . Most everywhere you go in the game will be drenched with an opressive gloomy feel , and the storyline , although epic , has an air to it that almost makes you feel that no matter what you 'll do , the planet is going to die and there 's nothing you can do to stop it -LRB- those who 've played the game know what I 'm talking about -RRB- . I , for one , am a fairly `` artsy '' person and enjoy gloomy atmospheres and depressing plots . But when you have to put up with four discs of it -LRB- well , more like three and a fourth -RRB- ... eventually you want to just give up on it . However , the game 's darkness is at some times it 's biggest asset . It features one of the coldest and brutally efficent villans in the history of anything
 OK , the game that originally got me into RPG 's was Super Mario RPG , which is still my favorite game . I thought that no one could take my second favorite RPG 's place though , which was The Legend of Zelda
 ... this is certainly one of the weakest games in the series , IMO . I can remember back in middle school when everyone was raving about this game . I remember watching a video my friends made of the game . It spanned the entire game and I was totally enthralled . I did n't end up owning a copy of FFVII until FFVIII was just released . I received both games at the same time . I tried out FFVII first and to be honest I found it cumbersome . I eventually went on to play FFVIII and loved it . I try not to let my exprience with FFVIII ruin my experience with any of the other games from the series but so far none of them have lived up to FFVIII . My first experience with FFVII was a bit let down . I killed the mighty Sephiroth in two hits . The ending anti-climatic too . It 's a good thing that Advent Children came out . The movie was n't too promising storywise though . I 've gone back through and played FFVII many times just to see if I like the game any better . It 's hit and miss . This time around I 'm playing it and I must say I have noticed quite a few things.Music : For Midi files these are very well done . The score to this game is n't my favorite . Not a whole lot of the ` epic ' tracks in the game really appeal to me . Still , the presentation through the game is very nice and if you 're new to the series then this is the game that features the quintessential FF music.Gameplay : The gameplay is relatively balanced . There are no designated roles outside of character personality . Each character is pretty much interchangable with minor differences here and there . The controls are smooth , especially if you 're using a new PS controller . The magic system is balanced with strong physical attacks . The game does reqire a bit of battle strategy and that 's definately a plus . The limit break system is great as well though some of the actually characters ' final limit breaks are very disappointing . Outside of Cloud , Aeris , and Tifa the other characters ' limit breaks are pretty weak but visually fulfiling . Also , the materia system is n't too hard to understand though I had trouble with it the first time I played through the game . Personally , I find it to be a bit lackluster for the fact that , unless you set it up a certain way , detracts from a character 's role in the party . At least with 8 and beyond you could get a feel for who played what role in your party . I do think that if you 're a newcomer to the series or RPGs in general then the gameplay is fantastic . Fluidity and simplicity are a great pairing.Plot : Weak . I 'm sorry but the plot to this game is weak and it 's very confusing . There are a lot of things that go unresolved in this game plus there are so many dry spots where nothing of merit is happening . The core storyline is intriguing but the presentation seems to be jumbled , IMO . Cloud is the hero and I think he fails in the role . It may be due to a terrible english translation from the original Japanese but Cloud comes off as a major prude . He 's aloof , weak minded , and has terrible dialogue . It 's very frustrating . The storyline was just interesting enough for me to get through the game . It 's mainly the final fight with Sephiroth that drew me into the game . However , if you 're a higher level character ... or you just have some upper level limit breaks then you should easily make quick work of this alleged ` badass ' . The ending resolves very little and creates more questions than answer . The ending to this was even worse than that of FFX . At least with FFX there was X-2 . It took years for Advent Children to come out and even the movie could n't salvage the disappointing ending to FFVII.Characters : Here is where I find my biggest gripe with the game . Cloud is just borderline pathetic . I 'll never forget what he said to everyone right before you go down to fight Jenova at the bottom of the crater . There is no real love story between himself and Aeris . It 's questionable if Cloud is heterosexual or not . Sephiroth is probably the fanchise 's most recognizable character . He 's the reason I watched Advent Children . However , anyone who shows relative skill at this type of game genre could probably wipe the floor with the Almighty Sephiroth . Going through the game now I find Sephiroth to be a bit of a tweener as well . Barret has to be the most stereotypical character I 've ever seen . I 'm surprised the NAACP has n't lobbied Square . The only characters I really have any respect for are Cid and Vincent . Tifa is a great character as well but her inability to get Cloud 's attention is irritating . Cid is a brash and cocky individual which you ca n't help but love and Vincent is the mall goth that could rip you to shreds . Red XIII is a very well done character . However , the biggest turd in all of FF history came with the creation of Cait Sith . I really do wish they would 've replaced Cait Sith with Reeve later in the game . For Reeve 's good nature to get the best of him and join forces with Cloud directly would 've been fantastic . Overall , the characters do have enough depth to them to allow the player to show some attatchment.Conclusion : As much as I complain about this game there is certainly something about it that will keep you playing it for hours on end . It has solid replay value . Most all of the FF games do . It 's just a matter of which one captivates you the most . This game just was n't for me . The FF clique from high school I used to hang out with all adored this game and hated FFVIII . I 'd have to say that this is probably the gateway game I 'd use to get someone into the series and turn based RPGs in general . The gameplay is balanced and simple enough for all gamers and the storyline is interesting enough to keep you playing . Also , paying attention to the music coreography will only enhance your experience with this game . Enjoy .
 This game may be 3 years old , but that does n't mean it ca n't be a QUINTILLION times better than Final Fantasy 8 -LRB- yuk -RRB- . The storyline , the playability , it all adds up to be the best game ever . Final Fantasy 8 had cinimatics a half-notch better , but only by a hair . The movie in FFVII will utterly amaze you . The storyline is much more endeepening and complex than the Final Fantasy 8 story , and revives some of the old features in previous games , such as the near infinite combinations of materia -LRB- orbs that enable you to use magic -RRB- accessories , weapons , and armour . The people @ Squaresoft can beat FF8 in 10 hours , because it is so SHORT -LRB- do n't let the 4 discs fool you , they go by QUICK -RRB- . I have n't met a bigger villain than Sephiroth , the king of all videogame villains . He looks indestructable at a glance , but you will push him over in the 3rd disk . Materia = Strategy . This game = strategy . The two exclusive American-Version monsters , Diamond WEAPON and Ruby WEAPON are definitely the game 's toughest challenge . You will grow to know and love the characters , and understand them like family and friends . Another thing , be sure to have some tissues handy . It gets a little sad somewhere in the game In closing , you 'll love this game . The storyline is deep enough for hardcore gamers to get saturated into it , and understandable enough for someone like ME to get it -LRB- I 'm not even 13 yet ! -RRB- Anyway , this game MORE than deserves 5 stars . Too bad I ca n't give it six ... If this game is n't great , why did I write such a long review . And this review is not far-fetched at all . The game is 3 cds , is cheap -LRB- $ 20.00 -RRB- , and took me 60 hours to beat the game -LRB- kill Sephiroth and save the world -RRB- , and 90 hours to get all the bonuses and everything else .
 I hope every person who has a playstation has this game . If you dont then get it . This is the best RPG ever . Even though it is 2 years old it is still great . This game provides challenges and lots of fun . You can be amused by it for 70 + hours at least . The graphics are stunning . When you summon a creature from the vast aray of them you will be in awe . To complete the entire game is almost impossible considering how you need every advantage availible to defeat the powerful `` Weapons . '' I would recomend this game to everyone whether you have a PC or Playstation !
 Final Fantasy 7 obviously is the best game ever made . It 's got everything from an extreme storyline , to great innovative battle systems . I believe Final Fantasy 8 was n't as good as 7 , but it 's pretty darn good as well . If you do n't like FF7 , you must be NUTS . If you 've never tried it , pick up a copy at your nearest toy store , I garentee you , you will be surprised !
 This game is awesume . Its the best game I ever played before . The storyline , music , graphics , etc. is excellant . I 've played all the Final Fantasy 's including 8 and 9 and this is even better then those . This game is pretty long . It spands on 3 cds . I suggest you buy this game if you love RPG 's . I used to hate RPG 's till I played this game . This game is top notch . And the greatest game I ever played in my life .
 This game rocks , in everey possible way . the story , characters , graphics , music , EVERYTHING . ive played for over 300hours , and im still not tired of it . GET THIS GAME ! Also , this game is not only cheaper than ff8 , but way better . Finally , even if you don : t like RPGs , the various minigames are almost as good as if they were full version real arcade games , so GET THIS !
 This game is the best game I have ever played . It has a multi twisting story line that many people ca n't figure out the first time they play , and the battle system and setup is much easier then ff8 . One of the best features in this game are the sidequests . They have about 15 sidequests so you can never acuattly finish the game . It 's much better then ff8 , and less expensive , too .
 This game is amazing . I finally got to play it a week ago and I was shocked how much I loved it . It has a very good story line , above average graghic , great movie scences , and an awsome battle set-up for an RPG sicne it uses limit breaks , and the Active Time Bar System . This has got to be the greatest game I 've ever played and I 'm a video game finatic . I just have 1 thing to say
 I am not a big fan of Video games , but , when my brother showed me this game i thought i would give it a try . I love it ! It is fun because there is so much to do in the game , not just shooting at stuff , there is a story line ... and , it feels like you are in the story -LRB- Because
 This is a must buy for anyone who owns a playstation . You can name the characters so they relate to your life . Three years later i still play this over and over with my friends . It ; s way better than FFVIII by far . Spectacular .
 This is probably the second best game that anyone ever created . -LRB- the best being `` Zelda - Ocarina of Time '' -RRB- FF7 can get a little complicated in places but overall it is just plain fun . There is so much to do on this game that it can take a long time to finish it ... which is a GOOD thing . I have been playing for a long time and i still have n't managed to beat the Weapon in the sand at the Golden Saucer ... oh well . The plot is intricate , the characters moving , and everytime you play the game it will probably be different . Your actions affect later actions in the game , like who get to date in one sequence . This is a great game that is worth the money and time , buy it !
 FFVII , This is the best game I have ever played . I tgives the player a unique challenge , as well as stimulating puzzles . This game has something for everyone . Racing
 Storyline , graphics , music , battle , materia , reality , fantasy , life , death , joy , sorrow.This is THE role-playing video game against which all others are judged.You can raise and race chocobos ! You can play in a video arcade , which just happens to have a bunch of games you played during the adventure . There are two Ultimate Monsters to beat after you 've `` beaten '' the game . You can play it several times , to see what different characters can do . Oh , and the story is great.If I were stuck on a deserted island with one video game , I think it would be this one . Of course , it might be tough to plug in and play , though . : - -RRB-
 Not much else to say . This game is awsome !!! Packed with mini-games and a lot of stuff to keep the fun factor up !! My favorite game of all time !! I beat this game 2 years ago and I still play it even when my characters are level 99 ! Mini-games are awesome !
 It is indeed , really quite simply the best videogame ever made ... I 'm a very passionate person , and I dislike most stuff people likes but when I like something like this videogame , it just stays in my mind forever . I bought it back in 1997 and I was 12 years old , I remember being so attracted to it sort of speak , you ca n't turn it off , you always feel like a need to knwo what 's gon na happen next.I still feel the same kind of way now that when I played it 5 years ago for my very first time , it 's a feeling that never goes away.The story behind each charcater is awesome , and the relationship between the main characters , including Sephiroth , the bad guy , is just awesome , you will never find anything like it ... the story of this game will simply get you and not even final fantasy 10 for playstation 2 with its moving story and love story as well will even reach final fantasy 7 story . I really do pray that they make a remake of this game for playstation 2 or in a few years playstation 3 ... it 'd be great seeing a movie of it too but yeah i think it 'd be too expensive ... If you like nostalgia this is your game , if you do n't , you will feel it then and then you will start liking it ... trust me
 This game is wonderful . I ca n't say anything more . I grew up with this game , watching my brothers play it for hours a day , figuring things out and screaming for everyone whenever they got to a new cinema scene . Now , it may not seem as good as the others in that category , but I still think this game is the best out of them all -LRB- with 10 in 2nd -RRB- . I never thought I would be able to handle such a beautifully crafted game such as this , so after it was beaten several times by my brother , and I realized I actually had a knack for games , I picked it up and stared at the back . I thought , `` What the heck ... try it ! '' So , in it goes into the Playstation . I remembered playing for eight straight hours that night . I love this game ! I could not put it down . I played day and night . All the time . Always ! And by the time I got to the second disk I realized how much I had n't seen of the game yet , even watching my brothers for hours at a time . It has wonderful cinema scenes , and the story is so engrossing I was finding myself holding my breath at times and not even knowing it until I let it out and my head started spinning . The characters are wonderful , and to me , they override all the others in the Final Fantasys , even 10 . Final Fantasy 7 is like the # 1 in the series , with the rest following . Almost like in a movie series where the first is always better than the sad follow-ups that try so desperately to continue the greatness . The music is extremely spectacular , one of the most rememerable parts of the game . I realized that the music is the one thing I remembered most , throughout the game the songs gave me instant replays of so many parts over again . The soundtrack is the best ! The music is like the whole other half of it , with the story and characters being the other . You may wonder how it can be this important , but believe me , it is ! It 's even appealiing to females , like myself . Realistic relationships are tied in , as well . The creators did so W.E.L.L. on this , I can see how the others did n't turn up as well . All the best ideas are here , in this game . I recommend trying not to be distracted throughout the game , breathe it in , soak it up like a sponge ! You wo n't regret it . The end wraps the game up wonderfully , and I 'm sure that once you 've gotten there , you 'll be finishing off the masterpiece with a `` Wow . That was great . ''
 I had purchased a Playstation months before this title came out , specifically anticipating a great upgrade of the Super Nintendo titles Squaresoft had been producing up til this point . This game far exceeded my hopes and wishes , impressing me with the 3D characters , the story , the materia system , even the music . It 's what rewarded me for waiting and choosing Sony for my new gaming platform . I 've been a great fan of their games that followed , especially their landmark success Final Fantasy X for the PS2.The game has an interesting plot , compelling characters , and many challenges and secrets to discover . It also has a few plot twists that add spice . If you have n't played this game or those that have followed , PLEASE start here ! It just gets better from this point on ...
 Before this game came out , I was still deciding between getting a playstation or a N64 . When I heard about Final Fantasy 7 I decided to buy whatever system it would debut in . Thank god it chose the playstation . I still remember the first day I got it , I played four hours straight until I had to go to work . This game had it all , excellent graphics -LRB- it was great back in those days -RRB- interesting characters and an awesome plot . I am currently playing this game again and it still amazes me how great this game was . For anyone who has never played this game , what are you waiting for . This was the game that made the RPG popular , it was the game that is responsible for the many RPG 's out there . Back in those days there were only a few RPG 's out , sometimes only one or two in a year . The other Final Fantasy games are excellent too , but they ca n't touch this game .
 This is probably one of the best games I 've ever played ; but I 'm not just saying that hands down.Final Fantasy VII had a tremendous impact when it was released in America , sending hundreds and thousands of people into the addiction of RPG gaming . And , personally , I do n't blame them.Even though the game has its flaws -LRB- bad graphics , spelling & grammar errors , ect . -RRB- , it does n't ruin the complete aspect of the game . This game , although , also happens to be one of those that are overrated . Sure , I love this game to pieces , and play it pretty much every chance I get -LRB- I 'm on my 11th play after I only got it two years ago -RRB- , but it 's still filled with fanboys , which can give people the wrong impression of the game in polls and what not.But this game was still amazing , from the moment I got into it . I do admit , though , that I hated it at the beginning . Probably because I was an awful RPGer back then and was easily bored . But that quickly changed when I began to travel the gorgeous world of Final Fantays VII , meeting the brilliant characters and fantastic battle system.Each character has their own personalities , and even pasts that they need to comfront in the end to recieve the game 's point . The main nine characters of the game consist of Cloud Strife -LRB- the protoganist -RRB- , Tifa Lockheart , Aeris Gainsborough , Cid Highwind , Barret Wallace , Yuffie Kisaragi , Vincent Valentine , Red XIII -LRB- Nanaki -RRB- , and Cait Sith.You start out as Cloud on a bombing mission with the rebel group AVALANCHE , who is trying to save the planet from the evil Shinra corperation who is using their reactors to suck up the spirit energy -LRB- lifestream -RRB- and manufacture it into an expensive , yet important chemical called mako . Doing this , although , is killing the planet , which leads to Cloud and the rest of AVALANCHE through what seems simple at first , to an adventure that will sometimes even make you go `` What the heck ? '' at times.The plot is complex and original , but may not seem that way unless you look deep into story . The only problem is the plotholes , and the ending that was never actually an ending at all.Nobou also strikes again in this case , with brilliant , stunning music that even all my relatives and friends love . To the beautiful Aeris ' Theme , to the beating drums of Cosmo Canyon , to even the gothic beats of One Winged Angel , Final Fantasy VII has it all.Although sometimes incredibly morbid and dark due to human expeirments and even main character deaths , be sure to buy this game if you have n't yet . It 's something you wont regret .
 While final fantasy III is considered the best of the series , I have to say that Final Fantasy VII was my personal favorite . An excellent game .
 My cousin was a HUGE RPG fan before I was and one day I got money for my birthday and I went uptown and he came along . He saw Final Fantasy VII on the shelves and bugged me to get it . So I eventually got it but found he was playing it more than me . So when he was n't around , I sneaked and played his game and I got so wrapped up in the game I forgot I was still playing his game and he missed some plot elements . But I could n't contain myself cause this was one of the best games I played , and still do , I 'm currently on my 8th play.Story
 Final Fantasy 7 is ... THE BEST GAME IN THE KNOWN WORLD OF VIDEO GAMES ! I 'M SURPRISED THE COMPETING GAMEMAKERS ARE STILL TRYING EVEN THOUGH THEY KNOW FF7 IS OUT THERE!all you need to be happy is ONE thing ... THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO N'T HAVE IT ? BUY IT!DON ' T WANT IT ? GET A LIFE !! DO N'T LIKE IT ? ... nothing to say except , `` You need help . ''
 I first saw this game at a friends house.I thougt it was a boring game , but my friend kept telling me it was good.When i got a playstation for christmas i also got final fantasy VII.I played it for many hours.I stayed glewed to the seat.The game was amazing.The graphics are really great , I had never seen anything like it.The battle system was great.What iloved most about the game was the great storyline.I really reccomend this game to anyone , even if you 're not an RPG fan this game will really get you hooked.DO NOT buy a stradegy guide , it will only spoil the game.I heve bought every final fantasy game for the playstation ever since.This game kicks a # *
 I have played all the ffs an playstation and this is by far the best.the story and characters and villan are the greatest in a game that i have played .
 This is the best Final Fantasy game I ever played.I own FF8 and I ca n't beat the thrid disk.Then I bought FF7 I 've played for a week and 15 hours and their is no end to disk 1 . On FF8 after 15 hours I was on disk 2 . This is the best game ever .
 If you read my nickname you will automatically see that I LOVE Final Fantasy games . If I could , I would say this . If you do n't already own this masterpiece journey across three discs , then BUY IT . But of course I ca n't do that so I 'm going to suggest it ! Great Gameplay , Beautiful Graphics , Marvelous Music , and a bit of language -LRB- they say a lot of bad words . but the really bad ones are encrypted -RRB- makes this game a Role Playing Gamer 's Paradise !
 This game is simply a masterpiece . I ca n't think of any other way to describe it . It 's been two or three years since I first played this game and it still remains my favorite Playsation game of all time . While I had played a few RPG 's before I played FFVII and enjoyed them , this is the game that turned me into a true fan of the Final Fantasy series , and RPG 's in general . The crisp graphics -LRB- they 're especially good considering that it came out in 1997 -RRB- , breathtaking soundtrack , brilliant gameplay , epic storyline , and replay value make this game well worth the cash.Graphics
 I think Final Fantasy VII is the best game ever !!!!!! It had a really good plot . It has a reall life story from what is going on today with polluting . But then all of all sudden the whole game is focusin on one man who can destroy the world . I already played 6 files , from the time I was 11-12 I played Final Fantasy 8 and 9 and I would give them 2 stars , they came no where close to ff7 .
 They got this one right . Although I was generally impressed , I was n't awestruck until the dramatic scene with Aeris and Sephiroth . After that point , this game had the ability to actually make me emotional , which is a first . The graphics are just fine , even if it was obvious the developers were still learning how to use to CD engine . The soundtrack is perhaps the best ever in a video game . The system , although simple when compared to VIII and IX , was a lot of fun to use , and although beating the game straight through is n't that difficult , the `` weapons '' would challenge any gamer . To put it simply , this is the `` next generation '' -LRB- as in CD , not Cart -RRB- RPG to which all others should be measured .
 This is by far the best game besides . This game has so many characters you can never forget . I put my soul into this game . I spent over 140 hours playing just cuz i love it so much . Unlike FF8 , the game play is actually enough for anyone to like it . The graphics are better anyway . In FF8 , all of the characters faces and pants are all smudged up . Materia is now my favorite word . All in all . Do n't buy FF8 -- Just buy FF7 . Never say Final !
 It says it . It says it right on the back of the package . Says what ? The quote in this reviews title . And it 's quite possibly true . This game is tied for first with my all time favorite games . It features an excellent storyline , an excellent battle system , AWESOME MUSIC -LRB- people by the soundtrack ... yeah , it 's that good -RRB- , and of course , hours and hours -LRB- average 35-40 to be exact -RRB- of fun .
 This is the greatest game of all time -LRB- aside from Super Mario Bros. . DX -RRB- . The day I bought this game , I played for 6 hours straight . Eventually my mom had to peel me from the TV.One of the major hurtles for this game is learning the materia system . The instruction book is n't as clear as it could be on how it works . Your best bet to understanding it is either listen to what the people in the game tell you about materia or , even better , mess around with it . I learned most of the tricks to materia by going into battle , using my materia , and then changing it and finding another battle . This not only helps you learn how the materia works but gives you experience as well.Another thing about this game is that you MUST pay attention to the story . I do n't know how many times my brother distracted me and I missed an important part of the story . And because the plot is so complicated , going for a long time without playing is not recommended because you tend to forget small things that end up becoming big things later in the story.Well , if you were going to by one game for Playstation , make it this one . I promise you will not be disappointed !
 This is the only game I 've ever played that I would go so far as to call a masterpiece . I 've played all the games in the FF series and this is BY FAR the best !
 I do n't see how anybody could knock this game?The fighting graphics , are amazing by any standards , and it 's by far the funnest game in the series.Personally I hate mazes , and ultra boring storylines.Or as FF8 fans would call it.A more mature storyline.I mean hell it 's a Fantasy game for god sakes!Not a stupid overly dramatic in a very unrealistic way , Soap opera.If you want realism watch a army movie or something , and keep a way from fantasy oriented stuff all together.I own alot of Final Fantasy games not to mention RPG 'S , and I doubt I 'd like them as much if it was n't for this game.Put it this way I 'd throw all of them in the trash if I was n't aloud to play this one anymore . `` And the funny thing is , '' I 've played it like 20 times already.It never get 's old to me.All the character 's are real cool , and the storyline is the best compared to any , and I mean any FF game.I just recently bought FF origins , and played FF1 , and 2 , and their graphic 's really suck!Yet I am thinking about making FF2 my second all time favorite FF game.Now with that being said , and not to change the subject to much , but man I hope they do a FF7 part two !!! It 's the only one that I think is even worthy of a sequel.And a movie.Maybe even with real actor 's this time.I mean like maybe Leonardo Decaprio as Cloud , and that 's a no brainer , plus Christopher Lambert as the Legendary Sephiroth -LRB- Highlander Hello ! -RRB- that 's also a no brainer , Jennifer love Hewitt as Tifa , Wynona Rider as Yuffie , Charlie Sheen as Vincent.I 'm not sure about Aris , but you get the idea.Anyway 's you 'll either love it or dispise it.But I think it 's better than even the new one 's . I mean sure the graphic 's are there in FFX , and X2 , but not much else , and certainly they 're not really alot of fun.I mean what 's the fun in relying almost soly on you ' r Summon 's that only Yuna can use through just about every hard fight.Plus you do n't get nearly as many limit 's , and even most of their limit 's are blanday looking anyway 's . Except Tidus 's last one.Not to mention I thought the magic looked very weak altogether , and I mean boring.So , you know where I stand.Buy it , do n't buy it , I do n't really care.All I know is , I think it 's the best game on the planet !!!!!! So to each is own!And as a personal favor , if you do n't like it as much as the other 's , what 's the good in totally bashing a classic.Why do n't ya pick on Final fantasy X2 like everyone else seem 's to be doing.Unless maybe you 're just deeply jealous of all the extra well deserved attention it got what with the Kingdom Heart 's game , and if that 's the case then I 've got only six word 's for you , and that 's that Cloud , and Sephiroth kick a ** Period !!!!! And if you think other wise you 're a f!cking retard !!!
 Ok ... This game is way way way too under-rated !!! What 's wrong with everyone . I know the graphics are not as good as any later RPG games . But does that really matter that much ?! he storyline is an absolute kick , too . I ca n't believe some people do n't like it ! Yeah , it might be a little confusing at first , but as you put yourself in the game , it really gets much better ! The good thing about this game is that you can have many different choices and events going on everytime you play it . Choose different options the second time you play it and you can get different responses and items ! I 'm not gon na say this game is the best b/c everyone has different opinions , but this game is really a great RPG kick ! And all you people who do not agree with me , try to stop comparing this game to all these other new RPGs and the later Final Fantasies that has like perfect graphics and other advanced techs . View this game as a whole new RPG that you have never heard or thought about , then maybe you will start to appreciate the beauty of it . This is really a great game , I will never regret buying this RPG !!! And I do n't know if you noticed , but check the other reviews , many of the reviewers do not know how to use the ratings and gave it 1 star or 0 stars when they actually intend to give it full stars !!! So this game is really greater than its rating !!!
 I loved this game . it has one of the most innovative battle systems I have ever played -LRB- next to ffX -RRB- . if they would stop personally attacking the characters they might have a greater apreciation for how good this game actually is . I do have to admit that the characher development is indeed inferior to that of final fantasy X , but if you get that behind you it is an excellent game , vastly superior to final fantasy X-2 .
 True this game may not have the best graphics by today 's standards but when the game was released it had far superior graphics than any game to date . That having been said , the gameplay and story alone make this a remarkable game . It has the best storyline of any of the ff games imo and the use of materia , as well as all the side quests available have made this one of the most fun games i have ever played .
 Final Fantasy VII . Who has n't heard of it ? This review is to flat out mediate the two extremes between the five star reviews and the one star reviews.First off , I have owned this game for over five years , and had played a demo version of the game for a full year previous to that . The demo version had me hooked . It was one mission - to blow up the reactor and get out of there in time . It took a stunning ten minutes to complete . Wow . But I kept coming back to it . Why ? Because I had so much fun fighting battles , talking to people , grabbing hidden items , and getting out of there in time , that I really never got sick of it.When I finally bought the game on my 7th grade budget , I was in for a huge surprise . I did n't get out of the house for a long while some days . I kept at it steadily for a good two years off and on -LRB- I did n't play it all day every day , about once every week -RRB- until I met the final climax of the game . Sephiroth . Who could think of a better bad guy ? Mean , lean , and ... almost innocent ? Nah ... However , back to the point of this review . The one-star reviewers are giving this bad ratings because they 're eithera -RRB- jealous that this game gets better reviews than Chrono Cross , orb -RRB- they really just did n't find anything excellent about the game so they decide to cut the total rating down to size.the blaring five star reviewers on the other hand , have owned the game for two weeks , have been influenced by their video game pokemon friends that this is the best thing since sliced bread , and can not keep themselves contained and have to share the news with everyone else.what 's my opinion ? As if anyone cares , I 'd say there 's just as many pros as there are cons.Pros ? 1 -RRB- this game has an excellent story line.a -RRB- cloud strife has a missing piece from his past that he ca n't figure out , and he ca n't describe his feelings , visions , and dreams . On top of that , Sephiroth -LRB- the `` bad guy '' -RRB- constantly haunts his dreams and visions , and Cloud soon pieces it together , figuring it all out for himself.b -RRB- halfway through the game a character dies , which thickens up the plot immensely . Cloud had a personal and intimate relationship with this individual , and she was special , which eventually got her killed . Cloud is now burning with rage , hurt , and fear and is out after Sephiroth , the man who did this .2 -RRB- the excellent replay value.a -RRB- all of the secrets , hidden items , and powerful weapons - everywhere you look , there has got to be a hidden item , weapon , or treasure chest that you missed the time before . this makes the game very fun and interesting.b -RRB- the abundance of side quests and hidden missions - this also makes the game extremely interesting , and skyrockets the replay value , because chances are , unless you used a guide religiously , you will always find something new to explore the next time around .3 -RRB- the climatic ending story.a -RRB- now I 'm not going to spoil it for you , but the ending is worth all of the wait . though the graphics may not be as stunning as X-2 -LRB- see the con below -RRB- , the ending is rather ineteresting and keeps you at your toes.now , the cons :1 -RRB- The graphics.a -RRB- one major gripe about this game is the graphics . This is an overrated gripe in my opinion . The characters , though not as visually appealing as X-2 , are not as horrific as you 'd think . The characters are sculpted a bit rough , and do have some polygon `` issues '' , where their endpoints are n't covered up as well , but seriously , this gripe is just hot air . The pros make more than enough up for this one little error .2 -RRB- The gameplay.a -RRB- PS2 enthusiasts will tell you that this game takes years to load , the characters are extremely slow , and the replay value just plain out stinks . This , in my opinion , is also a very overrated comment as well . Final Fantasy VIII , FF7 's follower is definitely more visually appealing and moves faster than VII , but let 's face it -- the theme of the game is much better in FF7 . You 're not going to get XBox results on a Sony Playstation . It just does n't happen that way . It 's like telling gravity to release it 's pull . In ordinary cases , it would n't work .3 -RRB- You ca n't revive Aeris.a -RRB- Aww , now this breaks my heart . They give Final Fantasy VII a one star review because you ca n't bring a dead character back to life ? And even if Square allowed it to happen , you all would gripe about how that 's not `` realistic enough '' . You already gripe about when a character dies in battle , you can use an `` item '' or magic to bring them life , and that 's not realistic enough , what would you say when they opted for the choice to bring Aeris back?I realize I did attack some of the cons , but most of them are just hot air anyways . The same goes for the five star reviews that say `` ohh thiz game iz sooo awesom !!! i giev it fiev starz ! 11 ! 2 '' . You 're full of it too.Final Fantasy 7 , in a nutshell , is a great game if you have some spare time and feel like playing a good , solid , RPG . If you do n't like the shaky graphics , you 'll just have to live with it.This is one of the best games made for Playstation , in my humble opinion .
 This is possibly the most beautiful game in existence . WHO CARES ABOUT THE F&quot;@#ING GRAPHICS WHEN THEY 'RE 'S A GAME LIKE THIS BEHIND IT !!!! I 'm serious . It 's so beautiful . It makes my knees grow weak and my chin shiver at the mere thought of it . Just play it until you get onto the world map . Then you just might love it as much as I do . The only bad thing , besides not being able to cure world hunger -LRB- Okay , bad joke , but it potrays the magnitute of my point perfectly -RRB- , the snow boarding and submarine bits are CRAP , CRAP CRAP . BUT remember . You DO N'T have to play the minigames -LRB- except in the odd part -RRB- . But make sure you do the chocobo betting . AND RACING . It 's sometimes slow , but trust me - you 'll love it . The music was so touching to the point that it was unbelievably gorgeous . I actually love this game . It massages my very being into a state of euphoria . IT 'S SO GREAT . By all means though , get the other games if you see fit . I could n't . I knew they 're excellent , but I could n't bring myself to play them . For me , they just do n't compare to FF7 . The only other game I love this much is Pro Evoltion Soccer 3 . And for those who think I 'm a skinny nerd , you 're wrong . I play rugby -LRB- and an assortment of different sports -RRB- and quite frankly , I 'm excellent -LRB- Lately though I 've been suspended so I have ` nt been playing for a fair while , just thought i 'd let youz all know ;--RRB- .
 Where do i start ? There is so many amazing things about this game it goes beyond perfect . Although now it looks dated , i can assure u that i have yet to play a game that comes close to this , and i own xenogears , PE , PE2 and Final Fantasy 5,7,8,9 and 10 . I believe the ppl who rate this game with 1 star have n't played this game all the way thru and give up after an hour . I spent above 100 hours completing this game completely , doing everythin there is 2 do and go everywhere there is to go , and i really do believe that it opened my eyes to a new standard of gaming . If this game was retailing for $ 100 , i would still recommend it , its that good . If any1 has n't played this , and is just slightly interested in RPGs , buy it . I guarantee it will blow your mind .
 I have played and beaten every single Final Fantasy game ever made , having been hooked on the series since the original one came out on NES . This is , without a doubt in my mind , the best console RPG game I have ever played . The storyline is unlike anything I 've since seen in the FF series and though admittedly the graphics are no longer as amazing as they used to be , it 's playability is still 10 times greater than any of the Final Fantasy 's that have been produced since . Everything is so well integrated , from the battle engine to the magic system to special abilities , this games demands your full and undivided attention . There is clearly more thought and effort put into this game than in any FF game since . FF8 was a terrible dissapointment in comparison , graphics do not make an RPG game good , the storyline does . That 's why people play RPG 's , for the complicated storyline that requires hours of time . If all you want is flashy graphics and are n't very interested in depth of story , I 'd highly reccomend Dead Or Alive 3 for the XBOX . But if you are an RPG fan , this is the greatest game in the genre to date .
 Final Fantasy has long been the standard to which many games are held . It is a long-running series , remarkably long . And Final Fantasy VII is one of the best . Though such eye candies as FFX have come out , Final Fantasy VII 's appeal goes far beyond graphics . With an engaging storyline , character development far beyond that of any movie and on par with books , and a million and one ways to equip yourself , this game can provide over 100 hours of playing time . Add in the minigames , and you 're looking at 150 + hours . Though some games can now be beat in a matter of 15 or so hours -LRB- . hack series comes to mind -RRB- , Final Fantasy VII almost requires the player to become addicted.All in all , the great depth of storyline and the empathy that will develop with your favorite character , and the many ways to play makes Final Fantasy VII a benchmark RPG that will continue to bring in RPGamers and endear to longtime gamers for years to come .
 I have played all the other FF 's on the Nintendo system . This game is seriously addictive . I have yet to finish Disc 2 and I am already plotting my next go-round as I missed a character early in the game . I have to ration my exposure to this game . I never play for less than 5 hours at a time because I get so eager to see what happens next . I am a 42 year old female ! Who says you have to grow up !
 I am kinda new to playstation games and I had a -LSB- hard -RSB- time playing this at first then I could n't stop playing for a week . Now I am right before the last battle and I ca n't believe it . One thing bad about this game is that towards then end fighting can get a little tedious and very frustrating if you keep dying .
 I have old school before I played 7 and think that compared to other games it is easy . Do n't get me wrong I love these games , all of them :-RRB- -LRB- RPGs -RRB- . The materia system is to easy and the battles simple , but the game was worth the money and update -LRB- PC version -RRB- . I think that -LRB- I do n't want to spoil -RRB- the wall market part is to racey :-LRB- . There are more than enough good reasons to keep me hooked though ! The plot is totally twisted and edge of your seat exciting and that is one of the biggest parts of an RPG . I also absoultly adore the chocobos , I love the racing , breeding , training aspect -LRB- my favorite two things horse racing and video games -RRB- . Too sum this up it is definetle worth the money and a welcome addition to the FF seris
 I THOROUGHLY ENJOYED FFVII THE GRAPHICS , THE PLAY , THE CHARACTERS , THE VILLIAN , EVEN THE ATTEMPTS AT HUMOR AND THE PLOT . BUT , THE STORY BREAKS WERE EXASPERATING . IT 'S THE ONLY REASON I DO N'T GIVE 5 STARS . DEFINITELY , BUY THIS GAME . ONE OF THE BEST RPGS AROUND .
 Square ... . The greatest company EVER blesses us with Final Fantasy VI the best game EVER made by ANYONE ! period The best story EVER and an EXTREMELY cool villain in Sephiroth . Since it came out in 1997 , I 've played and beaten game maybe over 50 times . The plot is DEEP and will pull you in for good . People who think RPGs are boring MUST play this game .
 I thought the graphics and screen plays were very well made , but the story isny that great.In my opinion I would choose FF7 because it has a better story and a cool ending.I never saw the ending of FF8 , but I liked FF7 better than FF8.If I were you I would buy FF7 .
 This game was lacking in NO areas . I 've played every single Final Fantasy for all systems , and I can easily say that this one is the BEST ! -LRB- with ff6 following close behind -RRB-
 I am not joking when I say this is the best ever . The only game that rivals it is FFVI . This is the best Final Fantasy out of 5 , 6 , 7 , and 8 , the ones I have played . FF8 is too easy . If you are a newcomer to the Final Fantasy series , buy FF8 . if you want a hardcore , true game that redefines the phrase `` RpG '' , buy this .
 Final Fantasy VII is a very good game with lots of cool characters , mini games more that i am going to add in this review.The first thing id have to say about is the battle screen , the camera movement is very good and the limit breaks -LRB- a characters highet powered attack -RRB- man they look cool and so do the summons -LRB- monsters you can call into battle -RRB- and magic -LRB- magics cool to ! -RRB- . The story is the best Final fantasy story that i no of.If you are going to buy this game here is some things to now about the first boss , you 's as much bolt magic as you can ! and give all your potions to Cloud -LRB- your main character -RRB- you can get some potions from the gards at the trane -LRB- at the beginning of the game -RRB- . OHHHH ! , and dont give up !
 This game is by far the best game I 've ever played . The storyline is awesome . The battle graphics are very nice , but the normal game graphics are n't very good . The characters have very interesting pasts and goals . The emerald and ruby weapons are very cool . The final boss is a pushover , though . The ` summon ' command has a lot of variety .
 The game was one of the best games i have ever played.The graphics are wonderful.The FMVs make it look as good as a ps2 game.They are smoothe and look real.The music is fit for all the suituations in this game.The story is long.It begins when a mercenery joins a group of people called avalanche.These people look alot like hippes.They want to stop a rich corperation called shinra.As the story moves along it goes deeper and deeper into the past of the characters.The controls are again different but they are easy to handle .
 Final Fantasy 7 is a work of art . The best in the long series and a must for any rpg fans who do n't already have this game . The game brings you to a new world troubled by it 's new found effcient power-source which has resulted in an increase in monsters . But it 's other effects are n't yet visible to our hero , Cloud a mercenary who is hired by a resistance group to destroy this new form of energy . As the story progress ' you find out more about each character and the story becomes more complex with a new evil and old friend stirring things up . You have to get this game . Trust me !
 FFVII is a role playing game where your decisions during the game will effect the overall outcome of the game . You are in control of a character named Cloud , an ex member of the famed Soldier from Shinra Inc. . Cloud , along with a group of freedom fighters by the name of AVALANCHE , try to free the city of Midgar from the evil clutches of the president of Shinra Inc. . Along the way Cloud befriends a young flower girl , a scientific experiment specimen , a fortune teller , an assasin , a ninja , and an ex pilot who help him in freeing Midgar . But there is an even deeper evil at work here as Cloud and his friends discover that the greatest Soldier in the world , Sephiroth , plans to destroy the entire world . Now with the help of his newfound comrades , Cloud must face his teenage past , and face his teenage idol in a climatic battle for the freedom of the world and the destruction of evil.Final Fantasy VII introduces a new time based system for battle sequences . Instead of taking turns hitting each other , the time based system makes it so that you have to wait a specific amount of time to attack again . The world map lets you travel anywhere and do almost anything . With stunning cinematography and dazzling graphics , Final Fantasy VII is truly the cream of the crop and the best role playing game this world has ever seen.Bottom Line
 I can never stop playing this game . Me and my friend Josh got FFVII when we were about 5 , and me and Josh can never stop playing . Every time we 're bored , one of us says , `` What do you want to do ? '' and the other says , `` Let 's start a new game in Final Fantasy 7 . '' Ever since that day that I put the disk in the Playstation , my favorite game has been Final Fantasy 7 , and no game has ever come close to topping it on my favorite games list , and I dont think there ever will be a game to top it . Go ahead , look at it , rent it , buy it . I 'm serious . BUY IT NOW . Buy it , play it , and the second you put that game in the Playstation , you know your in for a wild ride . Take it from Josh and me , the Final Fantasy 7 masters , that this is an AWESOME , AWESOME , AWESOME , AWESOME game .
 FF VII is one of the greatest FF compared to FF 8 & FF 10 -LRB- though FF 10 is the best by far for F/X -RRB- . I know it 's hard for people to go back and play this game after the HUGE change over in FF 10 and Kingdom Hearts . This is a game that should have been played before the upgrade , though I can still play this game over and over even though I have played FF 10 because I 've fell in love with it years ago.Some parts of the plot are still confusing but when I played FF 8 I thought it was extremly slow , charaters under developed and music somber . What I 've noticed it people are either a huge fan of FF VII and not of FF X , or a fan of FF X and not of FF VII.I fall in the middle where I like both alot but for different reasons , YET FF VII is still by far the best ever and the story line of FF X does not even touch FF VII 's story line.Great music -LRB- not CD/symphony quality -RRB- Great CharactersGreat VilliansGreat Story lineNice graphics -LRB- no where near FF 10 -RRB- This is the only RPG I 've ever played that I almost cried .
 THIS GAME HAS ONE OF THE BEST RPG STORY EVER AND I HAVE MOSTLY ALL OF THE FINAL FANTASY GAMES . THIS GAMES SHOULD BE GIVEN A MEDAL FOR BEING SUCH A GREAT RPG STORY !!!!! ONCE YOU HAVE BEAT THIS GAMES YOU WILL BE SO HAPPY . WHEN YOU BUY THIS GAMES BE SURE TO BUY THE OFFICAL FINAL FANTASY VII GUIDE TO LEARN HOW TO GET THE ULTIMATE `` NIGHTS OF THE ROUND `` AFTER BEATING THIS GAMES THE ONLY THING YOU COULD SAY IS GREAT BECOUSE IT HAS A GREAT RPG STORY .
 Although the graphics arent as good as one would expect , the characters are very well done . Espeically Sephiroth , he seems to be the very essence of evil with the tricks he pulls of in the game . Many of the mini games are great my only beef with the mini games is that they should of amde the mini-battle game available in the Golden Saucer , also why didnt they put in real voices in the end instead of a postscript ? This was probably to save money so Square wouldnt have to hire voice actors . Although the plot veers off track at times and a few of the program quirks are noticable this games still enjoyable and has a well written story .
 That 's what you 'll say if you ever bump into anyone who was involved in making this gem . This game 's reach and influence went beyond the genre . It was the first RPG I can think of that went full mainstream and introduced thousands to the genre and kept them wanting more . The story gets you so involved , it 's amazing . It 's absobing like a novel you ca n't put down . Not only is it a quest to save the planet but it is a quest for truth about a clouded past and gaining the strength to fight for what you love .
 Do n't give me that whiny stuff about the `` grafics '' not being good so you wo n't play it . This game is an awesome RPG and may only be surpassed maybe by FFX . I did not have a Playstation but I did have an N64 so I was deprived of FF until I purchased a PS2 . That 's when I started to play FF since I had seen my friends playing them . I have to say that FF7 is one of the greatest RPGs I have played . The story is truley epic and Sephiroth is the coolest villain . And for you unbelievers , `` grafics '' do n't make the game , gameplay does and this game surely delivers .
 Even though the graphics are n't great and everybody talks crap about it now , when it first came out it blew everything away.My friend and I also have played for over a thousand hours and know EVERTHING there is know about this game . At first its tricky , but you get used to it . The only down-fall , I think , is the way the Materia works but the Master-Materia lower the pain , but I still get goosebumps everytime I see the opening movie . My all time favorite game .
 SUCH AN AMAZING GAME , GREAT STORYLINE AND SO MANY SIDE AREAS YOU 'LL GO CRAZY BUY THIS GAME NOW !!!!!
 After you play this game you will only go downhill in your gameing career , this is the first game i ever played and loved , and probably the last .
 Wow its been a while since i last played this game its been about 4 years but the memories i had with it were so precious i loved getting totally involved with the great story i never beat the game but i did enjoy the game for what i played of it classic game must get for such a cheap price
 Back when I was 19 , I bought this game when it had already become a greatest hit . Having been told that it was an awesome game , I had high expectations ... little did I know I would have no life for the next few months . It might not be the best in any individual catergory , except for maybe music , but overall the game was amazing . And I hear people saying how much better games look and sound now and yes that is true , but FF7 was years ahead of its time and for those who got to play it when it was fairly new , they understand how awesome this game was . I dont think any other game will have such an impact on gamers as FF7 had in its time .
 thiz game roxorxs get it now while you still can cause it is the best game evar!cloud is so cool and aeris just rocks and red therteen ho could forgit about him1?defintly the best game 4 the play station . get it now !
 Final Fantasy is the most popular game in Japanese RPG game . The popularity is devide to Dragon Questo -LRB- warrior -RRB- in half . Final Fantasy1 is the work more than 10 years ago . The hard system was Nintendo Family computer these days . And in Final Fantasy 4 the hard changed to Super Family computer . In this Final 7 the hard changed to Play station . As my title , the hard spec extended very much by changed from Supaer famicon to Play station . Concletely the soft system changed from casette to CDROM . For that , the garafic and sound etc got to be very real . the difference of Final6-7 was remarkable more than other title of Final series.The most remakable difference was the changing from 2D to 3D . I memorized the first moving when I played Final7.Thank you for reading poor English .
 This could quite possibly be the best game I have ever played . I have played all of the Final Fantasies and this has struck me as further superior to the others . Once you start playing it , there is no stopping because of the plot line that hooks you from the beginning . The battle sequences the music , all of it has a very unique way of changing your emotions so that all you are able to think about is the game . You become apart of the adventure as you play . Over the length of three discs you will become attatched to all of the characters and it is all worthwhile to see the end . If you are in question of which two games to play . Play Final Fantasy VII twice .
 I borrowed this game from a friend and it wasAWSOME !!!!!!! It has all the stuff I liked.I dont get how people are dissing this game for its graphics!HELLO YOU IDIOTS IT WAS MADE IN 1997 !!!! It was made along time ago but for that time the graphics aretop notch . The game is 3 disk andenjoyable for all.Get the game !!!
 Not the best FF but a turning point in the series .
 certainly as it is the first rpg to come out on playstation , the graphics are n't stellar ... this being true in terms of story , those who play it out all the way will seriously be impressed . . i recommend it to all out there ... after having played FF VII , VIII , IX , and X , I have to say that this is the best -LRB- all criteria taken into account -RRB- yet . Try my word .
 Final Fantasy 7 brought a brand new battle system by using materia . It made all gamers want to play it over and over again . While some battles can be tough the game is magificent . The additon of the tough American Monsters gives even the best RPG gamer a hard time . If there was one thing I would have asked for about the game I would have wanted to be able to play has Sephiroth . Just looking at him its a wonder you could beat him . -LRB- Unless you have Knights of the Round -RRB- The game is good and I would reccomend it to every RPG gamer out there .
 This game is definitly the most intriguing and non-stopable game of all the FF series and RPG 's . For the Playstation , the graphics are solid with including the CG 's . Nice smooth textures , yet the characters could have been better dew to their blockiness . The battle system is unique in its own way with being probably better than all the other FF 's . The characters are just amazing . With Cloud being the main character and then later meeting Barret , Tifa , Aeris , Red X111 , Yuffie , Cait Sith , and Vincent . They all are very usable in battles with each having their own `` limit '' . Some parts are even depressing and emotional which you should find out when you play the game . Sephiroth , the main villan , is THE best villan in any game ever made . With his bad-a $ $ attitude and long wicked sword , could take on any villan :D . The spells and summons are excellent with more than enough spells to learn and a great variety of summons . The story line is very well done . It consists of two objectives . Put an end to Shinra and save the earth from Sephiroth casting Metoer . The music in this game is simply gorgeous with being the best in any FF series and probably the best in any game from what I played so far . Hey , what can I say , Nobuo Uematsu is a genius . If Square were to re-make this game for PS2 , which I 'm hoping they will , I can say that it will be the # 1 game in the world considering Final Fantasy became popular when friggen FFX came out . So hopefully they will :D ! All in all , this is definitly recommended to any RPG and non-RPG fan that is willing to put at least 30 hours into this game -LRB- 8 .
 This game is simply amazing . The graphics are preatty horriblebut get over it . It has a very in depth story line that is freaknamazing , it has a very large world map , great turn-based combatsystem and it 's long -LRB- i 'm a preatty hardcore gamer and it took me53 hours -RRB- . Buy this if you can get your hands on one
 This is a very long game with a very intriguing story . The side quests and minigames gives it a huge replay value . It 's also got some truly amazing graphics .
 this is definatly the best game ever.forget all the other RPG 's youve played in the past . this game easily is a one hit wounder . this is one game thats better thn Final Fantasy VIII.i would give this game 1,000,000,000,000 stars if i could but cant . there is only one mistake the made . ITS TOOO SHORT . when you beat it - if you beat it youll just start it again the minute after . the graphics are like a 3D version of japaneese anime.its more than worthwhile its gon na be your whole life for 80 hours more or less depending on what you do . the best Seceret Characters Vincent and Yuffie are helpful to have . the story is perfect.it goes from a mission to a freakin life saving war for destroying a mad man . Sephiroth is the ultimate `` villlan '' but he is just being manipulated by Hojo . just grab a bag of chips couple of drinks and a bed and definately a big screen tv with surroundsound and plan to be there for your life . i recommend this to new rpg fans . itll break you in nice and `` slow '' . a unique rpg is what we needed and we got it .
 This game is the best game of all time . Even after you beat it you will want to play again . The story is enthralling . This is an interactive novel which you will want to read over and over again .
 This is by far the best game I have ever played and they should make this # 1 on the top 10 list . I 'd like to see it there no matter what the cost . I myself call this the ultimate game . On a scale from 1 to 10 I 'd give it an 11 .
 Whenever I 'm asked what my favorite game of all time is , the answer is always rather clear
 Wonderful , this game is just wonderful ... Still the best RPG around . No other game can compete to this game . Final Fantasy VII is the ultimate RPG ...
 You know , Squaresoft always seems to surprise you . Once you think the Final Fantasy saga is getting repetitive , it is introduced to Playstation , and becomes and instant PSX fan favorite . `` Final Fantasy VII '' is still my favorite of the FF saga , and will always be such . I never had so much fun playing a video game of any genre until this game came out . I was one of the first to own it.Listen to me when I say that you must -- MUST -- purchase this game . It 's the best game I 've ever played . And it is closely followed by it 's lineage successor , `` Final Fantasy X. ''
 Sephiroth , the main villian of the game , is probably the best-dressed villian in a FF game . Also , he has the most sinister theme of any villian in any game . Everything about Sephiroth is sinister.You play Cloud , a man from the small city of Nibelheim -LRB- sounds like a city in Germany -RRB- . Cloud works for AVALANCHE , a terrorist group that 's fighting against the evil Shirna , Inc. . As the game unfolds , you learn that Shirna , Inc does far more evil than AVALANCHE does . Shirna , Inc knows no end to its evil.One of the best games for the ps1 !
 Great game this game hs great graphics and is very adicticing and fun this is 4 stars not 5 stars because this game is hard to play but you need the guide or else it is inpossible . oerall it is a gratgame
 Simply put , this game is the best ever made . The combination of storyline and character development drags you in and invests you in the outcome . The game dynamic is fun and simple . I first played this game when I was 12 , and now , ten years later , I still play it every now and then .
 I have played this game over and over again . It never loses its touch . Truely the game of the century .
 This is the longest RPG game I 've ever played . It 's around 60 hrs for first time players , but can get up to 80-100 hrs . if you feel like accomplishing everything . Good story , graphics were pretty good for the PSX for its time , battle system is good -LRB- materia was very innovative -RRB- . If you can get your hands on the UNOFFICIAL strategy guide go for it .
 This was my very first Final Fantasy game ! It has tons of replay value ! I love the battle system in this game . The materia was a great idea as well . Although I enjoyed FF8 much better than this one , it 's still a great classic!I just do n't understand why people are selling it for so much money when it can be currently downloaded at the Playstation Store for $ 9.99 !
 The overall gameplay works fine but there have been minor lagging in cutscenes overall I am pleased with this game and it 's one of the best games ever created you should definently check this one out if your a FF fan .
 Even though the Final Fantasy series was already incredibly popular in Japan , before this game was released in the United States RPGs were not quite as well known as other kinds of games . Final Fantasy 7 , the first Final Fantasy on the Playstation and to use 3D graphics , changed everything about the console RPG genre . Even though people will have differing opinions about the enjoyability of this game , no serious gamer would deny the tremendous influence Final Fantasy 7 has had on videogaming.By today 's standards , the graphics in this game are quite primitive , but at the time they were absolutely amazing . The 2D backgrounds are still great to look at today , as well . The music in this game is also great , despite the rather limited selection of sounds Nobou Uematsu had at his disposal . Of particular note is the song that plays during the final boss encounter , `` One Winged Angel '' , which is still beloved by Final Fantasy fans today.Despite the move from 2D to 3D , the gameplay in Final Fantasy 7 is similar to the previous six Final Fantasy games . As you control your character on an overworld map , you encounter random mobs which you fight in an `` active time battle '' system . The magic system , based on `` materia '' , is new and just complicated enough to provide some strategic depth without overwhelming new players . Playing through the main story is not particularly challenging -LRB- some bosses may require a few tries -RRB- , but there are extensive side quests available at the end of the game , some of which are very involved and difficult without a solid strategy.However , the main attraction of this game is the story . Anyone who has played through the game will remember Cloud , his friends , and the enigmatic Sephiroth , who are still iconic figures in the game world . -LRB- That Square-Enix still releases games and movies based on the FF7 world helps , no doubt . -RRB- The plot is quite strange and frequently confusing , but in its essentials it worked for me . The translation could have used some more polish , but is of good enough quality as to not distract from the rest of the game.If there are people studying the history of video games fifty years from now , there is little doubt that Final Fantasy 7 would be one of the games they would look at , since it is probably the most influential console RPG ever . If you have n't played this game yet and have any interest in RPGs , at all , you should try to find a copy of this game and play it . If only Square-Enix would re-make this game for the PS3 !
 This game is EXCELLENT ! Even more so for beginners or people who 've never played a Final Fantasy game before ! The battle system is pretty easy and the equipment and command systems are n't hard to get either . The storyline is deep and memorable too , which is DEFINITELY a plus ! You definitely wo n't regret picking this game up !
 I loved this game so much . Unfortunately I never beat it . I was about 24 hours into it when my memory card failed , and that was just too much time to put back into it . Played it during the summer and it brings back good memories . Hopefully they rerelease an updated version for the PS3 someday .
 My 21 year old plays this so I do n't know anything to say except she loves it , as does my wife .
 I heard people say this game sucks because they say the story is stupid , but they do n't understand how good of a game this was in its time , it was a masterpiece and if you can find a place to buy it from DO NOT resell it this game will be hard to find in the future so its only good to buy it and keep it as a collectors item !
 Honestly-i dont know why there are any bad reviews in here . If graphics are the reason-then the ratings are way too shallow-because this game has a lot to offer . Basically , So much stuff happens in this game ... The story is great ... The challenges are everywhere , And its just fun destroying a company and trying to stop a meteor from hitting the earth . This game is amazing , and is a must have for ... everyone .
 the graphics suck what do u excpet it is playstation . the fmvs are great . this is the best playstation game ever .
 Final Fantasy 7 is possibly the best game ever made . But there are a few things to take into consideration the grafics arent the best seing as it was made in 1990 or1997 -LRB- I really dont know -RRB- but this is one of the best games I 've ever played and I 've been playing games since I was two !! You start as Cloud an ex-member of a group called Soldier and has joined the terrorist group called Avalanch . As the story goes on you find out that there is a lot more to fight against than a power hungry company called Shinra who is sucking the life energy of the planet and end up fighting a much bigger threat to the planet . The characters are extremely cool and everyone can relate to at least one . The cinemas are put together beutifully to give the impression of a much more modern game.When out of battle all the characters assume a polygon type form but while in battle they look soooo much mor impressive . The music constantly changes and adds a certain mood to the story.If you manage to get past its few bad qualities wich only mediocre gamers would hold against it you will be addicted to this game and unable to put it down.It 's worth every penny .
 This is arguably the best FF game ever . The plot is real mysterious and intense . It came out in 1997 , and people are STILL speculating who the main bad guy is ! The characters develop well , and the CGs are pretty good as well .
 Final Fantasy 7 is a complex rpg that could use a great imagination -LRB- with out the guide book -RRB- . You can not get bored with it unless you do n't know what to do . The story goes that Cloud Strife is taken out of SOLDIER and joins a group called AVALANCHE . Together they try to save the planet from the evil clutches of Sepiroth . As Cloud , Tifa , and Barret move on into the journey they meet other allies to save the world . This RPG is one of the best ones ever made .
 Other reviews have stated all the obvious good stuff about the game . What is most fascinating about it is how it spread and how the story worked . The game did n't sell as a smash hit at first but rather sold very slowly in America . but as word got around , the game became very popular . The game sold because of how engaging it is , just as all other Final Fantasies do . What sets 7 apart was the story.Beware a spoilerThe major complaint people have about FF7 is the story . Why did she have to die , and why ca n't I bring her back , are the major problems people have with the game . This is actually what sets FF7 apart . The fact that she dies and ca n't come back . It adds a terrific literary twist to the story that you only see in decent literature . If she came back in the end , then the whole story would turn into the same overly romantic and happy trash you find in most games . The death of Aeris is a necessary and important part of the story.Other than that , revolutionary for psone graphics , fun materia system , and cloud 's huge sword is awesome . Buy this game and live it .
 I love the story in this game , the battle system , music , just everything about this game is good -LRB- yes the graphics are are bad but i dont care because its the first 3-d one they did and second its an old game -RRB- so i would just like to say by this game you will spend hours playing it .
 Great game , icreible graphics and the best rpg in the world
 This game blew me away when I first bought it . It 's one of the best Final Fantasy games out there . The graphics are n't great , but you should mostly enjoy the storyline , not how it looks.The story begins when Cloud Strife , a teenager who joined a secret organization known as AVALANCHE , tries to help destroy huge machines called Mako Reactors , which suck the planet 's life energy away in order for electricity to exist in Midgar -LRB- a city -RRB- . Oh , and as for the evil man who 's behind this deed ? President Shinra . It was the president of Midgar who built the reactors , and now , it 's up to Cloud , Tifa , Barret , and the rest of AVALANCHE to bring Shin-ra co. down.But after Cloud meets an old `` friend '' from long ago , the story quickly takes an unexpected twist ... In this game , you 'll experience many different emotions for the characters , you 'll fight hideously powerful bosses , find two secret characters , even breed Chocobos like you could in previous Final Fantasy games ! And do n't forget that you can even enter them in races as well ! There are just so many more reasons to call this game classic , so I recommend you find it and have huge loads of fun !
 That is a quote from the back of the jewel but I wasnt quite sure to believe it . I saw it in stores 5 years ago , had heard all of the hype and figured I 'd spend the 50 bucks to get it . It was one of the best 50 I have ever spent . Now wait a sec , dont think this review is just biased raving claiming this to be the best game ever of all time and for the rest of time . While at this point I would like to say that , I realize that saying it wouldnt help much , so I 'll focus on the actual game.Okay , so it is from 1997 , and it is currently 2003 . That makes this game 6 years old . The graphics have to be pretty bad , right ? Wrong . While the realtime graphics do n't compare to current games , the cutscenes are FANTASTIC . Really , they are beautiful . Lots of games have the power to make great graphics , and they do , but these are put together like a movie in that the camera angles are great , the render engine is stunning , and not to mention the scene layouts are incredible . Some of the really great cut scenes dont come until later in the game , but you wont be bored during the wait . That brings me to the next subject . The gameplay is very well executed . It is a turn-based rpg , which means battles are seperate from when you walk around and such . Your moves are executed in the ATB -LRB- active time battle -RRB- system where you dont wait your turn , but rather a time meter fills up that determines when you attack , defend , cast a spell , etc. . There are several characters , you can cycle between who is in your party at most times and they each have their own strengths and weaknesses . Skill is aquired by gaining experience points and leveling up . You can also get better armor , shields , weapons , etc. . Apart from the battle system , there is the final fantasy unique ` world map ' . It means that instead of having levels/stages/boards , you can explore , gain experience and level up , etc. by going wherever you want on , literally , an entire planet . Although the storyline restricts this at certain times.Okay , so now that we have the graphics stuff out of the way , let 's move on to the story . In my opinion , the story is the best part of the game . If no other part of this game remains the best for all time , then the story will . I truly believe that this is the best storyline EVER in a game . Although it is slightly cliched , I will say that it is a touching but exciting story about love and hate , good and evil , the horrible effects of an evil corporation 's technological expansion killing the planet , and very ORIGINAL story points that , unfortunately , trying to explain could very well ruin the game for you . You 're just gon na have to spend the 50 to find out . I would pay 100 if I knew how great it was gon na be.Finally , the music score . For a video game , this is unbelievable . FFVII pulled the game industry out of the horrible pit of MIDI blip sounds and other bad music , with a HUGE bound . The soundtrack is huge , every single song from the opening menu to the ending credits 70 hours later is absolutely incredible and I would venture to say epic . Each one is wonderfully written , ranging from lighthearted and happy to melancholy and sad to powerful cut scene tracks -LRB- If you like them enough , they have an 80 + track soundtrack available -RRB- . I could go on forever about how great all of these things are , but I imagine that the review readers would n't appreciate that , so I will cut the rest short.This game was stunning in 1997 , and it is stunning in 2003 . It is like no other game I have ever played , and is definately for a more mature crowd , as some kids would n't understand the plot , and some of the themes/language might not be very appropriate for kids . I am not kid bashing here . Some can understand it , but it is all maturity level that counts , not age . Just use discretion.As for weak points , good luck finding any , because I sure have n't . Well , I hope my review has helped you make a better choice . But for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- ? Come on , give it a try . You will at least be somewhat entertained for the 60 or 70 hours it takes to play all 3 discs . Happy gaming !
 The absolutely BEST video game I have ever played . As a small-time gamer , I love this game . To some people , this game has gotten old , however , to me it is a game that changed the face of games to come.There is nothing quite like this game , and even though the Final Fantasy idea had been around quite a while , this was Final Fantasy with a modern feel.I recommend this game to all gamers , old Final Fantasy fans , and newer Final Fantasy fans who have only played 8 or 9 . This game has the best video game bad guy ever . This is what made me fall in love with this game . Sephiroth is great ! He is so complex , he reads like a soap opera -LRB- sorry , I could n't think of anything else -RRB- . His story is so great , that it 's hard not to see him as the main character , and not Cloud , the actual main character.This game is not for young kids -LRB- although I 'm sure they would like it -RRB- . There is a few moments in the game that parents may dislike . However , those moments are small , and make the game that much greater.This is my favorite game for Playstation , and my favorite game overall -LRB- over Zelda for SNES , Metal Gear Solid , FF9 , both Zelda 's for NES , and Startropics for NES -RRB-
 This game Rocks ! I bought and hac = ve been playing this game for five hours straight . In this game , you take on the role of a young man named cloud . The objective of this game is to save the world from Shinra headquarters who are draining the life out of the planet you are on . Later on in the game , you find new characters to join your party and face new enemy 's besides the Shinra headquarters . I truly Reccomend this game to all of you people who love RPG 's . Remember , this game rocks ! : - -RRB-
 It took me over 80 hours to beat this game and it was definitly worth it!By far my favorite characters are Barret and Sephiroth . The game 's movie sequences were absolutely wonderful.I would recommend this game to all Playstation owners -LRB- RPG fans or not ! -RRB- It was a truly breathtaking experience !
 upon buying this game , i thought `` o well , ill just waste my money on some stupid video game '' but when i got home and started to play , it changed my life as i knew it ... I couldnt stop playing this game . when my mom called me down , i said the infamous `` just a minute '' and when my friends called , i said i had chores to do . any way , now to the big cheese.as far as gameplay goes , this game gets the gold medal for numerous reasons
 This game , to me , happens to be the best game ever made . Although the graphics are that great for these times , they were good about 4 years ago . This game has an excelent story line , which is put together very completely and well-done . Everything makes sense . Although it might be complicated to younger gamers , it is very well-done for the older generation . The Materia system was thought up very nicely and the characters are full of imagination.Not only did this game bring the pleasure of playing it to me , it also brought me to know my best friend because he thinks this game is the best as well .
 Final Fantasy VII is the definition of an epic . It is grand , but personal , sad and happy , a true experience often relegated to other fantastic works of art . FF7 is a must . It 's worth buying the Playstation for , and could probably serve as the only game in your collection . Do yourself a favor and buy this .
 This is the greatest game ever . It is that simple . It has an amazing plot , it has like-able charecters , and the bad guy is a real SOB . The battles are n't as fast paced as FF VIII , but they are n't as annoying either because the levels actually mean something . I beat this game about a year or so ago and I 'm thinking about playing it again because it is amazing . Even if you do n't like RPG 's or even video games period , buy this game . It 's sort of like playing the charecters in a book .
 Final Fantasy VII is a one of a kind RPG . Besides a few kinks , it is one of the best RPGs ever made . It continues to be the model and inspiration for many other RPGs . Hironobu Sakeguchi , the main programmer , has made a masterpiece that will last for years to come.The first thing to comment is the graphics . They are wonderful . The rednered backgrounds are highly detailed and realistic . On the negative end , the super-deformed characters of the game stand out from the environments . The only cases in which the characters are proportunate and detailed are either in battles or in movies . The storyline is unique . Hironobu Sakaguchi has done a great job in meshing the characters ' storylines into one . Each character has their own unique storyline . The storyline is complex and allows the player to do many mini activities such as raising chocoboos and racing them . The gamplay is unlike any that one has ever seen in an RPG . The gameplay is involving and not too linear . The battles are fierce and complex . Sakeguchi now challenges the player 's strength and wit . He tests their wit by making the player chase a man in a maze . He test the player 's strength by introducing Weapon Monsters that have incredible amounts of HP and strength . The minigames include snowboarding , arm wrestling , basketball , a motercycle chase , and a submarine adventure . The best part about the gameplay is that unlike any other CD game Final Fantasy VII has no load time during movies and battles . The music , to comment , surpasses that of its predecessors . I like how Nobuo Uematsu , the composer , made the music more cinematic . He also changed the fanfare music . Uematsu really did a great job when when he used `` One Winged Angel , '' which is to say , probably the best final boss music ever in a video game . The music enhances the experience . Final Fantasy VII is a breathtaking RPG that takes a long time to become good at playing . Its unique characters and involving storyline are enhanced with incredible graphics . Overall , on a scale of 1 to 5 , I would give it a 4.6 .
 This is the best video game ever made . Buy it . Buy it now . I do n't care if you hate video games . Buy it .
 Final Fantasy 7 is one of the greatest playstation games . It is better than Final Fantasy 8 because of its story . Final Fantasy is a great time if you are looking for something that will keep you happy till you get a playstation 2 . This game is one of the best .
 Still just as fun as they were in the 80 's . These are some of the best 2600 Titles , and the best part is , you do n't need that cluckly system to play them !
 Well this game is pretty good . It is voice animated and the graphics arent that bad . When you win each time you get the same person with a differnt outfit ! This gam is very fun but if you want something more challenging game then I suggest the Street Fighter series.-Victoria Avalon + Sakura Avalon
 This game was great ... lots of special moves and great detail in the graphics . I have played alot of Playstation fighting games and my wife and I both agree , Evil Zone is a winner !
 Not bad . Graphics are Awful and the dubing isnt very smooth . I like the magic you can use . Someone needs to invent a telecanetic game . That would be cool .
 Great game . I got it from a friend , cause she said , it bored her . I loved it . Great music , keeps you wanting to play til ' the very end .
 THIS GAME HAS IT 'S UP 'S & DOWNS . THE GRAPHICS ARE EXCELLENT , THE GAME IS VERY CHALLENGING , AND IT 'S SIMPLE AND JUST ABOUT ANYBODY CAN PLAY IT . IT 'S SIMILAR TO TEKEN I , II , III , AS WELL AS FIGHTERS DESTINY AND DEAD OR ALIVE . IT 'S GREAT FOR ANY ONE WHO LIKES FIGHTING GAMES.I WOULD LIKE TO MENTION ON THE PS2 SYSTEM IT HELPS THE GRAPHICS A LOT BETTER !
 This game is the best PSX I have . Its graphics are ok . Only 4 stars there . The story is confusing . Since it is a Japanese game , the dubbing is horrible . It 's like a 70 's kung fu film . The rest is PERFECT . The characters are excelent , and their attacks are better . I just love the music . While story mode battles are loading , the characters talk and keep you amused as appose to the boring ` now loaing ' screen . Overall five stars for Evil Zone , one of the bes games I ever had .
 When I bought this game and watched the opening anime I knew the game was worth every penny.This game is sort of like dragonballgt final bout with the fighting and going through 8 fighters and your own clone to get to Ihadurca.This is the second best fighting game I 've come across and believe I 've played a lot of them.The only problem is the dubbing need a little improvement .
 This game is surprisingly addictive -- the combination of characters with their manifold tag lines -LRB- Danziver 's mantra , `` I 'm not easy '' cracks me up whenever I hear it -RRB- make this fairly simple game a lot of fun . Setsuna is my favorite character , although I have lately taken to Kakurine , too . It 's challenging enough to remain entertaining , and is a really good game to play against another human -LRB- since the computer gets a little easy after awhile -RRB- . Very colorful , great attacks , goofy anime soundtrack and voices -- deliciously incoherent .
 My husband and I had a lot of fun with this game . Each fighter has so many different fighting techniques . Good background music and sounds from the fighters as they are attacking and getting attacked .
 Evil zone is a game on the first generation Playstation console . This action game has a precise game-play with revolutionary graphics of the time . Each character of the game has their own style and story connecting to one final matter , confronting evil proved worthy the wait to take on all the players . This game has a very few characters to choose from , but this can not stop the gamers from taking on the challenge face on.Their are some simple combos and a couple of powers ranging from short to long range magical , biological and fictional powers . Game utilizes every bit of the console hardware and proved worthy of its name `` Evil Zone '' . A lot of gamers can find their challenge in the game.Even though the game is short , this game will push the gamers to its limits and creates an interest to play with all the characters available in game . It may be guardian angel , a sadist sword , some sacred ritual papers or even galactic beam from a remote satellite , what ever the weapon is there is a challenge for every gamer . The fun actually starts with challenging a friend just like arcade style . This game is an addictive multiplayer arcade which is fun to challenge the friends to a battle like all other arcade games of the era.The impressive and immersive features of Evil Zone made this a gem of its kind .
 While the case was cracked , the game runs beautifully . I would liked to have know that the game did not come in original packaging , but it works with no glitches .
 the controls are basicly the triangle button and the square button you use the directional pad to move and the triangle button to attack , its fantastic how you can easily pull off moves and soecials just by hitting tirangle and specific directions of the directional pad -LRB- basicly up down left and right -RRB- this is one of the best fighting games ever . oh and i love the anime style and the story mode they crack me up
 I remember seeing commercials for this game and it looks absolutely crazy . Tekken 3 had come out about the same time as well so there was some up and downs regarding graphic impact on its execution ... but for what it did n't have as Tekken , it made up for being one of the most interesting gaming experiences I 'd faced in any fighting game.It 's kind of hard to describe what the fighting style for this game is like except ... that it 's Evil Zone!Unique , original , practically a breath of fresh air and always a blast to play as far as I can remember . I actually lost my copy some time ago and I wholly regret having done that ... I might just have to repurchase this game again because next to the original Guilty Gear game on PSX , Evil Zone comes a dead serious second in fighting games on the PSX and is a golden classic , a cult classic , but still a classic!Now my only question is ... when will this game be given a second chance in the gaming rinc for some nextgen revamp ?!
 This movie was the last of its kind and the final one with TNG crew . If your a die hard Trekkie , and have a psp , This must go into your collect . Live Long and Prosper
 For those of you that do n't know , this game is based on the classic literary tale from the 80 's . Named after a bunch of dead artist dudes , the foursome came togeter to fight crime . They 're the world 's most fearsome fighting teens . They 're heroes in a half shell and they 're green . When the evil Shredder attacks , these turtles boys do n't cut him no slack . Splinter taught them to be ninja teens -LRB- he 's a radical rat -RRB- Leonardo leads , Donatello does machines -LRB- that 's a fact chap -RRB- Raphael is cool but crude , -LRB- gim me ' a break -RRB- Michaelangelo is a party dude -LRB- Hurray !! -RRB- Let 's hope the game features the hit song , Ninja Rap by the lengandary Vanilla Ice . Then I would be happy .
 This game has the touch of the old TMNT we loved back in the day . But now , its more than button mashing because the turtles have combos and whatnot . Sadly , there are no levels where you ride on skateboards and stuff , but the amount of unlockables makes up for it . If you love a good `` beat-em up '' game , then this one is for you . TURTLE POWER !
 I remember the nintendo entertainment system when it was in its glory days , it had some of the best beat 'em up games from double dragon and the TMNT series . When they were planning to release a TMNT game for the new generation consoles I cringed , only because it has been so long since Konami released a TMNT game and since most games on XBox were simulation and first person shooter or the GTA design I was n't sure if TMNT would hold up . When i started playing it for ps2 at a local wal mart I liked it a lot , I got it for XBox and it is amazing , it has that good ol' feel of the beat 'em up games I remember playing and loving on NES back in the good ol' days when I was 7 and 8 . anyways , if you like old school games I HIGHLY consider this .
 Ok games are supposed to fit the category they are placed under . TMNT is a Beat em up and its one of the few games that actually lives up to the category assigned . The point of a Beat em up is TO BEAT CHARACTERS UP and thats all you do in TMNT thank god . Unlike stuff like God of War and many FPSs coming out now a days . Where the game is categorized as Hack and Slash or First Person Shooter and half the time you are solving puzzles . If I wanted to play games in which solving puzzles was a big deal then I would play puzzle games !!!! Not jam puzzles into Action and First Person Shooter gamers where sometimes when you do nt know what to do you end up wasting valuable time , and is some cases might throw ur Xbox or Play Station controller into the TV out of frustration . For me good games are what let you do what you want to do , not add in stuff of their own which goes out of category just to act all smart . Call of Duty 4 is probably one of the few FPSs out there that can be classified as an FPSs and not some diluted hybrid . Mind you TMNT also has its fair share of challenge on occasions .
 Ok , Im a big fan of the Ninja Turtles , but im gon na try to be fair here.The graphics are awesome . Its cel shaded , which suits this game completely . The music is good , but the voices get annoying since the character repeats the same line over and over , but i got used to it . . some people wont . The controls are pretty simple to learn . after 15-30 minutes youll know what youre doing . You could get thru alot of the game being cheap and just pushing the A-button repeatedly . . but you can do some pretty cool moves using combos . The most annoying thing is that in order to save your progress you have to beat an entire area , which consists of about 5-6 shorter stages . So , say you lose on stage 5 , you have to start that area over again . To save all your hard work , you need to spend about 30-45 minutes to beat all the stages in the area . Now the major thing that gets complaints is that there is only 2 player . . when most people expect 4 for this game . Well , the reason i think this is only 2 player is because of the PS2 . This game was made for all 3 systems , so that hurt it slightly . Ive mentioned alot of flaws in this game . . so how bout some good things . Well , its amazingly fun if youre a fan of TMNT , and even if youre not . There is a verus mode , where you can fight a friend , and you can unlock some really cool characters in Vs mode . If you enjoy beating the shell out of endless streams of evil ninjas and thugs , youll love this game . And to tie the storyline together , they put in scenes from the new cartoon , which i found really cool . I bought this game before i played it , but i would recommend that unless youre a hardcore fan , you should rent this game first .
 after hearing all the previews , and watching all the trailers i have to say the game looks great . the graphics are cartoony and thats what makes them really cool . the camara angles i saw were great . no mess up cams like in resident evil or batman dark tommaorw . so the games great plays great but theres only one thing that would make me give this a 5 of 5 is the lack of mutiplayers . there will only be 2 people it the maxs playing at once . boogus ! so let hope there will be some xbox live thing .
 I really do n't want to feel like I wasted money on this game for my 5 year old son . We are stuck . Please can someone tell me how to get past the Diesel Parts section -LRB- yes , its right at the beginning and i am embarrassed -RRB- ? I keep getting stuck on the part where Sponge flips a switch to floor where there are wrenches . Than he passes his pineapple house and you see the steam comming out of the floor with a bridge on the other side that has to be lowered . It looks like you have to turn the dial thats up on another level you can bounce to . But it is greyed out . Theres also a suit you can get from the garbage can next to his house , but you just blow up into a ball . What am I suppose to do here ? Please I 've tried looking everywhere for a solution , anyone help out ?
 This game passed by pretty quickly , but on the other hand it was really fun .
 I thought this game was going to be bad at first because of the stylus control , but it ended up being very fun . Not as good as the last game , The Yellow Avenger , but it 's still a great game .
 Spongebob Squarepants Creature from the Krusty Krab game for Nintendo DS is a very good game for beginners . Easy for my toddler to navigate through the screens . Moving Spongebob with the stylus is easier than trying to navigate the buttons in the DS . I recommend this game for beginners that are not familiar with game systems or for the very young .
 My son really likes this game . How can you go wrong with SpongeBob ? Arrived quickly and in great condition . Great purchase .
 My seven year old grandson just got his DS for Christmas , so he is just learning the world of video games . He loved this Spongebob game , and caught on pretty quick , even though it required reading some words he had n't learned yet .
 I have always loved this game I had no idea they made it for the commodore 64 . This game is not as hard as the original . I 'm so glad that the seller put this game on amazaon . Thanks again.Paul Garland
 M-a-r-i-o i-s k-o-o-l ! - ! - !
 the game is alot of fun , but where 's donkey kong . HE 'S MY FAVORITE and you ca n't play as him . ok in super duel mode you can . -LRB- you have to beat him first . -RRB- BUY THIS GAME !
 HEY I BOGHT MARIO PARTY 4 LAST YEAR IT WAS AWESOME FOR LIKE 2 MONTHS THEN IT GOT SUCKY AND BORING PLUS I ONLY LIKED LIKE 1 GAME AND THATS BOOK SCROOM AND SOME OTHER ONES THE ONES ON 64 HAD WAY BETTER GAMES AND THE STORY MODE AND THE GAME BOARD RULES WERE DIFFERENT I HOPE PLEASE TO GOD HOPE THAT THIS MARIO PARTY 5 HAS WAY BETTER GAME PLEASE !! MY GAME INFORMER MAGAZINE GAVE IT A 3 OTA 10 THATS RIGHT I TOTALY DISSIGREED WITH THEM BUT I CAN SEE WHY THEY DID BUT THIS MARIO PARTY 5 CAME OUTA NOWWHERE SEE MARIO PARTY 4 I GOT FOR CHRISTMAS IM SGHOULD BE GETTIN ' MARIO PARTY 5 FOR CHRISTMAS TOO ! IF I DONT HAVE 50 DALLARS IN THE NEXT MONTH!THERE 'S OVER 70 GAMES IN THIS GAME NOT 50 GAMES LIKE PART 4 OVER 70 GAMES AWESOME HUH AND IT LOOKS SO FUN BUT WHY DID EVERY ONE SHORT ASS REVIEWS ABOUT THIS GAME AND WHY DID MY FRIEND SAY EVERY ONE ON AMAZON.COM SAID THAT THIS GAME SUCKED THAT LIL 2 TIMING LIER !! ~ !!!! I DONT CARE WHEN I GET IT HE 'S GON NA WANT TO PLAY IT AND U KNOW WHAT IM GON NA SAY NOOOOO WAY SONNY BUT HE 'S PROBALY GON NA PLAY IT SOONER O LATER OVER MY HOUSEPLEASE VOTE FOR THIS REVIEW THANX AMAZON.COM !!!!!!!!!! HARDYZ 4 LIFE MATTITUDE VERSION 1 RVD RVD RVD RVD RVD RVD RVD !!!!!!!!! ROB VAN DAM !!
 I just read the reviews and just wanted to say that my 6 year old daughter loves these games . I think that this is a great game for the younger ones . Like I say my daughter loves it and she loves for me to play with her . This is more on her level and there are not many like that for her . So I would like to say great job NINTENDO keep up the good work . Hope to see more games for the younger ones .
 I did a review on MARIO PARTY 4 , and my title was simple But SO MUCH FUN . I own every single mario game for the gamecube and i have to say this one was just like number 4 . Simple . I like the minigames and orbs but the music and boards were not thrilling . I always said `` come on nitendo , get cray ' like they did for party 6 & 7 which where great ! This game did have my favorite player TOAD and a koopakid ? That was a waste . Party 4 is better than this one . To conclude my review i 'll have to say ... `` THANK-YOU-SO-MUCH-For-To-READING MY REVIEW ~ :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 I have Love these game so much . I love the nintendo 64 too . I love love Mario party 4 I like the 3D in it and how it was fun and I cant wait to get party 5 for christmas , I buying mario kart double dash I recommend this too you guys on here . WEll I given 10 stars wooooo . GOt ta luv it ! ... LAta
 MP5 is the best MP!The Super Duel Mode has fast machies , the caples are great , best one Chance , the Bouns Mode is better than the one in MP4 , the DK mini-games are awsome plus the other ones , the Mini-Game Mode has new games , so this MP is a must-have MP !!!
 Mario Party Five is a fantastic game . I like it because there are 3 new characters . I can make my own machine in super dual mode . There are new mini game to play . There are new place in the board maps . Mario party fans should buy this game .
 I think this game is going to be fun ! I loved the mario party 's I have 2 to 4 and I am buying this one cause the graphic look better so what they use the same formula but I am buying this one cause I want it real bad ! I am a single player most of the time but I will buy this game I will end up getting it for xmas so people I remend this and for all ages . Mario rockssssssalso remond the mario kart double dash
 Love the game from the moment i started playing it , played for 4 hours straight and i play almost everyday !
 It was in very good condition . Now I can entertain multiple people at onec since i did n't have a party game before this game .
 The new gaming systems can not replace GameCube and Mario ! After years of PS3 and XBOX , my boys wanted to &#34; have fun &#34; again and requested to play their old games . This game came in perfect condition , well packaged and quickly . Ca n't thank you enough !!
 My package arrived early and the disc was in great condition ! For a used game , I was very surprised and happy . It 's already provided several hours of entertainment for my nephews .
 I bought this game used in &#34; very good &#34; condition and it works just like a new one . I would never pay the huge price for a new copy when this is just as good . The game is super fun to play in groups .
 My kids favorite Mario game of all time . We have been so dissapointed that our original one quick working so they are so happy to have a new one .
 First let me start by saying that this game is absolutely an awesome title . I have played the other Mario Party games accept Mario Party 2 for N64 but I have played 1 & 3 for N64 . I have played Mario Party 4 for Gamecube however still have n't had a chance to play 6 & 7 but I will talk about that game in it 's review . What I love are the enhanced features of this game . Such as doubling the score near the last five turns . I enjoy the mini games . Nintendo you have done it again ! Even though I realize that this game did n't come out until much later I still like this game and will enjoy this game for years to come .
 The scale and grandness of the boards ; the introduction of orbs and that they are free but cost when when you use it . The story mode is different you play 3 Bowser JR kids to geth out on shorter versions of the main boards . This is Gamecube gameplay while MP4 is N64 gameplay . This is the best to get on the system , then 4 , 6 and 7 are rentals .
 Another great Mario Party game . It 's just not Mario Party 4 . The biggest difference I have found in this one from the last is the orbs . They become confusing and it 's not as much fun as finding mushrooms in boxes . It 's sometimes hard to differentiate the different orbs and what they are going to do.The mini games are always fun and exciting . Although , I have played this game for a very long time now and some of them are still not unlocked.This game is fun for the whole family , my 4-year-old even enjoys playing it !
 This is the best game out of the Mario Party series . The only bad thing , is that DK -LRB- DG -RRB- is not a playable character in the game . But the addition of new characters like Boo -LRB- Squalls -RRB- and Toad -LRB- ME ! -RRB- , make the game more fun.The new mini-games are great . I 'd say about 95 % of them are fun and worth playing.And of course , the luck factor is still in the game . Yoshi always gets lucky , while Wario and Toad never seem to catch a break.Item shops are replaced by capsules . You get a capsule at random and have to pay to use it , or it 's free to throw it on a board space . The worst capsule is KAMEK . He is stupid and does n't help you when you need him . The best capsule is TWEESTER . When you need to move a star closer to you , he 'll come through.Overall , this game is very worthy of buying . I do n't need to say more .
 Mario Party 5 randmonizes the whole `` Item '' thing that 's been a part of the last few Mario Party games . You get a capsule that you can throw on any of the next ten spaces you might accidentally land on or you can pay to use it on one of your next turns . Just like the old days , some of them are good for you -LRB- now chain chomp steals from the other players -RRB- or bad -LRB- hammer brothers are back -RRB- . Some are really annoying like gumba -LRB- exchanges coins with another player -- bad if you 've got 200 coins and dumbo CPU has 12 -RRB- and the pirrahna plant -LRB- takes half your coins -RRB- . However , the whole randomness of the capsules make it more interesting , especially if Bowser covers every space with a capsule.I love the team playing -- two against two -- except you miss out on the three-vs . - one mini-games . There are also several games that I have n't figured out yet , like one where you build your own bomb-blowing car and take on an opponent . There 's hockey , which is frustrating and impossible for me , but I 'm sure somebody can do it . There 's a card game , beach volleyball , and the usual virtually-impossible run-in with Bowser to open up his game board through story mode.What 's not to love ? Rolling ones and threes 15 times in a row while your CPU dumbos zoom around the board rolling tens . That 's what . But I guess that 's true of any game , right?Good game . Keep them coming .
 I 've never played the first 3 mario party games ' because i never owned a N64 ' but mario party 5 is indeed a very fun game when i rented it out i use to think it was a childish game ; but later on i think its an okay game so months later i decide to buy it ; but I realise story mode can be hard but their was always the party mode to play ' In my opinion this game is a must have for fans of the mario party series ' Their are older people who enjoy this game I also think the music to the game is cute and we can all look forward for mario party 6 which will be release in december of this year ... So buy this game you wont regret it : -RRB-
 Like previous Mario Party games this game is very fun and addictive and recommended for all Mario fans for muliplayer mode is just amazing but what brings down this games rating is the still weak and sometimes boring single player mode and too much text screens the level of reading in this game is too much and this is a great turn off but besides these the game is very good .
 `` In the night sky , past the moon and beyond the stars , there 's a dream world known as dream depot , where everyone 's dreams come together . This is the real land of dreams ... In this land , there are Star Guards who protect the dreams of all . One dreamy night , the Star Guards thought of something . ` Many dreams arrive here at Dream Depot Every day , ' they said , ` so ... why do n't we offer those with the power of dreaming a chance to visit ? ' It the end , they decided to invite Mario and his closest friends because , when it comes to dreamers , nobody dreams bigger than they do ! So the Star Guards prepared for their guests ' arrival by creating many fun filled games for them to play . And that is how the story of Mario and his friends both old and new began ! '' And that 's only the first page in the instruction booklet ! 7 courses , 10 characters , 3 of which are new , and an awesome story line ! The ONLY resson why I 'm not giving it 5 stars is cuz you CA N'T play more then 1 board map and a mini-game Wars at a time without going NUTS , but other then that , it 's perfect !!!! P.S. the game takes only 5 `` Memory Blocks '' !
 The Game Cube is our first experience with video games , and it was difficult deciding which games would be appropriate for our children , ages 4 & 8 . Considering the price of some games , we did n't want to make a costly mistake ! I can say without reservation that Mario Party 5 is a hit with the whole family . We also have Mario Kart Double Dash , soccer , and basketball , but Mario Party 5 is by far our favorite . Mario Party 5 has lots of mini-games -LRB- which you ca n't play until you play a board game -RRB- , and the board games are full of surprises which makes them continuously entertaining . I know some reviewers have n't liked the game , but for families with younger children , this is the one game I would recommend as a must have .
 Do n't listen to the people who put 2 stars and under . This game is one of the best Mario parties they made . The mini-games are fun and the boards are amazing . The only downfall is Donkey Kong is no longer a playable character , however You can unlock him in destruction derby mode -LRB- purple star -RRB- . This game is 10 times better than Mario parties 6,7 and 8 . I recommend that you buy this game before you buy any other Mario party game .
 In this game I learn pretty good how to carry all the ice cream . This game is okay , but man I have to say that I like to play other games like Smash Bros. this one time I was mario and man I punch stupid kirby so hard in the face , and you know he just fall right into the hole ! There is a part in this game with monkeys that my friend is good at . He play that part for me sometime so I can win it.tony
 All I can say is that this game is off the hook . If you have a Gamecube , go and buy this immediately !
 Well , Let me just say I have played all of the Mario Party 's in the series and this is by far the worst one . While the graphics and animation are better then ever , who thought it would be a good idea to play against 3 koopa 's in story mode and iliminate the star aspect of it ? First off , it is harder for you to attain coins then it is for them and secondly your not even after stars , just each other . You have to play the same 10 games over and over with them , most of which are based mostly on random luck and button mashing.Nintendo , what were you thinking when you made these mini-games ? They are beyond tedious and involve little to no real skill unlike the previous Mario Parties . They get boring very fast and after the last dream mode in story mode , you have to fight bowser -LRB- which you will probably mess up about 45 times before you get it right because you will have no idea what on earth you are suppose to be doing -RRB- . Cute game at first and much more fun when you have a group of people to play along with . I would recommend it for younger players , but just rent it from the video store or get it used . Dont bother ponying up 50 bucks for it . It really isnt worth it .
 on my 8th birthday i got a gamecube and this i almost beat story mode -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The first Mario Party was ok , but at least it was entertaining . This game is a disgrace . At first , you should at least get all the mini games at the beggining of the game . You dont . There should only be mini games . There isnt . Mini games are the only thing that draws people to this game and they still have boards . Thats boring . Nintendo get rid of Mario Party . Bring back classic games and make us all happy .
 well maybe not the best game EVER but its up there as far as 4 player games go . After hours of grinding mmo 's and fps ' its fun to play a game like this ; its too bad there arent more like it . the board game aspect doesnt matter much its the mini games that make this a great game .
 Best game boards of all the Mario Party Games but the Mini-Games are lacking . Still , I would n't hesitate to play it . After all , they come out with Mario Party Games so fast that you might as well go back and play the old ones every once in a while .
 Yet another Mario Party game . We had to buy a game cube just so we could play it . We have play many of hours on this game and the other in the saga .
 This game can be played by anyone in the family . The kids love the colorful atmosphere and the adults will like the fun , challenging games and also spending time with their children . This game is fun and has great replay value . There are many modoes , but the best would have to be the Party mode where up to 4 players can play . You move around the board and play minigames to earn money and stars . And after you earn the minigames , you can go back and play each individual minigames themselves if you have a memory card . A memory card is a must for this game . Overall , a great , fun game .
 This is a great family game . We love to play this game together - in party mode . Easy navigation and not too difficult to learn .
 This game is great , and it is fun to play at parties or with your family , but it would get kind of tiring if you played it often . While there are mini-games to unlock , you play many of the same ones over and over again before it randomly unlocks a new one . Maybe you should buy it used like I am going to . It is now cheaper because you can buy the new version
 i played this game for about 2 hours then got bored.great for kids though my 4 year old sister loves it . new mini games and only 5 boards !!??!! very easy to understand but i reccomend renting it first.be careful what you want and dont want.lol
 This is the most fun of all Mario Party series . It fun and it 's grat entertainment for all ages ! 5 stars !
 It has been so amazing that Nintendo has really been able to capture the status of Mario so very well . He has been recognized as one of the most beloved characters of all time . That has been true with so many different games . Since the Mario Party games debuted back in 1998 , it has taken the feeling of interactive board games to a whole new level . While many companies have tried to catch that same bug like Hasbro and the CD-ROM versions of the classics , to Sony trying a Crash Bandicoot knockoff , Mario Party has remained king . With the status for the Nintendo Gamecube , the series has still stood tall , and number 5 is just that peachy as well.Mario Party 5 , the fifth installment for the Nintendo Gamecube , is a real delight for any group that wants to bring those game faces on . The game offers 60 different and challenging mini-games for you to test your skills with , including Bus Buffers , Coney Island , and so many others . The game also increases the challenge by adding a story mode through 5 challenging dream boards , where Bowser and his cloned Bowser Jr. kids want to hold complete control over the Mario World . The graphics are simplistic , just like the prequel , and the new Mario Party 6 . The control is also very easy to pick up on with all the mini-games and a little practice as well.All in all , Mario Party 5 is a good game for the Nintendo Gamecube for all ages . Unfortunately , you have a better chance of getting this one used currently than in new condition . For those , they may just consider Mario Party 6 , or the upcoming Mario Party 7 . Still for the fun & value , Mario Party 5 is a great party to hang around with.Graphics
 The superstars of the Mushroom Kingdom are partying again ! Grab your friends and join in the madness as you battle across all-new game boards in a race to collect the most stars . Brand new mini-games , including one-on-one duels and everyone-vs . - Bowser brawls , as well as mini-game tournaments , a decathlon event , and much more make this a party you just ca n't miss ! I like it!More than 70 all-new mini-games !
 This Game is awesome !!!! The computer is back to it 's cheating ways but I like the challenge . This was difently the best Mario PArty game until Mario Party 6 came out . Still get it because it is very fun .
 So this is how it starts ... I used my Christmas bonus this year to buy myself a gamecube ... my live in boyfriend already had a PS2 ... so I figured it was the next logical system to get . Having had a N64 ... when I saw Mario party at the store I was psyched ! I have maybe 6 or 7 other games for the GameCube right now -LRB- hey ... give me a break ... I only got the thing a week ago -RRB- ... and Mario Party 5 is the only one I play ! My only reservation about this game is in the Party Mode ... the shortest number of turns you can play is 20 ... it makes the game last a little too long ... especially for people like my boyfriend ... who would much rather be playing NBA Live 2005 -LRB- which is also good by the way -RRB- ... then running around a magical board as a princess ...
 MP5 is a fun game , and much better than MP4 , which was a mediocre follow-up to the N64 franchise . 3-D boards and the new capsule system , plus new playable characters and new board spaces , all combine to make this a great addition to my Gamecube collection . There are some really neat games , too , as well as some really bizarre ones -LRB- and one game I really hate ! -RRB- . Is it as great as MP1 , or the best of the lot MP3 ? No . But if you 're like me , you do n't keep your N64 hooked up . MP5 is the GCN Party we needed , especially after the lame MP4 -LRB- the mushroom system ... ick ! -RRB- .
 Mario Party 5 is the best installment yet . Especially the all new new 3-D gameboards . Also the new mini games are the best in the whole Mario Party series , the 70 new ones are the coolest . Everyone should buy Mario Party 5 .
 i have been playing this game for months and i have to say it is the best mario party gamew ver.i always win button masher games and i never broke a controller in 4 years.i always get the first star and i always beat the dumb computers.there are ways to throw capsules to make things happen on the board the board gamew is not boreing so do n't listen 2 those casuall gamers this game is the best .
 Mario party 5 is mostly a copy of the first 3 games -LRB- i have n't played mp4 -RRB- . Me and my friend were playing the game and i was explaning what to do in the mini games and she saysoh thtas like blah blah blah in mp ? and she said that to at least 7 times . Mini games are the best part of all the mario partys and mp5 is kinda lacking in games but it is worth your money its really good for a nothing weekend or a b-day party .
 I know the drill . Every Mario Party game is basically the same thing , so I 'm not expecting everyone to see this game in a different light . But this game is slightly different . I think the formula is better than that of most other Mario Party games , and for the most part , I bought this so that my friends and I could add something else to our mix of Mario Kart get-togethers and whatnot and for that purpose , Mario Party 5 scores ! Buy this if you and your friends need something new and interesting to do . It should keep the entertainment going for the next two months at least .
 I am huge fan of the Mario Party series . I 've played them all exept 1 , 2 , 3 , and Advance but out of all the ones I have played I think this one is the best . People often try to caompare MP5 with MP4 . They have some similaritys but they both do have some unique qualitys . I think on MP5 mini-games are more fun , on MP4 I think the boards are alittle more fun , MP4 has a better story mode because there actually is an end because in 5 after you beat the Koopa Kids and face Bowser I do n't know how too beat him . I think the two are about even when it comes to characters because MP4 has DK and MP5 added Toad , Boo , and Koopa Kid . I thought it was dissapointed when they took away DK in MP5 though .
 this game is fun . they have good mini games . You even get to make machines and battle . the story boards are good.buy it if you dare !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! do n't worry it is a good game
 Ahhh at last a mario party game I wanted one since 2002 . Boo is in it YaY ! I ` ts Even better than what I thought . The super duel mode is cool make a mashines to battle other players to battle other players whith other players in addition you can use you ' r mario characters .
 What can I say ? This is a great game ! In bonus mode I thought the Card Party would be HORRIBLE , but I was wrong ! There are so many things to do . I 've beat story mode , and it is FUN . -LRB- Kinda hard for beginners though ... -RRB- What I 'm trying to say is it is GREAT . -LRB- Thanks for reading my reveiw and bye . -RRB-
 I Love this game . After becoming addicted to Mario Party 4 at college one night as a way to get away from studying . As soon as Mario Party 5 came out , my friends and I rented it -LRB- when we finally found a place that had it in -RRB- , and we were impressed ! It is great to have new characters to play with , and the mini-games are great -LRB- most of them , so are pretty lame , but over all I 'd day 85 % of them are great -RRB- . I ended up having to buy a gamecube for myself to feed my addiction of Mario Party ... If you are into non-stressful and laid back games , I would totally reccomend it !!
 I bought Mario Party 5 the day it came out , and have often lent it out to the aftercare at my church with kids from ages 4-6 . Just with any game with kids in that age group , it took a little crash course to teach them the basic way to play it -LRB- kids that age do n't pay that much attention . -RRB- Amazingly enough those kids -LRB- 4 players , 2 boys , 2 girls -RRB- got it down packed within 20 minutes of playing , and are so good at it , that it 's scary . It 's perfect for little kids to develop great hand-eye coordination and dexterity , they learn fast since this game is an all out competition . -LRB- Let me add that the little girls wipe the floor with the little boys at this game -RRB- Even if you 're just thinking about buying it for older kids , teens , or adults , this game is a definite crowd pleaser -LRB- and child shutter upper . -RRB-
 We found this game to be highly addicting . Our 4 and 7 year olds love it , as do we adults . The party mode is great fun with a lot of cool things to discover . The bonus card game is a ton of fun as well . My wife and I were up many late evenings after the kids were fast asleep still playing this game . Nintendo did a great job with MP5 . MP4 was a lot of fun too , but I like this one a little better .
 Alright before my review ... To the reviewers ... if you liked the game , do n't go here and give it ZERO STARS !!! ZERO STARS = AWFUL GAME . I read all the zero star reviews and everyone who gave it ZERO STARS said the game was good . That completely throws off the average customer rating , which I was shocked to find it at 3 Stars . C'mon , if you do n't like the game , do n't give it stars , but do n't say `` THE GAME IS AWESOME '' and give it Zero stars ... rate it at least 1-5 ... make some sense guys ... my gosh.Now the review ... Marioparty 4 was already a huge improvement from its N64 predecessors , saving the platform since Marioparty 2 and 3 were about to send it to oblivion -LRB- cuz they were both bad -RRB- . Marioparty 4 was the best game in the series but it still had problems . The One-Player was tedious , the randomizations in the game was awful -LRB- Played Slime Time 6 + straight times so many instances which drove me nuts -RRB- , and there were no duels.Now I can say ... Marioparty 5 has shoved 4 to the side as the best party in the series . Duels are back and better than ever . In fact , it 's possible to dual for a star also , which places the concept `` It ai n't over till it 's over '' into the game even more truly . The Randomization factor improved a lot . I had n't had an instance where I played a mini-game twice consecutively ... which is a nice thing.Mini-Games and One-Player is where the biggest improvement came from in 5 . Mini-Games are loads of fun . I enjoyed it far more than 4 . A lot of varieties , some funky mini-games , some skills , button mashing , luck ... all were great . Admittedly , boards did get a lot smaller , but in my opinion , it 's the mini-games that are critical in this game ... you can play mini-games without boards but not boards without mini-games ... that 's where I believe the game should be judged , and the package of 70 + Minigames offered is amazingly fun , especially with more people.Hudson finally decided to make One-Player a little more fun now . Now you have to go against 3 baby bowsers in one board with the objective of driving their coins down to 0 for all 3 . Most complained the wait time between turns for 3 CPUs and yea I found that frustrating also , but Hudson worked on that to make the 3 Baby Bowsers roll simultaneously , which is start in the right direction . So One-Player improved significantly also.A Great Improvement Over 4 ... and I give a VERY high recommendation to those seeking a party game for 2-4 players . A GOOD recommendation to just own the game ... it 's nice to have when guests come over .
 When i first rented this game I was surprised . Unlike most Mario Party games , this game in story mode is about taking all three players coins away before twenty turns . you compete again Red , Green and Blue K. Kid in 5 dream worlds . Your mission is to save the dreams from Bowser . To do this , you must take all the Koopa kids coins away before twenty turns is easy . Most of the mini games you will be playing are in duel mode again a K. Kid . When playing a duel either the K. Kid will lose coins or you will . To start a duel you must pass -LRB- you do n't have to land -RRB- a k. kid or have a k. kid pass you . If a k. kid passes you , if you win the duel , the k. kid will lose 5 coins . If you win the duel you will lose 15 coins . If YOU pass a K. kid , this is the other way around . Andywas once you get the hang of it , this is an incredibly easy game . I found my self taking all the coins from a K. kid only 2 or 3 turns into the game . I got through it within a few hours.After saving the dreams -LRB- there is also one nightmare stage -RRB- you must pass four of bowser 's mini games . After a REALLY easy game I was expecting this to be easy to . NO SUCH LUCK . This was hard . You were put in a game without any insturctions . I had to try quite a few times before I understood what to do . HINT
 well this game is good but the new way of using the items isnt exactly as good as it used to be . you dont get to choose your items like u used to but the mini games are alot better and theres plenty of em there are also alot more chaaracters than on any other mario party . so i very much recommend this game to all u fellow gamers
 I played this game and I would say it has a lot to offer . The main part of the game is pary mode where you play a bord game where you travel around and get stars and coins . You also play a mini game at the end of every turn . this is where you and the other players play a short game . There is lots to do if you get bored with pary mode . Theres is a mode I like best in this game it is called super duel mode . in super duel mode you build a car and battle other oppoents is a arena . There is also a `` pick and choose '' version of party mode called Mini game mode . you get to choose which mini game you want to play . In all ied say that Mario Party 5 is a good game that will keep kids busy for a long time .
 I just rented this game and let me tell you that it is tons of fun . With all of the new minigames that keep you coming back for more , this game is sure to get you hooked . Along with new characters and even more bizarre minigames you can change the odds with a new slew of items . But there is one flaw . The game is still to much like all of the others . That is why I did n't give it a five star rating . I mean it is fun , do n't get me wrong but if you are looking for a new and different game for Christmas maybe this one is n't the right one for you . The story mode is very easy to master and takes almost no effort to complete . After you complete it there are a few new bonuses but ill leave those up to you to find . Well if you love Mario Party or just want to get in on the party action then this game is probably a must-buy . However if your looking for something different perhaps this is n't the best way to go .
 Mario Party 5ratingsParty Mode :9 of 10Story Mode :10 of 10Super Duel Mode :10 of 10Mini-game Mode :10 of 10Bonus Mode :100 % better than Extra Room in Mario Party 4 , or 10 of 10
 The overall game is excellent ! The new kind of one player mode is extremely convenient for the player . All three Koopa Kids roll at the same time , cutting game time down considerably , and therefore letting you get more done before your parents scream at you to get off the Game Cube !
 Hi , this is Christian Pease.I am a major Mario fan and , to be honest , THIS IS THE BEST MARIO GAME EVER !!! I have seen the awful comments of this game , and for those who hate this game , WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?THIS IS A BRILLENT GAME , AND IF YOU HATE IT , YOU BETTER TEST IT TWICE , BECAUSE I 'LL SEE WHY YOU HATE IT!I 'M SAYING THIS GAME IS THE BOB-OMB ! -LRB- Hah!I said Bob-omb ! You know , the alive bombs in the Mario world ? -RRB-
 Mario Party 5 is an incredibly addictive game that lets players of all skill types stand a chance at winning . Most other games have only one type of game play -LRB- shooting in first person shooters , racing in racing games -RRB- but Mario party 5 has hundreds of different games within it allowing for a different experience every time you play it . The object of the game is to get more stars then any other players . This can be done in many many ways . First , a star is always placed somewhere on the board and the first person to get there wins the star -LRB- assuming they have 20coins to buy it with -RRB- and a new star is placed elsewhere . Second , if you land on a chain chomp space you can pay them to steel a star from another player . Third , when it 's the last 5 turns if you land on the same space as another player you can dual them for their star . Fourth , whoever gets the most coins through mini games gets a star , and many many other ways . Its increbibly fun for people of all ages ... i think i 'll go play it now
 Mario Party 5 is an excellent game because the whole series is great but this is the most advanced yet especially the mini games
 I know , I know what you are thinking about . ` ANOTHER Mario Party ?! These games get worse and worse every year ... ' Well , in my opinion , this is the best Mario Party game ; better than the last four Mario Party games combined!Obviously , you know what the gameplay is about . You move around the board , play mini-games , get stars , then BOOM ! Game 's over . Well , in between all this , there are new features.For one thing , you get to play as three new characters
 I 'm going to start by saying that I have n't played any of the other Mario Party titles , so I have no basis to compare this one to those -LRB- I have heard there was a general lack of new features -RRB- . However , that being said , I enjoy this game very much.There are several different modes -LRB- some of which will not be mentioned in this review -RRB- . The main game is a somewhat lame board game . Entertaining at first , but soon gets dreadfully boring . This , however , is how you unlock new mini games -LRB- the heart of the title -RRB- , so it is your task to bear with it for the time being.The mini games are awesome . Most of them . Okay , some of them . But the ones that are great are plentiful enough to make up for the bad ones . And once they are unlocked , you can go back and play them anytime without having to go through the board game . I particularly do n't like button mashers -LRB- hit A as fast as you can and break your controller !! -RRB- . Other games , like Pushy Penguins , are so much fun it 's ridiculous . Hotel Goomba is a neat little puzzle game . And there 's some sports-related mini games , as well -LRB- baseball , speed skating , etc. -RRB- . My favourite part of Mario Party 5 is Bonus Mode . That mode on it 's own could easily be it 's own title . You can play four-player ice hockey , beach volleyball , and a fun board/card game . Each of the three games have different options you can set to make things more interesting . For example , beach volleyball can be played with an exploding ball -LRB- kind of like hot potato . . the timer counts down and then , um , explodes . Point over . -RRB- Overall , MP5 is a fairly average game . You wo n't have a huge amount of fun playing by yourself . This is definately a multiplayer game . And it 's lots of fun ! There are n't too many titles out there that anyone can just pick up and play . There is almost no learning curve , and it 's safe for all ages . Four stars for jolly good FUN !
 Hi , we purchased this for our sons 9th birthday . We were apprehensive over the fact that after 5 editions of the same game they would be repetitive ... Once again we were pleasantly surprised . Mario and friends have been entertaining our boys for years and continue to do so with Mario Party 5 ! We love the board game concept ... the boys love the mini games . It is an easy game for mom 's and dad 's to join in and play too . Although I am not an avid video game player , there are times that the kids just want you to `` play with them '' . Mario Party 5 's concept is easy to understand , the games are easy enough to play to make it interesting for all ages.Mario Party games are always in the active play file ! ; at least in our home . It seems as if Mario Party 5 took the same great concept and just expanded it to include much more.Our boys love it ! It makes them laugh ! That is music to our ears!Thumbs up once again to the newest member of the Mario Party family!Rosemary
 My wife bought this game for Christmas and we have n't stopped playing yet . It is of course a GREAT party game , but it is n't bad as a single player game either , plus it has Mario Hockey , Beach Volleyball and a card game that can be played with 1-4 players.The cool thing about this game is that adults can finally compete with the kids and everyone gets to win something . My wife and I rely upon the age and treachery strategy , and the kids whip us on the mini games.If you or your spouse does n't care much for video games , this might be the game to change their mind . Before we got this game , my wife NEVER played these games , but she loves this one.Well worth the money !
 Before I begin , I should say that I 'd never played another Mario Party before this ... The story goes like this ... It took well over a year to convince my wife that we needed a gamecube . So after winning a bit at the local casino , we decided we could afford to splurge ... Bought the gamecube , and after reading the back of every gamebox available , we decided on MarioParty 5 made our purchase and headed home.Got everything hooked up , popped in the disk and ... Oh what is this !? This game is horrid ! I called the store where we purchased the game and BEGGED them to let me return it . Of course , they would not let me ... So I was stuck with this game -LRB- $ 49.99 at the time -RRB- which we HATED . Here I was with the Gamecube I 'd been wanting for a year , and not a single game worth playing . Sure the graphics were great ... the sound was nice ... but come on ! There was nothing to this game -LRB- or so we thought -RRB- . And then it happened.The shops had all closed up ... We had no choice but to play MP5 . So we did . We played one full game . It was okay . We played again ... hey it 's not so bad ... we played again ... this game is sweeeet ! The more we played the better it got . The board game , the mini-games we loved it all . My wife and I soon were addicted.Neither my wife or I are huge video game fans , but we love a good card game or board game ... The more we played this game , the more it appealed to our sensibilities . I think -LRB- honestly -RRB- that we use the mini-battles as a chance to get back at eachother for little annoyances . It 's really quite fun . When we have friends over , we 'll hook the GC up to our 55 '' and have all out wars.Over the weeks and months that followed , we purchased more games , Toadstool Golf , Simpsons Hit & Run , Zelda , etc. et al. . But Mario Party 5 is really the only game that gets any frequent play.To make a long story short ... Good game , just give it a chance .
 Mario Party 5 is probably one of my favorite games of my six GameCube Games . I choose only the games I really want , so that 's a pretty high honor . With five diferent modes -- Party , Story , Mini Game , Bonus , and Super Duel -- it 's perferct for almost every occasion , party or boredom ! The controls are thoroughly explained at the beginning of each mini game and are simple and well-thought . We will now explain each mode with detail.Party Mode : Rules are easy
 Since the Mario Party series hit GCN lots of changes have occured.Some dissapointing and some better.But , one of the most biggest changes I 've seen in the Mario Party series is in MP5.That change is that items have turned into capsules.Capsules are fine , but are way different than items.The way you use capsules is this : To get them you have to go past a capsule machine -LRB- looks like gumball machine -RRB- . The result is completly random.You use capsules on different spaces on the gameboard or yourself.If used on the gameboard than whoever lands on that space is effected by the capsule.Enough about capsules !!!! Would n't you rather hear about the game ?????? This Mario Party takes place in Dream Land.Every board map takes place in some kind of dream : Underwater Dream , Rainbow Dream , Pirate Dream , Future Dream , Toy Dream and Sweet Dream . -LRB- I might of missed 1 or 2 -RRB- There 's more than 70 new mini-games ! -LRB- As usual -RRB- The new bonus feature is awsome!You get to play ice hockey , -LRB- my favorite -RRB- beach volleyball , or card party . -LRB- lame -RRB- They are all action packed and really , really fun ! -LRB- except for card party -RRB- You can now play three new players : Toad , Boo , or Koopa Kid.If you played MP4 , this game is nothing like it , but is equally as fun .
 this is a great game ! my cousin got it for his birthday and i asked him if i could play it ... i never wanted to leave the room !! i knew that i HAD to get the game ... there are different , BETTER mini-games and me and my friend are REALLY into the game after we have been playing it for about 10 minutes ! this game is GREAT !!
 This game is really fun . My friend hated Mario Party and I turned him onto it , and he WWWWOOONNNN !! Also , three new characters take the boards like Toad , Koopa Kid , and Boo !! There is over 65 new mini-games including super-duel mode !!! There is alot more items to , but you do n't just buy them like in Mario Party 4 , you get them out of a capsule machine . The stars are pretty easy to get sometimes but you 'll have fun on the WAY !!
 Mario party 5 rules I love it I play story , super duel , party andmini game mode . Some of my friends cant stop playing it I amstuck in the last thing in story mode . My dad wins most of mygames and I will ask him only to help me on this part ofmario party 5 . Then I will do it all over because i will notstop playing story mode until I use all the players I onlyam playing with luigi.I want to finish it .
 The game is very cool , butI like the mini-games the best . `` exam . '' - In the 1vs3 game MarioMechs ,1 player controls a big , powerful , robot , while 3 players ride jets . -LRB- lasers includid -RRB- . There are also new kinds of mini-games called DK mini-games , so relax , peel a banana and have fun !
 My family loves this game , true we are Mario Party addicts and love all 5 of them . The capsules are a new aspect and can be a pain , especially if you do n't play competativly . I liked the customization possibilites of 4 and I wish they had left that option . The graphing of stars and coins in this is neat and can help your school aged children understand graphs in a more personal way .
 in this game it is extremely entertaining in two player but only a little fun in one player . There are 70 new mini games ! The boards go in circles . But the mini games are REALY fun !!!!!
 ok , the boards just suck , i mean like they are cool at first but after that they are just plain boring . the animations just drag on and on . but there are new minigames and if u have four human players and u play in the minigame mode , it 's super fun
 The bottom line is ... if you like the mario parties ... this is most certainly the best one yet . Why i say that is because the maps are 3-D and there are 3 new characters ! Except you are not allowed to be DK anymore because he has a special chance square on the board that you can get tons of coins and maybe a star if you land on it . I wo n't tell you the secret characters ... but now all i pick is the new ones . Good game to buy .
 This is a really good game but it gets really boring if you play it too much . I have the game and played other mario paties too . The reason why i give it four stars is because it is very very similar to all the mario parties except it has new games and new modes and the party mode 's rule are kindof different than the ones before . If you have played all the mario parties a lot already , this would be REALLY fun at first but gets quite boring really quickly unless you are trying to make everything perfect in that game by saving it in a memory card .
 mario party 5 is really good but ... the only problem is its not ANY different then any of the other ones i personally think that they shouldve changed it a little more but its still really good so i really think you should try it
 Let 's see how many years ago was it when mario party first came out four or five . when it first came out it was fun and so i bought number four i never had the other ones but played it at my friends house . mario party 4 was fun and all but it gets boring after a while . nintendo needs to learn when to stop like the way they need to stop with the mario partys there getting pretty old and getting older fast .
 this is a cool game I loved it here are my rankinggraphics
 Gosh another Mario Party . I love them so much . How can the people that make these get this many mini games thought up . Some of the mini games on # 4 i would have never thought of at all . Another got 2 get mario party . do n't no much about it but more characters and minigames . I ca n't wait ! got to buy it .
 Hey guess well I want to say that this is game will be the best I really love mario 2 3 4 and now 5 I love mario party 4 for the gamecube its the best game ever . but they get better and better as it go a long . They add more player to mario party 5 plus also 60 new mini games . I also cant wait for this gamemario games rockkIt me mario do do do
 MARIO KART DOUBLE DASH IS THE BEST GAME OF MARIO KART IN THE HISTORY OF THE HUMANITY
 I enjoyed mario party through all the games and now its just getting old . I 'm not saying Mario Party 5 is bad , but the boards could have been done better . I like the minigames too , but there did n't seem to be as many . I 'm just saying that Nintendo has to stop here or else its just gon na get really bad . Other things I do like about this game that makes it unique is that you can use toad , boo , and koopa kid . Its better for a change to use mario or yoshi . Overall , I give this game a 4/5 which is good , but its not what I expected it to be .
 This game is the best game made in history and it would be smart of you to ask your parents to get it for christmas or your birthday . This game has new action packed new mini games and has new gameboards and three new characters to go with it . If it was a scale of 1 to 1,000 I will give it a 1,000 . This game is 3x 's better than the old Mario Parties . This game would be useful to spend your money on . ROCK ON MARIO PARTY 5 !!!!!
 This is a game you can all play . Almost like playing a board game trying to be the first to reach the star space . We have a ball playing this game together ! My children love Mario games and this is the funest one for the whole family .
 Get ready for some fun ! The new mini-games are very creative and the main mode is great . This game also features a special bonus mode , that has beach vollyball , Hokey , and a spiecal card/board game . The reason I would not rate this five out of five stars is that the 1P mode and super duel mode are both very dumb . But if your a Mario Party fan , or even new to the Mario Party series , then this game is a must have !
 I think that this game is fun for people of all ages . take control of one of eight characters in story mode , bonus mode , mini-game mode , and one of the other 5 modes . After that you get to play on a board -LRB- there are 6 -RRB- to collect stars to win the game . between every round there is a mini-game and this is the reaql fun of the game . There are 75 + mini-games to keep you busy for hours on end . I think that you should get this if you are a gamecube owner .
 well its not better than no. 4 -LRB- esscpeally story mode -RRB- but the mini games is better and bonus mode is my fav . because it gives you three fun mini games also i like super duel mode . all in all this game is a must buy !
 I like playing this game a lot . There are lots of different ways to play , you could battle other people in the battle arena places , or you can play the original one , gamebord style , with new mini games and features!I think its fun playing this game with my friends in multiplayer , but i dont think that its as fun in 1 player mode just playing against the cpu . If you like all the other mario party games , you would like this one too .
 How could you not love the Mario Party franchise ? It 's one game I can think of that can hold 4 sequels under it 's belt and still not stink . From the moment you pop in this game into your cube , you 'll love it . Me and my friend Bob were the first two to test it , and we found ourselves loving it from begining to end . Single Player wise , you might not be enthralled ... so purchase/rent this game only if you have friends ! I reccomend the first board you try is the future board , because it extremely helps you improve on your strategy . Another great thing is , with each combonation of characters you get on your team , you get a catchy team name . For example , Mario and Luigi together are the Super Mario Bros , and Boo and Yoshi together are Team Scary Dino . How cool is that ? All of the new minigames will have you beggin for more , and you can unlcock them to play anytime you want . If you own a gamecube , you need to get this , and Mario Party 4 . Cook some popcorn , pour some soda , and enjoy .
 This game is soooo addictive . I was a fan of the first one when it came out , but this one is awesome . I dont know anyone who is not addicted to this game . My boyfriend and I are in college , but we love this game and play it often . It has a lot more characters to choose from and many interesting worlds . I love all the mini-games and I never get bored of all the different modes you can play . Buy it !!!
 it 's alot better than mario party 4 . the minigames are better the graphics are better you have a couple diffrent choices in characters . its a solid fun experienced.BEST IF PLAYED WITH 3 PLAYERS OR 4 .
 Mario Party is just like the previous games full of fun mini games and other features . In this game you can build your own fighting machine in super duel mode and battle other mario party characters . The mini games on this game are the best out of the other mario parties . The only down side of this game is you can not buy items in party mode , instead you get capsules that are random that you can use but the game is still fun . One of the better mario parties made full of fun action packed mini games and cool party maps .
 As always , the Mario Party games are a lot of fun to play , and easy to learn . All the extra features in this one I did n't even know about until I got it are pretty awesome too . For instance the battle mode where you get to build machines and fight each other , and the mini-game mode where you can just play the mini-games or set it up tournament style , so basically without the moving around the board . Definitely recommend at least trying one of these games , great for groups .
 I love the mario party series . But the thing i dont like is that each party is the same but they just change the graphics and places to go to . In this game it is very fun on multiplayer but like other mario parties it gets boring after a while . The graphics r not very good on this game , it looks more like N64 graphics and the color is dull . The sound is different but it is still like any other marios . This game is fun but it is just like any other parties it gets boring after a while , and the graphics r not as good as the others .
 I think the latest installment is n't as bad as Mario Party 4 , but the best one by FAR is Mario Party 3 . I LOVED that game !!!!! The capsules are so-so , as are the minigames . Buy this if your a Mario Party fan , or if your looking for an okay multiplayer game .
 Well Mario has done it again my friends . He has made another excellent Party Game . While I personally prefer the theme of MArio Party 4 , this game has more excting mini-games -LRB- and is n't that why the Mario Party 's are so irresistable -RRB- , more cool things to do on the board , and also , which makes it really cool , it has a duel mode were you get to create your own duel machine car ! I love it ! This game is a must have for any MArio Fan , so get off your butts and buy it !
 This is one of the best gamecube games i have ever played . Its a blast ! Its like playing a board game and after all the players go you play a minnie game , one of my favorites is when you race to climb up a vine ! You can also just play minnie games or make a car and race ! I recomend this game for ages 6 and up , Go and get MARIO PARTY 5 !!!!
 This game is the coolest game for your Gamecube . I would highly reccomend it . This game provides fun for up to four players . This is the best game Nintendo has ever sold . You should definately buy it .
 The Mario Partys are really fun , but i think they should stop making mario partys now and start making maybe a mario sunshine 2 . Mario games are great ! Keep up the good work Nintendo !
 its the best video game !! people who thinks they dont like has a stinky face like that stupid boy who said -LCB- maio pay 5 is a masteak -RCB- thats rubbish
 This is one of the worst , if the not the worst game I have played for the Gamecube . This game is no different then the horriable Mario Party 4 . I do not recommmend anybody to get this game . This game is not worth 50 dollars , its worth more like 5 . The gameplay of this game is very , very simple . Press one button has many times has you can ... and if you do it the fastest . . YOU WIN . Now that is not a game at all ... its something that should be held at a carnival with a water cannon . There are much better games than this ... check out some of my othere reviews if you want your money well spent .
 This is an extremely fun title ! If you are even thinking about getting this , do ! It 's extremely fun , creative . unique , etc.WOW !!!
 MARIO PARTY 1 and 2were good but 5 ? common , all you do is roll a dice , move , and play mini games , over and over and over and over ... . get my point ? Nintendo should have stayed with 1 and 2 or changed the game a little ,
 LOL WHO EVER HATES THIS IS PREEETY NOT FUN AND BORING THE GAME IS AWESOME SAME GOOD OL' GRAPHICS AS PART 4 WAY MORE MINI GAMES THE MINI GAMES ARE STILL PREETY CRAPPY LIKE PART 4 BUT MORE BETTER AND FUNNER BUT LETS BE HONEST PART 1 HAD THE BEST GAMES !!! AND THERES CAPSALS IN THIS ONE NOT ALL THAT CRAP THAT WAS CONFUSING LIKE A WHOLE BUNCH OF STORES EVERYWHERE TO CHOOSE FROM AND THERES A DONKEY KONG SPACE WHICH IS SWEET BUT YOU CANT BE HIM BUT WHO GIVES A CRAP WHEN IS THE LAST TIME YOU PICKED DONKEY KONG 5 YEARS AGO IN PART 1 ???? GET IT IT 'S AWESOME BY NOW MY FRIEND IS BUGGING THE HELL OUT OF ME
 I think that this game is going to be alot of fun . I played the other Mario Parties , and they were fun ! My mother bought me MP4 for the Nintendo GameCube for Christmas last year , and I was satisfied with it , probably because it had cool Mini-Games in it.However , the ONLY thing that I will probably hate about MP5 is the waiting time , because when I played the other Mario Parties -LRB- including 4 -RRB- , the waitng time were VERY short , and I 've seen gameplay movies of it . But I think that MP5 will be a player 's choice , for both young AND older gamers . And so what if there really is n't anything new in MP5 ? You do n't need new things to Make Mario Party . All you need are Mini-Games , 3-D board maps , a few Nintendo characters -LRB- ones that have to do with Mario , of course -RRB- , and , my favorite , a few friends over so you can play ALL NIGHT LONG !!
 WOW !!!! I 've never seen a better greater game ! I ` ts definetly worth your money . I 'd give it 1,000,000 stars .
 This is a very good game.I just rented it and it 's fun.Don ' t listen to those other people who do n't like it.Listen to me.At least rent the game ! It has very good mini games and levels.Like I said , RENT THE GAME !
 I started playing GameCube about a year ago , so of course i had Mario Party 4 . When i heard that 5 was out I immediatly went out and bought it . Basically I love it . It is pretty much like 4 but with MUCH better boards , MUCH better mini games , and THREE new characters -LRB- donkey kong now has his own gameboard space , and plus i never really like him anyway he gives you coins now . -RRB- so basically it is great !!!
 The reason I buy the nintendo systems are because of these games . The mario/zelda and other unique nintendo games with the classic characters are by far the best out there . I was six yeas old when I played the first super mario bros. and I am now 22 and still hooked !
 I beated this game in one day . It was too short . I did like the story . The story was fun . Too bad they did n't show part of the story for a little preview like they did with mario party 4 before . It is n't as good as mario party 6,3,2 and 1 . Do n't buy this game if you do n't like games that are very short , very easy and boring . Please just buy mario party 6 .
 My 10 year old daughter plays this game and really likes it . She says it is easy for her and fun .
 This is a great game becuase of a lot of reasons .1 . Mario has ben around for many years .2 . I love Mario3.Pinball is great
 This game will be a strong hit.BUY IT NOW !!!! Mario Pinball Land is wonderful ! Really ...
 Fred 's Review :3.75 / 5 starsThis pinball adventure is a good game for the GBA . It has good graphics and over thirty boards of gameplay . You play through a level until you beat the boss -LRB- you have to get stars to open doors by killing all the enemies in the room . -RRB- after you beat the boss a cannon appears where you can choose your next level . You get used to the unorthodox hitting system . A lot of this game relies on precise hitting which i do n't like.Not much to say really about this game , but you should probably get it if you like pinball games .
 Mario Pinball Land is a great game ! I love to play it ! Here 's some ratings : + Story
 i love this game it is so cool and i play it a lot you have too buy it you can buy it used like i did so if you like pinball and mario then get !
 It arrived in great condition and seems like a good game . Unfortunatly we could n't figure out the whole game . but I 'm sure others who are more talented will .
 Before now we 've been seeing Mario platformers and Mario adventure games , but now mario enters the world of pinball . But the interesting part is that it keeps true to the world of adventure . Instead of being bogged down by the boredom of 1 pinball table , you have access to a large amount . Each table is simple , but once you complete tasks such as destroying all the enemies you 'll acquire stars . Each table has doors leading to more tables with more stars . All this leads up to a long journey of star collecting pinball fun.As for the technical details , the graphics are top notch , and the controls are perfect . The ball responds perfectly , leaving you with good control over where it goes . The only downside to the game is that you may end up being frustrated by entering wrong doors before you get the hang on controlling where the ball goes . But overall this is one of the best games that the US has seen for Game Boy Advance .
 I am not a video-game expert ... I 'm just a mom . My 6-year-old son was frustrated with a lot of the games we got for his GameBoy . This one he picked out without any knowledge of the game ... he likes real pinball . Well , he just loves this game ! Not once did I have to help him figure something out -LRB- which is wonderful since it 's hard for me to figure these things out -RRB- . THere is nothing violent or objectional with this game . it 's just fun.I ca n't be critical about the graphics or music or any of that stuff ... none of that is important to us at this stage of our lives . It 's just a fun game that is very easy for a young child to play . And it 's a game that a mom can feel good about her kid playing .
 First of all , Horace Doyal 's review is completely untruthful . He said that he could n't load his game if he just shut it off , and if you had half a brain , you 'd read the instruction manual , which clearly states that you must save the game before you turn it off if you want to load that game again . Also , saying that Nintendo should be ashamed of this game is very ignorant and rude , because when Nintendo came out with the NES and the first game ever -LRB- Mario Bros. -RRB- it pretty much started the evolution of video games . Plus , it 's a PINBALL GAME , so how could you say that the rules of pinball do n't apply ? Sure , the levels are short , but how fun can you make pinball ? I think Nintendo has done a nice job with the game , making pinball as exciting as it 's going to get . I think it was brilliant to take a twist from the usual Mario game to turn it into pinball . I 'd recommend this game to anyone who likes pinball and likes Mario .
 It does sometimes surprises me when there is a game that really seems to be exciting , but could use a little more when it it needed . For Nintendo , they truthfully have done it before with Mario , especially for the Game Boy . Nintendo really revised the success of Mario very , very well with the reissuings of classic games like Super Mario 3 , the Super Nintendo classic Super Mario World , and the NES legendary original Super Mario Brothers being reissued just this year . Yet with all the success , there is always one Mario game that is good , but just could use a little improvement in its action.Mario Pinball Land is a fast-paced wacky game where Mario is transformed into a ball , inorder to rescue Princess Toadstool from the vile Bowser , and his henchmen including Petey Piranha from Super Mario Sunshine , the classic villain the Big Boo , and a couple of others . The game features five outraeous stages , 30 boards and exciting games including three mini-games . The graphics really are displayed quite well within the game , and the feel of the pinball also handles quite well within the Mario theme . Yet , with all the upsides , there are a few downsides to the game . The controls can be a bit frustrating at times , especially against the bosses and in some boards of the game . The music itself also stands very well , with the classic themes for each course , especially the Egyptian stage , and deep under the ice in the snow level.The game is a lot tougher , from a earlier Game Boy classic , Kirby 's Pinball Land from 1993 . While many people may seem interested in this exciting game , there are some pinball fanatics that just might not feel interested in this game . There are some Mario fans that just might want to skip this one . All in all , I suggest you try this out , and see for yourself.Graphics
 Only comment I have about the game is saving your scores . That sucks when you reach over 1,000,000 points and you die and you ca n't save your progress . The graphics are really cute .
 The Sims are back , with a new and edgy attitude and environment . No more farm for you , you wake up with a thankless job in the big city and it 's your goal to make it big . You can choose from four `` groups ''
 At 28 years old , I felt I 'm a little too old to become addicted to video games.I was so wrong.The Urbz is cool , and as addicting as hot fudge sundaes . I played this game for twelve hours straight one day . The characters are funny , the challenges cool , and what 's more , after you `` beat '' the game , you can continue to play in free mode and accomplish all the rep goals . I recommend this as one of the best Sims games .
 I 've been playing this game for a week and a few days now . It 's just as addictive as Busting Out -LRB- GBA -RRB- was , but it 's pretty much the same game , plus or minus a few minor things . Rep points are a strange thing , and I 've found that they do n't really contribute to gameplay . A few of the challenges are harder than they were in Busting Out , and I 've also found that your Urb will continue to fulfill motives even after the bar is full.It is n't a bad game , but I was expecting more .
 In response to the previous reviewer . The map to paradise island is on the casino boat on the third level and once you give it ot the guy in the university you will be able to take a baot to paradise island where you will find the dancing nutria -LRB- ? -RRB- I hope this helps .
 I 'm 12 and recently received this game for my birthday . This game is so addicting ! There are 5 missions . I got to mission 3 after 2 days because I could n't stop playing . you have motives and if you dont refill them , you will collapse . You have to save the town from Daddy Bigbucks by talking to your peeps and befriending them . Buy this or you will miss out on a lot .
 This is one of the best video games I have ever purchased . I was tired of the linear/platform style wave of games that never seemed to end , so I picked Urbz up as a remedy . Right away I was hooked b/c there is so much to do yet the game never falters . Lots of cool characters , charming graphics , and mini games to exeperience . I really like the 2 businesses you can run -- baking stuff as well as making wood carvings . The designers of this game must be geniouses . Go get this one , homie .
 I have the bustin out for gba . but when I got this game I saw bustin out could n't be compared with this game . Its cool , new , and fresh . With new characters its more interesting . There 's 1 major flaw and thats that you ca n't have kids ! BUt this game is a good investment that you 'll be playing on a looooooooong time .
 Is `` Urbz
 He is one of the best games of objectives and goals that I have played . It is as good as Mario Paper 64
 My daughter and her friends love this game . We have the other Sims that is rated E also and that is a great game too . This is alot of fun and clean not R rated like the other Sims . I have not played it but , the kids love it ! My daughter is 9 and her friend is 12 .
 I have the sims bustin out and it is very fun . you get to controll other peoples lifes . I have been to the website -LRB- www.urbzsims.com -RRB- and it is fun . They update it with different things every Wednesday . I think you should check it out .
 I have to sims bustin out on GBA and PS2 . it is fun because you controll people lives . If you are a sims fun like me go and get them !
 This is going to be an awesome game!I have bustin ` out for GBA , but thyis looks like it is going to be 100 times better than bustin ` out !
 this is a pretty good game . it is fun and has many characters and the graphics are nice for a GBA game -LRB- face it GBA is not known for its graphics -RRB- anyway u start the game as an unkwown janitor who works his way up to popularity . the point of the game is to save the city from daddy big bucks from destroying it ! after you beat it does not have much replay value . but for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- what the heck ... . overall good game well worth the money
 The urbz is alot of fun but I am stuck where you just are about to go to file 3 . If you have any suggetions write something on this web page and I will write back . overall I like it and it does n't show anything if you know what I mean.I would recamend this game to anyone I know.very entetaned by the urbz , game freak7
 I played this game after `` Sim 's Bustin ' Out '' which I also loved , because they are a lot alike . This one is just cooler , and has better graphics and a great plot . The original Sim 's games have been updated in these to make goal oriented game play , so it 's much more interesting . It 's really fun , they 've come up with a great little game here , one that I am sorry I have won , because I miss it . Now , the manufacturer 's review -LRB- above -RRB- does not seem to correspond with the GBA version , as I do n't remember anything about fireworks , or sushi bars , those jobs are not in this game , or perhaps this version , so that 's a little misleading , but this game is nonetheless so much fun . I loved it . At first I found it hard in the game to make money , then after taking `` classes '' at the University I built up the creativity level , then made a ton of money painting and carving wood then selling the art at the local thrift store . If you like graphic adventures , this is a game for you . I think the creators could make so many more Sim 's games like this and I 'd play every one , if they stick to what 's working here .
 I am greatly satisfied with this product . Although this was used it worked immensely well and ran smoothly . I detected nothing wrong with the game , it was a great purchase on my part .
 bought this for my daughter who remembered it from the past ... she is enjoying it once again , glad I purchased it and at a great price !
 I bought this game at the store , which means it must have had come out recently , which means I 've had the game at least four years . I still have n't gotten sick of it . I have probably completed the game at least ten or fifteen times . I once accidentally left the game in my pocket and it got washed , but still worked fine , which of the beauty of gameboy games . Other reviewers are right about the people -- the all have distinct personalities and are n't just reincarnations of the same android . They all repsond to different things with unique phrases . Burglary is annoying , but it can be solved quickly with a security system . You get used to dealing with motives , and they are n't as hard as in the games for other video game systems . It 's possible to reach 99 % on everything without cheating and you can fill up Sleep with two sips of espresso . I 've found all of the game 's secrets , but that happened slowly over a few years . I still have n't unlocked the clubhouse which is impossible I 'm pretty sure -LRB- You 'll find out when you play -RRB- . And for those who love Sim games with cheats , there 's one in here , as well as a few useful glitches -LRB- ones that have to do with wooden things and auctions ... . hint hint -RRB- . This is my favorite of the three Sim games for GBA -- I 've probably spent my time in a 3:2:1 ratio , Urbz : Sims Bustin ' Out : Sims 2 . I recommend it .
 I have all for Sims GBA games , Bustin ' Out , Urbz , Sims 2 , and Sims 2 pets . But Urbz is definitly the best by far . It is the most easiest to understand because the neighborhood is so little , unlike Bustin ' Out where it takes forever to get around . Also the goals are easy if you know what you are doing . There is nothing bad about this game . So about this game , you work at King Tower and your boss sold it to Daddy Bigbucks . Daddy Bigbucks is rich and is planning to turn Miniapolis , what the town is called , into his own . You are not happy about this because you lost your job . And , your friend , Kris Thistle , accendently locks everyone inside the building . So YOU have to go get the keys from Daddy Bigbuck 's office and break out . Well you get caught and go to jail when it was all Kris 's fault . In fact , in this game , you are always in trouble because you do things other people ask you to do , but its ok . So , there are three sections of the neighborhood , but once Detective D. Mann lets you out , you can only go to one part where you have to buy one of the two houses available . Well , you have to complete a lot of goals and then you can get to the next neighborhood , and you do more goals to get the the final neighborhood . Well some of these goals are pretty wacky . One makes you end up in a swamp with too weirdos and one of them turns into a vampire . Another goal gets you a motorcylce . And one goal makes you on a TV show insulting people . It sounds weird , but along with that , it is fun . But , you have to take care of the Sim you make or , you will be at the doctor 's the whole time and that is not fun . So , I hope you enjoy this game because it is worth it !
 This game is really fun and keeps you on your toes . My only problem was , I had to go to a hint site to be able to progress in the game . I am an adult and totally love it .
 The Urbz is by far my favorite sims game , for the gameboy version at least . I own all of the gameboy sims games and this one is the one I end up playing most . Your only a janitor , struggling to survive in Minneopolis . Sounds pretty weird , I know , but its tons of fun ! I could n't put this game down , and my grandparents got pretty annoyed with me . But if your looking for a great game to play this is a good one . The music is good which actually makes you want to keep the volume up . I do n't have any complaints for this game . 5 stars and tons of fun . A bit of advice though , if you buy it , make sure you get your popularity up while your playing . Otherwise you 'll have to get it up all at once which gets boring . You 'll know what I 'm talking about once you buy it . So what 're you still reading this for ? GO BUY IT ! HURRY ! ITS FUN !
 This is by far the best sims game I have ever played . It is much easier to handle than the computer games and there are tons of minigames so you never get bored . You can create your own character , change clothes from day to day and customize your home . It 's Great !
 My kids love this game ! I had to buy a second one so they 'd quit fighting over it !
 This game is very addicting I brought it for my nintendo ds that can also play Game boy advance games in it . I could play this game all day because it is really fun . the object of the game is to have your sim completed a bunch of different missions . This is a a fun game if you are a sims fan like me .
 This was my first Sims . It took a while to get used to , but i love it . IUts so much fun , its even got replay value !
 I 've played Sims Bustin ' Out , Sims2 and The Urbz
 A fun sequal to the sims bustin out , the urbz is twice the fun ! meet new people , explore the city , BE A PUNK !!! anyway i have and play it all the time . so should you .
 I am so shocked that this game is so great ! i was addicted , my parents could n't even pry me away from it ! I think that it was so much better!Pro 's : More HOusesMore PetsMOre MinigamesMORE GOOD GRAPHICS!Cons : Long GOals -LRB- i had to buy the cheat book to finish it -RRB- Eats up timeI loved this game !!! great investment of hard earned money !!!!
 This is a really fun game . You get to do a lot of stuff talk to people get zizzles while compleating your needs . To survive mostly you need to talk to people and do your needs . Sometimes it can be anoying esp . if you need to get something done . It 's better then Sims because you get to explore the city and get talking skills . If you want a game that takes a lot of time get ubz .
 The Urbz is fun game that you can get rich , live the large life , have tons of furniture in your Skyline Penthouse , and shop , shop , shop , and shop ! You can have a roommate and kick them out whenever you descide that they are annoying when they just stand there and look around.In The Urbz , you have goals to complete , and after you complete your goals , what do you know ? More goals ! Sounds cool and fun , but it can get a little tiering and it can start to give you a headache if you ar n't in the right lighting . The view can make it kind of dull and boring , but one you complete all 5 missions with an average of 5 or 6 sets of goals , -LRB- Sets of goals have goals that you have to complete to check of that set -RRB- You can get MORE goals by getting the happieness of a group leader up to 100 % and stuff like that . After you do that , most likely you get REP goals ! =D Once you complete the goals for one group , you get a REP point with that group ! =D Yippie ! * Sarcasum * You can do lots of stuff that I ca n't name that will get you a REP point with a group . Once you collect all 10 points with that group , you unlock a clubhouse room in a clubhouse in GlassTown ! =D -LRB- A place in Miniopolis -RRB- It all comes down to this . The game is fun at first , but gets hard and boring once you get past mission one . Heck , The begining is boring too!Overall , I would n't recomend this game to anyone that gets bored by anything in this universe .
 this game is awesome with graphics amazing since its only a gameboy game . WAY better graphics than sims bustin out !
 Sims Urbz is awesome !!!!!! I am actually stuck . Question to fellow players
 This is a cockpit view racing simulator . Sure , it 's 10 years old and on a CD not a dvd , but it 's amazing . The 2012 version of `` need for speed hot pursuit '' is a fly behind the car game , with no cockpit view option . If you like driving lots of fast cars and do n't like a lot of stupid extras , then this game is for you .
 No scratches on the disc , works fine when you put it to work . Had been a long while since I played the game as a kid , felt good to re-live it .
 The game came in in-time and I was amazed that it had been sent via registered post , and not just ordinary post.Overall , I think this purchase was a good experience .
 I think Need For Speed Hot Pursuit 2 is a pretty good game , although now there Need For Speed series has progressed through 2007 , the older NFS games still have a fanbase . The thing is - they dont make the new ones like they used to , so thats why I bought this . I 'd say its a pretty good game from what I 've played , I have not encountered any problems with it . You basically go through a big tournament for the main game and you can buildup points to buy cars and new tracks to drive on , while completing the races . Theres also a `` Be The Cop '' mode where you chase down people driving a police car -LRB- theres several to choose from -RRB- with the ability to call in a helicopter to drop bombs -LRB- Which I thought was pretty ridiculous myself -RRB- , call for a backup unit , or setup a roadblock or spike strip -LRB- You can not choose which , its random whether they use a roadblock or spike strip . -RRB- I think my biggest nitpick with the game is just that its so arcade feeling , the driving is okay , but its almost like the cars dont have power steering , and if you hit anyone or anything it probably isnt going to do very much in terms of damage since its like crashing matchbox cars together . The graphics are pretty dated , but for late 2007 I still dont think they look all that bad for a game made in the early 2000s . I 'd say the sound effects are okay too , the music is okay too although many of the songs werent familiar to me.You can also download modifications for this game , so you can swap out the standard cars for new cars that you can download off websites , so if you dont like some of the cars you can replace them , including the police car , with new ones . Other mods available make the tracks look better , and ramp up the skill of the opponent racers and police , making it harder for you , pretty good if you want more of a challenge.Overall the game can be had for about 10 $ or so so I dont see any problem with buying it despite its shortcomings - just dont sit there and think its a bad game because its not the latest release , because its not . The thing that nagged me the most was as I said earlier , that it felt so unrealistic at times , the car physics - especially when ramming into people - felt pretty fake . But otherwise I didnt think it was a bad game and considering the price I 'd say it was worth it . Enjoy !
 I was addicted to this game in a heartbeat . I love cars and tend to have fun gawking at lamborghinis and ferraris , so i was rather amazed at how great the graphics are . The cars and scenery are very realistic and well-done , and the tracks are both challenging and enjoyable . i 'm not a big-time gamer , so it 's easy to impress me , but this is probably my favorite racing game . the police set up road blocks and send helicopters after you to drop bombs if you 've been speeding for most of the track , making it fun to dodge explosions and such . You can change the weather condition -LRB- when it 's set at overcast it gets tougher due to the thick fog -RRB- and some competition courses are set a sunset so sections are dark , making those tracks harder . If you are looking for an easy game to beat , this is not for you , but if you 're in for a thrill and racing fast cars against tough competitors , than you 're in for some fun .
 Need for Speed is a great racing game beet the cops or be a cop get it ! it 's the best game ever better than the other need for speed products
 * This is my first encounter with Ty the Tasmanian Tiger games , and I say this game is great ! The sound is really good and the graphics are pretty good . Some parts get frustrating and you just want to turn it off , but when you try one more time , you unlock new levels or discover a new hidden tunnel to opals . Why , does Ty have to get liscenses to use bunnyips ? That sucks ! Well , to all you new Ty fans , definitely give Ty 2 a chance !! *
 Considering how I 've been spending alot of my free time playing platformers ; like the newer Spyro games and Banjo-Kazooie
 I 'm going to buy it based on the first game . I have the first game on the PS . It is awsome ! The grapics are great , the music goes with the settings and Ty -LRB- the main character is a great kung-fu fighter for a tiger -RRB- I would recommend this game for boys mostly . For tom boys , you might enjoy the game . There are pros and cons though.Pros : great musicgreat graphicsgreat focus as it shouldkeeps you busy for hourssomething like Morat Combat but only with animalsCons : one player onlySome over all , if you have `` ty the warth of the tiger '' and you like it you might love this . If you like kung-fu and that kind of stuff you will love this game . As soon as it come out I 'm getting it on GBA and PS2 !
 works great and arrived on time :-RRB- this was a christmas present for my son and he absolutely loved it ! ty
 If you have Ty the Tasmanian Tiger 1 you know what I 'm talking about . Number two will be out of this world !!! I ca n't wait 'till this comes out.I hope it 's better than the first.P.S.All the TTT fans , buy this game !!! -LRB- TTT = Ty the Tasmanian Tiger -RRB-
 Advent Rising is the first in an epic trilogy . And to be honest , I think they started it off wonderfully.Now , there are some technical issues though . These issues are pretty minor to me . The only people that will not play this because are a few nit-picky gamers . The issues are
 Advent Rising is a third & first person shooter that is a fast pace Sci-Fi Epic like gaming experience that is best desribed as a star wars/halo2 mix . But Advent Rising is still a unique game in its own right . You play in 1st & 3rd person which can be changed while playing . There are about 11 different weapons ranging from ballistic to the alien variety & they all have great response , sound , & power . You are able to equip & fire from both hands by using both triggers simular to halo2 , & most weapons have alternate fire modes . You can perform Melee attacks & will get advanced melee 's as you progress in mastery levels 1-5 . The Mastery Level is a reward system , as you use a weapon or power you will automaticly gain level ups such as more damage or better accuracy , also it 'll open up alternate fire modes on special power & weapons you can gain up to 5 levels on all weapons & powers.You eventually will aquire Special Powers simular to force powers in star wars games . These powers include LEVITATE , which gives you the ability to levitate enemies & shoot them in mid air , also lift inanimate objects & you can also throw enemies off cliffs , SURGE which is a type of force push to damage enemies & if you hold trigger for a stronger surge blast , NEGATE which gives you the ability to make a shield & its advanced stages you are able to put up multiple sheilds ,4 when maxed out , alternatly you can carry a shield , AEON PULSE which gives you the ability to shoot pulses from your hands in which damages the enemy , TIME SHIFT which gives you the abilty to warp time & attack enemy at a great speed which causes alot of damage to enemy , it basicly looks like a quick sprint into the enemy , kinda like a running charge at a blurring speed , & finally SHATTER which you can shoot ice shards , which look more like blue spheres on screen , & its advanced stages can freeze an enemy . All Weapons & Powers also have -LRB- alternate -RRB- modes of fire & powers in which become available as you advance in mastery levels 1-5 . All powers use energy but as you gain mastery levels you will use less energy.You automaticly are awarded the power ups as you fight or use powers , you can look in your weapons & powers menu to see there effects.You have different vehicles to drive that resemble halos warthog , & there is an enemy alien tank that looks quite good . The land vehicle -LRB- scythe -RRB- 4x4 , is very responsive & has very strong boost power . You can also operate anti-air turrets when available.For the most part your on foot.This game is a pure 1st & 3rd person shooter with an added very helpful force type super powers , these powers arent thrown in just for fun or looks you 'll definalty use them & need them alot , I found myself prefering to use the force type powers more & more in the later stages , because in Advent Rising the more you use anything the stronger it gets with the mastery level up system.You can equip a power to one hand & a weapon to the other hand for an endless array of good combinations , or you could just use the powers , whatever works for you.The graphics are good & they get better as you advance in the game , but I do have a `` S '' cable so keep that in mind.Overall Advent is a very fun game , but could use some polishing up on a few things . The targeting system is a little herky-jerky . You use the right analog stick to change & hone in onto targets . Adversly you also use the right analog for the camera pan & tilt . Things makes things a little unbalanced when in a firefight as sometimes when you are trying to look into a certain direction the targeting ring will lock onto a different target than you intended . But I had no serious problems that hampered my game experince with the targeting system . I think it would have been better to have a cleaner smoother targeting system or even a free form target system like most first & third person shooters have . But you can adjust the Targeting systems sensitivity in the options menu.There is also alot of slow down when the screen gets full & on one occasion the sound got messed up . But even with these game flaws Advent Rising is still a very fun shooter with nice level detail which is 95 % linear but still very EPIC movie like in design . I noticed there are some simularities to halo2 in the design of some of the levels in Advent , with vast open spaces & the like . But dont let me mislead you Advent shouldnt be compared to HALO2 . Id say Advent is a loose mix between a star wars type game & halo2 . The cutscenes are nicley done with Great story content & good voice acting & there are a ton of clips to be seen . Advent gameplay is good but when the framerates slow down , which is often , is gets stiff . And the camera could be a little smoother , but your still able to see in -LRB- 3-d -RRB- all directions like other 1st & 3rd person shooters . But even with all of these flaws Advent is still a very fun shooter.I beat the game on Normal difficulty in 3 days , the story was very good , just make sure to watch the entire CREDITS because at the end there 's a surprise Boss battle with another ending & it definatly opens up for the sequel . You have 4 difficulty settings Easy , Normal , Hard , & Ultra . Its a fairly challenging game thats not too easy , & not too hard , but you can change difficulty while your playing to suit your needs.Its a very good start to a game series , hopefully with some fine tuning , sequels to this game will take note of gamers comments & improve on it . In a nutshell Advent Rising is kinda like watching a very good Epic movie storyline while you get to partake in being the star.Advent Rising is a fun overall Sci-Fi gaming experience regardless of its flaws . Definalty Worth Playing.Im looking forward to the sequel .
 First off im not a kid I just dont want to waste my time and make a account . Anyways on to the review . This game was excellent I had a lot of fun playing , and it got better as it went on . I loved the super powers you get and had alot of fun beating seekers until they were jell-o . However THE TARGETING SYSTEM NEEDS TO DIE !
 Advent Rising is the first in the Advent Trilogy . This is a great start for a franchise that is sure to have people talking for a long time . The game does have it 's glitches , but they seem small and unimportant compared to the game 's great aspects . I am really suprised by the low scores that have been given by IGN , GameSpot , etc. . I think this trilogy will be a compelling , original experience , that will have it 's fair share of glory before it is through.First , I want to state that Tommy Talarico Studios has done a phenomenal job with the music . The music was what really brought together the whole experience for me . When the humans started to be attacked , I got a real sense of tragedy that only great music can deliver . Throughout the entire game , I was drawn in by the simple , yet effective , melodies . Advent Rising has some of the best audio of this year.The next thing I want to talk about is the story . You play Gideon Wyeth . The younger brother of renowned captain , and playboy , Ethan Wyeth . The story is that you and your brother are to escort an ambassidor onto an alien shuttle , so that your races can become allies . The aliens , who are called Aurelians , warn you that the Seekers are coming to destroy the humans . The story draws you in so quickly , that you will find it hard to put the controller down , even to go to the bathroom . Some of the cinematics are very long . Advent Rising compensates for this by letting you pause during the cinematics , and letting you skip them , or restart it , but I digress . Back to the story . Very early in the game , you are faced with a tough decision . Both your brother Ethan , and your fiance Olivia are injured . You can only save one . It makes little difference in the end who you choose , but I found the outcome very sad.Next comes the gameplay . This game is very interesting , because it is kind of a Third Person Action Shooter RPG . Let me explain . There are a variety of elements in the game , that keep it diverse and fun . The RPG element comes into play , when you have used a weapon or ability so much , that you become more proficient in the skill . Later in the game , you learn from Kehlem , an Aurelian , how to levitate objects . You gain different unerthly skills throughout the game , which you can become more proficient in.Overall , Advent Rising is amazing . It is an original , fun , and extraordinary experience . The stunning visuals , beautiful music , and compelling gameplay , come together to deliver a refreshment from the same old games . This is a sure contender for game of the year . Advent Rising is the first in a trilogy that will take the gaming world by storm .
 This was one of my first online purchases . It was such a good deal I had to get it ! I was very happy with it since it came nicely packaged and was shipped right away . It 's a pretty sweet game too , and I only ever heard about it from a co-worker .
 Majesco games are mixed bag . Some games end up being good like this game and Bloodrayne . Others end up being totally crappy and become horrific nightmares to play like Drake of the 99 Dragons -LRB- I played that sack of crap all the way through and it sucked every step of the way ! -RRB- . Of all the Majesco games I 've played , Advent Rising had the most potential , but the game was released at a bad time and did n't make much money . No more trilogy . No more hardcore games from Majesco . Damn ... I 'm also saddened to see that Drake of the 99 Dragons is worth almost as much as this game is for a brand new copy . Shame , shame.WHAT THE GAME IS
 I got this game a couple months ago soon after i bought an xbox , i had read a few reviews and stuff and it sounded ok . A lot more peopleare now reporting a lot of glitches and problems . This has happened to me a couple times , the machine has froze up on me twice in the probably 50 hours I have played this game , and that 's not very much . The framerate does sometimes slow down , but you just have to move out of the fight for it to come back.The graphics are amazing along with the character models , sure there could have been more graphical details , but some of the landscape was pretty vast . The cinematics , although quite long , were very well done and bring the story along nicely . Also the music fits the game well and is very catchy , I would find it stuck in my head a lot and want to be able to listen to it.Now on to the gameplay , this is n't your typical third person shooter , rather than an over the shoulder view like ghost recon , they used a farther back veiw which allows you to see more of the character . This also improves the look of meleeing , but i would have liked to be able to implement weapons into meleeing . The dodging abilities and increasing stats in powers , athleitcs , and melee change the game every time you play it , you can focus on a certain gun one time you play , and only use your powers the next time you play through it . Th flick targeting system is a very innovative design and , once you get used to it , is very cool.overall , if you can look past the glitches this game has , it is a very fun game and is worth picking up , even if its short . Especially with the twist it has in the end of this first game in a hopefully trilogy
 This is a good game for a relatively low price . Human and Seeker -LRB- the bad aliens -RRB- weapons along with `` force '' powers like shields and lifting abilities enhance the game . The flick targeting system is both helpful and annoying . It alloys you to quickly target an enemy but can switch enemies while fighting which is extremely annoying .
 This game kicks ass . Plain and simple . The technical issues are insignificant compared to the overall quality . I found the flick targeting glitch to mildly annoying , but it rarley was a problem for me , actually i found it to be very useful when firing while moving . Somebody mentioned something about the abrupt narrative clip segues , but I think that 's just nitpicking an otherwise beautiful , incredibly entertaining ride .
 I loved Advent Rising , but there are parts in the game where it it seems like there is a glitch . Like in the beginning where you first see Seekers , when one scanned a civillian , he started beating him up . When he was beating him up , the sounds of the Seeker punching him were off from the actual cut scene action . And sometimes after a cut scene , it just freezes and goes right into game play and that can ruin the moment . Otherwise besides a few glitches , I really did love it and I am not judging the game by its slight glitches . I highly recommend playing this if you like action games , but anyone who does n't like drama in an action game might not like it , but even you people who do n't like drama should give it a shot .
 Advent rising simply is a great game . The gameplay is fun and unique combining groundbreaking elements never before seen in a video game . It had top-notch sound as well as pretty good graphics and effects . The game does have a few visual glitches but these are soonforgotten ; lost in advent rising 's greatness.Gameplay-5sound-5story-5graphics-4Advent rising simply was given much hate and distaste undeservingly . The reviews for the game are great scratch a few from gamespot .
 I loved this game so much that I hunted it down and ordered it . Unfortunately I do n't have an original Xbox anymore but now I have a 360 . This game is NOT backwards compatible with the 360 ... -LRB- Big sadface -RRB- so be sure to have some sort of way to play it before getting it .
 This was an amazing game . The story was great and had amazing writing and cut scenes . My biggest video game disappointment is that there was n't more of this game or sequels or something to keep it going .
 Advent rising is one of those gems that a minor problem doomed to obscurity . The game control interface is glitchty and irritating , but the game play and story far outweigh this . The storyline of the game is written by Orson Scott Card of `` Enders Game '' fame , and the soundtrack is nothing short of Epic . If glitchy game controls dont bother you , i highly recomend this game .
 There are some review sites and reviewers that say this is a horrible game . but the fact is this is one of the best games I have played on a last generation console . It is a downright shame they canceled the trilogy . The game balances easy and fun game play with an epic story . If you have the old Xbox , order this game . Its just that simple .
 Alright ... I do n't normally leave reviews . I just happen to believe this game deserves one.Note
 Well , I liked it . I never encountered any of the technical gitches that other people are reporting , and I had no problem with the flick targeting . I enjoyed the combat system - its tough to do something some complicated seamlessly , especially without a keyboard or other device with lots of buttons.Hey , the story was a bit melodramatic and the voice acting was sort of funny , but I liked the cheese . The music was fantastic and I thought the game played very well overall .
 this game was amazing , I know it has been compaired to halo but it blows halo out of the water , the plot is awsome and the graphics and setting are riviting . I would recomend this game to any gamer .
 Well , I 've just finished this first installment , and must say it is rather brilliant . I must give it a full five stars , because I approve so of the innovations in gameplay and theme.The gameplay is a little difficult , on account of being complex . But the game 's opening gives one the ability to familiarize oneself with combat for as long as one likes before moving on , and I advise doing so - besides the practicality of it , the weapons availible from the start are gleefully powerful and fun to use . Later on in the game one is given mind powers to use , and one will need to rely on these in several parts of the game . These powers are exciting and beautifully rendered , as well as original.Gameplay is pushed beyond the normal limits of play/video alternation , with many situations where events that would normally be conveyed via a clip instead integrated into the gameplay - calling for more reflexes and making things that much more immersive.The game does have its technical faults , as many have said . These amounted for me to a bit of lag in several places , abnormalities in the sound delivery -LRB- this is the main fault - some noises are skipped , some are delivered at reduced volume , some were even too loud . None of these were particularly annoying , though , and only happen when there is a large workload on the system , such as during large firefights -RRB- , and a few freezes , but these only near the beginning of the game . Given the graphical quality , however , none of this was surprising . Rather , I 'm surprised they could go this far with the Xbox , and I suspect that future installments will be made for the 360 instead.As for the story , it deserves all the praise it 's gotten , for it is entertaining and polished enough , as one would expect with the screenplay written by Orson Scott Card . For the record , I admire the decision to give story that much attention , and feel that this is the direction which games need to continue to go , as they are replacing television as the dominant form of entertainment . The story is also strangely compelling , for myself at least , in the way it protrays human beings - contrasted against alien races , revered as the originators by these peoples -LRB- contrary to the popular new-age belief that alien races `` planted '' us here ! -RRB- , and given extraordinary power . I 'm not quite sure of the how and why of this themery yet , and suspect that it will be dealt with more in future . But , in the face of ruthless destruction , mankind has found the ability to fight back with unelievable power , and the character which we play is the catalyst to it all . At the same time there is a sense of loss , of no going backwards . Sound worth your while ? I think so , I just think so .
 I first saw a commercial for Advent Rising while watching TV maybe a couple of months ago and when it first came out I bought it without second thought . This is mainly becuase I went online and researched the game and found out that Orson Scott Card helped write the scripting for the game , and I love his Sci-fi work . It was one of those situations that I just could n't say no to.Let me first start off with saying that the plot , characters , and just the whole concept of the game are 2 thumbs up across the board . A little rundown is that a race of aliens , the Seekers , have it out for humans becuase all across the galaxy humans are worshipped as gods for the powers and nobility , but are thought extinct . The Seekers know that this is not true and are hunting down all human survivors after they originally destroyed Earth.You play as Gideon Wyeth , and the humans , after moving to a different planet , but having been isolated for so long , have forgotten their pass , finally meet friendly E.T. 's . This other group of aliens has come to warn the humans of the imminent destruction of their race and advises them to evacuate their planet as fast as possible.The bad news is that the Seekers show up right then and destroy everyone except Gideon , his brother , and a female captian who they escaped offworld in her ship . Gideons wife was taken , and after his brother also dies in the endless struggle for freedom , he 's basically pissed.Thats about the some of the game , in a nutshell of course , because the in-game conversations are n't corny as many games are , and many of the in game movies have been leveled up from just cut scenes using game graphics to just below Final Fantasy
 Let me start off by saying that this game is not another Halo . In no way does it attempt at coming close . It is , though , a fun and interesting game set in the Sci-Fi world . Yes , it has its own share of flaws like difficult targeting and jumpy scenes , but overall it plays well . There is a little bit of a learning curve.I have been playing video games for quite a while and it took me about an hour to get used to the controls . The story is penned by Orson Scott Card , who by the way wrote the fantastic sci-fi adventure novel Ender 's Game . The sound is dramatic and well done , and even brings back fond memories of the singing monks in Halo.The graphics are top notch . I do not want to ruin anything for you , but when you see the gigantic space station floating out in space as you rocket over to it is awe inspiring . The characters are memorable and the story provides some shockers that left me glassy eyed and open-mouthed . Let 's review : PROSBeautiful GraphicsWell Written StoryInteresting WeaponsVehiclesMemorable Musical ScoreDynamic CharactersReplay ValueSecret PowersCONSTargeting IssuesJumpy ScenesFalty A.I.Not quite HaloOverall this game has been enjoyable and a fun experience . There will also be 2 more games following this one . Depending on the choices you make in this game will depict how the story plays out through the next games . I would rent it first and see if you like it at first then , buy it . Hope this was helpful .
 Wonderful game with intriguing story despite it 's many technical problems . I think we should start a petition to remake the game for xbox 360/PS3 fix the technical problems , update the graphics , and leave the beautiful story and original gameplay as it was .
 Advent Rising was announced a few years ago as the first in a trilogy that was epic in scope . It has all the workings of a great project as well . The original story began in the director 's mind and he knew it would be such a grand story that he enlisted the help of notable sci-fi scribe Orson Scott Card to help work the script . Card worked on the script , getting the dialogue right and also assisted with the overall story . On top of an excellent author , they employed an orchestra and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir to perform . All of these should spell out to be a recipe for sucess . And it does , sort of.What holds this game back from glory are the myriad of technical issues . To begin with , the game is beautiful . Graphic-wise , it reminds me of Halo 2 . Halo 2 had no loading after the initial load and the graphics , while nice , suffered at times from having to be rendered quickly . The same goes for Advent Rising . In fact , while you are watching a cutscene , the game is busy loading the next sequence . What this does is put a tremendous strain on the engine . If the engine is strong , it should n't pose much problem . But , unfortunately , this sometimes spells disaster for Advent Rising.The first 40 minutes of the game did not give me a great first impression . During the training sequences , the game locked up three times . I had to replay the same sequence about 4 times to get through it simply because I did something the game did n't like and it froze . The game auto-saves onces you hit certain check points and if you have to reset the game , you 're starting back over from the beginning of the checkpoint . Things became much better as the game progressed and I do n't remember the game freezing again.Added to the lock ups , the game stutters when there 's too many things going on at once . I do n't mean when little things are happening , I mean when you have a squad of 3-4 people on your team shooting at 4-6 enemies and there 's two drop ships coming in and launching missles that explode with huge flames . When that happens , the game 's audio begins to `` click , '' the frame rate drops very noticeably and things become a bit annoying . But again , this only really happens when there 's a ton going on.Unfortunately , more technical issues abound . Namely in the sound . With the beautifully orchestrated music pounding , the screams of people fleeing certain destruction , the explosions , the lazers tearing apart buildings , you 'd expect to have a lot of sound . Unfortunately , in the cutscenes the sound tends to be muted . To give you an example , on my surround sound receiver -LRB- which the game supports by the way -RRB- , I usually keep the sound at 10-11 for a decent , full sound that does n't also piss off my neighbors . For this game , generally I have to have the sound on at 16-17 and it 's still muted . I know the reason is probably because the game is loading the next scene and the engine is faltering because of it.A love it or hate it device is used for targeting . Called `` flick targeting , '' you use the right stick to change between your targets , effectively `` flicking '' it in their general direction to lock onto them . For those who use their right stick to change the camera constantly , like me , this can take some time to get used to . But , if you can train yourself not to change the camera as much will find it works pretty well . Where it can get into a problem is when you are trying to run from the enemy to get to cover . When this happens , and you try to reorient the camera to find some place to run , it can become frustrating to continually lock onto targets . Also , when you receive your power to levitate objects , this becomes even more of a hindrance as you not only lock onto enemies now but also moveable objects . Click the right stick -LRB- R3 button -RRB- helps with this problem because it releases the camera but it still causes moments of annoyance . Honestly , though , it 's a great system to handle more than one enemy at a time.At the heart of the game , past all of the technical problems and targeting woes is a great story . The beginning of the story with the Seeker 's attack of your home world reminded me of what Halo 2 was missing . Here we saw devastation on your homeworld , we fought on the homeworld and it generally stressed the feeling of your world at risk . From there , it 's an epic event after epic event as the seekers cause untold problems , a few plot twists occur and a few deaths propel our protagonist toward his goal . It 's a great story and the dialogue is terrific , bring to mind movie quality . The voice actors are a charm to listen to , and there are a couple funny moments . Card 's influenced can be seen everywhere . In fact , I was waiting for the main characters to break out in a discussion of Varelese and Ramen in terms of aliens -LRB- read the Ender 's series if you did n't get that -RRB- . For all that 's good in this game , and there 's plenty do not get me wrong , I feel semi-disappointed . This game has been pushed back countless times . Mostly , it 's been pushed back to help fix the frame rate issues , and other technical problems I 've noted . And so when the game was finally released I was shocked when the very things that made it miss release date upon release date were still causing problems . What is most annoying is that we are this far in the Xbox development cycle and bugs abound . We are currently waiting for Xbox 360 to come out and countless games have been made that are more beautiful and less buggy than this game . It 's disappointing to see that even this far into the Xbox life problems are still occuring . Maybe the game was too grand for the Xbox and should have been an Xbox 360 launch title . Whatever the case , this game is really good , regardless of the problems . If you can overlook the technical issues above , you will find not only a good game , but a good game with a heart . And that 's hard to find today .
 Let me start off by saying that all of the official reviews you have read for this game have been completely wrong . I have yet to see any positive feedback from professional reviewers about Advent Rising , which is proof that every one of them needs to be fired from their jobs.Now , with that aside , let me talk about the miraculous thing that is Advent Rising . I have never found myself so immersed in an experience as I have with this game . The gameplay is addictive , the story is compelling , and the music is to die for.Bugs : There is n't a game out there as unique as Advent Rising . Look past the glitches and slowdowns and you are clearly playing one of the most fun and incredible games ever released . Everyone has badmouthed the Flick Targeting , but all I have to say is that I play with an inverted camera , and I still found the targeting tolerable . Can you imagine targeting to the right and the camera moves left ? It was n't easy , but still , I gave the game a 5 , so you know it ca n't be that bad.-The framerate , in my opinion , is n't an issue , cause it only slows down about 4 times through the entire game , and not even enough to get you killed.-Lockups are the same , rare.-Music fades in and out , and will sometimes overpower the dialogue . -LRB- But music can be turned off -RRB- - In fact , the only glitches worth mentioning are :1 . Every so often the camera will continue to lock on a target after they have been killed , meaning that you ca n't look ahead . It is quickly fixed though as another object is targeted .2 . While using Aeon Pulse alternate fire the character will get stuck in the air .3 . The health of the 2nd boss is inconsistent , one time it is easy to kill , other times it will take hours.Gameplay : Advent Rising delivers more surprises than any game out their . I 've lost count of how many times I 've just had to pause the game and think of how awesome what I 've just pulled off was . You can do SO many things at one time that it is incredible , and I am STILL finding new things like ... MINOR SPOILERS ... the fact that you charge up the surge power and deliver a deadly blow that looks awesome . Also , that you can freeze the Seekers and then completely shatter them . Sure I 'd heard people talking about it , but pulling it off is amazing . In what other game can I slow down time , kick a guy through the air , run across the room and then kick him again before he hits the ground ? I can literally pick up 5 bad guys , throw them into Lava , and fire a rocket launcher at a mech-baddie while flying through the air in slow-motion , all at the same time . And then finish that one off by landing and spinning my launcher like some cowboy , it 's incredible ! End Spoilers.-The coolest things however , are the RPG elements . Choices you make effect the storyline , and the powers/weapons you can level-up on create a unique character every time you play.Story and Characters : I wo n't spoil it , but it is the best storyline I 've ever played in a game . This game made me cry , enough said.-The characters are actually interesting ! I want to learn about them , want to know where they came from . And Ethan is the man ! One of the best characters out there . Gideon is cool too , but Ethan really made the game for me . - -LRB- Minor Spoiler is you 're sensitive like that -RRB- Just a hint that wo n't spoil it for people who have n't played it yet . If you want the story to reach its highest potential I 'll just say this ... pick the dude . The game makes more sense that way.Problems : - Other than the formentioned glitches , the character models other than Gideon and Ethan , and the Aliens , are rather dull . I would loved to have seen the females look better because during the city scenes there was only one skin for them , while the men had at least 4 . Made it unbelievable.-No subtitles . Without them it is hard to know what the characters are saying because the music , or mumble of their voice.You have to play this game with an open mind , and whatever you do , do n't play the entire game the same way . There are so many ways to kill things , that experimenting is so much fun . The landscapes are breathtaking and the weaponry is killer . And I do n't care what anyone says , this game did not copy Halo with the Seekers . They look nothing like the Covenant , and the gamplay is actually much more fun than Halo.Don ' t be deceived by the beginning of the game , I was , and I regretted getting the game , but by the end , I was completely immersed in the world and did n't want it to end . Let 's hope the sequels fix the minor problems and expand on the already incredible gameplay.I 've already said this , but the game made me cry , and that 's tough for me . It is truly one of the best games I 've ever played , and IS the most fun.Just remember , have an open mind , you 'll love it ! And as long as you are n't a picky and spoiled moron , the glitches wo n't bother you enough to keep you from this incredible experience.We need more games like this !
 In this generation of gaming , a dark age if ever there was one , where great games are few and far between , and sequel after sequel sells while great aspirations so often go unrealized , swept away in the flood of mediocrity , comes a game that turns me back into a true believer ... I 've been around . I 've owned so many game systems , tried so many styles of games . I 've looked and searched and hoped and dreamed ... that there would one day come a game that took the strengths and lost the weaknesses that have plagued seemingly every action game.What does a good action game need ? What have they been lacking ? Well , think of all those stupid first-person-shooters , all those mindless action games . They have you mowing down hordes of enemies ... and then jumping across a gap and falling to your death ! You 're blasting your way through all kinds of madness , and then you ca n't find the key to open the stupid door to the next area ! How often I would dream of a game where there 's no stupid jumping puzzles ! No stupid key searches ! Instead ... you blast enemies , the story progresses , and the doors OPEN when you approach them ! YES !!!!! But I 'm getting ahead of myself.This game is what every Star Wars action game wishes it was . It 's what Jedi Knight should have been . It 's what Gun Valkyrie shoudl have been . It 's what I 've been waiting for ... a fun game!The beginning of the game you 're walking around and talking and training . Then you meet the aliens . And all heck breaks loose . And wow ! Suddenly with both X-box triggers you 're blasting through hordes of enemies as the ship breaks apart . And from there the action almost never stops.Your abilities level up as you go , and after a few levels you get POWERS . Then the game immediately goes from good to AWESOME . All powers have level ups that come from usage . And as the game progresses the powers get progressively cooler . But the real greatness comes not from the powers but what you can DO with them . You can grab weapons out of enemies hands , then shoot them with them . You can freeze time and run to enemies and take them down in hand-to-hand combat . You can put up energy shields and then backflip and cartwheel in and out of their path while firing energy blasts out of your hands . You can snipe with guns and toss enemies around with with telekinesis . And because you of the awesome targeting system and excellent control menus , it 's painless to target enemies and switch weapons and powers.Most of the complaints in this game seem to center around said flick-targeting system , glitches in the system , slow-down , and camera issues . Some also do n't like the difficulty . To all of this I say ... what 's your problem?The flick-targeting system is brilliant . It allows you to easily switch targets and focus the camera instantly . You can adjust it 's sensitivity if it 's not working for you quite right . Same with the camera . But honestly , this is an ACTION game . AJUST TO IT ! Every game has camera issues ! Most action games have slowdown ! And as games with bugs go , please keep in mind that Knights of the Old Republic has more bugs than the state of Florida and people got over that ! Honestly , the bugs , slow-down , jaggies , WHATEVER simply are n't big enough to even be an issue.The game has INCREDIBLE level design . It has loads of cool weapons . It has GREAT boss battles -LRB- fighting a flying tank single-handedly for the first time was so much fun the first time ! -RRB- . It 's LOADS of fun . It has a great story , great music , great controls , adjustable difficulty , inspired characters , good voice-acting , and simply limitless possibilities for gameplay.For a long while I thought this was a four star game because of the bugs and slowdown and whatnot . But in light of the slow-motion dodging , the music , the gamespy , and the incredible amount of FUN that this game is , I simply can not give it fewer than five stars . This is one of the most under-rated games I 've ever played , and probably the best game for the X-Box , with only the phenomenal KOTOR games challenging it . Everyone who likes action or sci-fi games should definitely play this game . I do n't think I 'll ever get tired of it . It 's just too deep and fun a game !
 Advent Rising is the first of what promises to be an amazing trilogy . The story is a great sci-fi adventure . To finally see a quality script and quality voiceacting in a video game is a treat . The soundtrack is nothing short of spectacular and completely immerses you the game , I may purchase it when it becomes available . What 's more , even though this is the first part of a trilogy , you do n't feel cheated at the end of the game -LRB- like in Halo 2 -RRB- . The first installment gives a nice feeling of completion . The only things keeping this game from a five star rating are the technical problems -LRB- which on the whole are minor -RRB- and the graphics -LRB- not what you would expect from a modern day epic video game -RRB- . I trust that Xbox 360 will easily allow the developers to fix the framerate and graphics in the final two games of the trilogy . In the end , this series may surpass everything that 's come before it , even Halo -LRB- that 's right I said it -RRB- .
 I saw Advent Rising on last year 's E3 and was amazed , so I pre-ordered this game for US-launch -LRB- yes , I live in Germany -RRB- . When I read some of the first reviews , I was disappointed and almost cosidered cancelling the order.Luckyly i did n't
 I am a 24 year old gamer and feel this game is truly unique . It is nothing like Halo except that you are human killing aliens . The game is beautiful constructed and the storyline is captivating -- it vaguely reminds me of star wars . I recommend at least renting this game if not buying it.The only problem with the game is that at certain times your character jams . For example
 I was mesmerized by my first glimpses of the game and had been waiting patiently for Advent Rising to come out . I was overjoyed when it finally hit the shelves , but became bit worried when when I read a few reviews before the fact , and found their verdicts to be mediocre at best , poor at worst . Undaunted , I bought the game to see for myself , and personally , I was n't disappointed . The storyline , which pits humankind as a race of myth , destined to save the universe against the Seekers , a race that is bent on destroying them -LRB- and written by the great Orson Scott Card , no less -RRB- keeps you riveted , wondering what is going to happen next ; the music is a top-notch orchestral work of beauty , and the gameplay is fast , intuitive , and pulls you in . However , the negative points will severely turn off some more nitpicky gamers , in that there is a major bug in the realm of frame rate . Some areas of intense battle slow down severely , and subtract from the experience.Also , there is a problem with the targeting system in that it is EXTREMELY tricky and twitchy , switching from one enemy from another at the drop of a hat , and losing sight of the main character in intense combat moments . This can be frustrating , but like the frame rate problem , can be overlooked . Also , the sheer amount of obvious work and love put into the game makes up for these problems.As it is the first in a planned trilogy , those problems hopefully will be addressed in the later games . All in all , Advent Rising is a game well worth its money , and plagued by overly harsh reviews . I say give it a try ; if you 're a bit nervous about it , rent it first and see . Aside from the framerate and targeting system , the game is a masterpiece , and like other reviewers have said , NOT to be compared to Halo . If its two major problems had been addressed properly , however , I believe that reviewers would have been kinder to it . But it is a game not to be snubbed for its shortcomings . It 's tons of fun and a worthy addition to anyone 's Xbox library .
 Advent Rising features a story by Orson Scott Card , and music by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir . Talk about a game with great promise . Humans are the answer to an alien prophecy - and because of that , they are the target of destruction.The graphics are a Halo style and draw from many sci-fi legends . One race looks like the Predators . There are robot-style creatures . There are creatures a la Judi Densch . The look in general is sort of `` exaggerated human '' with wide shoulders , bell bottom pants and blocky doors and supports . There are n't shiny surfaces and reflective surfaces here - instead you get strange artifacts and extra lines.Generally , the pretty creatures are good - and the ugly creatures are bad . The story progresses along standard Sci Fi lines , which is n't bad of course . I love Sci Fi stories . There are aliens , and good aliens , and bad aliens . There are truces and betrayals . The game has a good dose of plot along with its enemy bashing.The soundtrack works in smoothly with the game . The voices sound rather good for a computer game , and the music and sound draw you along into the game.We played all the way through this game several times , enjoy the plot and game play . There were little situations that we would miss on one pass , and only catch when we were watching for them.There was originally a big contest associated with this game for promotion reasons - but they 've * already * lost the URL for that page , and it goes to one of those spammy holding pages . That is pretty sad , and a rather clear indication that this game did n't sell as well as they had hoped it would.The game was also set up to be a trilogy - but the game webpages for this game still talk about its first release in the future tense and there is no word at all about future game releases . I guess this is one of those trilogies where we only get to see the first third of the game.Well recommended - but be aware that you are not going to get any future releases out of this , according to current sales figures . I always hate games that end in a `` to be continued '' mode and it 's even worse when the game is NOT continued .
 Advent rising has an excellent story . The weapons range from alien weapons to your own superhuman powers . The gameplay and graphics are simply amazing . The levels are so full of color it looked like a PC game . The gameplay although repitive at times is very fun most of the time , plus the mix of cars and turrets is great . The cut secens really move the story along which is probally the best part of the game and I ca n't wait to see where it goes in the follow up games .
 I loved Advent Rising , but there are parts in the game where it it seems like there is a glitch . Like in the beginning where you first see Seekers , when one scanned a civillian , he started beating him up . When he was beating him up , the sounds of the Seeker punching him were off from the actual cut scene action . And sometimes after a cut scene , it just freezes and goes right into game play and that can ruin the moment . Otherwise besides a few glitches , I really did love it and I am not judging the game by its slight glitches . I highly recommend playing this if you like action games , but anyone who does n't like drama in an action game might not like it , but even you people who do n't like drama should give it a shot .
 One , I 'm 13 , I hate logging in . This game is great . The stroy and music is grand . I would rent it , if you like it , by it !!!!! P.S. Halo is good !
 The castle is beautiful and the tasks are fun . Defeating that big snake thing was a little challenging , as were some of the tasks . Lots of hiddden stuff throughout the castle . And hey , you ca n't go wrong for $ 9 !
 I bought this for my 6-year-old son . He enjoys playing but some of the tasks are a little complicated for him . There are a few spots that even my husband and I have had trouble getting through . There is a good amount of variety and it manages to stay engaging . It took a few weeks of play before one of us won the game . Second time through was easier but also more fun since I was able to locate more of the hidden items . The screen view is from Harry 's point of view and caused some minor motion sickness for me a couple of times so if you are susceptible to such things , you might want to minimize your playing time . Overall , the whole family has enjoyed playing . I would recommend for 8 + unless your child has a fair amount of gaming or computer experience .
 This is the first and only Harry Potter video game I 've played . I loved exploring the castle and the school grounds and playing Quidditch -LRB- once I got used to the controls -RRB- , and the music throughout was appropriately creepy and uplifting when it needed to be.Some of the dialogue in the cut scenes was cheesy and oftentimes I felt like there were too many cut scenes back-to-back -LRB- to-back-to-back ... -RRB- The amount of cut scenes -LRB- and transitions when you want Harry to go outside or to the Grand Staircase -RRB- was a problem while playing the game on my desktop computer , because they would take so long to load the scene or make the transition and then go back to the game . On my laptop , however , these things happen very quickly.My favorite action sequence is the Aragog scene , where Harry has to fight off the family before he can get to the head honcho ... the killing of the Basilisk at the end seemed easier in comparison.Overall , my experience with Chamber of Secrets game has been very fun and I 'm playing the game all the way through for a second time .
 Bible Adventures ' publisher , Wisdom Tree , made several bible-oriented video games . Bible Adventures is definately one of their best . Consisting of 3 different games , Noah 's Ark , Moses , and David , It provides hours of fun playing through the levels . Noah 's Ark is the easiest , consisting of finding 2 of every animal , then collecting food before the flood . The last level requires you to find them in the dark , only aided by flashes of lightning and fireflies . Moses is the fastest playing game . You play as Moses ' mother as she escapes the Egyptians to deliver her baby to the Nile . Dodging brickthrowers , guards , and spiders , you have many challenges before you can bring your baby to safety . David is definately the hardest . You start out by easily shepherding your sheep for the night , saving them from lions , squirrels and rams . The last level , however , is near impossible , as you fight Phillistines and finally Goliath with only a slingshot.In conclusion , if you still have a NES system that still works , you must add this game to your collection !
 Not that this game is really all that good but often does a non licensed game get sold and this was before the internet was available to the public . Used to happen more often than you think actually , but my reasoning for my 5 stars besides what I wrote before . How often does a christian game come out for a Nintendo console happened a few times and the last time Nintendo sued the company -LRB- sorry second to last I guess -RRB- . The game presents it 's story in an innocent way and the adventures actually make sense . This is n't your noah 's ark 3d game where it is such an exact rip off it 's sick . For what this game set out to do it did it very well .
 While the game is indeed very simple and easy to get into , it is incredibly tedious , and will take a certain degree of micromanagement . In the first few campaign missions , the game is wowing . The graphics are better then any other Rome-based city builder I have seen , the interface is simple , and there is minimal micromanagement . The smaller your soon-to-be metropolis , less micromanagement . But , you simply have to use micromanagement , as the game forcibley makes you enlarge your city . As soon as your city gets too large for just a few administrative and distributive buildings , the citizens start complaining about how they need this , that , ect . So , you must provide this , that , ect . for them . Then , maybe they , for some random reason , will catch the plague . Well you have to fix that ! Or maybe a house will be on fire . That needs to be fixed too ! Thus , you must lay out many scaffolds at once before you even think about houses . I liked how they incorporated slaves into the game , as workers , and how if you worked them too hard they would revolt . However , if you get a notification that a house is on fire , then it 's gone . You can try to get a prefacture up to stop it , but it 's already gone unless you begin rebuilding it right away . Add this to the fact that the learning curve may be a bit flat for you , and the game gets fairly boring fast . If you get bored with the campaign and jump the gun to the free-build , then woah ! What the heck is a Domus ? So , simply , you must continue with the campaign , because you ca n't start the free-build given the fact that there are too many unexplained buildings.One of my favorite features -LRB- probably because I love Latin -RRB- is the ability to change the entire game lettering and wording into Latin , the ancient Roman language . The grammer is a sketchy at times -LRB- using `` ad '' in something such as `` there are too many '' -RRB- , but overall it really does well . I would have liked to see some slaves that the Romans might have considered `` exotic '' -LRB- such as african , german , british , ect . people -RRB- as maybe a trade item.The game gets a 3 for fun and 4 overall , it will entertain you garenteed for a few hours , but unless you take time to get through the repetitiveness , it will not continue to excite you .
 To me Glory of the Roman Empire is a work of art and a really great game . The graphics are far above average . Learning to play is simple and the level of the game is not complicated nor demanding . As I mentioned in another interview elsewhere , you can play GotR without having to worry about Caesar making a lot of difficult demands which must be met within a certain period and distract from the actual city building aspects by forcing the player to spend time and exert himself in seeing these are met or , face the possibility of losing the game . There are outbreaks of plague and you will have fires but , these are easily dealt with by building a special building which doubles as a drug store and doctor and erecting fire stations to cover populated areas . All in all I find the game quite enjoyable and my only complaints are that most of the maps are not large enough and the game does not contain and editor .
 very fun . i like the simultanious twist . it is time for another revision soon . i enjoy all the recent developements to modern risk .
 I 've played Risk before and that is why I ordered it . A great game !
 I never played any previous Risk PC Version , so this was my first ... this game runs on XP ... Gamesplay is good , due to the several modes which can be accessed ... the classic game is there of course , but there are other modes of play ... the same time mode is especially appealing because the player is able to attack from more than one territory at once and then can surge to another territory ... I really enjoyed the board game , but there are so many different ways to configure play , I put away my box and play on pc exclusively ... you are able to play PC or others on LAN/Network -LRB- my real disapppointment is that there is not online Play -RRB- ... graphics and sound are average at best ... but overall , if you want to play Risk -LRB- Strategy game -RRB- which does n't take forever , not difficult to learn , but challenging , I can heartily recommend ... for the bucks , nice game ... would work especially well if traveling about with laptop -LRB- killing time in airports -RRB- ... think of it as a variation of chess game , but more appealing to senses ...
 Even though this is a very old game , it is quite addicting to play . The animations are fun to watch and the additional territories are much needed improvements to classic risk to open up the map more -LRB- Risk 2210 has similar options -RRB- . Same-time risk allows all attacks to happen at once and is a unique concept that is quite fun as it balances out the game more by not giving the starting player a huge advantage . Now my gripes are that network games require 3 players and you can not add computer players . This should have been something easily implemented that is missing . Also , I hear online play support no longer exists which is n't a big deal as I do n't play online . The tournament mode is fun as well with 16 increasingly difficult levels to complete and what I enjoy the most about the game . Some people have mentioned that it is annoying that if you lose at any time in the tournament , you have to start over from the very beginning . This is true , although there is a trick which is to backup the tourn.cfg file every time you beat a level . If you lose , just restore your backup and you 're good to go from the beginning of the mission you were at . I can not tell you how much that improved the experience of the game after I figured that out after playing the first 5 levels over again 3-4 times as I was stuck on level 6 . So , if you are playing it for single player , it is quite fun granted that you backup your tournament files . Hot-seat is fun for multiple players on the same computer only because you can add computer players in addition to having human players . It just does n't make sense why they did n't implement the same for network games so you do n't need to crowd everyone around one monitor .
 This is a very addictive game.It is based on the old board game.Its got a variety of different choices to play this game , so you can play it to your liking.I got this some years ago now and its one of my most played games ever.It is exciting as you try your best to defeat the enemy.But sometimes nothing seems to go right , that can be frustrating , but it certainly keeps me occupied.The shooting scenes are great , as is the overall atmosphere of the game.I like the graphs and statistics it has as well .
 It was just plain great . It has MUCH better graphics and the gameplay Was awsome . I highly recomend this game . I even play the game -LRB- and like it -RRB- more than my son
 is you child or are you a child the has seen pokemon the movie 2000 and loved you will love this game if you do combining all 100 pokemon in this game including mew this is the only version you can get lugia in
 I 've only played this game for 10 minutes in japenese but it is awsome is your rival a girl ? you cn breed new pokemon this game is good
 GREAT ! UST GREAT ! If you 're wanting it , buy it ! The new options are breeding pokemon , new pokemon overall , a new plot , and a new world which continues to the old world ! GREAT !
 OK first how and where do you get a Dragon POKE'MON for the 8th gym badge !! Two . . how do you get a Dragonite !!! 3 . . how do you beat TEAM ROCKET in the Radio Tower !! Oh yeah ... do i get to see lance -LRB- the guy who helps you beat team rocket by the Lake of Rage -RRB- , do i get to see him again !???! 4 . . how do get past the raging waters in the first cave you walk into to KAHNTO !! and how do you get to gym leader 9 !! RIGHT NOW I HAVE ONLY THE FIRST 7 BADGES . MY TOP POKE'MON CYNDAQUIL IS AT LEVEL 47 !! I HEARED THAT IT CAN GO TO LEVEL 100 !! I NEED ANSWERS !!! PLEASE !!! MY SECOND TOP POKE'MON IS A RED GYRADOS AT LEVEL 32 ~ I HAVE SURF , FLY , THE BIKE AS MY TRANSPORTATION.I AM STUCK AT THE GYM LEADER # 8 . I CA N'T EVEN FACE HER !! I NEED A DRAGON POKE'MON !! WHICH POKE'MON CAN USE MOONSTONE !! ME AND MY 8 YEAR OLD COUSIN REALLY NEED HELP AND ANSWERS !! PLEASE !!
 And people are wondering how Pok&eacute;mon managed to get so big ... this is an outstanding improvement over Yellow , Red and Blue . The grafics are -LRB- for a GameBoy screen -RRB- great and clean . The storyline is one that not only children but adults can get hooked on . For those of you that consider this a kid 's game only , I dare you to borrow it from someone you know and try it . It 's not as simple and easy as some would like to believe . Set your time carefully since you 'll be playing in real time . Certain Pok&eacute;mon will only come out at morning , day or night , for a Grand Total -LRB- provided of course , you have the other 4 games -RRB- of 250 -LRB- the 251st is not available in the games -RRB- ! There are differently colored pokemon -LRB- hard to find -RRB- , you can let your Pok&eacute;mon breed -LRB- yes , they lay Pok&eacute; - eggs -RRB- and gain levels at the nursery , new gym leaders -LRB- also the original 8 for a total of 16 -RRB- , your mom will save your money and some of the people you 've battled will call you to fight again or tell you abought Pok&eacute;mon sightings . Besides Ho-oh & Lugia you can also try to capture the 3 legendary Pok&eacute;mon Entei , Raikou and Suicune . Bill calls you when your box is full , so you do n't miss out on cappturing more Pok&eacute;mon ! The rest ... is for you to find out !
 I think that this game rocks ! I just bought it and got so addicted to it , that I could n't put it down . The graphics looks a lot more better than the red , blue , and yellow versions . Though I only own the Silver Version , I am sure that the Gold Version will also be very fun . The Silver Version is a lot better because it has cool cheats , cool places , cool Pokemon , and cool everything ! One thing that I would like to change about the game is I want the Pokemon in the Gold and Silver Version being abled to be traded into Pokemon Stadium .
 Out of all the pokemon games I have -LRB- Silver , Ruby , Saphire , Colliseom , Fire Red , and Gail of Darkness -RRB- , this is still the best one yet . The graphics might not be the best , but the story is great . All the other games you can only be in one reigion , but in this you can go to Kanto and Johto . It is twice as long as the oyher games and you can catch 5 lengedary pokemon . In Johto , it has the same theme as fire red , so it is kind of like fire red and gold mixed together . Although it is like the two mixed the same their still are differences . It is the best pokemon game yet !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a must buy for any Pokemon fan , bacause the errors have been removed , 100 new pokemon have joined the melee , graphics more detailed , battles more exhilerating , and much , much , more . However , the only drawback comes from training pokemon for too long , but who cares . This game 's a blast !
 I got this game for my birthday 6 years ago I mean it is still a great game to play on my game boy Advance because it 's compatible which back 6 years ago I had a Nintendo64 transfer pak and I used both this game and the Transfer pak when I was playing Pokemon Stadium 2 for the Nintendo64 . I mean I also had Pokemon Blue and Pokemon Crystal -LRB- the last game released for the Game Boy System -RRB- . I mean now I am finally reviewing this game that my parents bought me 6 years ago on my birthday and I give this game a 4 out of 5 !
 I really enjoyed each game . The Silver version is the one I keep for , well , keeps -- I do n't feel like starting over with it , the game 's that good , and I can get a level-40 Lugia here . This is the one where I collected all 251 pokemon , although it took me awhile . -LRB- I do admit I have a gameshark where I obtained Celebi and Mew , though . -RRB- The Silver version , I think , got a slightly better deal with exclusive old and new pokemon , however , than the Gold Version . Take , for example , silver-exclusive Skarmory and gold-exclusive Gilgar . Gilgar 's good , he 's the only Flyer immune to Electric . But Skarmory has much higher stats and great moves , while Gilgar does n't get as many good moves and he ca n't even learn Fly -LRB- which Skarmory can do -RRB- , plus his stats are much lower . Silver definetly got the better deal here.In my opinion , the games are about equal , nowever . Ho-Oh has better attacking power and a bit faster , while Lugia has slightly higher stats and is a bit tougher . Both are great games for keeping kids and adults entertained . I know , I happen to be 20 years old and hooked on pokemon . Do n't fret if you buy a kid a pokemon game and at first it looks like all the rest . Trading between games is the only way to complete them , and it 's not likely that the same game will be bought twice.Oh , yeah , even more than ever before , these games are great to teach you how to become a pokemon master . It 's well worth the expense , and will be even moreso when Crystal comes out , and you can play as a boy or a girl .
 This game is just soo great ! More Pokemon , new evolution , more items , and 8 new badges to get ! New Pokemon like Marill , Pichu , Lugia , Furret ... ; Items like Mail , Berries , Stones ... ; and you 'll need to make your Pokemon happy to evolve ! Two new HMs , lots of new attacks ... the pros are sooo many there is much more !
 You dont need a dragon pokemon for the 8th badge . When you beat clair , she asks you to get the dragon fang , located in the dragon cave above the gym . you need surf and whirlpool to get to it . upon grabbing it , she will give you the badge . If you want a dragon pokemon , you can either fish for it in that same cave -LRB- use super rod -RRB- or buy it from game corner like i did early on.You get a dragonite by evolving dragonair at level 50 i think , but its not worth it , it just learns the same moves and gains more weaknesses . To beat the guy in radio tower , i assume you mean the fake director , just use strong pokemon . you see lance again as the champion when you defeat the elite four . beat him and you end the game and enter the hall of fame . You mean the waterfall ? easy use the hm move waterfall on it and youll climb it . If you mean Lt.Surge in vermillion city , after beating the elite four , go to professor elm after he calls you and get ss ticket , then use it to sail to kanto from olivine city . then once there use cut on the bush next to the gym and enter to fight him .7 badges is good , but try and get all 8 then beat the game and continue to kanto . This is true , but it takes days to train a pokemon that much , and by lv .50 you have to be battling the elite 4 's pokemon or it will gain 1 level every couple days because it isnt getting enough exp . If your pokemon are this low by now use the duplicate cheat explained later on . Having the bike is good , but by then you should have every hm , but shouldnt be able to use waterfall until beating the 8th gym.You can win without a dragon pokemon , their just more effective . Try using gyrados 's dragon rage . itll help.You dont actully need one . Clefairy can , but dont use them up . You only get a few . OK . To duplicate have the item you want to duplicate held by a pokemon , which will also get duplicated.go to any pokemon center , walk to in front of the pc , save , go to bills pc and deposit that pokemon then change the box , except when it gets to the screen saying SAVING ... DONT TURN OFF . turn off the power . turn it back on and you should have the pokemon in your party and the box . Its been duplicated . If you have further questions , e-mail taylorsteele@shaw.ca . your welcome .
 You may know about the original adventures through Kanto , and the advanced adventures in Hoenn , but no reigon does n't have nearly as much thrill and excitement as Johto in my opinion . Johto is a vast land with 251 different Pokemon to catch and raise , and many have forgot about it since is has not been imported into a game for the Gameboy Advance . And with the reigon of Sinnoh just around the bend , it may be forgotten even more . But those who have stuck to the series for as long as the franchise started , Johto will never be forgotten.From Chikorita to Celebi , there are 100 brand new types of Pokemon just waiting to be caught . And as a trainer , you try to get all 251 Pokemon and fill your Pokedex!The Good Side
 VERY GOOD BUT IF YOU HAVE GOLD DO NOT BUY !
 Boy , is this game awesome . The first time i heard about this awesome game is on a TV commercial.Then i got this game from my dad for christmas.And , man is this game awesome.You get to choose from three diffrent pokemon -LCB- the same types from red and blue -RCB- water , fire , and grass -LCB- totodile , cyndaquil , and chikorita -RCB- -LCB- I started with a totodile -RCB- But i am having trouble fighting the Elite four.But anyway , BUY IT
 Pokemon Silver is the best pokemon game that has been made but its not as good as Pokemon Gold .
 This is a very good game . It is very fun to play I have baeten the game . WARNING !!!! This game is very easy to get hooked on to what with the 100 new pokemon , day and night fetures , poke ` gear , and the 2 new legendary birds -LRB- Ho-ho and Lugia -RRB- . My favorite pokemon are Lugia , Sneasel , and Scizor .
 This is actually 2 games in one ! You first start out as a trainer from New Bark town and work your way through the land of Johto collecting Pokemon , earning badges , stopping bad ` ol Team Rocket , and hem you go to the Pokemon league . After that , you can travel to Kanto -LRB- The world from the origional pokemon games -RRB- and battle there ! You get to go through the whole world in Kanto collecting Pokemon and earning badges . To travel from world to world -LRB- Kanto , Johto -RRB- you have to take a really cool train ride ! Some pokemon only come out at night , while others only come out during the day ! I would highly reccomend this game to anyone ! It is the best one out there !
 This game is really cool ! When I got the silver game , my friend got the gold game!I like all the new pokemon.But one day my friend caught a diffrent colored noctowl!That is also called a shiny pokemon.I think shiny pokemon are the best improvement of this game.Some days later my friend caught a shiny Tangala!So if you run into a shiny pokemon CATCH IT !
 This Game is the greatest!With real time function , and if parents say it is only fighting , -LRB- which is not brutal at all -RRB- they are wrong , because besides fighting you have to solve puzzles find the right time to catch Pokemon , have strategies for using items to make the time you have playing easier . The trainers you 'll fight are much tougher and instead of getting only 8 badges you have to colect 16 badges , and really train you 're Pokemon , because the strongest trainer has a Pikachu :81 , an Espeon :73 , Snorlax :75 , Blastoise , Venusaur , and Charizad :77 .
 I do n't own this game but I borrowed it from my friend . Unlike Pokemon Yellow , Blue , and Red Pokemon Silver Version has awsome graphics , awsome color , and instead of only Canto leage like Pokemon Yellow , Blue and Red Pokemon Silver has Canto league and Johto league . Plus Silver Version has more Pokemon !
 this is my favorite game ! I play it all the time ! I ca n't stop ! Help me !
 This is the best game in the world . This is probably the only thing I 've been doing since I got it -LRB- except for homework -RRB- . This game is better than poke ` mon Yellow/Red/Blue . It 's not just great because it 's called poke ` mon silver . On this game you can catch alot of cool new poke ` mon. . In this game you can also hatch an egg or breed your own poke ` mon. . It is not in the same world as poke ` mon Yellow/Red/Blue . It is now in the Johto world and you can travel to the other worlds in the Yellow/Red/Blue which is called Kanto . I would reccomend this game because it is a great game for people who like the same things that I like .
 For all you who believe everything you read Chikorita is not weak and useless untill it learns Body Slam Attack . Chikorita , Cyndaquil , and Totodile are the starter Pokemon . I think for a beginner trainer Totodile or Cyndaquil would be the best . Chikorita is a challange to handle , but when it learns Razor Leaf Attack it can beat just about anything . I would try and catch my first Pokemon before your starter learns it 's third attack . Berries grow on trees and they grow back every day . It plays in real time . If you want to get nightime Pokemon and it 's in the day change the time . Anyways it 's a great game thank you Amazon !
 -LRB- 15 year old girl -RRB- I would recommend this game to anyone ! This had some of the best pokemon and storyline ! Now , the moves are little restricted however I still loved the game . This truly is the best game in the series and I have played it multiple times since I got it when I was 6 years old .
 I love Pokemon Silver . It 's my favorite , however , if you 're trying to buy a used copy of it ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! The battery in the cartridge dies and the only way to fix it is to open the cartridge , put in a new battery -LRB- has to be same type -RRB- and solder it -LRB- or at least that 's what I 've been reading on online searches -RRB- . Meaning if you do it wrong you could ruin the whole game . What happens when the battery dies ? The battery is what makes the internal clock in game keep time . If it dies , no more saved game . I just recently had turned on my Gameboy and decided to try Pokemon Silver AND Gold ... all of my saved games were gone . I had my brother check his too . ALL GONE !!!! :-LRB- At first I thought that maybe it had been so long since I played , it just erased my game , so I started a new game , saved it , and turned it off . When I turned it back on , it says NEW GAME only . It does n't save anymore at all . It was a sad day indeed for me . I lost my old best friends in one day Silver , Gold , and Crystal ... I 'm still not sure what I want to do with them . Seems only fair that I would give them a proper burial , but I 'm having a hard time letting them go ... this is a sad time indeed .
 I recently discovered a small little shop in my neighborhood that sells old DVDs and games . I bought Pokemon Blue and discovered it did n't work , so they gave me Pokemon Silver free . And I was so happy that the save worked perfectly . So I started playing a lot . Its by far the best Pokemon game I have ever played , And I have played all of them except for Soul Silver And Heart Gold . Its not the expensive either and if the save stops or do n't work you can fix it kinda easily.The game play is great and if played in Gameboy Color or Gameboy Advance Or Gameboy SP then you will see the bright colors of the game :-RRB- If your a old game junkie like me this is the game for you!The story is good too , you start with a starter Pokemon of your choice , you get to name it and the goal of the game is to train and catch all the Pokemon ! And unlike all other Pokemon games theres 16 badges , and you go through 2 regions instead of 1 .
 In my experience , all of the Pokemon games are fantastic and a lot of fun . The ony problem with the Generation 2 games -LRB- Pokemon Gold , Silver , and Crystal -RRB- specifically is the fact that they have an internal battery that when dry , ERASES your saved data ! The games at that point are always playable , you just have start a new game every time you turn it on . Now the fix for that is a simple one , replace the battery -LRB- You can find instructions for that online , just go to Google -RRB- . However , if you are newcomer to the Pokemon gaming series , or someone who just dose n't want to have to repair a game they just bought I would recommend buying a different Pokemon game instead of a taking a bet that Gold , Silver , or Crystal will work to find out that the battery is dead -LRB- Which is what happened to me when I purchased this game -RRB- . If you are such a person as described previously , I highly recommend Red , Blue , Yellow , Ruby , Sapphire , Emerald , FireRed , LeafGreen , Diamond , Pearl , Platinum , HeartGold , and of course SoulSilver -LRB- Which is the Nintendo DS remake of Pokemon Silver -RRB- . PLEASE NOTE that some of these games have internal batteries as well , but are formatted to keep the saved data even if the battery runs dry.If you are however a diehard who will do anything to catch them all , then by all means go for it ! I just want people to know what they are gettting into . I love these games and recommend them to everyone , but I also hate getting a game that ca n't save . In essence these games are very similiar , and getting one is kind of like getting them all , but then again its a question of preference . Hope that this was helpful ! Happy gaming !
 We purchased this game to play on a Game Cube . Not a game boy.The game is very well done for a game of this vintage.Everyone who played it enjoyed it.Buy this for the game play - not for the graphics .
 This game has it all . I do n't get embarrassed when playing this game like most would for having a pokemon game but anyone who has played this game knows its worth the judgement . Amazing adventure and story . This is a long game too ! Fun for all ages .
 This is a great game and it 's an addictive RPG . The trio its in -LRB- Gold , Silver , and Crystal -RRB- are often thought to be the best Pokemon games , pre-HGSS at least . I ca n't agree on that , but they 're still fantastic . I ca n't think of a single bad thing about this game , though it may be odd if you 're used to the newer titles.You can only play as Ethan . So if you 're used to the gender option , too bad . That was n't implemented until Crystal , the next game.There is n't much of a difference between Gold and Silver . It mainly depends on what Pokemon you want , and whether you want Lugia or Ho-Oh on your cart and title screen.Gold 's exclusive Pokemon are
 This is a really fantastic game , with great characters and smooth game play . I have been collecting the entire Pokemon game series -LRB- very slowly -RRB- from the newest Game Boy Advance SP-compatible version on back for some time , and I must say , this is one of the best ! I am looking forward to collecting the entire series ! Most definitely a five-star game ! If you 're into Pokemon , then you should definitely get this game . Pokemon , I choose you !
 I have played the silver version and i was very disappointed with the seller , he , she sold me a broken game , I will clarify when you go to save the game or make a new file it goes back the orginal settings , you can not save the game or even catch the rare pokemon ... . I will not buy from this seller againm , it was some thing in mother board . If i were to rate the seller i would not even give him or her a star !
 This is a great game ! I started playing , and I could n't stop ! If you watch the TV show , it helps with it too . I do n't believe in that , `` Oh , its a boys show '' , because I 'm a girl . Any way , Silver is just like Gold , exept that you find some different Pokemon in them . I really recommend this game !
 ok.red and blue were boring . it just goes on and on , no time just on and on with no stop.but in silver/gold , you get a clock !!! real time action , stategy , RPG . and for older kids too ! but i am slightly woried -LRB- i dont have game yet but have played it -RRB- due to my long school day -LRB- 7:30 -5:00 -RRB- , that i will miss some of the important events ! like bug cathing game ? well , its still a good buy .
 I brought this game for my cousin , knowing he would like it . However , I could not resist taking it out of the box and playing with it . I have n't completed very much , but this game is amazing ! I love the new features they have . I am definely buying this as soon as more are avaliable .
 I waited a long time for this and when I finally bought it , the thrill has gone ... It 's the same as the Silver/Gold . There is just not enough changes in it to warrant a new pokemon game although in Japan it must have been thrilling because of the cell phone capability . But here in the States ... big deal . Much ado about nothing ! So Suicune is easier to catch . So I can be a girl if I want to . So the pokemon can move -LRB- rather cutely -RRB- before battle . It 's still the same story , same dialog , same area and saddest of all , same plot.Ok . I am a new fan . All the games are similar -- from blue to red to yellow to gold and silver . Quit whining . But darn it all , I waited so long for Ms Crystal , only to find it mediocre glass . Bummer
 this game is so cool!it has 100 more pokemon than the other versions.this is definately the best game boy game there is.you can even breed pokemon.there are 8 new gym leaders and there are also the gym leaders from the older versions.there are 2 different countries.this is defintly the best game ever .
 THIS GAME IS A MUST 4 ALL POKEMON FANS . WITH OVER 100 NEW POKEMONS AND THE BREEDING SYSTUM YOU WILL BE PLAYING THIS GAME 4 HOURS . SO GRAB YOUR COPY TODAY .
 This has to be the best of the Pok&eacute;mon RPGs . The graphics are so much better than the R/B/Y versions . Plus that day and night feature and the Pok&eacute;Gear are neat features . A must have . Plus , the Pok&eacute;mon graphics in Silver are better than the Gold version .
 this is an exquisite game , which has a lot more adventure than other pokemon games such as pokemon red , blue , and yellow . Pokemon silver has lots of new features such as day and night , breeding , new pokemon , and even a phone . I enjoy this gameboy game very much and highly recomend it for others -LRB- review from 13 year old son -RRB-
 This is an excellent game . It 's slightly outdated compared to my psp games of course , but that 's why it 's defined as `` old `` My only real complaint is how much sleep I 've lost playing this .
 this game is awesome and a must have on the game boy color it features two really cool pokemon ho-oh and lugia and many others my personal favorite 10 aretyphloshionporygon 2steelixraichoucelebicrobatumbrionscizorhoundoomhitmontopits also suitable for women with pokemon like flaffy smoochum and corsola its by far the best pokemon game ever
 Game is tons of fun - if you grew up on Red , Blue , or Yellow , this is a step up for sure ! Same gameplay , but 100 % better !
 Pokemon Silver has lots of journies to do . I have a Typloshion on level 71 ! Typloshion is pretty hard to handle , but it ` s powers are unbelieveable ! -LRB- Like Flame wheel or Flamethrower -RRB- I have all the pokemon versions . -LRB- Exept for Green -RRB- Try to rent Silver version , or just buy it ! Remember do n`t get a little to carried away , by losing to a pokemon trainer ! Try to rent Silver version and you will see how pretty amazing it is !
 Pokemon gold and silver are great new expansions to the world of Pokemon , the hit television show , trading card game , and nintendo game ! Customers , note to look at Pokemon Crystal as well , since there are more features there -LRB- such as the famous female character -RRB- . You no longer play Ash , but a new character by your name . You journey through Johto to become a Pokemon master , as usual . You also get to go to another continent , which is basically the same as where Red , Blue , and Yellow took place on.This makes a great gift , or a great addition to your Game Boy collection , especially if you are a pokemon fan.Pros :1 -RRB- A whole new world2 -RRB- New character3 -RRB- Bank , Day/Night effects , Time , and Day of the Week effects4 -RRB- Pokemon coming out during day/night5 -RRB- More advanced than Pokemon Red and Blue.Cons :1 -RRB- Pokemon Crystal is more worth getting than Gold or Silver2 -RRB- Not much has changed -LRB- graphic wise -- except color -RRB- Recommended guide
 Pokemon Silver is my favorite pokemon game of all . It is very similar to Gold as far as layout , but it has a different set of pokemon in it and you can get Lugia at a lower level and with the powerful aeroblast technique . Silver is definitely a must-have for anyone in the pokemon craze !
 I think this is a fun game because without a strategy guide , you would n't be able to figure it out exactly what to do . Its alot bigger than blue red & yellow . It took me 75 hours to beat blue get all pokemon so this should be harder and funner than the old games .
 I absolutely llllloooovvvvveeeeee this game . Unfortunately my game does n't save properly , as it 's a US version on a NZ Gameboy , so I 've never gotten past about 10 minutes after ???????? challenges me . I still like it , though !
 This game Pokemon Sliver is based on the early pokemon games but with enormas changes , with 254 pokemon to catch.No one will understand why I add 3 more in.That is the basic of the game : try to find out everything about it , it is also an puzzle solving game as well.If you do not understand what I am try to tell you why do n't you by one from here and find all out by yourself .
 If you liked Crystal and Gold ? Then you will enjoy the SilverEnjoy !
 I loved this game , except some parts take FOREVER to figure out ! But it really is a whole lot better than the other games . I was never a Pokemon fan , but this is a really cool game .
 OK well one day at school i took out the game boy and i forgot to take it out pokemon at my house and it caused major teasing !!!! Hint
 I was a fan of Red and Blue -LRB- not especially Yellow -RRB- , and then I saw this . I got it for a gift along with Prima 's strategy guide -LRB- which by the way , is AMAZINGLY helpful -RRB- and I could n't stop . My brother got Gold , and we trade all the time . Let me show you a list of Pros and Cons.PROS : - Excellent pictures-Mystery gift -LRB- a feature where two people connect the black squares on the tops of two gameboy colors , use the Mystery Gift option , and each person gets a completely random item , like a Pokemon doll -RRB- - Pokegear -LRB- includes a better Pokedex , cell phone , and radio -RRB- - Lots of new Pokemon makes the game longer , more challenging , and more fun-So many new moves and creative ideas -LRB- such as the eight new kinds of Poke balls you can obtain -RRB- CONS -- Mystery Gift is only for Gameboy Color , not any other gameboy -LRB- including Gameboy Advance -RRB- - Once you get the first 8 badges in the Johto region , the Kanto region badges are n't even a challenge-In Kanto , most of the major stuff that was in Red , Blue , and Yellow -LRB- like the Safari Zone , Team Rocket hideouts , and city layouts -RRB- are either gone or reduced-Trading from Gold & Silver to Red , Blue , and Yellow can be a real painAlthough the cons may seem strongs , the pros outnumber them about 15 to 1 . Trying to decide between Gold & Silver ? The only real diffrence is about some of the Pokemon -LRB- some only found in Gold , some only found in Silver -RRB- and the order of which you get the legendary birds -LRB- in Gold , Ho-oh at Lv . 40 , Lugia at Lv . 70 -RRB- and in Silver , it 's just the opposite . As for the Pokemon , if you 've played Red and Blue , think of it this way . Gold kind of takes after Red , and Silver kind of take after blue . Between Red and Blue , what did you like ? Think of it that way.Now , between Red/Blue/Yellow and Gold/Silver/Krystal , it really depends what you like . Are you into classic , more basic , not-so-complicated-but-still-fun-games ? If so , go for Red/Blue/Yellow . But if you like tough , new , complicated , super-fun games , go for Gold/Silver/Krystal . Or you can go for both -LRB- like me . -RRB- Overall , Pokemon Silver -LRB- and Gold -RRB- are FABULOUS games . A must get for all gameboys . Oh , by the way , for anyone who was wondering , I 've never played Krystal Version , so I avoided bringing it in my review . Hope I was helpful , and good luck for those playing .
 I have played this game before and I loved it ! If I could I would give it 999 stars . There are 251 pokemon -LRB- 101 more than the original games -RRB- that have all new attacks . You can breed them to get a baby pokemon or cross breed them to get an all new pokemon . There is the new time feature that you set so the cartrage is a clock with the same time that is outside . Over all I say that people who like Pokemon or games like Zelda should by it NOW .
 I just received my Pokemon Gold & Silver games , and they are Cool ! I am only playing Silver for now , but I just want to say I am a 20 + year old female and I love this game . For those who think the Pokemon world is for children is sadly mistaken , the game is an intellectual/strategic game . Catching Pokemon and catching them all takes skills , patience , and knowledge . You will get a kick out of solving mysteries , stopping Team Rocket , battling trainers , exchanging phone numbers with other trainers , taking your Pokemon to the Salon , entering contest , and so much more . THIS GAME HAS LOTS OF POST PLAYING APPEAL AS WELL ! Even when you are finished with the game you can still battle trainers by calling them up , and visiting other events in the game long after you finished.Also , there is one part of the game that I do n't think was mentioned in the reviews . Your `` Mom '' will buy you special shopping items and you can outfit your room in New Bark Town !! So far `` Mom '' has brought me a Clefairy and Charmander Doll . You can actually see these items on the screen . She will also save your money too.There is so much to this game , that you will enjoy the game extremely . I have played 12 hours straight one time , because I was addicted . Also making Togepi evolve is not hard , in just 5 days my Togepi evolved into a Togetic !! Woohoo . You 'll love this game !
 Gear Yourselves for the ultimate Pokemon Game ever . Pokemon silver has 8 new gym leaders as well as the 8 older gym leaders . Except Koga is now part of the elite & and his sister ? runs the gym . And Giovonni kept his promise from the RBY game versions and has given up leading team rocket . Gary now leads that gym . Your rival is worse than Gary ever was . There are three new starter pokemon , and you can breed Pokemon ... I hope you found this review helpful , and good luck when Silver comes out !
 ... . The game has alot of challenges and play it for hours on end . The Elite 4 is very hard to beat . It 's very complicated and have to think carefully before making a move . The game has beautiful colors and has three Pokemons to start the game . A little later in the game you get a mystery egg which hatches into a Togapi . You should play the game because you will never get bored . Never know what will pop out or happens next .
 To tell the truth , I 'm not really a great Pokemon fan . I 've played Pokemon Yellow and to be frank , it was really boring . You catch Pokemon , collect badges and battle trainers all around Pokemon world . I was n't really going to buy Pokemon Sliver but my friend pestered me day and night to get it and eventually , I bought it.So what 's new in this lastest Pokemon game?When I started the game , I was amazed by the improved graphics that it had . The graphics looked fantastic on GameBoy Color . Apart from that , there is also an internal time system as you will play the game in REAL TIME.When you begin the game , you will be asked to enter in the day and time . This new feature actually makes the game much more interesting than the previous versions as you have to actually play the game at night , in the morning and play it on certain days . Take for example , in the game , there is a `` Bug-Catching '' competition held every Saturday and if you do n't play Pokemon sliver on Saturday , you will miss the competiton . With the real time feature , you will have to play your game during the day and night to catch different kinds of Pokemon . For example , if I was at a particular spot during the day , I would catch a Rattata . However , at night at the same spot , I would catch a HootHoot . Somehow , this makes the game rather tedious than fun . There is even a lottery held on a particular day ! The gameplay is still basically the same boring '' catch Pokemon , fight and win '' concept . With a new and really improved Pokedex and an improved inventory system , thanks to the new feature
 oh man , i loooooooove this game , i especially like the pok&eacute;mon LUGIA!the bird that lives under water!i like water , ooooops , i 'm babeling again!well i just wan na say that this game deserves a prize , its difficult to battle your way through trainers and wild pokemon , but then you have to find the way through dark caves and crawl around in gras , this game also has the feature of a CLOCK!yes you heard me , a CLOCK!if it is oooooh lets say 10:00 pm , your game-boy screen will get darker -LRB- enough to see , else this would really suck ! -RRB- and in the morning , it gets light again ! in the dark , you can catch different pokemon , like you can catch a maril , at noon on monday and sundays!yes , the days mater 2 ! what i think is the greatest function is , that you can breed your pokemon!you can let a female and a male pokemon mate -LRB- pidgey m + pidgey f or like this = pidgey m OR f -RRB- you can also mate a pokemon like a spearow with a pidgey , if your lucky , you 'll have a pidgey with the attack of a spearow , speed of a pidgey and defense of a pidgey!if you mate evolved forms , you get the devolved form -LRB- blastoise m + blastoise f = squirtle -RRB- to this mating there is a DOWN side , you have to pay , aaaaaaand you get a poke egg , not the pokemon , but just walk around and it will hatch -LRB- like togepi!cuuuuuuute ! -RRB- the last think i wan na say is BUY IT BUY IT BUUUUUUUY IIIIIIIIIT ! ... seeeeeeee ya , and have fun playing !
 A truly marvelous game . I have played a bit -LRB- a good sized bit , but not much relative to the rest of the game -RRB- of of the Japanese version on emulator , and it looks excellent . It has been a while since our good old days of Pokemon , Ash has finally succeeded in capturing every known Pokemon , and it is time to pass the torch onto a new hero -LRB- the world ca n't turn to Ash forever -RRB- . Once again , a hero is not with out a rival , but this once turns out to be a Team Rocket member -LRB- or at least a Pokemon thief -RRB- . Prepare yourself for a whole new adventure , because the world of Pokemon has been turned upside down ...
 First of all , I am not the world 's biggest Pokemon fan . I do not collect the cards or the action figures or any of that merchandise . I am a 13-year old kid who liked Red to a point and Gold and Silver somehow caught my interest . Anyway , I got both editions for Christmas , but I 'm reviewing this one first because I have more progress here . You will immeadiately notice that you have to set the time , the day , and that you are on a new island . The time is just like our real time , for there are day , night , and morning times and certain Pokemon can only be caught at certain times of the day . The graphics have also improved and the use of color is dazzling . There is a choice of three new Pokemon at the lab -LRB- Cyndaquil , Totodile , and Chikorita ... I recommend Cyndaquil -RRB- . But you notice once Professor Elm calls your through Pokegear -LRB- Pokegear is a new feature with time , a map , and even a radio -RRB- , you know something is wrong . When you head back to New Bark Town , you meet your new rival . He 's mean , tough , and downright cruel to EVERYONE , including his own Pokemon ! But as you carry on through the game , you get to see new badges , new Pokemon , new cities , new people , new items , new everything , but with a familiar touch . You will also notice two new types of Pokemon , Dark and Steel -LRB- I know you were wondering why Magnemite puts up a fight like a rock Pokemon -RRB- . You also meet up with Team Rocket through various points at the game , and even Lance -LRB- Remember him ? -RRB- ! But the best is yet to come ... the Elite Four has a new lineup . The only member who has stuck around is Bruno -LRB- With a slightly different lineup -RRB- . But do n't think that once you 've beaten the Elite Four that the game is over . To tell the truth , that means you 're only halfway done . You then have to go back to the old cities through the S.S. Anne where you end up in Vermilion City ! There have been some changes , especially in gyms -LRB- The leaders are a LOT tougher , and a couple leaders have been changed , after Koga went to the Elite Four and Giovanni disappears -RRB- . You will also notice that the Safari Zone is closed , the Unknown Dungeon is gone , the Power Plant is no longer abandoned , and Lavender Town has its own Radio Tower . Another major change in the game is that Pokemon grow in slower rates , because the game is a little easier , with lower level Pokemon right at the start . But nothing can compare to the change of your final rival . He 's harder than your new rival , Team Rocket , Lance , and Gary -LRB- Viridian leader -RRB- . He 's ...
 This game is a lot better than Red , Blue and Yellow Pokemon.It has 251 Pokemon , Night and day , New attacks , TM 's and HM 's . I own the game and there is really never a point where the game ends.So I recomend anyone to this game.It is the Ultimate gaming experience .
 This game is awesome . I know for I have already beat the Japanese game . There are hundreds of new Pokemon and the graphics are way better . The music has also been redone ! This is a must have for anyone who has a gameboy . It is worth buying one even just for this the breeding and hatching of Pokemon is just too cool !!! Togepi is the best ! Choose the fire pokemon and try to catch a hoothoot ! Good Luck !
 I wonder why people said that Lugia is better . I think it is because it has better attacks.But you are wrong , actually Ho-oh is better as it has less weakness -LRB- water , eletric -RRB- and rock type attacks has a times 4 damage as fire & flying are weak against rock and more resitance -LRB- fire , steel , fighting -RRB- , grass and bug attacks have a times 0.25 damage as fire and flying are resitance against them and ground type has no effect on them.Lugia has more weakness -LRB- ice , eletric , rock , ghost , dark -RRB- and less resitance -LRB- grass , psychic -RRB- and fighting types has a times 0.25 damage ang ground types has no effect on it.A well balanced team should consists of `` grass , fire , water , ice , eletric , dark , psychic and rock familes.My killer pokemon team is `` Milk tank -LRB- normal -RRB- , Skarmony -LRB- steel , flying -RRB- , Lapras -LRB- water , ice -RRB- , Raikou -LRB- eletric -RRB- , Ho-oh -LRB- fire , flying -RRB- and Tyraniter -LRB- rock , dark -RRB- . Hope this will help you in your pokemon journey.Bye !
 This is an awesome game to get because of the exciting things you get to do . Such as , having 2 opposite sex pokemon breed and have an egg . Sometimes a new species will hatch . Remember , this can happen on Gold too . It is realistic too because of the time . This is challenging at times , like the pokemon league . There are a lot of things you will need to make this game fun . Like , you can get a bicycle like always to make travel faster . The best thing about this game is pokemon you can only get on silver version and the new pokemon . I really have enjoyed this game for gameboy color and am still playing it after 6 months.REMEMBER TO ALWAYS KEEP UP YOUR APPEARANCES !!!!!
 Cool , i sure am glad i got this game since it came with cool pokegear with has a watch , map , phone including radio and pokeflute.This game was great from start to finish!There 's even fab breeding pokemon option . BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!
 I just got this game , and I love it ! A new feature is added to the menu , Pok&eacute;gear . At first you only have a map and cell phone . But if you answer all the answers to the quiz in the radio tower -LRB- in Goldenrod City -RRB- , the girl will give you a radio card to put in your Pok&eacute;gear . You use it to get local radio station . Hint
 Lots of people say that they played it in english , but it hasnt even been realeased in th us yet . I bought it in Japan . It is real easy and fun . The only part I hate is that Lugia is real hard to get . It also has a Pokedex of over 250 pokemon . Mewtwon and Mew arent in the game , but you get Togepi , even though you have to hatch him . And what is real cool is that to evolve it , you have to use it a lot . IT IS THE BEST . I RECOMEND THIS GAME TO EVERYBODY .
 Pokemon Red and Blue made a huge splash in the video game industry back in the late 1990 's , and to this day it 's still a massively popular franchise with a strong universal appeal . For kids , perhaps it 's the idea of collecting and battling cool creatures , teaching them killer attacks , and watching opponents ' HP bars drop to zero . For teens and adults , it could be the deep but approachable battle system or nowadays the pure nostalgia of it all . Whatever it is that draws people young and old into Pokemon obviously works , but even though Red and Blue got the series off to a great start , Silver and Gold is where the series truly lifted off . Tons of new monsters , moves , and features made the GS generation the best , and to this day it lives on as a great handheld RPG.Pokemon Silver starts off as all other Pokemon games do . A studious Pokemon professor sends a local teenager on a journey throughout the land of Jhoto to become a Pokemon master , filling up the Pokedex -LRB- Pokemon dictionary -RRB- with information about each of the 250 + known creatures . This quest becomes optional , however , as this young trainer decides to take on the Pokemon League challenge , facing off against the 8 toughest trainers in Jhoto to reach the Elite Four and become the League Champion . Of course our young hero crosses tracks with a rather evil gang of Pokemon abusers called Team Rocket several times along the way and also fights to put an end to their bad intentions . Pokemon is rarely strong in plot , and Silver is no different , but as the case often is with video games , the story is only there to provide a setting for the game to take place in . It all works , even if it 's nothing special.So what carries Pokemon Silver is not its story , but its deep but approachable battle system . It 's as simple as one Pokemon battling another until one runs out of HP , but there is so much that goes into this battle system to make it deep and strategic . There are many different types of Pokemon and each available move also takes on a particular type , so figuring out strengths and weaknesses is key . With just over 250 different Pokemon and even more various attacks , the game offers many different approaches to battles . It is n't very hard if one simply wants to teach their creatures the most powerful attacks and plow through everything in sight , and to be honest that strategy is usually the best one . However there are also loads of moves that will affect an opponent 's status , raise stats such as Attack or Speed , and more . Each Pokemon has a full set of stats and up to four moves that all play a part in the myriads of equations that go into every battle ; when looked at objectively it 's easy to see that Pokemon 's battle system is quite deep.Outside of battle there are few genuine gameplay attractions other than wandering about seeking out more Pokemon to capture and train , but there are so many opportunities to battle that the game rarely becomes stale . It 's hard to get bored with the game because there is always something to do , whether it 's looking for new Pokemon or entering a bug catching contest , and most , if not all , of the game 's side tasks involve plenty of battles.What really makes Silver so great , though , is not only its battles but also its plentiful additions to the game 's structure . It 's leaps and bounds ahead of its predecessors for several reasons , the most noticeable of which is that the game keeps real time and translates it to the game 's world . So yes , it actually gets dark at night in the game itself , but as a GameBoy game the visual change does n't make a difference so much as how the game 's world simply comes alive . It feels so much more real when you are forced to actually play the game at night to catch certain Pokemon or wait until a particular day of the week for a certain event to be available . It might sound annoying , and it can be at times , but the fact is that the feature gives the game an unexpected touch of reality , and the game 's atmosphere and fun factor benefits from that in tremendous ways.Silver also still has one huge advantage over all Pokemon titles before or since , and that is the inclusion of the 8 Kanto gyms from Red and Blue . So not only are there 8 gyms in the new land of Jhoto to beat and a new Elite Four to fight
 It 's a fun game to own and play along with it 's counterpart , Pokemon Gold . Only certain aspects of game play are negatives such as the time aspect and daily events as well as having to chase the legendary pokemon unlike in Pokemon Red and Blue . Missing certain events and having to wait literally a week sometimes to return to them is slightly annoying as is having to capture certain pokemon during specific times of day as they are in some cases specifically nocturnal or their percent in a given area is extremely low . Other than these things the game plays very well and the improvement to color from just a plain solid red or blue color is great . Seeing each pokemon in their given coloration is really nice . The added new types and moves are also a plus . Overall a well worth buy for a Pokemon fan .
 In pokemon silver and cristal , and gold you have a chose of your starter pokemon . Your choses are cyndaquil , chikorita , and totodile . I started with totodile and when it turned into feraligater it was so strong and when it was on level 100 it would not go up any more no matter what I did.I have beat the elet 4 27 times ! I own 165 pokemon I also own all the starter pokemon . Here is some addvice if you are just starting the best one is totodile anyway tha is my opinyin .
 this game provides us with things such as new pokemon , new areas , new quests and new enemys . I say if you do buy this item , take these tips , they really are helpful , choose cyndaquil as your starting pokemon , look for corners first when doing the unknown puzzles , and finally , HAVE FUN !
 Great game , great graphics for the capability of the Nintendo Gameboy Color , and overall a fun game . Pokemon
 Classic game . I remember playing it when I was younger and it is still fun . KB games was very helpful in all aspects . The shipping was fast and when a problem occurred with the game that was out of reach he sent me a new one that works perfectly . Very happy with my purchase and would buy from KB Games again . Cheers !
 The game was fine except for the fact that the battery did n't work in it so I was n't able to save .
 This game came in good condition and has been a great source of entertainment for me . The game is long and interesting and has a lot of fun twists and turns to deal with . The game came a bit late , but as it was after easter weekend , I understand .
 My son is 10 years old . He says ... I really like this game ! It 's harder than the blue version , but easier than the ruby version . I 've had it a few weeks and I already caught Lugia ! I would defintely recommend this game .
 This is a great game , and is highly recommended , but the save battery in the cartridge had gone dead when I received it and it could not save games .
 i bought this item for my son . it is a fun game because he likes it . i like it . i know i know a grown man playing pokemon ... lol ... but my son like it . i bought it from AwesomeThings4u . she is mature and she isnt negitive in any way . i left a negitive post on her page about something that wasnt her fault . she apologized for it and if she has any thing to sell you should buy from her ...
 this game is great . it totally alterd my entire stratagy when it came out with the two new types of pokemon.its is really sophisticated , too , with the pokemon breeding and the built in clock to capture nocturnal pokemon . its worth it .
 Pokemon is back in an all new game . This time , with 100 new Pokemon like Lugia , Ho-Oh , Bellossom and Elekid , just to name a few . The game takes place on a new part of the Red/Blue island called Johto Island . The game is filled with little hidden suprises and `` Easter eggs '' to keep gamers playing for a while . The game is bigger and better than the first game . Any Pokemon fan will love this game . Any newcomer will easily pick up the concept and play for hours on end . A must have for any gamer . Pokemon just keeps getting better ...
 In this game you can get 16 badges and fight Red , and Blue.I got the game and it is really fun and you should tell your parents to let you buy it.The Elite Four is tough at the first time.Your rival steals a strater pokemon which is the oppsite of the pokemon you chose.Team Rocket is cool , they take over two landmarks one is Slowpoke Well , and Radio Tower , and while you are in Kanto you see a member of Team Rocket in Misteys Gym.There is two regions Kanto and Johto.So tell your parents to buy you this game .
 In this game you can get 16 badges and fight Red , and Blue.I got the game and it is really fun and you should tell your parents to let you buy it.The Elite Four is tuff at the first time.Your rival steals a strater pokemon which is the oppsite of the pokemon you chose.Team Rocket is cool , they take over two landmarks one is Slowpoke Well , and Radio Tower , and while you are in Kanto you see a member of Team Rocket in Misteys Gym.There is two regions Kanto and Johto.So tell your parents to buy you this game .
 this is the best game boy pokemon yet
 In siver version you can do a lot of cool stuff.I even got a level 100 pokemon.It may be challenging at some points but that makes it more funn.Oh ya my level 100 pokemon started out as a cyndaquil -LRB- sin-da-qwil -RRB- .
 Pokemon Silver Version is a must for pokemaniacs . Pretty much similar to Gold Version , but even if it does n't do much like crystal version , it still has the touch pokemon fans needs . Catching pokemon is quite tough and time consuming because to have all the pokemons in the version , it will take you weeks if you do n't like sitting around the whole day , for my case it took me two months to get 215 . There is a real-time clock built in with the pak , so that means there is day and night , various pokemons appear only at a specific time of the day like Ledyba a bug pokemon that appears during morning . All dark type pokemons appears at 6:00 o'clock pm . Lapras can be seen every Friday at the deepest part of the union cave . There are lots of enhancements made and much more mysteries in store like the breeding of pok&eacute;mon , YES breeding of pok&eacute;mon ! it simply means that you can make your pok&eacute;mon lay eggs . I highly recommend this version since this is my favorite .
 my 8 yr old son wanted this game for his birthday . he loves itand now I am ordering another for my 7 yr old for his birthday.service was great only took a few days to receive it and the package was in very good condition .
 Wow , Theese gameboy games -LRB- Gold , Silver -RRB- are too cool ! Wow I just found one of the legendary dogs , Suicine , The aroura dog . If youve seen one and have not caught it , dont be dissapointed . You can look on the pokedex and chase it and it moves on the map ! And also you breed them let them hold stuff to give to other trading gameboys and even all of the old places . When you get waterfall and surf go to new bark town , to the right then Hint Hint , Does Celadon and Indago Pleatu sound familiar ? Thanks for putting this for sale in America . `` Ya Baby . '' As said on Austin Powers Thanks , Brandon A.K.A. Lazer Alien
 Pokemon Silver is a really cool game . You can get a Lugia on this game ! Hurry up and buy this AWESOME game !!!!!!!
 I got dis game and it is kewl and yes it is the american version . Has a lot of different feature tat i like and yes i got it before the supose it release date for the game !!!
 is this game like the other versions , yellow , red , and silver ? + the other ones , is it the same game or not?!&#62;@#
 Dear Parents and Pokemaniacs , If you like technology and fun put together this game is for you ! So ... JUST BUY IT !!!
 in the game i chose cyndaquil as my starter and then mangege to catch chinchou totally easy !!!
 I can , t understand why you cant ship it out of U.S.A ! this is a great game , but i cant buy it ! no wonder you are soon bankrupt ... . Any way this game is great . . if you are in U.S.A you can do so many things and now a lot better how to train because of the experience o meter .
 Well I do n't own it but it does contain 100 new pokemon and a time capsule , along with the internal clock , the breeding , the 2 new types of poke ` mon -LRB- Dark , and Steel -RRB- ... So Poke ` mon Silver is a must get !
 For all you who believe everything you read Chikorita is not weak and useless untill it learns Body Slam Attack . Chikorita , Cyndaquil , and Totodile are the starter Pokemon . I think for a beginner trainer Totodile or Cyndaquil would be the best . Chikorita is a challange to handle , but when it learns Razor Leaf Attack it can beat just about anything . I would try and catch my first Pokemon before your starter learns it 's third attack . Berries grow on trees and they grow back every day . It plays in real time . If you want to get nightime Pokemon and it 's in the day change the time . Anyways it 's a great game thank you Amazon !
 The Silver Version is so cool ! New Pokemon appear and that 's good . I like this game because its finally got some new and better pokemon . I like the ghost pokemon the best . So I 've got Misdreavus . Silver Version 's powerfulest pokemon is Lugia . which I have caught . I started out with Cyndaquill and now it is a powerfull Typhlosion . Typhlosion is awesome ! . My Lugia is pretty powerful , too . It knows this awesome attacks like Areoblast and Hyper Beam . Areoblast is Lugia 's most powerful attack.Some people may dislike the game because it gets kind of boring at the end . But let me tell you this . Ash -LRB- Red -RRB- is pretty tough . It took me about 10 battles untill I finally beated him ! He 's got a good variety of types . So you 'll need a good variety of types as well . Not just fire pokemon.Have fun !!
 Pokemon Silver is awesome!Enchanced gameplay , newcharacters , -LRB- new rival -RRB- new everything ! There is 100 new pokemon with the most awesome abilitys , and attacks ! I truly believe anyone should buy it ! ... Gold and Silver is here and its big , its powerful , its the newest and bestever pokemon gameboy game ! You have new gyms new gym leaders , 100 new pokemon a new rival 3 ledgenday dogs , 2 legendary birds , items , the day and night , the farm etc. all in two games !
 This game , even though it is not as good from a playing perspective as Red , Blue , etc. it is the ultimate buy . It has great features such as miniature puzzle games , the ability to go to the old towns and some cute new Pokemon . It has more game play than it 's original counterparts and the ability to be called at any point in time makes for an interesting feature . Also to correct a previous review , you ca n't use a skateboard instead of a bike . -LRB- Unless I have n't gotten that far -RRB- Correct me if I 'm wrong .
 I have bought a japanese copy of pokemon silver . I have completed the game . As well as 100 new pokemon , there are 8 new badges to earn . After you have the new badges , you must fight the orange league . After that , you must earn all 8 of the old badges and defeat Ash Ketchum . A great game , I would recomend it to anyone . : - -RRB-
 I was waiting a long time for this game , i was a little disapointed at how easy it was compared to the other versons . My favorite new feature was mating 2 pokemon together -LRB- tip : ditto will mate with any pokemon so mate him with a rare pokemon like evee and get alot of that pokemon -RRB- my least favorite new feature is evolving some pokemon by tameness . I rated pokemon silver 4 out of five stars :-@ .
 yes finally silver is going to be out . this game has interesting features . In this game you can breed pokemon tho create new vreatures . you can not do this with serebi zapdos mewtwo etc. this mystics . you can create pichu baby pikachu pi or baby clefairy . there is also a day night thing where during the night you meet different oeople and catch different pokemon . also the pictures of everything bushes , trees , building even pokemon . you will enjoy this
 It is better than everything that is Pokemon for Game Boy but much much much much more complicated.You have to deal with eggs , phones , time and much much more ! It is harder than all the other games and much much likeable !
 Having played every other pokemon version , Silver overall is a solid 9 out of 10 . Compared to Pokemon Red , Blue and Yellow , Silver and Gold are a serious improvement to the world of Pokemon . Almost all 150 of the original Pokemon appear once again in the game however if you intend to complete your Pokedex you will need an older version . A new generation of 100 new Pokemon make an apperance in Pokemon Silver , Gold and Crystal . Most of these Pokemon are brand new but some of the older ones are given new evolutions or can only be obtained through the breeder outside of Goldenrod . To get the most fun out of the game , you should n't worry about the completing the pokedex the first time around but by just training and battling your favorites . If you want to win , Dragonite is one of the best Pokemon you can raise if you 're going for power . The second time around , get a decent walkthrough off the internet , buy or trade from Red , Yellow , Blue , Gold or Crystal and you 'll have beaten the game overall . Here 's a tip too , organize all of your PC boxes by type . There are 14 overall , 20 pokemon fitting in one box . So , I hope you have fun , Silver , Gold and Crystal are not too difficult and if you get stuck , consult the internet .
 Hmmm ... Silver and Gold . These games will make you happier than silver and gold -LRB- unless you have a lot of silver and gold -RRB- . What 's new ? If you do n't know I 'll tell you . Ye who are hardcore pokemon fans please tell yourself these things that you memorized by heart . First , over more than 100 new pokemon -LRB- so there should be over 251 for you to catch -RRB- . Second , there are male and female pokemon ! That 's right ! And you can breed um too . The breeded pokemon are stronger than there mom and dad when they were it 's age . ALSO , sometimes when you breed you 'll see new pre-evolved pokemon . Third , new way to organize items and it tells you what they do to . Fourthly , you have a new pokedex . Five , new towns to visit , new trainers to fight , a new rival , and new badges for you too win . Six , a day and night clock that 's internel in the game pack that keep 's time ! It 's helpful beacuse some pokemon only pop their heads out at diffent times of the day and diffrent days of the week . Lastly and samely , like the Blue and Red versions , Gold and Silver are differnt . For instence in Gold you can catch Ho-oh but not Lugia and in Silver you can catch Lugia but not Ho-oh . Both are new pokemon and you have only one chance to catch them . Happy gameing
 When Pokemon first came out , it became a huge phenomenon like the next Furby or Tickle Me Elmo . Like many of them , a lot of people did n't understand why was it so popular ? I still do n't but I like playing the games so that must be something . So far there have been 3 `` tiers '' to Pokemon . There will be a set of 3 games , followed by a new set and so on . So you had Red , Blue and Yellow , now we have Gold , Silver and Crystal . This is for the Silver version -LRB- which could also be the Gold one too -RRB- . Story
 I love this game . Simply put , it 's just an extension of the previous three titles , except you can make new pokemon , and you need a Mew to finish the Pokedex . And considering that Mew is only owned by a few people that did n't use cheat devices -LRB- Gameshark , expecially -RRB- , you need to use a cheating device -LRB- I reccomend Gameshark -RRB- . The most noticeable thing is the new world of Johto , which is in full color . Another thing you must know -LRB- And another reason to reccomend getting a Gameshark -RRB- is that you need Red , Blue , Yellow , AND Gold to catch all the Pokemon . It seems that you ca n't catch Charmander , Bulbasaur , and Squirtle in either Gold or Silver , or even Crystal , which is out right now . You also need Mewtwo from one of these games , and Articuno , Zapdos , and Moltres from RBY . You can get Lugia and Ho-oh in Silver , but you first need a wing to make them appear in a certain area . You can also make your Pokemon hold items to enchance battle abilities , help them recover , or just to make room for other items in your pack . You can even have someone make custom Pokeballs from apricorns that you find . It has an internal clock which keeps track of time and events , and even allows you to switch to Daylight Savings Time . You even get a password to change the clock to whatever time you want . But they do n't tell you what it is . And the super-rare Pokemon in this game is Celebi , a grass/psychic type from the future . It 's not as powerful as Mew , but it is useful , and has some strong attacks . You even get to fight both Gary -LRB- Now known as BLUE -RRB- and Ash -LRB- now known as RED -RRB- in the game . There are more Pokemon in the game , as you already know , but some come out at certain times or on certain days , and there are two new types , Steel and Dark . Since psychic Pokemon had very little competition in RBY , these two are resistent to psychic attacks . Steel types are not hurt as much , but Dark type pokemon are immune to all psychic attacks -LRB- Except Future Sight . Make sure your psychic Pokemon know this attack , or the game will be difficult -RRB- . But they are both weak against fighting types , so use them instead of psychics . Steel types are also weak agains fire , and dark types are weak agains bugs -LRB- Except Houndour and Houndoom , which are Dark/Fire types -RRB- . But the bottom line is that this is an update and improvement over the original games , and far larger and better , all packed down in one game pak . I reccomend that you buy it , as the experience is worth buying the product .
 No matter what you think about Pokemon , I think you should get this game . it is a nice adventure/action/rpg game . Fun for all ages , nice game to play when you are going on trips . Challenging and satisfying game . If you beat the game , the ` other ' adventure is just beging to capture all the pokemons out there .
 Silver is by far the funnest game in Pokemon yet.It has all the action and trill of the battle.For first-timers , you might want to get the guide.But , for experienced players , it has an interesting assort of pokemon and side games .
 This game is perfect because 1 . better attacks . 2 . more pokemon . 3 . new rival . 4 . new items . 5 . more challangeing . 6 . new league champ . 7 . final showdown against Ash Ketchum -LRB- red -RRB- himself .
 Pokemon Silver along with Gold are the best Pokemon Items Yet ! They are in color and are really entertaining . Any Kid who likes Pokemon will love this game . And if you already have this cool game than here are a few tips
 This game really has it all , I played the Japanese version , but this totally kicks !! It 's azamzing , day/night , new pok&eacute;mon , pok&eacute;gear , new pok&eacute;dex , evil & steel types are awsome , amazing , fantastic , unreal , increadible , outstanding , stunning , spectacular , well , you get the point . Also , pok&eacute;mpon evolutions like scizor are new and way better ! This game is a definite buy , so start saving ! Get both !
 This is the coolest version of Pokemon it is so much fun ! You will have hours and hours of great Pokemon fun with this one . I am telling you buy ! Buy it NOW !
 Pokemon Silver is yet another great Pokemon game!In this game there are many things to do for enjoyment , Gym Battles , Catching Pokemon , Bug Catching Contests , challenging the Elite 4 , and much more!Also , the game has a great variety of music that is sure to please.This game is a must for all gamers !
 I 've played this game right through to the end -LRB- in japanese -RRB- and all I can say is WOW ! This tops the original in every possible way . The graphics , the sound , the moves and the gameplay in general is simply light years ahead of the original . The battles are simply spectacular ! Almost all of the existing moves have been beautifully redesigned and there are an extra forty as well . The otherwise dull Quick Attack for instance looks superb on this game . And to make training even easier , the pok&eacute;mon have an extra blue `` experience meter '' which fills up as you gain experience . It 's a wonderful innovation and it allows you to more accurately judge when a pok&eacute;mon is ready to reach the next level . Even pok&eacute;mon from the red and blue versions can evolve even further ! The story is situated three years after the red/blue versions and you play the role of an ambitious young boy destined to catch all the pok&eacute;mon . There are initially eight gym leaders to challenge and defeat , then you have to face the Elite Four . When you 've defeated them , you get to move on to the `` Old World '' where the original pok&eacute;mon game took place and visit all the cities ! You can even challenge the old Gym leaders including Brock , Misty and Gary -LRB- the new Viridian gym leader -RRB- bringing the total amount of badges up to sixteen ! Be warned , after three years of experience they have become much tougher than when you last faced them.I think the games biggest feature is the introduction of a real-time clock . Special built-in batteries allow the cartridge to act like a realistic clock , meaning that if it 's one-thirty on Friday in the real world , it 's also one-thirty on Friday in the game ! It 's a revolutionary breakthrough in video game technology ! This allows the game to track whether it 's day or night and it is reflected in the game . So if you want to find some nocturnal pok&eacute;mon , you 'll probably have to wait until dinnertime to catch them . On a larger scale , there are also some special events or pok&eacute;mon that appear only on certain days of the week . Lapras for instance only appears in its cave on Saturdays , which means that you 'll have to wait until Saturday if you want to catch it.Another cool feature is that the pok&eacute;mon can be either male or female -LRB- which will undoubtedly lead to outrageously sexist arguments on which is the stronger -RRB- and you can get baby pok&eacute;mon by catching a male and female Pokemon . You can even crossbreed pok&eacute;mon of the same type to get a new pok&eacute;mon that is of the mother 's specie , but has the father 's stats . Just think of the combinations!The new gadgets available in the game are surprisingly modern
 What 's new ? 100 NEW POKEMON ! Most important of all must be the new pocket monsters you can catch . There are at least 100 new pokemon , with rumors already out that a few more may be hidden -LRB- like mew in previous versions -RRB- . While a few of the previous pokemon seemed strange , many of the new pokemon are even stranger -LRB- which is a good thing , of course ! -RRB- . You 'll be able to breed baby versions of a few previous pokemon , including pikachu , and there are new evolutions for a few of the previous pokemon . You can also find many of the previous 151 pokemon in the new carts , or import them from an older cart through the pokemon center `` time capsule '' . New Types Two new types of pokemon have been added to the previous 15 , helping to balance out the roster-Evil and steelImproved interface There are more menu options which are easier to navigate and more logical . if you have the japanise version , they 'll still look very familiar to you if you 've already played previous pokemon games.Real Time When you first start up the game you 'll have to enter the current time , and that clock will keep real time . There are pokemon that you can only capture at night , or in the early hours of the day . Plus there are certain events that happen only on certain days of the week , and other events that take time to happen , like getting a pokeball made , or getting a baby pokemon.Male / Female Similar to the way there were male and gemale versions of nidoran in previous versions , there are now male and female versions of every pokemon . If you take the right combination of male and female pokemon to a breeder , you can end up with an egg that will eventually hatch into a baby pokemon.And Finally The Pokegear If you thought Indiglo was cool , wait until you see what this watch can do ! You can view the world map , tune in stations on the radio , make phone calls , and more . You 'll have to seek out the special expansion boards for the phone and radio , but they 're east to find . you can even tune in Professor Oak 's special broadcast to find out where to find you favorite pokemon . Another radio station broadcast winning trainer ID numbers , and if yours is broadcast , you can win cool prizes.I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS GAME . I HOPE THIS INRODUCTION TO `` POKEMON 2 '' WAS HELPFUL
 I 've played this game right through to the end -LRB- in japanese -RRB- and all I can say is WOW ! This tops the original in every possible way . The graphics , the sound , the moves and the gameplay in general is simply light years ahead of the original . The battles are simply spectacular ! Almost all of the existing moves have been beautifully redesigned and there are an extra forty as well . The otherwise dull Quick Attack for instance looks superb on this game . And to make training even easier , the pok&eacute;mon have an extra blue `` experience meter '' which fills up as you gain experience . It 's a wonderful innovation and it allows you to more accurately judge when a pok&eacute;mon is ready to reach the next level . Even pok&eacute;mon from the red and blue versions can evolve even further!The story is situated three years after the red/blue versions and you play the role of an ambitious young boy destined to catch all the pok&eacute;mon . There are initially eight gym leaders to challenge and defeat , then you have to face the Elite Four . When you 've defeated them , you get to move on to the `` Old World '' where the original pok&eacute;mon game took place and visit all the cities ! You can even challenge the old Gym leaders including Brock , Misty and Gary -LRB- the new Viridian gym leader -RRB- bringing the total amount of badges up to sixteen ! Be warned , after three years of experience they have become much tougher than when you last faced them.I think the games biggest feature is the introduction of a real-time clock . Special built-in batteries allow the cartridge to act like a realistic clock , meaning that if it 's one-thirty on Friday in the real world , it 's also one-thirty on Friday in the game ! It 's a revolutionary breakthrough in video game technology ! This allows the game to track whether it 's day or night and it is reflected in the game . So if you want to find some nocturnal pok&eacute;mon , you 'll probably have to wait until dinnertime to catch them . On a larger scale , there are also some special events or pok&eacute;mon that appear only on certain days of the week . Lapras for instance only appears in its cave on Saturdays , which means that you 'll have to wait until Saturday if you want to catch it.Another cool feature is that the pok&eacute;mon can be either male or female -LRB- which will undoubtedly lead to outrageously sexist arguments on which is the stronger -RRB- and you can get baby pok&eacute;mon by making them ... er ... `` mate '' . So if you catch a male and female Pikachu and get them to do their thing , you 'll get an adorable little Pichu . You can even crossbreed pok&eacute;mon of the same type to get a new pok&eacute;mon that is of the mother 's specie , but has the father 's stats . Just think of the combinations!The new gadgets available in the game are surprisingly modern
 This game has it all . You can be an action gamer . RPGer . Pokemon fan , whatever . This game is for you . Set on new islands as well as the old from Pokemon Red/Blue/Yellow , you are a new trainer on the verge of becomming a teen in the world of Pokemon . With 100 new Pokemon added to the already 151 from previous games you now must collect and train 251 pocket monsters . Your new rival makes even Team Rocket seem not so evil . You get to choose between three new beginning Pokemon in this adventure . Chickorita
 Blue , Red , and Yellow were great , but they just ca n't compare to Gold and Silver . Full color graphics make the game even better than before . A whole new world to explore with 8 new cities with gym leaders to defeat and badges to earn . A completely new character . Not Ash this time -LRB- Although you do see Ash , or `` Red '' and Gary , `` Blue '' later on -RRB- . Gold and Silver now include male and female Pokemon which can breed and make an egg for a completely different Pokemon . Completely new technology includes the PokeGear which can be expanded into a radio and a telephone . 100 new Pokemon to catch , new battle animations , and now an experience meter is included in the battle screens to show how high your Pokemon is on his/her current level . The Pokemon Centers now include the Time Capsule , allowing you to trade Pokemon with Red , Blue , and Yellow . And for those who own the Pikachu 2 GS , you can earn more items with watts that you can send to Gold and Silver . And not to mention that a lot has changed in 3 years . A must-have RPG for anyone , even people that are n't interested in Pokemon . Definitely worth buying , no doubt about it .
 I was absolutely dying of the anticipation for Pokemon Gold and Silver . I had played by Pokemon Red game to extinction , and I was so terribly bored with it . Where 's the challenge ? I can get all the master balls I want , and rare candy is a cinch.But with Pokemon Gold , everything changes . I love the feature that keeps real time . Sometimes when I forget to wear my watch , I just flip on my Game Boy and I know what time it is . The new Pokemon pose threats to pokemon that once seemed invincible , like the psychic types . The dark and steel pokemon are powerful newcomers , so watch out!The end of the game was a complete surprise to me . They let you travel back to `` Kanto '' , or the old world where Ash and Gary started out . It 's nice to see Brock 's pokemon are stronger , and Misty 's evolved that Psyduck of hers . As always , Gary is a tough opponent , but nothing like Ash . < SPOILER > Be careful of Ash 's Snorlax . It seems like he 's forever sleeping and recovering all of his hit points . The rest are easy ; Pikachu is weak , even at level 81 . The Charizard , Blastoise , and Venusaur are easy ; just use type advantages against them . The Umbreon may take some work as Ash loves to use Sand Attack and mess up your accuracy.If my review was helpful , please click the `` Yes '' button below . If not , well , no one has to know about it , right ? : -RRB- Thanks for reading !
 Pokemon Silver is a challenging game . It is much more difficult than Yellow , Blue or Red . You can use alot of different objects to advance in the game . There are tons of new Pokemon to catch . This game is by far the best Pokemon Gameboy game I have ever played . I expect that Gold is as good as Silver . Silver deserves top rating .
 This game rocks . I have both G&S , and I can say that they have very interesting things about them . You play in real time , so some pokemon will only come out at night , some at day or morning . You can get the differently colored pokemon , and they have all 251 mixed up in there . It has the breeding center , where your pokemon can gain levels and mate at the same time , to give you an egg that you have to carry around . -LRB- Use a ditto with any POkemon to make a copy -RRB- They have new gym leaders , which are easier than before I think . Just get the Cyndaquil and the first 2 will be a breeze . You can have your mom save your money , and you can call all the people you have battled for tips . You can win money from the radio tower , and you can try to chase around the 3 legendary pokemon Entei , Raikou , and Siucine , trying to catch them . You can transport pokemon from Gold , Red , Blue , and Yellow in the pokemon center , and Bill will call you when your Box is full , so you can change it before you lose a captured POkemon -LRB- that stinks when it happens -RRB- . You go back to Kanto , and really play the old game all over again , with the old gym leaders stronger . This game rocks ! Get it now -LRB- at a low price , too -RRB- . Then , please click `` YES '' . Thanks !
 Let me just state at the outset here that I am a 32-year old engineer who has been playing and loving electronic video games since he stuck a quarter into a Galaxian machine in 1981 . I first kinda got interested in Pokemon after my young kids fell in love with the TV series . After watching umpteen episodes with them , I got interested in the different types of Pokemon and how they compared to each other . I decided to give the Silver version a shot , having never played any of the previous Red , Blue , or Yellow versions.I was hooked immediately ! The plot is easy to follow without getting boring , and there are plenty of little side quests to make things interesting . You can start out with your choice of Totodile -LRB- my pick -RRB- , Cyndaquil , or Chikorita . The level of difficulty of the game will be determined by your starting choice . The game has two basic goals
 I am almost 11 years old . This is the best game I 've ever played . It has lots of challenges and sometimes it is hard but out of all the games I 've ever played it 's more fun than the red , yellow or blue versions . This game has a hundred new Pokemon in it and you can really get addicted to it . I played this game for 14 hours in the last three days . This game has a whole bunch of new things like a radio , a phone , and all kinds of other tools . And the Pokemon learn a whole bunch of different attacks than from the other versions . So if you 're going to get a game , get this one .
 This is a great game and it is most suitable for children who are 8-12 years of age .
 There are 8 new Gym leaders.Gary is not your rival . he is the Virdian Gym leader . Your new rival is meaner than Gary . You can breed your pokemon . This game lets you travel at night .
 I was so amazed at the night and day thing . The Pokemon were so so cute and I easily got attached . Me and my bro got this in October 2000 and we were so hooked!I had Silver -LRB- the better one -RRB- and he owned Gold.My favorite starter is definitely Totadile but I think that I picked Chikarita most of the time.My favorite Pokemon in this game are : Umbreon , Totadile , Sneasle , Dragonite , Staryu , Bulbasaur , Growlithe , Vulpix , Jynx , Tediursa , Espeon , Blastoise , Pikachu and Snorlax.The Trainers in the game were Bird Trainer -LRB- I forgot Him -RRB- , Bugsy the Bug Trainer , Whitney the Normal Pokemon trainer , The adorable Ghost Trainer Morty , Jasmine The Steel Pokemon trainer , the Fighting Pokemon Trainer , Pryce the Ice Trainer and the Dragon Master , Claire . > _ < . It 's so much fun trying to train all of these Pokemon . Only the addicted Poke-maniacs will get to do it!Bravo to the last great Pokemon title.Ruby and Pearl were an embarrassment although Ruby 's graphics improved over Silver and Pearl had the cutest addition to the Poke-Roster . This is the best Pokemon game so far . You are a fool if you do n't play this one first or next !
 This is the second Pokemon game I have played and its wonderful!It starts when Pro . Elm , a famous Pokemon researcher , asks you to take a Pokemon and do a favor for him . You happily choose Chikorita , Totodile -LRB- my favorite -RRB- or Cyndiquil . When there , Pro . Oak asks you to take a Pokedex and start a pokemon quest . You can beat the game in three ways . One is defeating four very strong trainers called the Elite Four . THe second is getting all 250 Pokemon on your pokedex by catching them . THe other is beating Ash , kown in this game as Red . Some other things you can do is compete against other trainers to catch the strongest Bug-Type Pokemon from the National Park , trade Pokemon with Gold , Krystal , Blue , Red , and Yellow version-owning Friends -LRB- or yourself -RRB- Breeding two Pokemon by putting them in Day-Care , or getting watts from your Pokemon Pikachu 2 Gs -LRB- only works with Gameboy Color . No Advanced , Sp , Pokcket , or regular . Well duh this is only for gameboy color and advanced an Sp but you know what I mean -RRB- All around this game is great and I highly recomend it for all digital pet fans .
 This is a really cool game . The berries are a major plus cause you do n't have to buy potions and stuff all the time . What is really cool is that the berries grow back every day so you can play every day and get lots of berries . The new Pokemon are really cool . I got this game maybe two years ago but I still like it a bunch .
 this is a great new pokemon game !! more pokemon !! more trainers !! new tms !! much better graphics !! if u loved red , bloo , and yellobuy this now !!!!
 Both Pokemon Gold and Silver are some of the best games for GBC -LRB- but I like Silver more -RRB- . I like it because it 's a great Nintendo RPG . Many new features make this game a lot better , and some of the new Pokemon look cool . The only things I do n't like is that this RPG is short , and the new Pokemon are n't as likable as the original 151 . Despite the flaws , I still found this game fun . This is a must-buy for the GBC .
 This is the best!You never know when you 're done , until you are . You can get an amazing amount of Pokemon -LRB- I have 172 so far and I 'm not stopping there -RRB- !
 in silver you get to do a lot more things than in the older versons you have more of a challenge . you also get to meet new pokemon .
 This is the bomb ! 100 new Pok&eacute;mon , hidden secrets , breeding , day and night , new characters , new cities , and so much more ! You get double the value in this game ! You 'll still be able to play in Kanto , the Pok&eacute;mon world of Red/Blue/yellow ! Bring it ON !
 Pokemon Gold/SilverBy
 This game is really fun!It has a varity of objectives.Thereis a lot of cool Pokemon.You even get a cellphone.There is a huge area in this game.If you like long games this game is for you .
 Pokemon silver version is my all time favorite game . It introduces tons of rare pokemon , like suicune , entei , raikou , and my favorite , Lugia , which happens to be the strongest pokemon of all time . the story in this game , like all the others , is to be the best trainer you can be and defeat the pokemon league . Fill up your pokedex by traiding with pokemon gold version . Dont worry about the pokemon league being tough . With Lugia at your side , you 're invincible ! Besides , the league on this game is easy compared to that on Yellow ...
 Personally I thought that Pok&eacute;mon Red and Blue were the best games ever created for Game Boy Color , but Gold and Silver were pretty good games too . There were some things I did n't like , for example , I think some of the new Pok&eacute;mon look too much like ordinary objects with faces -LRB- Pineco ??? -RRB- , and I liked the original 151 Pok&eacute;mon better . Some of the old areas in Kanto , such as the Safari Zone , are now closed off . However , this game had a lot of advantages too.-Now there are two worlds to explore
 This game is very easy to get addicted to . You can choose your first pokemon from Chikorita : a grass type that 's weak and useless until it learns body slam . It 's weak against most gym leaders . Tododile : a water type thats a good , all around choice . It 's strong against most gym leaders -LRB- and the Elite Four ! -RRB- . Cyndaquil : a fire type which has the best attack and defence of the three . It 's good against most gym leaders and the Elite Four.P.S.Red -LRB- Ash -RRB- ...
 I am one of those who think that the Pokemon fad has been seriously overdone and that all the new merchandise is dumb , but I think this game is actually pretty cool . The games and TV show were there before this became a worldwide phenomenon . If you were just an observer to the fad and did n't understand a bit of it , but want to see what it is all about , this is a good game to try . Also , if you thought the other few games to be great , this one is for you . Almost every portion is updated , including the color . -LRB- yes ! -RRB- There are new Pokemon , new badges , and new areas in addition to the original ones . This is a very much improved game , and you should get it if you are interested in the Pokemon fad .
 I thought this game was confusing from the start just like my Red version of Pokemon . I mostly got confused at the first route and I think you will agree with me that it is hard for you to guess if you should keep walking in the same direction or if I should go north -LRB- up -RRB- . But once I got to the guard of the pokemon leage I knew I was going the wrong way . I think Gold and Silver are more challenging than Red , Blue , and Yellow . It 's mostly becase they have codes to get infinite items and thats what makes it so easy .
 Yes , it is true that if you are in a normal middle school like me , pok&eacute;mon is very unpopular , but I am not in a normal middle school , am I ? If at least one other person living or scholarizing near you , you will enjoy link cable battles SO MUCH ! They are the heart and soul of Pok&eacute;mon ! Do not be a fool and listen to the cartridge ! Power means everything ! All bad things in pok&eacute;mon blue , red , and - * scoff * - yellow have now been made far better ! Hassle-free bike -LRB- and set it to select , too -RRB- ! Better animations ! New pok&eacute;mon bitmaps ! No pixelated close-ups ! You even get to conquer the entire map -LRB- Kanto -RRB- from the other versions along with a whole new one ! Also , do not worry , pok&eacute;mon from the other versions are just as strong as the new ones . Trade between the new and the old ! Got ta go now , bye !
 This is THE best game ! I got it the day it came out and it is awesome . You can set the time and day of the week and everything . There are too many things to list so here they are in short
 Pokemon Silver is the best Pokemon game ever . For the game , it 's day and night thing is cool . I got my game off the net and it 's on my computer . I 'm stuck on the STEEL Pokemon gym . For the beginning of the game , you can choose Chickorita , Cyndaqil or Totodile . The first time I chose Chickorita , but the 2nd time -LRB- This one -RRB- I chose Totodile . The music is cool -LRB- But on my game it jumps and it 's weird -RRB- . I got the game in English , but I played it first in Japanese and I had no idea what was going on , but when I got it in English I understood . If you want to play Pokemon Gold also , play Silver first , so you get it . Gold is usually in Japanese so it 's harder for first time players . Play Pokemon Blue or Red first . But I 'm a Pokemon master -LRB- Hey , i played Pokemon Yellow and got my pikachu up to level 99 ! -RRB- . Hey , does any1 know what the hell Pokemon Crystall is ? Email me at richluver@5ive-online.com with any info . Thanxs ! Anyway , Pokemon Silver deserves 5 stars , I 'm hooked !
 In Pokemon Silver you will start with either Chikorita -LRB- # 152 -RRB- , Cyndaquil -LRB- # 155 -RRB- , or Totodile -LRB- # 158 -RRB- . Some people say the Chikorita learns Razor Leaf at level 8 ! In Pokemon Silver you will be able to breed and mutate pokemon !
 Silver is the bomb because i 've beaten the Elite 5 7 times ...
 Pokemon silver is a game with game with lots of new adventures that are very intrgruting.I am not very far in the game but I know it will be a game I will never ever forget .
 Pokemon silver is a game with game with lots of new adventures that are very intrgruting.I am not very far in the game but I know it will be a game I will never ever forget .
 SILVER IS THE BEST POKEMON GAME EVER.BETTER THAN RED , BLUE , AND GOLD SILVER ROCKS AND I SHOULD KNOW I HAVE ALL THE POKEMON GAMES AND NOTHING CAN BEAT THIS . -LRB- parnets for your cildrens sake plese buy them this and hoppfully they will never bother you agian cause they will be too in to the game to do that -RRB-
 this game is way better than rb and y the original game being included is great why is proffessor now living with a strange little man ?
 Okay , Listen , All you People Who Think Pokemon is out-of-date and have switched to things like * ahem * dbz * ahem * gundam.Pokemon is not , itis still the coolest thing !! ...
 These games very dear to me growing up . I gave my original gameboy color and pokemon games to younger cousins . However , I had to buy a new one and new games because I felt like I was missing a part of childhood . Plus I 'm starting to like old antique games . Thank you !
 I chose this item because I liked pokemon awhile back so getting this was pretty goodThe only thing is that the batteries in it run out ss you need to get new batteries . -LRB- There are tuts on how to replace batteries -RRB- If the game cartridge doesnt work just blow in it and in the game holster and it should start working -LRB- It gets dusty in the holder -RRB-
 The recipient is pleased with this game . It has the same feeling as the older version . Adds more types of pokemon and the abilitiy to breed them .
 Being an all time class , its at least worth a look . I remember playing this game as a kid . Much nostalgia was established by getting another copy of it .
 Great game in my opinion it 's the best of the Pokemon series make sure you get a link cable if you want to catch them all
 The game works and it saves . . that 's all i wanted and i love it . I now own the complete first and second generation of Pokemon gameboy games . Long live my childhood .
 This game is really cool ! When I got the silver game , my friend got the gold game!I like all the new pokemon.But one day my friend caught a diffrent colored noctowl!That is also called a shiny pokemon.I think shiny pokemon are the best improvement of this game.Some days later my friend caught a shiny Tangala!So if you run into a shiny pokemon CATCH IT !
 There is a Pokemon called Saraciuen or something . It 's always running around and is level 40 . I almost caught it ! This game is annoying when people keep calling you ... give me a break ! The new pokemon are pretty cute . Lugia , HO-oh , pichu . . etc. . the problem is that after you beat the game you get bored because the bosses are so easy ! After the first time ok they 're hard , second a little , third , sorry.I do n't know about codes for this . Huge map though . I do n't know how you can get bored of just exploring ... more than 200 pokemon though , lots of new moves too , a new pack , new pokeballs like lureball , fastball ... etc. . Same format though . See a pokemon . Neo , Neowee sounds all phony sound effects like rereeeee -LRB- give me a break ; all the pokemon sound the same practically ... it 's like one says wwwwwwwweeee and one says wwwwwwewwweeeee . . OK -RRB-
 This Game is the greatest!With real time function , and if parents say it is only fighting , -LRB- which is not brutal at all -RRB- they are wrong , because besides fighting you have to solve puzzles find the right time to catch Pokemon , have strategies for using items to make the time you are playing easier . The trainers you 'll fight are much tougher and instead of getting only 8 badges you have to colect 16 badges , and really train you 're Pokemon , because the strongest trainer has a Pikachu :81 , an Espeon :73 , Snorlax :75 , Blastoise , Venusaur , and Charizad :77 .
 I think this game is just great ! It 's better than Red/Blue/Yellow because it takes longer to finish and there are more pokemon to catch . The one not so big dissapointment is that the game is not as challenging as the first pokemon games . It is deffinetley the bomb because it has breeding , mystery gift , extra pokemon , cool pack to keep your items , day and night time , and lots lots more .
 This was a game that can hold the attention of any gamer , not only those who are very young , for the reason that it is a game of strategy and logic . It is a vast , vast improvement on the original , which was amazing to begin with . This stems from the expansion of the game -LRB- there 's a LOT more to do and discover and that means longer play time -RRB- , and the additions of new species and new people . I do n't want to ruin it for anyone , so I wo n't be specific . Beware , however , and do not buy the strategy guides out for the game - they really spoil the fun . If anyone has been looking disdainfully at the pok&eacute;mon craze , they should know that while some of the other merchandise is just silly , the game itself is amazing and has universal appeal . This makes an excellent gift for anyone who enjoys puzzles , stories , etc. .
 Finally , after the lame Pok&eacute;mon Yellow that was about the same as Red and Blue , comes the TRUE sequel to Pok&eacute;mon Red and Blue -LRB- and Green in Japan -RRB- . This is one of the most exciting games I have ever seen in my life ! There are 100 new Pok&eacute;mon ! Yes , you heard me , 100 BRAND NEW POK&eacute;MON ! As if that was n't enough , there are 8 new gym leaders waiting for your challenge , as well as a CHANGED Elite Four ! Use a skateboard instead of a bicycle to get around ! And , what I think is one of the coolest features of the game , A BUILT-IN REAL TIME CLOCK ! Whatever day and whatever time it is in real life , it will be that same day and time in the game ! Is n't that cool ? You will also be able to breed Pok&eacute;mon to have a baby Pok&eacute;mon ! In conclusion , if you like Pok&eacute;mon , BUY THIS GAME !
 There are 8 new Gym leaders.Gary is not your rival . he is the Virdian Gym leader . Your new rival is meaner than Gary . You can breed your pokemon . This game lets you travel at night .
 There are 8 new Gym leaders.Gary is not your rival . he is the Virdian Gym leader . Your new rival is meaner than Gary . You can breed your pokemon . This game lets you travel at night .
 Pokemon Silver/Gold versions are improved versions of red/blue/yellow . There is a built-in clock to moniter the night/day cycles , so you 'll have to stay up late to catch nocternal Pokemon . Also included in the game is 8 new gym leaders . ...
 I really liked it a lot . It was really cool . When somebody battled me , it was the best and I won . I got a badge from that battle .
 This is a excellent piece of software it is totally customized for kids use everything is simple and easy to use . As well as you can play hundreds of games for playstaion on it .
 It is n't pretty , but it generally gets the job done as long as you 're not trying to repair anything beyond light-to-moderate damage on the reflective side of the disc . Sometimes it takes a few times to bring the disc back from the dead . The Game Doctor will leave a distinct pattern on the surface of your CD/DVD , but I guess that 's not too much of a problem . You have to do some buffing with a piece of felt before you 're done . Remember that you have to replace the wheel and resurfacing fluid -LRB- which is actually just distilled water -RRB- occasionally.If you have a few discs that are on the brink , but just do n't quite work ... the Game Doctor is a better solution than completely replacing your media . Discs that have deep gouges or damage to the top -LRB- data -RRB- side of the disc are likely too far gone to repair .
 Worked perfectly for my needs . Repaired several data cds and music cd that had been slightly damaged .
 This is a great bundle of older sims that you 're not likely to find by yourself . Though optimized for older computers , the price is probably right , especially preferable to buying each game separately . All are worthwhile except ... Flying Corps . Gold . This is a WWI flight sim and I really wanted to like it . You 're supposed to be able to fly any of the famous planes of the `` War to end all wars '' , like the Sopwith Camel , the Spad and the Albatros . Unfortunately , my version was buggied up . At some points , the sim suddenly begn bogging down , becoming little more than a slide-show . When it ran smoothly , some objects left tails of themselves , for lack of a better word , causing graphics to become unintelligible . There are probably some patches floating around , but this is supposed to be the `` Gold '' version , the version that comprises add-ons and patches . That 's a shame because , in those first few moments before the sim starts breaking down , it looks beautiful , better than I 'd come to expect on my pre-Celeron system . And unlike most of my sims , it immediately recognized by Thrustmaster WCS.In `` Flight Unlimited '' , you fly any one of several small aerobqtic airplanes from small airfields thruought the US . No MiGs , no Radar , no mobile SAMs , not a single piece of -LRB- high -RRB- technology - it 's almost like the Gilligan 's Island of sims , but boy does it make up for that . With very photorealistic terrain and a shockingly realistic-feeling flight model , you may not be able to go back to other sims , no matter how high-tech they claim to be . When you gun that engine , you may almost imagine the RPM 's surging through your computer . Other nice touches are the menu interface , which you navigate by strolling around the main office of your local FBO - most sims undermine the sense of their being a world outside of your airplane for you to navigate . Though the airspace available may not match FS2000 in sheer volume , `` Flight Unlimited '' makes the most of it . `` Hornet 3.0 '' is , as you 'd expect , a sim based on the Navy/USMC 's F/A -18 Hornet , a carrier-based , multi-role fighter . When H3 .0 first appeared , sims were grouped into two categories - pretty sims with great graphcis but lackluster realism , and those -LRB- like H3 .0 -RRB- that emphasized realism over graphics . H3 .0 models the F-18 very closely and intricately ala the Falcon series , with numerous radar modes , detailed instruments and an uncompromising flight model . Where some sims will just tell you what your engine 's thrust percentage is , H3 .0 gives you turbine speed , nozzle width , exhaust gas temp , RPMs and other factoids that you must constantly digest second to second -LRB- and that 's just the engine -RRB- . Just getting off the ground is an exercize in supreme responsibility and , after landing , you may be patting yourself on the back , convinced that you had acheivedd an act of aerial mastery equal to shooting down a squadron of MiGs on lesser sims . With it 's lower-end graphics -LRB- pre-3d accelerator -RRB- frame-rate is smooth enough to give you a fear for incredible height 's and speed you 've never experienced on a sim . The complexity limits the game to hardcore simmers - there 's no middle ground between what the game offers as training and its harcore missions . That said , the game is also weak on missions - with no dynamic campaign or mission builder . Even the airspace seems limited . Lastly , Graphsim subsequently released a sequel `` Hornet Korea '' set in that embattled peninsula and offering -LRB- at last !! -RRB- support for 3d accelerator cards . If you 've got any of the other games offered here , and your computer is old , then just get Hornet Korea.Lastly , there is `` Hind '' , based on the Russian 's Mil-24 helicopter -LRB- `` Hind '' is a western codename -RRB- . I 've been in love with the Hind since reading `` Winterhawk '' by Craig Thomas . Though called a gunship like our army 's AH-64 or the Vietnam-era Cobra , the Hind is different from them and has no western equal . Loaded with guns and rockets , but also capable of carrying about 8 brave troopers -LRB- the worse your flying , the braver they are -RRB- , the Hind is basically both a flying tank and a flying APC . Thus , while newer helicopter sims have better graphics -LRB- like `` Jane 's Longbow '' -RRB- , the Hind concept remains at the cutting edge - with your typical air assault missions complimented with infantry insertions and extractions . The Hind was built to answer that age-old question `` yeah ? you and what army ? '' Minuses for this great sim are it 's lackluster graphics and the weak flight model for beginner 's . Unless you 've got rudder pedals , the beginner 's flight model is all you 'll be able to handle , and unless you 're stuck on a P-150 or less , you 've probably seen sims with more attractive graphics . Still in all , a sim you wo n't quickly or easily tear yourself away from . One caveat for Hind - Interactive Magic did release a 3D accelerated version of the game , but that was bundled in something called `` Front Line Fighters '' , with `` iF-16 '' and `` Apache '' . Unless your computer can run `` Falcon 4.0 '' , it may be more worth your cash to forego this box and get FLF instead - you 'll get 3d-accelerated Hind as well as iF-16 , a decent if not quite smashing F-16 sim - and then pick up `` Hornet Korea '' separately . You might spend a bit more , but you 'll get a better value.The biggest dissappointment for this bundle was the packaging - the CD 's do n't even come with their own jewel boxes . Worse , the manuals were condensed into a single book that does n't do justice to the sims . `` Hind '' and `` Hornet '' both deal with complex aircraft , while `` Flying Corps '' deals with an expansive subject -LRB- The Great War -RRB- . Yet , there 's a pale discussion of the great war , the explosive development of aero-warfare and the relative merits of various aircraft in that game . And despite the seemingly innumerable keystrokes needed to fly the Mil and the F-18 , there are no keyboard overlays . The aerodynamics and mechanics specific to helicopters get only cursory mention here , even though there have been few truly realistic helicopter sims in PC history . The F-18 can carry just about any piece of airborne navy ordinance , yet it commands little more attention than you 'd get with a set of flash-cards . Even `` Flight Unlimited '' got the Reader 's Digest Condensation treatment . All-in all , the package is a good value , sold short by its own packaging .
 I had never heard of this game but I decided to give it a chance since I mostly play military games . I was shocked at how great of a game this was . The graphics are great and there are sufficient missions unlike some games . There are very good weapon choices and my personal favorite are the throwing knives . There is a very good balance of srategy and all out war in this one . When you are with a unit you are able to switch between men giving you the full arsenal of weapons to choose from instead of being stuck with one set . This game is also very difficult at times even on the easy setting . If you are a big fan of war games and like a good challenge I would strongly recommend this game . I have played almost every war game for xbox and this one is definitely the best .
 Glacier Game Boy Advance with Pokemon CrystalThis gba system case is great if you want to take your gba to the beach and play it without it getting wet or sandy . It 's completely inclosed into this plastic case and with it 's o-ring seal water wo n't get in and neither will the sand . It 's made so that the buttons are pressed by buttons on the case it 's just like having a skin on it but it 's a little bigger not much just a little . I think these are great because half the time we go to the beach one of my kids will get upset over whatever the other two did to him and all I have to do is pull out the gba and a smile lights up his face , his anger at his brothers is forgotten and the gba does n't get ruined . It 's well worth getting seeing how it saves the gba from damage and it keeps kids happy in places they normally ca n't play their gba system .
 Changes have certainly been a foot since we met the Commandos franchise last . Traditionally an isometric-perspective , strategy-come-puzzle game , the franchise has made the switch to first-person , and it 's made a far better fist of it than we 'd anticipated . Certainly those who shudder at the mere mention of the first-person Command & Conquer
 Ok , I know this is an older game but it has n't gotten the credit it deserved . First of all it has way better enviroments and graphics then Medal of Honor
 this game is one where you can almost always find an alternate rout . the first mission as sniper , you come acrros guards , there is a way to take all them out without no noe the wiser , but there is also a way to take em out with a bang . i rate this a ten out of five .
 I just completed the 5th and last of the Myst series of adventures and come away totally awed by the entire experience . Myst 5 is breathtaking in its scope and accomplishment ; pushing out the envelopes of capability and vision into new realms . It is hard to even begin to imagine how some of the Myst 5 puzzlements could have been devised let alone then realized in interactive graphics software that could actually be engaged and solved by visitors.Myst 5 can take quite a while to complete depending upon the number of recreational hours allocatable to this adventure . But this is true of all the Myst adventures and should not be a problem for anyone who is into ` the process ' of adventure , and not into rushing to ` the goal ' of completion as quickly as possible . After all it is very disappointing having one of these adventures come to an end after so much quality mind-bending time together . The Myst adventures are so fascinating in their detail and imaginativeness that some of us have delighted in prolonging the experiences by exploring all areas that are off-the-beaten-path just to examine the excellence of the designers ' achievements , or by stopping just before the final steps and giving tours of our favorite places that are all open and working to family members ; then returning for the completion.The Save feature of Myst 5 is unique among the set in that it enables returning automatically to the place where one last left off . Unfortunately , it is not possible to manually Save at a strategic point in order to try out the other endgame scenarios . Myst 5 requires one to make only one final and permanent decision -- hopefully the right one . Of course it is always possible to complete entirely new run-thrus from the beginning that can be ended differently.The Myst worlds are archaeological in scope and seem to be designed for people who are very patient , thorough , and detail-oriented , and who do not mind retracing their steps -LRB- sometimes many times over -RRB- in order to probe , analyze , understand and solve . One can get lost in this stuff . When complex mechanisms actually work after dissecting them fully and logically , the sensation is magically rewarding . The Myst worlds also presume a certain threshold level of intelligence and creative problem-solving ability , along with a good measure of multi-dimensional and conceptual thinking ability . The Myst explorations are not for air-heads nor those who are into empty shooter mayhem . Yet Myst worlds can become so richly rewarding and immersive for many people that , in time , the places visited come to occupy a similar kind of memory as that of real places visited on trips or vacations , with vivid details readily recalled years afterward.That being said , the puzzles and story lines in Myst 1 , 2 , and 3 comprise a sort of ` self-discovery ' phase , in that one can pretty much noodle one 's way through them with persistence and trial-and-error and without outside help . In this phase there is much random roaming about trying to figure out what 's going on and how things work . There are underlying levels of checklists that need to be completed but the order of completion within a level is arbitrary . However , one can not proceed to the next level without having first completed all tasks within a given level.Some participants in these early explorations become frustrated with the amount of time it takes to work out the underlying genius of the puzzlements that must be solved to facilitate advancement . Therefore , to enhance the real pleasure of ` the process ' , and the sense of accomplishment , it is useful to keep a personal journal or notebook in which to record facts , things figured out , and discoveries that could be useful later on . This also prevents having to travel back long distances to re-examine clue-like items previously encountered . These diaries are also helpful should one wish to re-visit the Myst worlds over and over without having to re-expend the sometimes heavy time investment in former trial-and-error discoveries.Myst 3 's story line is just slightly askance -- kind of like a backstory -- from the previous and subsequent characterizations , but the quality of the imagery and everything else in it are so absolutely top notch that this journey is well worth the time and mental energy expended . -LSB- Another medial adventure called URU
 Apologies if this is too similar to already existing threads . I 'm trying to focus on a specific area of some earlier -LRB- and heated -RRB- discussions.I seem to remember when Uru Live closed down , That turned out to be even more true than any of us could have hoped ! But I think it shows something - that now it is a game again , to be successful there will have to be a little more to it than ` just ' puzzle content and the community.Basing this on several factors
 Myst - The standard that all other games are measured by.Excellent value in the Collector 's Edition , with all the extra features . The extras are worth the price of the game!Myst has stunning graphics , other worldly sounds , award winning music , and is a challenge to the mind.For all the people who have grown tired of shoot-em ups , this game provides whole new worlds to explore.Myst V - End of Ages stands on it 's own.You do NOT have to know any of the other Myst games to enjoy Myst V.You can jump right in and start playing.If you want to get a feel for the whole saga , try realMYST . RealMyst is a full motion 3D - updated for today - version of the original Myst 1 game . Once you 've enjoyed playing it , you 'll absolutely love the rest of the Myst series.Myst Graphical and sound quality is better than many Hollywood movies , and so I am waiting for the Hollywood deal to produce the Myst Movie series.Myst is by far a more mind-blowing adventure than any Star Wars movie , and since it is open to new worlds , it could be a very successful TV series , even more so than StarGate . I would love to see the SciFi channel do a Myst TV show!But , do n't wait for the movie , get Myst V - End of Ages Collectors Edition , with all the extra special features , today !
 NBA 2008 is a great game , do n't get me wrong , but I am sorry , you just can not match up to NBA 2K8 . The graphics and the gameplay are better on 2K8 . But I will give Live a shout out for the simulation options in dynasty mode . Its great to be able to intervene games so you can take control even though your not playing the game .
 I 'm very satisfied with this game . The controls are very good and the graphics also are acceptable .
 Man i was almost fooled in to geting the cartoony , NBA2K ! Live is just much better . I 've been a live fan for yrs , and yes last years version sucked . But i think EA got there head out of their azz , and took thier time on this game . The game play is so much better , the controls are not like your playing a fighting game -LRB- combos -RRB- Its striaght forward ! So if you were a live fan since the 90s , you can rest assure this is far better then the SEGA game . Only prob is which one to get ti on PS3-XBOX360 ?
 i have this game for playstation 3 so i bought it as a present for a friend of mines who owns a 360 ... i use to constantly read forums who claimes that the game was crap . My advice is to play it for yourself and find out ... no matter how i try i cant put the game down . i love the go to moves ... anyway ... you wont be disappointed it is a better game that people is giving it credit for .
 quite simply the reason why I had to purchase a Xbox 360 ... yes it 's true , after playing this at my buddies house , I had to go out and buy the console as well as the game the next day ... I , like many , have been extremely disappointed with recent EA NBA live editions for a couple years now , so I was n't expecting to much from this one ... boy was I amazed by the change of graphics and realism that was implemented into the game !! Although it not a perfect 5 star game , it shows that EA sports is back being number 1 in basketball games .
 After quite a few years of dissapointing releases the NBA Live series has done itself proud with NBA 2008 . The biggest improvement being the realistic games play , and the shotting , passing and all-round movement graphics.GAMEPLAY - Simply outstanding . With 100s of different moves and the control you have over the dribbler with the right analog stick , the gameplay is more realistic then ever . The rebounding battles are fantastic . The new OWN THE PAINT feature is great , with posting up giving you an array of options to use in order to create your shot . The artificial Intelligence is also greatly improved , with defensive covers switching and helping each other out , and back door cuts etc.GRAPHICS - Looks better than ever . Not as huge an improvement as the gameplay but it really looks great , and the players have their own features and facials are great.LONGEVITY - Fantastic , you can play untill the end of time with the great dynasty mode with more features than ever , statistics and management options making it even more enjoyable.FEATURES - The new international mode has been introduced . As yet only 8 countries to choose from but a big step in the right direction with world championship mode . As well as this feature all the usuals , practice , dynasty , all star weekend etc.SOUND - The commentry in particular is excellent this year . With far less repetitions , and far more natural talk in what is actually happening in front of you.OVERALL - BUY THIS GAME !! Finally an NBA game with non stop enjoyement and realism , you wont be disapointed .
 Every year , it 's the same debate . Should I get the newest incarnation of NBA Live with all it 's promises of better gameplay than the year before or should I stick with the reliable , yet bland 2k series ? Well this year , I actually find myself playing NBA Live 08 more than I do NBA 2k8 . That 's not a knock to 2k8 , but I find Live 08 to be a more straight-forward basketball experience . There are no crazy gimmicks that detract from the gameplay.So what 's new this year ? Everything . The game has been completely rebuilt from the ground up with gameplay being the biggest improvement . Low post players can now dominate the paint with a variety of offensive moves -LRB- spins , hook shots , pump fakes , etc. -RRB- Cross-overs and juke moves using the right thumbstick are more fluid and realistic and new signature moves are also a nice addition . For instance , while holding the right trigger and pushing either the dunk or shoot button , your superstar will pull off a power move only unique to him that increases the chances of having the shot go in . There 's even a nice video tutorial during the shoot around session at the main menu which shows each superstar 's primary signature move.The graphics have been given a complete overhaul and surprisingly , I found that the player models in Live 08 were much better than the ones in 2k8 . Facial modeling is superb and dead on . EA really went out of their way to create eaThe courts look accurate and are cleanly rendered . The crowds are also very nice and do n't resemble spray-painted card board boxes as they do in other sports titles.Despite the vast improvement in this year 's game as opposed to the year before , there are still a couple of glaring problems that are downright maddening . The worst is the ridiculous loading times before a game . I once clocked it at four minutes . Online games are not much better.The A.I. substitutions can also be a little loopy as point guards will occasionally be substituted for centers . Point blank shots near the rim tend to clang off the metal and there are instances where a player with the ball will be standing clearly out of bounds and nothing is called.Despite these bugs , I still enjoy playing Live 08 . It 's not much better than 2k8 , but I appreciate the fluidity of the controls and the excellent visuals and player models . Good job , EA .
 I follow both EA and 2k sports basketball games ... as I am an avid basketball fan . Both offer unique styles of gaming . Seeing no review of this game made me write a brief one.NBA Live 08 is a great game . I would consider it the first next-gen basketball title to date . The graphics are very polished , textures and all , and is by far the best looking basketball game made to date . The updated physics are great , much more realistic than the past Live games of the series.Dynasty mode is great as usual , all-star weekend is great -LRB- 3point contest and slam dunk contest -RRB- , practice mode , and so many others . The variety of modes is a good add on . The online play is great , with online leagues that work great , never having to play at a certain time or set schedule.Controls are near perfect , but some delay . The dribbling moves dedicated to the right thumbstick are still present , and are remarkable . The game plays more uptempo compared to a 2k game , as Live always has ... but that 's what we love . The ability to post up , run offense , isolate and drive by your man , run pick and rolls , as well as many other things make this game a must have . The only con is the arcade style , which makes it to easy to get to the rim and dunk at times . Other than that , I have invested many hours and days into this game the past year , and definitely think it is a turning point in EA 's Live series franchise . With 09 coming out , and it 's demo displaying even more realism and physics , they got it right with this game , and are only building from it!Easily the best 360 basketball game to date ... a close one to 2k8 , but Live08 's graphics make it the true next gen experience !
 This is one of the best basketball games made to date . Last year 's version was not very good but when I played this game I immediately noticed the difference . This game is very smooth and the graphics are amazing . No more glitches . The new game modes are great as well . I recommend this game to any sports fan .
 Have n't bought the live series in a while , because of a lot of disappointment ! I have to say that this years version is a winner ! Create - a-player is great , a lot of variety ! The graphics are life-like and to a tee ! No bugs or any glitches so far ! Have been playing almost all day
 This is a great game for playing against your friends or simply playing through the season by yourself . Excellent graphics make this a very enjoyable game along with customizable difficulty levels to make it competitive and more realistic , enjoy !
 Lots of people say 2K9 or 2K8 is better but I still support EA . The control and graphic is perfect , and the data of players are the most official !
 This is an awesome game!Sound 10/10
 a sequel to the ega title duke makes the jump to vga and expands the game play to basically letting you destroy everything on a level . the plot is duke basically getting abducted so his brain can be used to take over earth unfortunately for them duke breaks out grabs a gun and starts a path of destruction being an apogee title duke is kept at a teen level of content but the plot of this game leads in to the third installment of the series .
 This game showcases the amazing power of the Playstation 3 . With features such as realtime gear change Riiiiiiiiiidge Racer is far ahead of the XBox 260 and Wii competition . The only thing missing are Giant Enemy Crab drivers , maybe they will be in Ridge Racer 8 .
 I am reviewing this because of the many unfair negative reviews that I have read . The game graphics are superb . My TV is High Definition and running the games in 1080i -LRB- Maximum resolution of my TV -RRB- , the game graphics are unbelievable.The game play is also superb . The game is not easy , I would say that it is medium in difficulty . The cornerstone of the game is drifting the car and being able to control the car drifting in corners at very high speeds . You win races , get credit and new equipment and then buy more equipment and so on . It takes a few hours to really master drifting properly . AND then the fun begins.Once you mastered the game and won the huge amounts of single player games on the games itself , you can then compete online . There are many wonderful tracks with immaculate scenery . The games allows you to play any of those , with any of the huge number of cars that you have , in normal or reverse directions . The possible iterations are endless.Another impressive thing about the game is the handling of the cars . Each car feels different and handles differently . The upgrades to each of the cars changes the experience entirely.To-Date , this is the best Game I have on the PS3 , and I find myself playing for hours . Very Challenging in parts , and really fun.It also support to players where you can race against a second player on the same machine.The Game is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 Pros -- stunning graphics considering the tech level of 06 -- almost the same physics as those in PSP ones -- customization , great idea , although they could 've offered more options -- increased difficulty from PSP ones , races are no longer total dominationsCons -- There does n't seem to be a special class or I am not far enough -- Too many manufacturers , the managing relationship points can be an awful headache -- unlocking requirements are a little weirdIt 's fun game , not a serious racing game . If you are stressed out by Gran Turismo and want to relax , or if you are not great at racing games but want some fun at high speed , go for it .
 Length :
 Overall , good racer . Got this in 2010 , 4 years after its original release . Graphics texturing and reflections are a little primitive by PS3 standards now , but for its time it is a great showcase of the famous Ridge Racer sensation of speed.Later races are rather difficult and seem to rely almost as much on luck as on skill .
 I admit that I am a fan of racing games . To me , the things that matter most are a strong sense of speed , good handling of the vehicles , and graphics . I have played Ridge Racer games on the original Playstation , and I admit that they sucked ... bad ! However , I picked up RR7 on the launch day of the PS3 , and I will say that I made the best choice ! RR7 has realistic looking graphics , great music , fun controls -LRB- albeit with a moderate learning curve -RRB- , and a good sense of speed . I highly recommend it for people looking for a racing game featuring modern , realistic vehicles . There are no weapons or anything , this is pure racing , but makes extensive use of the online Playstation Network , has free downloadable content , online rankings galore , and countless modes of online competitive racing , complete with online gambling -LRB- with points -RRB- . I could go on and on about it , but the best thing to do is just buy a copy . You will not be disappointed if you enjoy pure racing games .
 I bought this game on the rebound after I went looking for Motor Storm before finding out it doesnt release until feb 27 , so I think it may have affected my enthusiasm for the game . I went home and put it in the system and played a few races , started a career mode , and so on , and came to the conlusion RR-7 was a an ok arcade racing game . The career mode does n't come alive the way Gran Turismo does , and the game play itself is cartoonish , although the visuals and speed of the game are outstanding . So that was my opinion after one day
 I thought nothing would ween me from PC games to console games . Enter Ridge city . I purchased three games at the same time -LRB- madden , fifa and RR -RRB- thinking I would play each one casually . Boy was I wrong . I cant get my hands off RR . It is difficult to get the hang of cornering when you first get the game . Then as you play , you develop your technique and before you know it , your a force to be reckoned with . The online game is extremely difficult and i have yet to place better than last or second to last . But I can see how those other players got so good . I do concede the following
 RR7 is a great game . if u wan na have fun drifting and battleing against others cars then this is your game . playing online is even better , get your already fixed up car and meassure your skill vs. players all around the world . THE SOUND IS GREAT and the way you achieve things in this game is aweson . if you learn how to drift and really can handle the preassure then u r gon na love this game . graphics a OK too . GREAT GAME !!!
 I really like this game . It is easy to get into and there is great varity with the cars , tracks and race surroundings . The only thing is that to get to higher levels it is best if you can also play online against other racers ... But for the rest this is lots of fun !
 I found this game to be very enjoyable even without the rumble feature on the PS3 . ` Career Mode ' is interesting and gaining cars must be bought or won . Additionally , each brand gives you points for each race you win with THEIR car which puts a new twist in a typical racing genre . I found this product to be more enjoyable than NFS or PGR .
 First off , I honestly do not understand all the hate and Negative Reviews `` Ridge Racer 7 '' always seems to get . . it seems a lot of people complain about it being totally unrealistic with no sense of real world physics whatsoever , well thats what an `` Arcade '' racer means , if you want Real world physics and handling , Buy `` GT5 '' or `` Dirt 3 '' , they are about as close as you are going to get to a real `` SIM '' on the `` PS3 '' . . I myself love both the `` GT '' and `` DIRT '' Series , I also race IRacing and project Cars on the `` PC '' to get my `` SIM '' Fix so to speak , BUT . . I also LOVE a gr8 `` Arcade '' Racer , and IMHO `` RR7 '' is a GR8 Arcade racer , it 's super Fun , the graphics are simply stunning . . what is really amazing is the fact that `` RR7 '' was a `` PS3 '' launch title , which means it came out in , or around 2006 & they still would give most newer titles on the `` PS3 '' one hell of a run for their money with the possible exception of titles like `` NFS Hot Pursuit '' & `` NFS Most Wanted '' which are pretty much THE best looking titles on the `` PS3 '' hands down.Also `` RR7 '' works extremely well with both the `` Logitech DFGT '' & `` G27 '' which is an absolute must for me , because I only play Racing titles that have wheel support , Once you start using a decent wheel and pedal set for your Racing titles , you will NEVER EVER go back to a standard Controller . . Trust me!I Honestly have a gr8 time with `` RR7 '' and enjoy it immensely , it is it 's own animal and there really is not another racing title to compare it too . . it is very unique with it 's own style and driving mechanics ... that to be fair , do take some time to get used to , and one should know this before buying this title , this is really not a pickup and play racer . . One needs to spend some time with it , get used to the some what strange driving dynamics and timing of your drifts in the sharp corners . . it 's not a super tough racer to get a handle on . . but it is not dead easy either , . and to be fair some of the tougher levels can get very challenging indeed , but personally I enjoy a game that challenges me , and makes me learn the courses by trial and error , it makes winning a race much more satisfying to me.so I suppose the answer to the question of whether you should buy `` RR7 '' depends on what you personally want out of an arcade racer , I myself think this is one of those games people either LOVE or HATE , I can only tell you how I feel about this title , and maybe point out a few things that may or may not interest you , I hope I have done that ;-RRB- cheers and gr8 racing & Gaming .
 Ridge Racer 7 PS3 is a car racing game that relies on drift . You do n't just race in a straight line around a track - you have to skid along the corners in order to win.Much of how much you like or dislike this game is going to come down to how much you enjoy that idea . If you 're the kind of person who plays `` regular '' racing games all the time and enjoy that straight blast of speed , you might be frustrated in trying to get your car to drift properly . It might go against what you want to do , and you just wo n't enjoy the play.Also , the game is n't meant to be a realistic racing sim . You can easily ping-pong off of the side barriers and walls and other cars . They simply nudge you back into line to keep going . So if part of your skill is in talented avoidance of other cars , or perhaps scaring them into easing off , that wo n't work here.So , that being said , Ridge Racer 7 is quite good at what it does offer . For that fun action-movie style of racing where you 're skidding with squealing tires around a curve , knocking your opponent off-line and then nitro-zipping to victory , you 'll have it made . The cars ' traits are customizeable . You can even change how they look . You 've got a selection of tracks to work with as part of the single-player game , and then you can take it online to challenge other top notch racers.Yes , the game is n't easy . You 'll have to practice a fair amount to get deep into the game . I do n't consider that a bad thing . It lets you build up the skill set necessary to win and it keeps you interested in moving forward.I was n't personally fond of the music , but they do have an option to turn it off . So I simply did that and played my own MP3s while I raced . Not really a bit issue.So , in the end , well recommended for someone who enjoys this type of racing . If you 're not sure it will match up with your racing style , rent it - but be sure to play it for a solid weekend at least before you give up on it . It 'll be tricky at first . Hang in there and give it a solid test , to build up your skills , before you decide if it 's for you or not.Rating
 To make this short , I love this game . The only thing I would have improved upon is the rubberband AI . Word of advice -LRB- if you are a newcomer to this game -RRB- - Stay in about 3rd place until the final lap and then try your best to get in 1st place.Overall - A very good game and since it is at a bargain price , I find it a hard deal to pass up . Enjoy !
 I really love this game and wanted to pick it up to try out the 3D feature . My review is based on trying the 3D experience . Unfortunately , the 3D feature is not possible with this Disc . When you load the Disc into your PS3 , it downloads an update -LRB- v1 .01 -RRB- , but you can not get update v2 .01 which allows for 3D play . I searched all over for answers and it seems like Euro and Asia got the patch for free while the US made it available for a few months then stopped distributing it . The only way to get the 3D license version to buy the full game via the PS3 Store for $ 20 . It seems unfair that they allow people to buy the game on disc but deny the 3D License upgrade . It 's still a great game so my rating still stands but I wished the disc was eligible for upgrade .
 excellent product to have and enjoy as the kids can not put the game system down . I encourage any parent to buy this game as it is a keeper .
 i love this gift . . i bought this for my son as he is a fan of the sport and he loves it . . make this a wonderful gift that he enjoys and can only bring back memories down the road . This product I recommend to any parent .
 It 's a fun game . If your looking for a game with realistic handling and great and vast selection of cars ; you might look elsewhere . I think this game is great for the anyone that is n't ready to drive but has an idea . Also this game is for those that fell in love with the franchise from the fourth installment from way back from the first playstation . I like it , hopefully you will too .
 Hi , I own this for my PS3 , and I love it ! The graphics make the cars look incredbily real . I think the game is very fun . The only slight draw to this is that the controls at the beginning were kinda hard to get in your head , but after I played it for about a week , I really got the hang of it . When you 're in grand prixs , you really get into the races because it 's so much fun , and it looks so realistic . My brother came in and asked me if I was watching TV or playing a game , he could n't tell the difference , it 's that good ! A great buy anywhere Five Stars !
 RR7 is the logical next step in the Ridge Racer series , and is the best one so far . But , like most of the RR games , not without its flaws.Ridge Racer has never been about realism . The physics are about as ridiculous as it gets , the `` nitrous '' feature is really a rocket boost , wrecks do n't damage your car , etc. . RR is about fun , fast , aggressive driving , and is much easier to master than a `` real '' simulation like the GT series.Graphically the game is superb , highly detailed cars and beautiful scenery . It has occasional frame rate problems , particularly when sliding through turns with several other cars in the turn -- fortunately this has n't been a problem so far . But I 'd honestly prefer a solid framerate over great graphics.The past few RR games have added new features -LRB- RR5 included `` drafting '' -RRB- . In RR7 you earn money by winning races , and can then buy new cars and various car upgrades . A much better approach than the all-too-linear progression in previous games , as it gives you control over which cars get upgraded . It 's nothing like the overly-complex car setup/tweaking in DiRT or GT , but it 's fully in line with RR 's theme of `` keep it simple , keep it fun '' . A major focus of RR7 is on online play . I miss the story mode from RRT4 , as campy as it was -- especially as I 'm not interested in online competition . The online rankings might be interesting , except people have obviously found ways to cheat and inflate their numbers to unrealistic/unbeatable scores.A female announcer/copilot ?! I think this is a positive change . The previous series ' commentators were downright obnoxious and I always ended up turning them off.If you enjoyed the previous games you 'll like this one , although it is a bit more complicated and I think the focus on online play is unfortunate . If you 're new to the series , just keep in mind it 's not about real cars or real racing and I think you 'll enjoy it .
 The game is well balanced in terms of difficulty . initially it may or may not take some getting used to to adapt to the drift style behavior of these cars . As you accumulate more experience and victories you get access different parts , like different nitrous types , suspension to control how much you drift , of or engine behavior mods , which will make the game easier and interesting . however the game becomes more challenging when you enter a stretch when your opponents can use custom parts too . Game play is therefore ok , the AI will put will battle with you in tight races and some races will be won by pure luck . The annoyances would be that he Ai cars are not prone to mistakes , they also generally recover well from collisions and bumping them may cause more harm than good in tight races . The tracks have beautiful scenery , the game looks really good , however there are about 6 main tracks and variations to each annoying since the first stretch of track looks the same , and if you 're not paying attention to the names you may mistake one track for the next until you make a wrong turn . Music , well if you ever had a ridge racer game you 'll know their music style , techno sounding stuff and mostly instrumentals , some are OK . Recovery is also bad if you hit a wall at the wrong angle , you might as well restart , ironically the AI seems to never be as affected by collisions to the degree you are . Auto-save option would be nice too . Over still a good arcade racer .
 Great feeling that trails the RR series since PS1!With the Nitrous feature , makes the game more special.Only one set back is lack of Rumble support on Dualshock3 .
 ok here 's the deal . this is obviously not a `` sim '' type of video game like some might say Gran Turismo is , but this game is a lot of fun , has good decent graphics and HAS SOMETHING VERY IMPORTANT A LOT OF OTHER RACING GAMES LACK , MAYBE I SHOULD SAY ALL OTHER RACING GAMES ... MULPITPLAYER MODE PEOPLE ! AND I MEAN SPLIT SCREEN LOCAL MULTIPLAYER !
 Next to motorstorm , this is the next big racer on the Ps3 . Great Graphics and awesome looking cars . I just ca n't stop playing . A must have for any racing fan like myself .
 I just started playing this game two weeks ago . I love it . The cars you can play are awesome looking cars that do n't exist in real life . I was not a racing fan until I played this game . It got me hooked . You can play people all over the world in the Online Battle to really test your true skills . You get the sense that you are a real world class racer ! Try it out , you will see what I mean . However , do n't get frustrated when you fail to unlock new cars . You just need to retry a couple of times . Stick with it , and you will get better beyond your imagination .
 If you have this game and have not found it that hard , go online with it . There you will go up against people from around the world and see how you size up . The game its self is fun , but for me its to arcade . If you like Gran Trusimo , this is nothing like it . The graphics are good , very good actually , and the replay value is good . When you start off it seems like it will be a easy to go through the whole game without a lose but it gets very tough as you move on to faster cars . Online i give it a 5 and if it wasnt for the arcade style of racing then i would give it a higher score then 3 . All in all , rent it before you buy it .
 this is really a wonderful game , this is one of the best race game on PS3there is nothing i need to say about game , bucuz it is 5 star game forever !!! also , the new system is amazing , you can upgrade your card and desgine ur onw color to the carbut a new rage racer if coming , so i thought you do n`t need buy this game for now unless the new game is badtherefor , i give 5 star to this game , cuz its really nice !!!!! but i recommand buyers , buy the new one instead of this game
 Is a bit hard to control the draft at begining . However , once you comfortable to control the direction of draft , this game will become an amazing race game . Good luck !
 I just picked up my copy of this game a few days ago . Having played the original Ridge Racer at the Playstation One launch in 1995 this brought back memories . The original title became frustrating for me with the lack of real driving . The graphics were excellent in that version for the PSone as in this version . This game supports full 1080p and it shows . Being one of only a handful of full HD supported games . My main reason for picking up this game was to showcase the graphical quality . In general I expected an okay racing title with more Ridge Racer racing physics . To say the least I have been quite pleasantly surprised.This game has a moving dance soundtrack that will have you wanting to move faster . So far I have throughly enjoyed playing this game . It moves fast and looks good . The physics are obviously realistic . Please do n't try to compare this to a realistic racing simulator . Take it for what it is . A fun racing game . Online this game moves smooth . Just like most games I have played online for PS3 the network is excellent.In closing if you are looking for a quality racing title that will keep you moving in grooving Ridge Racer is it .
 Okay , let me start off by saying I have completed RR-6 100 % and all I do now is race online to get wins and stats , This game RR-7 was really fun at first , I mean I was like wow the drifting , the gameplay , the overall game . Then I got to the extreme battles at 91.4 % done and now I have already broken 3 controllers from rage . I ca n't believe they make you race class 1 cars with special class , I am 5 races away from victory and I know there is no way I will complete this game . The special cars are like a billion times faster than the car you have , Ridge Racer 6 at least made you want to keep playing because you where always so close to winning but it made you work just a tad bit harder to get the win . I almost kicked the PS3 with rage but then I thought `` Dang 599.99 bucks '' so I took out the game and almost threw it , but then I thought 59.99 lol . so I put it away and walked off . Still I love this game and ca n't stop playing.My point is this game is so fun I will keep playing untill I have 100 % . All my online friends who have a PS3 like me feel the same way , we are RR vets and always will be and we are all in our 40 's . Now remember Japan got the game before we did so the online experience is funny because they blow us out the water but I still tend to get a few wins and give them a good challenge . If you are a drift king , come race with us.Hope this helps you out and keep gaming .
 It 's great charger . You can use it while playing PSP.And you can see the light that will tell you when it recharge done.Charge time
 This software is very educational for girls 5 or older , it plays beautiful songs and Madeline makes learning very easy going . I had it for my older daughters who are now 13 and 12 and they love it too .
 This is a great addition to your game software collection for Mac OS X. To begin with , there is not a lot to choose from as far as casino-style suites for the new Mac OS , especially since Hoyle -LRB- Sierra -RRB- has abandoned us loyal Mac users starting with the 2004 editions . I say good riddance , Sierra ! Anyway , this is probably the only replacement for Hoyle , but you wo n't miss Hoyle . You get over 10 games and their variations , but I do have a few minor complaints . First , to have included the game `` War '' is a bit cheesy and unnecessary . Second , the load time between games is longer than usual , and tests one 's patience . Third , the player depictions for the Poker game are also a bit cheesy , and you ca n't choose different players as you could in Hoyle , but like I said , it 's a minor inconvenience . Lastly , the installer does n't work like most , you get the spinning barber pole but not the progress bar , so you do n't know at first if it is actually installing , or just hanging , but eventually it DOES install and you get the `` finished '' alert . All in all , this is a must-have collection of games that is very reasonably-priced and I thank Phantomefx for creating this suite of games for OS X. Looking forward to future editions !
 NBA Live is a great game for basketball lovers , but not PS2 sports fanatics . It lacks the play-as-a-superstar in first person aspect of Madden and MLB the show , but still provides a good dynasty mode . I am dissapointed though , even now they still do n't have the supertstar . The game would fly off the shelves .
 I only bought it for the roster updates . Controls are a little new . Prefer that of 07 but its manageable .
 I have n't played a PS2 NBA Live since Live 03 , but I had to pick this one up after the disappointment of the 360 version . Load times on the 360 are just so atrocious and the gameplay was mediocre . I remembered from Live 03 that there are retroes and other goodies in the PS2 version , and they are not in the 360 version . I 'm glad that the retroes are all here , and that 's all that matters to me . So if you want a game with retroes , third jerseys , and easy control with minimal load times , stick to the PS2 version of Live 08 .
 SINCE THE FIRST DAY I GOT THIS SOFTWARE , I WAS HOOKED . THE BEST PART OF IT IS IT DOES N'T COST ME ANYTHING TO PLAY THE SLOTS THATARE SO MUCH FUN TO PLAY . IT MAKES ME LAUGH AND IT 'S ENTERTAININGALSO . I WOULD SUGGEST THIS SOFTWARE TO ALL WHO LIKE PLAYING THE VIDEO SLOTS OR NICKEL SLOTS . IT 'S FUN .
 This control is defidently 5 * and on a scale from 1 -10 , it would probaly get a 9 or so . Thats why i have 2 of them at home connected to my 64 . The only disappointment is that if your used to the reg . controls , then the grips on this control might take a little gettin used to . But other than that i would reccomend it .
 The only problem with mine is a tiny chip where my cousin dropped it off a 3 foot bed onto a wooded floor . It is not malfunctuanul or anything .
 This product is so cool.I might just get 2 of them.I wish I had one to save every game that I have . I have 14 games so I guess I have to buy 14 memory cards . Memory cards are so easy to use . I just love using them . This is one of the best brands you can buy !
 I too recommend this game like the others here . This game really floated under the radar unfortunately , and that makes it hard for those of us thinking of picking up the game and not waiting to get ripped off , or stuck with a very un-fun game.Not true with Hard Rock Casino
 What a great little game for the PSP !!! Lots of great casino games without the trip to Vegas or Atlantic City , and it 's loads of fun to play , and much cheaper to boot !!! A great casino simulator !!! Five stars !!! Two thumbs up !!! A +
 This game is really fun , I still have n't finish it , but it 's really fun and realistic , the loading times are short.I really recommend this game for anyone who likes different types of table games or poker , slot machines are no big fuzz but they 're fun as well .
 I 'm not a gamer but I wanted to play poker , blackjack and other casino style games so I could review the basic procedures to feel comfortable when I visit Las Vegas . I could not find a nice simple game for the PS3 that had this type of play so I looked on line . I made a mistake and did n't know the difference in PS3 and PSN . Reminder for other buyers that this format does n't load into PS3 . I have to borrow my grandaughter 's PSP to use the game . It is an easy to play and has several skill levels for both the beginner and more skilled players . Recommend it for the unskilled gamer as a learning device for both gaming skills and casino games specifically .
 One of the best titles for gambling/casino gambling diciples available . Every house game is available , all the card games , slots , off track betting with horses -- you name it . A worthy purchase .
 Game is very easy to play . You have a wide variety of Casino based games you can participate in . Game play is fairly realistic , and challenging . Graphics are very good and crisp . A good game to buy if you have a lot of idle time like flying to a far away destination where you need to kill some time .
 I was just browsing and like anyone else , I enjoy some R&R at Atlantic City every once in awhile -LRB- Only if i win teehee -RRB- . So , I came across this game accidentally and thought it would be worth checking out . I rarely buy games that are based off TV shows , board games , etc because they usually end up being a hideous disaster . However , this game differs from the bunch . You can enter the casino in adventure mode or just head directly to the games such as slot , tables , etc. . My big thing was Roulette so I wanted to make sure that was on here and it is . I wish I could go into further detail , but it 's only a casino game . For twelve bucks , I ca n't complain . This is an excellent shopping decision and an enjoyable distraction for when you 're traveling on vacation , waiting for a movie to start , or when the inevitable friend usually tends to show up late because one knows that being on time , is not there motto .
 I only understand about half of the games you can play on here but what I 've been able to do has been fun . The game is larger than I expected which is great . It 's a good way to pass the time if you 're feeling bored .
 Not much to review here but , if like the color blue and you need a memory pak to save data to your N64 games , this is your choice . This game pak is fairly cheap so I advise you to get something like this for memory saving -LRB- assuming the data will not be more than 123 pages -RRB- .
 Be proud of Pelican and what they have achieved , because this expansion ram rocks and definitly the BEST ! You will instantly see the better graphics , sound , anything you can think of . For the price I garuntee you will have spent your money wisley , get one for your N64 TODAY .
 I 've used this expansion pack for about five years and I have never had any trouble with it .
 This knockoff expansion pack is better than the real thing . The additional heat sink prevents overheating and fusion of the expansion pack to the game console . I have not experienced ANY compatability problems , and the games that take advantage of it look much prettier . I do n't see how any N64 owner can go without one of these .
 This thing works Great ! I have used it on Perfect Dark , ASB , Rogue Squadron , Episode 1 Racer , and more . My brother had a Nintendo pak that fried itself , but the heat sink on this one keeps it running just fine . Have never had any compatability issues or anything like that .
 compared to other amazon prices it is far grater , and performance will match that of the original packs.Ive trusted this brand since i was a kid and have yet to be dissapointed .
 UPDATED as of March 24th , 2007
 This is so much fun . I also am seen at the casino once in awhile and on this game I have a half a chance to win if I 'm careful . Last time I was on I won $ 20,000.00 . Wish it was the real casino ! Games call for some little skill , which is about all the skill I have , but so much fun .
 I 've spent years searching and experimenting with different games to play with my `` non-gamer '' wife
 It 's kind of odd , a few months before The Simpsons Game was released , I was reading previews all over the place about how everyone thought this was not only the best Simpsons game ever made , but also a contendor for game of the year . I guess that the demo versions they played , they must have assumed that the few problems it has would be fixed , because while the game is indeed great , it does have some glaring problems.First and foremost is the camera angle . It wants to get in your way quite often , and it can really tick you off when you 're doing some of the mor eprecise platforming parts of the game . Honestly , EA is a pretty respectable company with a lot of talent under their leadership , they could have come up with a better camera for the game ... one that does n't remind me of the crappy camera angles mosr 3D games had in the mid 90 's . Some people have said this game has sloppy controls . Not really , it actually controls really well , it 's just the buggy camera that makes it hard to make precise jumps or get yourself oriented in the 3D world . Another complaint I have is the animation during the cut scenes varies from horrible to amazing . Playing this on my HDTV makes the game look wonderful , especially during cut-scenes . BUT ... from time to time the animation is horribly drawn . I do n't know if they were trying to recapture how the characters looked during the Tracy Ullman days , if so , that is cool as hell , but they do n't really look like the Tracy Ullman characters , so I 'm left wondering if from time to time cheap animation was used to save moeny or something . Either way , no big deal as it does n't occur often.Does all of the above make this a bad game ? Well , my rating for it should clue you in to an answer of `` no '' . Camera issues aside , The Simpsons Game is pure , simple , mindless FUN ! The game makes fun of itself , of other games and is full of innuendos that fans of the show will eat up . Oh , and the game is hilarious , much more so than a majority of the new episodes of the show even ! If you 're a fan of old video and arcade games , you 'll love how some of the gameplay mimics games like Everquest , Frogger , Grand Theft Auto and more . There 's just so much fun to be had here , that aside from the camera issues I 'd consider the game nearly perfect and a must buyu for anyone a fan of the show . The humor and fun-factor is so great , I find myself playing just a bit more to listen to various character 's comments , or to see just one more funny cut-scene . I 've heard rumors that you can unlock the old Simpsons arcade game during the course of playing this game . I 'm really hoping so , that would be the icing an an already half-eaten-by-Homer cake .
 I 've been a huges Simpsons fans since a kid and have played most of the Simpsons games from NES Simpsons games to Hit & Run . This one may be the best from the sheer fact that the graphics are the best to date and the voices are the actual cast of the Simpsons . Graphics for the PS3 version are very good , but they could have pushed it a little further.Animation scenes are also brilliant . Plays & looks well on my 61 '' 1080P TV . Also you can play 2 players for all the missions which is sort of fun . This game is a little too hard for little kids but ages seven and up should enjoy it .
 I 'm a busy 40 year old who was looking for a game that I could jump into for 20 minutes before bedtime for some relaxation . The Simpson 's game fits the bill for the PS3.The good : - balanced gameplay-not too easy or hard-good puzzles-well written story with lots of ` inside ' gags-cell shaded graphics looks just right for the Simpson 's worldThe bad : - Several of the cut scenes had some PG language that disqualifies it from being a kids game -LRB- ca n't turn them off -RRB- . - people under 30 probably wo n't get some of the gameplay gags . Not to ruin the surprises but there are some 80 's arcade homage 's to be found .
 I had a great time playing this game . Making Homer super-fat and playing as Bartman was awesome ! By far this is the best Simpsons game so far . My only complaint about it is that it was too short . It took me less than 22 hours to beat the entire game . All in all though , if you want a game that will make you laugh and lives up to the Simpsons name , then pick this one up !
 A very late review , but I assume you 're reading this because now the price is so low that even if its a bad game you 're willing to try it . Well rest assured this is far from a bad game , given the gameplay , visuals , audio , and story.Graphics : Starting with the strengths , the cutscenes look like they were pulled directly from an episode . Character models look great , colors are vibrant , and you basically believe that you are inhabiting the Simpsons universe . Where the graphics fail sometimes is during the gameplay , as some of the character models look way off , coupled with jaggy lines . Over all though , the game looks sharp.Audio : All the voice talent for the show is used here and the result makes it sound great . Music is fun but forgettable , but its the voices that you will remember and laugh at.Story : Story is blah , save the universe affair . The self-deprecating humor is greatly appreciated from a long-time videogamer and the barrage of jokes make the game feel like an actual episode . So while the story at times is blah or even nonsensical , you 'll be laughing most of the time to care too much bout its shortcomings.Gameplay : So depending on how big a fan you are of the Simpsons and GTA style games -LRB- where aside from missions you explore the city on your own -RRB- you may really like the gameplay or find it so so . I am not a big fan of trying to collect everything and exploring but to some degree it is more fun than in other games . Maybe that 's because you have to work w / the right Simpsons members to reach items -LRB- more on that later -RRB- or because its the Simpsons and I am obsessed . The missions themselves are usually bash everything you see , which can play out a little differently depending on which family member you use . Each member has different powers , Homer and Bart have projectile/bashing/glide abilities , Lisa can stun/control/move large objects and Marge can control mobs to do her bidding . Levels do n't do the best job of utilizing the teamwork concept but its fun enough.Recap : It 's fun , and really cheap , if you 're a Simpsons fan , get it .
 this is a xcellent story line but horror camera view and controlling character i give this game 2 out of 5
 I got this ps3 game for my 21st birthday and the game is fun but I agree with some of the other reviewers the game is way too short . Some playstation3 games take about a couple of days to beat this game only takes about a couple of hourse . other than that the graphics are pretty good not the best graphics but still pretty decent .
 This game is a must for the diehard simpsons fan . Hilarious episodes are transformed into levels . The game is not difficult , infinite lives , but some of the puzzles are a little tricky . As mentioned at other reviews , this game does not take long to complete . I finished in 6 hours . Of course I could go back and try to beat the target times and find all of the trophies . Overall one of the better games I have played for PS3 , a lot of fun .
 This was a fun game , and very funny like the show . Overall very impressed with the game . My only compaint is that I beat it in about a week while not even playing for extended hours . The main game goes by quick . After the main game you can go back and do the levels again trying to beat times to get trophies and find all the hidden stuff for more trophies , that will keep you busy for awhile after you beat it .
 Most of the reviews are spot-on . Excellent animation , story , and voice-acting but comes with frustrating controls . The game possesses the wit and social sarcasm which defined the show in its earlier years . The inside gags , movie and video game references are hilarious . However , if you 're a strict `` gamer '' and not into the Simpsons there is little incentive to play this game , considering the price . The game itself consists of puzzles , time trials , and cartoon battles requiring no strategy.Pros : Fantastic story in the Simpsons tradition with social commentaries belittling video games to eco-terrorism . Many , many references to past shows and characters.Great voice-acting with original cast members.Cons : Very short . Even older adults will finish the game less than 10 hours in their first try.The controls can be anything from frustrating to horrid . Straight , sometimes mean straight or veers off to the left or right.The Simpsons game is not much a fun game as much its a fun experience .
 Bought this for my daughter -LRB- 8 years old -RRB- and loves this game . It 's a great incentive to finish up the homework so she can play with dad -LRB- two players at a time option -RRB- . highly recommend for those rainy days .
 There are a couple things I liked about this game . First is that it reminded me of the good old days of the Simpsons when it was still good . It was also very playable . Many of the levels are logic puzzles and that is a refreshing change from the generic shoot em ` ups that have come out . Much was less complex than I would have liked but understandable since it is designed mainly for kids.Overall it is worth the time and money
 the product arrived quickly and in great condition . i gave this game as a gift so i have not personnally used it . the recipient , however , has told me the game works well . i would recommend this seller and use this seller again .
 This item arrived on time and was exactly what I ordered . I would order from this person again .
 I almost called this review ` Worth the d'oh ' , but I could n't live with myself any more than Homer could live next door to himself.Anyway , The Simpsons Game . Let me say first and before its the best Simpsons game I 've played by a pretty wide margin . So , its better than the old arcade game . It leaves games like Bart vs The Space Mutants in the dust and it knows it.The gameplay borrows from other games , particularly Bully 's less violent , theft-less GTA free roaming . Really , the parts where you walk around Springfield is representative of the levels . You 've probably played it before and better , but the Simpsons make it somehow unique and interesting again . Plus its the one and only game city I 've played in that had children in it . You can keep your Liberty City , I can go in the Kwik-E-Mart ! Does your fancy San Andreas let you beat up Patty and/or Selma ? Huh ? Huh , big-shot ? Huh !? Yeah.Easily the worst part of the game is the camera . If not for that , this would be an average but very playable game . But that thing makes some of the jumping , fighting and levitation harder than it needs to be . Especially in cramped areas , which is a problem using Bart 's Ninja Gaiden-style wall jump and some of Homer 's ramps . Its really not enough to hate the whole game , but its really , really obnoxious at the time . When the camera is n't a problem , the game is very average . Its playable and fun , but its nothing extraordinary.Ah , but if you wanted a so-so free-roaming platformer , I 'm sure there are any number of games you could get . This is The Simpsons ! The Simpsons !! You know how most of the time in Simpsons games , if not for the characters being yellow and telling you to eat it 's shorts they might as well be any character ? Well , this one makes good use of the characters and more importantly , the show 's writers . This game is easily the funniest I 've popped into a console and its Simpsons-funny , not just ` slip on a banana peel ' funny . Its nice also that for the game , video games did n't stop at Mortal Kombat , I mean Bonestorm . There are a lot of references to games like Donkey Kong and Sonic and things like that . But there are also mentions of Kingdom Hearts , God of War and a subtle but clever one of Metroid Prime . Some of the best jokes are n't spoken . Even a couple boss fights are jokes . Its good to see they either drew on less broad game experience or researched more recent games and mined comedy from them . It wo n't lose you if you 're not a game nerd , but if you are one , you 'll get a lot more from it . It also helps a lot to be a Simpsons nerd as there are lots of mentions of things like Mr. Sparkle , nacho hats and older than both of those , Bartman.The big problem is that , while the cut-scene writing is hilarious at worst , most of the in-game comments are either quotes right from the show that do n't mean anything out of context , is eye-rollingly , groin-grabbingly unfunny , or do n't seem right for the one saying it . Lisa in particular seems especially out of character in combat . I know she is n't a fighter by nature , but shes really mean to some of her opponents . Is n't she generally a nice person ? I also noticed Marge swears more than usual . In one level , she calls out to pimps , hos and bitches and in another she tells kids to kill and murder . Is n't this the woman who calls sex ` snuggling ' and wishes she could vote for both candidates in an election because they both seem nice ? Well , no , but to explain would be a massive spoiler , so you should probably forget I typed this sentence . To help you forget , consider what the deal is with Bart 's grappling hook . Why ca n't he grab onto what he grapples up to ? Why?Should you buy it ? Well , the short answer is yes with an if , the long answer is no with a but . If you 're willing to pay for a pretty good , extra-long episode of The Simpsons with an okay game spliced in , go for it . If not , do n't , but you 'd be missing out on an okay game and a pretty good , extra-long episode of The Simpsons . It really depends on how much you like the show . If your reason for considering buying this is more than 60 % because of the license , tell your parents ` buy me The Simpsons Game or go to Hell ! ' . Less than that but more than say 25 % , rent it . If its less than 25 % ... I do n't know , buy the Family Guy game out of spite . That 'll teach 'em . Or if you do n't want to do math , this review has Simpsons references nestled within it 's other , non-reference words . If looking for them does n't sound fun , you 're probably better off with another game . Lee Carvallo 's Putting Challenge is a good alternative.PS-Screw Flanders .
 I really liked the speed of arrival . . consider to be very good . . fectivamente I recommend them to all ... excellent work . thanks
 I 'm a long time Simpsons fan and grew up with the show as a kid . I remember playing the old Simpsons game in the arcades and putting in a bunch of quarters to eventually win the thing . I was surprised how much fun this game was and it 's really rare to play a videogame that will also make you laugh while at the same time being a great game to control and play as well.You get to play not only the Simpsons story , but you are emerged in other worlds where you are a soldier , a medieval person fighting a dragon , and old-school video game where you must find the key to open a door in a 2D world , and must use your unique special abilities to finish quests.The great part about the game was the funny dialogue you got to hear as you advanced through the game . The comic book guy was there every step of the way to give his sarcasm as well as all the other beloved characters from the series . Even after completing the game you can go back and try and complete each level in a competitive time and collect more of the special items.Really fun and I hope they create another in the future .
 Una buena compra a un bajo precio . Me gusto mucho hacer esta compra . Muchas gracias por recibir rapidamente mi compra .
 pretty fun game ! my buddy and i enjoyed the co-op mode . much more of a logic game than you 'd expect out of the simpsons , but it 's different than most other games we 've played and is WAY BETTER than mindless button pushing . the cut scenes are quite amusing , too : -RRB-
 My wife and I play this game together a lot . It 's really addicting and I got mine for about 12 bucks used here on amazon . It 's definitely worth buying .
 Good game . Like an interactive episode . Very funny . Got ta be a fan of the show though in order to truly enjoy it .
 I love this game . homer COOL Bartman so cool a mob even coolr so worth a buy .
 My friend had this game on PS3 and I played it all the time . I finally decided that I needed my own copy to finish the game . I am also a big fan of the Simpson 's . This game is loads of fun .
 First of all , if you buy this game and do n't love watching The Simpsons show , then go find another game right now . I say that because the way the game plays is not drastically different than other games where you play different levels as different characters.What makes this game fun is how basically all of the characters in Springfield are depicted and used throughout the game . Some repetitive actions and some levels are harder than others . Some of the puzzles can be a bit challenging . Overall a good game and one that you wo n't pass easily in one day.Enjoy .
 had fun playing , not usually a video game player but this was actually a game i could keep up with and look like i knew what i was doing ...
 It 's an average 3D platform action-adventure game . It has some terrible camera problems . But that said , it 's a Simpsons game , and if you 're a fan of the show you 'll enjoy it . The script is good , with some genuinely funny moments . There are some fun parodies of other video games .
 this is a good game i was expecting more but i think is good anyway
 I bought this game used as ive watched some simpsons over the years but i generally dont watch tv so i havnt seen most of the episodes and i havnt gotten around to purchasing the dvd yet.As for the game i really enjoyed it , it is rare that i put a game in and play it from begining to end without playing another game in between play sessions . this games has good graphics , good story , good humor and it was really enjoyable to play . the camera sucked sometime 's and thats about it .
 Great deal for the price . Great for simpsons fans . Best simpsons game I 've played in a while .
 In the past , all games based on T.V. or movies have been horrible , so approaching this game with caution makes sense . That said , this game stands on its own as a fun , innovative , and quirky game that is n't just for die-hard Simpsons fans , but for anyone looking for a quick laugh and some solid , fun gameplay.Perhaps the game 's greatest asset is the clever humor , which often pokes fun at ever-present video game cliches and has all the Simpsons style and wit without making you feel trapped in endless re-runs of shows you 've already seen . Everything is creative and feels pertinent to the game and its characters rather than `` stealing '' from the humor of the television series.The animated cutscenes that appear in different parts of the game feel like a reward for advancement , and are always worth whatever trial it took to earn them as they really immerse you in the simpsons world.The gameplay is the game 's next huge asset . Though the quirky humor and funny story keep you interested , the gameplay is addictive and fun . Each simpson character has different powers , and these powers are used to solve various puzzles . Indeed , each segment of the game is basically a different type of puzzle , and figuring out how to use your characters together to solve tasks can be challenging but is always rewarding . These puzzles are always within reach , so with a little trial and error you will be able to solve them without needing to consult a team of geniuses or the internet . Also within the game are various mini-games that pay homage to video game classics like Gauntlet or Asteroids , and they fit perfectly with the game 's style and plot without feeling forced.Though the gameplay is amazingly addictive and the story is fresh and funny , the game has some faults . Like many platformers , the camera angles are sometimes frustrating , though through the entire game this was only a complaint a few times , and even then a minor one . Perhaps the most noticable fault is that the game is short , though getting all the collectibles and getting within the target time would certainly keep you busy for a while . Also , the enemies are sometimes annoyingly tough while bosses are shockingly easy . Though the puzzles are fun , the actual combat system is n't all that great , which makes the enemies feel like `` filler '' between one puzzle and the next.Still , this game is a good buy , surprisingly good as its own game , regardless of the often over-used Simpsons franchise . Any Simpsons fan should buy it , and anyone looking for a quick , fun game will enjoy it too .
 I am not a hard core gamer , so I thought this was a fun game . Well laid out and the sounds , cut scenes , and animations were excellent . my only complaint is that the game is soooooo short ! I finished it in one day . I guess you could go back and do all the extra stuff to make gameplay last a little longer , but for me it 's not going to happen.Recommended for casual gamers and/or Simpsons fans .
 The Simpsons have n't found their place in the video game world . But this time around , theSimpsons Game will deliver for the Playstation 3 with the best Simpsons experience ever.I loved the graphics first off , they make you fell like you 're in the show and the character models and enviroments look awesome esspecialy in the cutscenes that look excactly like they were pulled from the show . However , the in-game cutscenes look a little off . However , still a great looking game.The sound is perfect . The actors from the show are here and do a perfect job at reprising their role . The sound effects and the noise of mobs screaming also sounds like heaven to your ears . The sound is perfect.The gameplay is great , but not perfect . The facts that you can play as all the Simpsons family is great and they have great special moves . Homer can turn into a giant ball and ram people , Bart does the Bartman , Lisa can use the power of god to solve puzzles , and Marge can attract angry mobs . In addition , Maggie can crawl into small tight spaces to solve puzzles . Homer is easily the funnest character to play as because he can also burp and turn into gummie Homer , but the other characters are still fun to play as . The combat is to repetitive but fun , the combat does feel a little broken though . There is co-op to which is great . The gameplay in the Simpsons is great and there are also lots of unlockables to get , however the game could have more levels and a better camera system.The lasting appeal is good , but not great . The game is only 5 hours long but you might want to play it again because it is fun . However the unlockables are worthless and could be recycled . The game will be there to play for a while but it will eventualy get boared if you are an old school gamer.The Simpsons Game in general is awesome . Sure it is short , but the awesome humor and sound , inspiring graphics , and an awesome gameplay makes this Simpsons game a huge hit . Buy it , it is the best Simpsons Game ever .
 The story sets off that you need to earn $ 5,000 in 30 days to keep this orphanage from shutting down . Larry , Moe , and Curly roam the streets looking for jobs to earn money . It 's like a more simplized verson of monopoly the board game . You will work in hospitals , resturants , as a boxer , and even get to play trivia . Beating the game and getting the $ 5,000 is n't hard at all . But see what happenes when you get $ 20,000 .
 This could have been any kind of game , really . It could have been a platformer with the license stapled onto it . But nope . Instead , the developers have taken a more minigame-based approach with said minigames being based off of classic Stooges films ! This was what had me curious . And the game itself was certainly no disappointment.The game involves the Stooges attempting to save an orphanage -LRB- Is this where the recent movie had its storyline from ? -RRB- by getting $ 5000 dollars . More important than that , it has you participate in a cracker-eating contest , get jobs as doctors or waiters -LRB- Pie fight ! -RRB- , etc. . All of which are definitely based on Stooges films . However , to play a certain minigame , you have to select one in a Roulette-ish fashion . Do not select the mousetraps!Although there 's sort of a limited number of minigames to play , there is also a trivia game -LRB- For hardcore fans only -RRB- as well as a chance for Moe to beat the heck out of the other 2 Stooges in that same humorous style as in the original series . There would also be an opportunity to collect bonus money.Even if you had n't checked out how the game plays , the mere presentation would totally appeal to you . The first thing that happens on-screen is that the game happens to have a title screen for `` Ghostbusters 2 '' . Then the Stooges come , and Curly says `` Hey ! We 've got the wrong name ! '' I cracked up when I saw that ! Not to mention , the game throughout has neat comedy bits to stay faithful to the series . On top of that , the graphics are some of the best you 'd see on NES , and the good amount of voice samples is shocking . The music is n't too top-notch , but it was n't bad either.Overall , if you are a Three Stooges fan , or if you like games such as Mario Party , this game is one to try out .
 This was a great buy . Well worth the $ 6 i payed for it . Its entertaining and not very hard to play . Buy this game if you are a stooges fan .
 I have been searching for this particular game for years . As a child my family loved the Three Stooges , and when my brothers had a nintendo this game was on regular rotation . I found it with a guide and sleeve thanks to this seller , and was able to receive it within record time . Plays like a dream , and now my husband and I can enjoy it too . I would definitely use this seller again .
 DO N'T BUY . I know , my rating does n't match what I just said . I 'll explain . My first computer , with a 5.25 '' floppy drive , played this game very well and it was fun to play . When I placed this order , the Vendor had listed it in a manner that made it compatible with my current computer ; Mac OS 10 and a CD drive . When the package arrived it contained 5.25 '' floppies . I contacted the Vendor and got my money back . Other than that , a great game . Good game - not so good Vendor .
 Apparently , a lot of review websites like IGN and GameSpot hate this game for its slowdowns . While there are a few downfalls , the title comes up great , and I really enjoyed the time I spent with it . Everything looks great , the characters have decent voices , and the gameplay does n't force you to learn chaotic combos , while keeping the fighting hectic .
 Wow ! I just have to say wow ! I was at first really disappointed that I had bought the game because right after I had bought it , I was just surfing the web and then went onto IGN to see the reviews . The reviews were it was just ... bad . However , I still decided to play the game because a couple times the games that IGN rate as bad was not bad at all to me and one example was Shining Tears . Anyway , the game was great ! Great animations and graphics , and great battle system -LRB- action rpg -RRB- although I do prefer turn base more since it 's more traditional but the battle system was great . It 's true that it does have slow down but that only happens when there is a lot of monsters that is spawn and other than the that , it 's really smooth . Even during the slowdown , it feels like you are still in control and not losing because any button that you press the character WILL do but just in slow motion . Also , the voice was pretty good and not bad like some games . However , sadly SEGA did not decide to keep the Japanese audio track for it would be great if the game had both the Japanses and English track . Furthermore , the game has so much that you can do and also the events or converstion can be quite different depending on who you choose to play at that moment . Overall , I really like this game because it 's quite fun and although it seems repetitive , it is not because it always keep you entertained .
 So , I decided to purge my shelf of about 15 or so duds I had managed to acquire over the last 5 years for my PS2 , and with my shiny new store credit , I purchased `` Shining Force . '' I know this series has been around for a long time , but I had never played it , and the game promised real-time fighting with elements of strategy , right on the cover!OK , so the cover description was completely misleading . Instead , `` Shining Force '' is simply monster-bashing goodness , in the spirit of `` Gauntlet
 This would be one of those lesser known titles that should 've gotten alot of hype . It has addicting action/rpg gameplay and feels like a fast paced diablo . :D how is that bad !?
 For those that like action rpg 's this is a very good option!Easy to get into and not to difficult . For those new to rpg ` sthis is also a very good way to start . Only drawback is someslowdown and the story is a bit slow moving . Recommended , but do n't expect it to be Shining Force III : - -RRB-
 I loved the game it has a lot of free moments and makes fighting fun
 The graphics are solid and the gameplay is just right with a nice storyline package . If your a fan of the series this is a must addition to your shining force experience = -RRB-
 Shining Force Exa , is a good game . It 's a fun hack and slash rpg with fast fast slashing game play or fast magic casting gameplay . The story is n't amazing , but it 's fun to play through and see what 'll happen next . The voice acting is pretty good , and I could easily sit down for long periods of time and play through this game . I 'd say there is about 30hours of game play if you just concentrate on the main quest , and do n't worry about other side objectives or exploring the maps . If you do explore the maps and master your abilities and level up your geo-fortress all the way as you play then you 'll have a lot more content to do , and it 'll be worth your while.Overall not the best game ever , but a fun 30 hour + adventure that will be enjoyable for you to play through .
 Fast shipping and great service and the game is just awesome .
 I believe that this has to be the best book available on teaching the technique of espresso making and pouring.I am using it as a training guide for my employees at a cinema complexMany thanks to the authour and publishersRoy Smith
 This is a nice rumble pak , like many others out there . However , this one offers a memory card feature , as well as two vibration settings . If you tend to get knocked around a whole lot in the game , maybe you 'd like the first setting . If you want to really feel the kickback of your shotgun in another game , use the second setting .
 The Rocket Pack -LRB- which sellers often sell under this item -RRB- and this pak are both great ! They both have great rumble , and have memory built in so you can save money on memory cards . Do n't let some of the reviews for this item change your mind about buying from marketplace sellers . They usually list if it is a rocket pak or not in their descriptions , you just need to pay attention . However , both paks are great . They are also affordable , however I have had some problems with the memory not working on some occasions.Pros :1 -RRB- Nice color2 -RRB- Memory and Rumble combined3 -RRB- Affordable4 -RRB- 4 memory cards are built in5 -RRB- Rumble adds a nice effect when playing gamesCons :1 -RRB- Sellers selling rocket paks under this item2 -RRB- Memory does not work sometimes -LRB- in certain cards -RRB- 3 -RRB- Lower quality
 i think this mem \ rumble has a great memory along with a great rumble
 Flight Unlimited takes place in two airports somewhere in Vermont and somewhere in France . Your job in this game is to successfully test and fly these airplanes without crashing and safely landing them . The graphics should improve though . The water and land just looks like big pixels . If you are doing a flight simulator with no practice and trying for the real thing , you have a radar of the commander to aid you on your quest to successfully fly and land airplanes . You should get this game if you are big fan of planes . Flying and landing may sound boring , but just think how difficult it is to get over the mountains ...
 This game was 5 stars all day , but on the fun level only 1 . Because you do n't get to play , only watch , since the guns do all the shooting on their own . I always thought they needed an operator to pull their trigger , but they do have a mind of their own !!! As I was watching this game play itself , I noticed a few of my own guns sneaking out the door , as soon as they got outside they started shooting everyone by themselves ! It is true , guns kill people ! I finally installed a gun prison in my house , that way they can no longer escape and go on a rampage .
 First , let me say that I 'm glad I bought this . As I expected , kids have loved it . Even resistant child was drawn in and now can hardly be torn away . Lots of user control . My two kids and me can all play at same time , too . Has fun training mode . I especially love the ninja ropes . Now if I can just get good enough to swing across landscape like Spiderman ... Now , a couple of people here on Amazon and on other sites on the internet have n't been able to get it to run , so this is something I was worried about . My experience is for an XP machine and I was happy to see on CD case that XP was one of the systems it worked on . On first install , I did not select Direct X 6 , and the game , indeed , did not run , though I 'm not sure that 's the reason why . I had also not selected the patches option . So I de-installed the game and then re-installed , doing two things different
 I bought it for worms armageddon which is a great game and has endless replay value because of the online games . It is a very good buy .
 I Can honestly play this game for hours , some of funniest games of my childhood
 This is a very fun and addictive game . This is a turned based game and is easy to learn and play . Great fun for the whole family . My wife , child , and I play all the time .
 Love this game but it only works for windows xp and not windows7 ... It is a great entertainment for anyone and simple .
 Great game ! Worms is one of my favorite classic 90s games . The only game im having trouble playing is Armageddon , but it really does n't matter because I mainly bought the game for Worms 2 .
 This is one great game - the voices are hilarious , and I like it because there is no blood or gore . Just worms with hit points - a great game for both kids and adults .
 I got this for my girlfriend to play , and she liked them quite a bit . The interface is a bit odd , but navigable . Looks and plays well on her Windows XP 32-bit system .
 Two amazing games for the price of less than one . You really ca n't beat it .
 My family likes this game so much that we had to buy a second copy because we wore out the first . You get a team of worms and use different weapons to try to take out other teams . It 's a bit like Scorched Earth but has a lot of humor in it . The weapons include a holy hand grenade , sheep and banana bombs . The worms can have accents and say silly things as you are playing .
 I recently received Stronghold Legends as a gift . Since then , I 've really enjoyed this version of Stronghold . I 'm quite familiar with Stronghold 2 -LRB- the prior version of Stronghold -RRB- and found playing Legends to be an easy transition . The graphics are sharp , colorful , and realistic . The AI is reasonable , and the computer makes good decisions which have been quite challenging during the missions played so far . The game is set up where you can play online against other players , or you can play directly against the computer . If you choose the computer , initially , there are 2 routes
 since getting this game as a christmas gift , ive spent many hours playing it . i really dont have much experience with these types of games so i cant comment on how it stacks up against other games in the same genere . i can comment on how easy it was to get aquainted with the functions of the game . the tutorial mode really helps .
 Ok . I dont have this game for the PC but when i was a kid i had this game for my PS1 . If this is like the version for the PS1 then it is SO MUCH FUN . I used to spend hours upon hours playing this game on my PS1.I would totally reccomend buying this game.Also , if you have a PS2 or PS3 i would reccomend to buy the PS1 version of this game . I dont think it is sold new anymore so as far as i know the only place you can buy it is on EBAY .
 This is a great game . Its aimed at the kid in all of us adults , not just for kids ! Very clever and witty - not a cutesy game . So much like real life - you go to college or get a job - you pick a career , get married ; sometimes you have kids -LRB- or not -RRB- ! . . has many ` paths ' one can choose along the journey ... and its a fun one . It was well-worth the ten bucks I spent on it !
 THE GAME OF LIFEI found this product brought back memories of playing the gameboard version.I like the original version , but I really like the enhanced version.I would recommend this product to anyone who loved the game of life gameboard .
 Me and my mother were poor and home-less as living in shelters , our station wagon , motels , etc , most our entire lives ... Mother worked 2-3 jobs 24/7 . , and we did n't have much too our names ... -LSB- `` Volunteers of America '' -RSB- . , who mother worked for part-time as a secondary job
 This game is great to play with kids . Game play is fast so no one is left sitting to wait too long and the graphics can be skipped altogether for really impatient ones . There are two modes to play in to keep things interesting . There are drawbacks though . Playing more than twice or three times gets repetitive and my kids lose interest in seeing the same things over and over . I also wish there were different options as far as scenery or things to buy with the money you earn . Most of the times you end up at the end of the game with loads of cash and nothing to spend it on .
 Our kids are 6 and 8 and I still love playing this with them ! It 's slow as you like , no timer , so relax and enjoy!If ANYONE has n't grown up with the board game it takes you thru life . First you decide if you want college , then you spin & get your career . No one really wins or loses but you end up in a mansion or less lavish but you might have a great job and lots of kids while the winner has no kids just more cash!Either way it 's fun for all .
 We enjoyed the video graphics and all of the scenarios . Age of the player did not matter it was just a few clicks , choices and chances and you were on your way to Retirement . Length of play was not incredibly long even with four players . Ca n't go wrong with this purchase .
 I ordered this for my grand daughter for Christmas . It arrived in plenty of time . Everything was excellent EXCEPT I wanted the board game not the CD . Soooo for us novis computer people ... it wase n't very clear what I was buying . My daughter wont send it back , so my poor little grand daughter got notin for xmas .
 I am sorry for this late review but I 've been working with puzzles to bring back my mind 's clarity and memory banks ... thanks for one of the blocks that helped ! Since I have used this to bring clarity to my mind I have written a book for children calledMandy The Alpha Dog
 First of all , it 's very important to note that there are at least two separate models of the wired `` MicroCon '' for the PS2 . If you look at the pictures available on this page both of the two I 'm familiar with are shown separately . The first one -LRB- the one shown in blue -RRB- was n't as good for me and I use the second one -LRB- shown in black . -RRB- The only problem I ever had with it is that the analog sticks have hard plastic tops that are concave rather than the usual convex shape with rubber . I added a bit of hot glue to the tops and problem solved . -LRB- Also , another modification that I do to all controllers is to open them up and remove the motors . The force feedback really is n't all that great anyway , but this makes them considerably lighter and more comfortable to hold IMO . -RRB- The smaller size and shape makes this much more comfortable to those who have smaller hands . I find the buttons to be laid out just right and the rubber grips on the side definitely make it easier and more comfortable to actually hold . Even the top buttons seemed to be placed just right to me.In short , it 's just right for hands that are n't huge -LRB- and by this I still mean some adults , not just children -RRB- but only buy one if you meet that criteria .
 I originally purchased a microcon control when they were first introduced . The smaller size fits easily into your hands , and is great for younger players . The smaller size also helps with button mashing in fast paced games . I recently purchased a second one after dopping the first one and breaking the left analog stick . Up until that point I had encountered no problems with the controler after owning it for more than a year . Awesome controller .
 This controller is small enough that it fits into everyones hands . I play xbox in the shop and everyone that has used this controller keeps asking for it . I always use it when I play Halo and I do way better than when I play with a normal controller .
 This is definitely worth the extra money to buy over a regular memory card . The extra memory is great for game saves that are usually supposed to take up an entire card !
 Great deal for the $ . Size of a rumble pak , but does more than that . Great for storing games , just great overall !
 My daughter absolutely LOVED it . She played as soon as she got it . It is not only fun but challenging . The company we got it from was very quick in sending it to us - I strongly recommend them in the future ...
 It is a challeging game . So if your under 6 then you better not get one . I already finished the whole game but it 's so fun I 'm going to start it all over again ! I have ` nt played any of my other games yet.Raven has to get to the fashion show on time . The popular kids and the football team all try to stop her every step of the way .
 Okay to get tickets to the concert you have to go in the ticket store . when u go inside there will be two signs . go to the second sign it is a yellowish color . stand by it and jump this will make u hang on it . press the up button to stand on the top of it.there will be something hanging on the celing jump on it.then jump to the next one and stand on it.now jump on the wooden floor like object above it . jump down onto the other hANGING OBJECT . then to the next and so on now carefully jump on the floor . u have goten around the line ! go to the blue machine and press the b button . go to the agent quickly to get the tickets . i hope i helped u bye . if anyone else needs help let me know and i will try to help . i can help with thats so raven two sims 2 gameboy . and lizzie mcguire 2 gameboy
 I love this game.The way she changed disguises along with the situation is so cool.Plus you can throw pies at enemies and stun them.I 'm stuck on the zoo level right now though.All I need to do is get the tickets back from the monkey . .
 I did ` nt buy the game but I 'm planning to depite what the 12 year old said . I do n't think the weight of Raven is the point . If you do n't like Raven that 's fine with me but you ca n't change my opinion and I think Raven is GREAT !!!!
 That 's So Raven 2 Supernatural Style is a REALLY good game . I would recommend it to all my friends and family , and anyone who is a fan of the show . My friend Kylie keeps asking me if she can borrow it because she loves it so much !!!
 Ok I have this game and its fun but the graphics arnt that great . I am stuck in the mall . I have purchased the ticket for the concert but I can not find a way to get to the floor with the vision peice any pointers , please ?
 Was looking for something more female friendly for a fourteen year old girl to play on her Game Boy . Have not heard a lot about her experiences with the game .
 This game is so much fun ! Its very challenging and great ! The other girl who posted , why are you talking about Raven 's weight and yours ? -LRB- not that your possibly 60 pounds -RRB- That doesnt have to do with the game . But overall this game is great ! An absolute buy !
 I got this game a few days ago , and I have been playing it all the time ! This game is hard , but really really fun ~ I won already , but I started it over ! LOLGreat for older kids , who love the show ! ***** FIVE STARS !
 I loved this game !!! I thought it was very good , plus challenging . I did n't expect it to be very exciting , but the levels were all very challenging and fun . There was n't one part in the game in which I was bored . This game is much better than the Harry Potter , Incredibles , and Chicken Little games . This is the best !! I recommend this game for ages 10-15 . I hope you buy this game .
 My 4 year old daughter and I love this game . But we have been stuck in the zoo level 1 since Christmas . Someone please help . We can only locate 3 vision pieces and we havent gotten the tickets from the monkey either.Thanks
 I love this game and could n't wait to get it but I ca n't find a way to get the tickets to the concert . And I also want to say that this game is for both girls AND boys !!! It 's not just about fashion shows there are plenty of other things going on while playing this game to make it fun for both .
 I love this game ! There are a couple of tricky parts but there are little clues to help you thru it . THis is my favorite game so far . You can turn Raven into a cheerleader to beat bullies ! She walks funny .
 I love this game . It 's a lot of fun . I need help though on the zoo level . I need one more vision piece and I need to get the ticket from the monkey ! PLEASE HELP !!!!
 I beat it and the ending is the best ! Its not even boring repeating it again . I agree with the other kid who posted . People CAN call you names , if you even are that small .
 that so raven has done it again ! that so raven 2 is so much better than 1 . it has 20 challenging games with diffrent levels and activities . kids 10 and up will find it challenging and fun while kids under 9 find it impossible to beat but they will still take enjoyment out of it . it took me 2 weeks to finish it and after that i kept on playing over and over again . my brother likes that so raven and he loves this game . his 8 and im 12 so age really dosnt count . this is a cool game that has no swearing or bad words ! it will connect to a ds because my cousin has a ds and this ! the graphics are beyond cool . they are not bad one bit . i wouldn say this a PERFECT GAME . because there is no such thing but this is at the top of GBA games . oh yah , i just want to say to the kid who said she is 60 pounds which is impossible because then people will call you a stick so there is a name people can call you and i just want to say DONT care about her weight because everyones diffrent and you should just enjoy the show and game .
 This game is the best out of the three games . I LOVE that you can play with ron , kim and rufus ! I love the game but the only thing I really do n't like is that you have to buy TWO games to play with someone else . I had to do that with my sister and that was ok but then I had to spend more money . I 'm 12 and I think this game is the bomb though , some parts were a little tricky at first , but then when you play that part over you get the hang of it . Kids under 8 should n't play it with out help because my couisn is 8 and always asks me for help of understanding how to do stuff . So this gaame is sooo recomended by me ! you should totally buy it ! it 's worth your money !
 This game is better than the 2nd and definitely the 1st edition . You can play as Kim , Ron , and even Rufus ! You also get more gadgets like the boomerang comb , the hot sauce , and really cool karate moves for Ron . If you liked the 1st and the 2nd edititon , you are definitely gon na like this one !
 This game is even more jam packed fun than the second one . In this game , you can play Kim , Rufus , and even Ron ! This game even has multiplayer mode ! You can also unlock speacial mini-games feauring Rufus ! As you play this game , you can collect 6 new gadgets . If you want a fun but slightly easy game , then this is the perfect game for you !
 I bought this game as a gift for my nine year old daughters birthday . She already had the KimPossible 2 game . Which she liked very much . She has spent a good deal of time playing this new game already . She likes it even more than 2 because you can play as either kim possible or ron !
 really fun and easy to play for 5-8 year olds . . all three of mine love this one . .
 Desperate to keep my Nintendo DS alive and afloat on the endless open seas of awfully whack and lame `` girly shopping/cooking/dating / pet raising '' ds games , I took a chance on this game because I fondly remember watching this show with my daughters when they were little . Plus , it only cost like only a dollar to buy.And you know what ? . . I really dig it!It 's a cool little game that 's faithful to the KIM POSSIBLE cartoon show that it 's based on!The controls are simple and the animation is pretty tight . Besides , I love `` platformers '' video games . . You know , games where you hop around , beat bad guys , and collect stuff ... I just wish that there were more fun adventure games like this one on the ds and 3ds systems .
 for Christmas and she is still playing this game ... she can choose either Ron or Kim and she especially likes when you need both of them on a mission , cause they help each other out to get to the next level ... she also loves the dragons
 For some , this game may not do the trick , but I found myself immersed in the Civil War . The graphics are n't cutting edge , and the gameplay is so-so , but , if you like history , and always wanted to know what it felt like to tramp through Civil War America as a grunt , this is your chance . I loved shooting the old guns . They take a long time to load , but then so do your opponents as you watch them struggle with their ramrod to get off a shot at you.The only problem I had is that there were not enough levels . I played through the whole game in less than 8 hours -LRB- not all at once -RRB- . The path you take is very linear , and you do n't have many choices , but what soldier does ? Just `` follow me . `` If you have to have the latest greatest thrills , do n't bother , but if you like history and want to be a civil war ground-pounder for a while , go for it .
 greatest civil war shooter ever and it does have replay value and hidden secrets to find!it puts u right in the middle of all the action and grfics are amazingvoice acting could use improvement
 My 5 year old daughter absolutely adores this game . There are few Gameboy Advance games available out there for young girls so I purchased this as soon as it was released . My daughter has been playing with this game since she received it back in October . She has since ` beaten ' the game playing as Cinderella but she still continues to play it again and again . It has certainly held her interest even after so many months of owning it.The gameplay basically revolves around Cinderella and her friends as she goes through various ` challenges ' in order to move to the next level . This includes jumping over obstacles , feeding horses , watering plants and looking for keys . In the end , Cinderella realizes her ` happy ending ' as she dances with Prince Charming . It follows the general plot of the film and also introduces characters from the movie.I have played the game only briefly so my daughter is the final judge when it comes to the entertainment value of this game . If she likes it and sustains her interest , then it is good enough for me . And on a side note , we did not have any problems maneuvering around the game or getting Cinderella to move around.If you are looking for other great GBA games for girls , I would also recommend `` Barbie
 My five year old grandaughter loves this game for her gameboy . It is so entertaining
 I bought this for my 8 year old on her birthday and she plays it all the time even though she has already solved the game .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter-she found it a bit challenging but was able to do most of it , and has not conquered it yet . She has had the game for a month and has fun playing it . My 7 1/2 year old was able to conquer the game in just a few hours of playing it .
 I bought this game for my granddaughter and she just loves playing it . She says she gets to be different characters . She likes to be cinderella.she has no problems playing the game or controlling the characters . All I know is that she said that it is FUN and she Loves playing it .
 I bought this for my 7 year old daughter . She played it for a week and a half until she mastered the game . It was challenging for her and sometimes challenging for me . She has really enjoyed it.In between each level , a clip of the Cinderella movie plays to show what needs to be done in the next level.I think this was a good investment for my daughter .
 In Laser Blast , you pilot a space ship and attack tanks on the ground . Think of it like a reverse Space Invaders . The most notable feature is the laser attacks themselves . These are an instantaneous solid line ; once fired , they either hit or miss immediately.Enemy tanks use a sort of radar to track your space ship . When you fly low , they seem to have more difficulty tracing you . However as the levels progress your minimum altitude increases , making your shots harder and their shots easier . Play speed also increases to add further difficulty.Laser Blast is like a knife fight in a telephone booth
 This game is just as fun as the first 2 lizzie is great and she is a great role model its all about having fun !!
 When I heard this game was coming out , I looked it up on the internet and seeing how neat it seemed , bought it . In the whole sceme of things , it 's not so difficult but the first time you play it , it 's kind of confusing . Each stage has ten micro games with a dance off at the end of the stage . A few of the 100 micro games are hard and some are unbelieveably simple . Some are obvious and you know exactly what to do , while others take a while and lots of thinking to figure out . Of course , the instruction booklet does not have directions for every game , so you have to figure them out . The longest micro game is ten seconds and the shortest one is a second . Yes , one second . See for yourself if you get the game . I am not wrong , and although it may sound stupid and unreal , it 's true . After all , there is a reason why the games are called micro games !! -LRB- Get a hint ! There is a reason why there are 100 !! -RRB- The dance offs at the end of each stage are a bit tricky at first , but again , it all just takes a little getting used to . You start each new game with three chances . Chances are lost if you lose a micro game . When all your chances are gone , the game ends . You can earn more chances by purchasing tokens , which are earned by winning a micro game , winning a dance-off , and at the end of each stage . With the trial mode , you can see how long you can play micro games with only 3 chances and you are not allowed to use cards . This game takes about a half hour to complete -LRB- 45 minutes sometimes -RRB- and I would not recommend it for long car rides . However , it does have replayability , meaning you can always earn tokens , purchase cards , and get new high scores . Over all , I think this is a cool game , I would not recommend it for advanced GBA player , rather , as a first GBA game .
 This game is so awesome !! I got it for my birthday and have been enjoying it ever since . It has ten big games each with ten micro games that you earn . -LRB- 100 micro games in all -RRB- It 's so fun to move Lizzie around and I like playing all the games . I would recommend this game for long car rides . Also , you have to have quick reflexes so this game is great for all you people out there who like a challenge . It also has good music and sound effects and when Lizzie enters the dance compition with Kate Sanders , the game gets really exciting . So , if you do n't know if you should get this game or not or whether you are looking for a new gameboy game , you should buy this game because you wo n't regret it afterwards .
 i have lizzie mcguire 1 and 2 but the third is the best . so many games -LRB- 10 -RRB- and also micros -LRB- worth 100 -RRB- its way better , easier . i was simply stuck on the other lizzie mcguire games . this one is a keeper though !
 Great game . Just what my daughter wanted . She plays it on her Nintendo DS and it is just fine . Lots of mini games to play .
 I 'm not a big video game person , though due to my `` geeky '' appearance , most people assume I am.I do have a game boy , however , and I only wanted it because I 'm a big fan of `` girly '' things and only wanted the game system so I could play the various Mary-Kate and Ashley video games that were on the market . -LRB- Can you believe the game I wanted most was called `` Girls Night Out '' ? -RRB- I 'm always on the look out for games like this . They 're not for hardcore gamers , but they 're good ways to pass the time . Which is why I LOVE this game.This game has ADD . Each ` microgame ' lasts only a few seconds . Which is cool , because the fast pace keeps you interested , but at the same time you can easily get through most of the games absentmindedly . They 're so simple , but entertaining for fans of the show.One of the cons is that the games DO NOT have instructions , so sometimes you 're clueless as to what to do . But that 's another thing that keeps this game interesting - trying to figure out what in the heck to do ! : P
 My daughter absolutely LOVED it . She played as soon as she got it . The company we got it from was very quick in sending it to us - I strongly recommend them in the future ...
 This is one of the best games I have ever played ! The graphics and gameplay are stunning , it makes you really feel like you are out there . The only bad thing about this game is that it has high system requrements . Other than that , it really tests your strategy skills and your accuracy . It would be a mistake not to get this game , just make sure your system can handle it .
 Battlezone II may be an older game , but it 's still one of the better games that I 've played . A mixture of FPS -LRB- first person shooter , not frames per second -RRB- and RTS -LRB- real time strategy -RRB- , this game can be addicting in both ways.The story of the single player mode is very good , and the game allows you to make decisions that add re playability to the game.While the multi player mode only supports up to four players , it 's still highly enjoyable . The tactical options are endless , and the thrill of seeing and defeating your human opponent 's personally crafted defenses is highly rewarding.The game is slightly older , so the graphics are n't pushing the current technology , but the game is so good that it more than makes up for anything that technology could n't do at the time it came out .
 It 's an old game from 98 ' but always fun to play because the fight is never always the same . One of those cool rainy day games.Also , you can be the bad guy or team if you feel like being the evil doer . Create your own episode or join a campaign . You cancreate multiple vehicles if you want to bum rush your apponent mob deep , or take them on single handed or just a few vehicles.Very space age and futuristic fun . And the vehicles , which you can leave the one your in for another one that is on your team , are all fun and exciting to drive . Also , there is multiplayer where the game experience changes in a fun way . You and your friendscan play capture the flag or attack each other in a time setting to see who can destroy each other as many times as possible . Inmultiplayer , you can also select to battle on different planets such as pluto , mars , and even saturn to name a few . Also the weaponschange to your choice of chemical warfare to rockets , cannons , and a vast array of others . There 's also cheat codes . If youpress control alt and the button on the left of the number one and under the escape button , in that order , you 'll get a dropdown screen . Type : gamecheat . bzradar and then press Enter . Do the same for the following : . tnt . body . view . free Notice the space after you type gamecheat and the dot . If you do n't do this , it wo n't except it.To get out of the drop screen , press control , alt and the button next to the one and below your escape key . I highly recommend the codesto really enjoy the game experience and to stay alive until you get to know the game and what you are doing . Otherwise it can be frustrating .
 Phife delivered , a bit slow , but that was n't sellers fault . The used Battlezone 2 CD is in great condition and I 've already downloaded two free MODS plus the XP-Win7 BZ2 update which includes dozens of online multiplayer planet maps . GTG , it 's Sci-Fi hovercrafting gametime !
 Before i buy this game , I just have a quick question , will this game be working in the Windows 7 System ?
 Over a decade old , Battlezone II was made to run on either Windows 95 or 98 . The graphics , however , rival those of 2009 games . Differing skies per map , Atmospheric blurring , distance haze , and realistic explosions to name a few . Graphics aside , you can play this First Person Shooter as a sniper if you 're good , drive nearly any of the vehicles with a FPS or fly-behind camera angle , or get in a command center and play a RTS . So versatile . So amazing . And nobody plays it ... why ?
 Perhaps one of the best real time war games ever ! Bought a copy for my brother so we could go head to head , hours of fun !
 This game is one of the best out there as far as graphics are concerned . With real voices and great graphics , gameplay is one of the best of its kind . I would suggest this to anyone who has a 3D Graphics card , it will definitely make the experience a lot better .
 Having played the original Battlezone , I can understand why players of the first game are so critical . The original was the very first of its kind , it successfully combined first-person shooters with real-time strategy.The first problem I encountered was a poorly written manual - only one-third discusses how the vehicles and buildings actually work . Once you can figure out how to play the game , BZ2 is a blast.What makes BZ2 better than BZ1 ? - You can enter buildings like the Recycler and Factory , and alter weapons loadouts . This is useful if you want all your tanks to have SP-Stabbers , or your turrets to have Lasers , for instance . - It 's much easier to build Gun towers now . Instead of being near a power station , they must be adjacent to a relay bunker . You can also use the relay bunker 's console to access a top-down view of the battlefield . This means you can ` hop ' gradually towards an enemy base , building relay bunkers and gun towers as you go . - The graphics are better than the original . Unfortunately they do require a very powerful computer . I have a Pentium II 266MHz , with 128Mb RAM , a 16MB Viper V770 videocard and a Monster Sound MX300 soundcard - and I have to play the game with all the graphics options turned off.The disadvantages ? - Pandemic has re-written the original story . In the first game , it was the Russians that created the Furies , not the US . - EXTREMELY poor AI . It 's possible for your units to be destroyed by friendly fire . Perhaps Pandemic should 've cut and pasted the AI routines from the first game . Advice for new players - NEVER put any of your vehicles in front of a gun tower ! - The bland music soundtrack . The original game 's music was quiet and tense . It added an atmosphere of excitement to the game . The new game 's music ocassionally excites , but most of the time does n't . In summary , I wish Pandemic had spent more time tightening the code . The AI routines are poor , and I feel more effort should 've been put into making sure Battlezone 2 runs on low-end computers -LRB- like mine -RRB- . Other than that , it 's a very good game . But I do n't believe it exceeds or meets the standards of the original game . Perhaps the third time will be the charm ?
 In the newsgroups and on some game magazine I read reviews that criticize the game . The bottom line of these people is that the game , compared to the predecessor ` Battlezone ' is cheesy . Well , I do n't know about Battlezone I becuase I never played it . This game though , is still very good . It 's based on a very cool idea
 Anyone who states that this game has been ruined is doing crack . I 'm even buying a second copy for my friend so I can play against a human instead of AI.Reasons it 's better than BZ1 : - Better AI . The units seem smarter and they get out of your way most of the time . There is less bumping around . - You do n't get killed if you walk into a tank . - The unit grouping is SO much easier than before . In fact , I 've never seen it successfully work in BZ1 . - Sniping is harder to do and you ca n't snipe everything . Pretty much just the hovercraft . Not tanks or slow-moving stuff . - Resources are more plentiful so you can worry more about fighting and defending . - You can cue up guys so you do n't have to go back to your factories every time you want to make another guy . - You can have WAY more units than before . I think it used to be 10 mobile guys and 10 turrets . This time you can have a total of 100 guys !! - Graphics are way better , although you need a powerful PC and video card to utilize it . - Repair trucks so you can repair guys and re-ammo guys out in the field . They also are pretty smart about automatically fixing guys . No need for the armory method . - You can configure your factories to make vehicles with more powerful weaponry built-in so you do n't have the hassle of the manually doing it with armory ... which sukked . - The map mode is way useful . See your guys from above and tell them where to go and what to attack . You also get it early in the game . - 1 type of service pod instead of 2 . It replenishes health AND ammo at the same time . - Play a melee against the computer !!! BZ1 could n't even DO that ! - 2 very destinctively different races . The ones in BZ1 were pretty close to being the same.I 'm sure there is more , but I 'm running out of space . Get this game and play it with your friends . It 's very different from a normal RTS , but that 's what I like about it .
 Ok so the title of greatest game ever may sound like an exaggeration , but for me it 's not at all , I 've been playing this game now for 5 years or so and I 'm still not bored of it . I can understand some of the reviews here that state the game runs badly , it did to a certain extent when it was first released , unfortunately Activision were somewhat impatient in releasing this game and shoved it out of the door before it was really ready for release . Luckily for those of us that are still loyal to this game -LRB- and there are still quite a lot of us especially given the age of the game -RRB- it is continuing to be supported in an unofficial capacity by a couple of the game 's original devlopement team by the way of new patches , etc . Technically speaking this game is a vast improvement over it 's predecessor , the game is far more moddable which has without doubt added to it 's longevity , multiplayer is a lot more stable and it 's no longer possible to cheat in the way that totally destroyed Battlezone 1 as a multiplayer experience . Graphically this game is still superb , even now , giving some of the more recent titles a good run for their money . Only when compared with the latest crop of titles such as HL2 does this game start to show it 's age a little -LRB- and even then it 's only a little -RRB- . As a gaming experience nothing still compares to this , infact nothing else even comes close to this -LRB- except maybe the first Battlezone Game -RRB- . Battlezone 2 is a seamless blend of first person action and realtime strategy , allowing you to control your forces and build a base , etc. from right there on the battlefield in glorious first person perspective whilst simultaneously blowing the hell out of hoardes of alien attackers with the combat unit of your choice . You have a vast array of different vehicles at your disposal including fast and manoueverable hover tanks , to slow powerful tracked vehicles , flying bombers and APC 's , resource collection vehicles and construction rigs . Add to this 2 very distinctive races with their own technologies and weapons and vastly different strategies , and you have something really special that will take many a month to fully explore . The depth of this game is simply breathtaking whilst at the same time being easy to get into , a true marvel of innovative game design . Probably the weakest element of this game is the single player campaign , the storyline veers away from the original game slightly making continuity a bit dubious . The singleplayer campaign itself I found a bit easy to beat , but it still offers a lot of variety with a wide range of mission styles . The multiplayer is what seems to keep a lot of players coming back to this game time and time again , the team strategy is fast , furious and intensely addictive , there really is nothing quite like this out there anywhere at all . Since the game was first released there have been several significant updates which help to improve the overall quality of the Battlezone 2 experience . The first of these was the 1.1 patch which contained many critical fixes and support for win2k . After this came the unofficial 1.2 patch which included support for a multiplayer Co-op mode known as MPI , a range of balance tweaks and fixes for many errors . Finally we have the unofficial 1.3 patch which is still in production -LRB- there is a public beta available -RRB- which fixes many exploits and bugs found over the years and adds a whole raft of new options and even greater mod support . On top of all of this you also have community authored mods and expansions such as Forgotten Enemies which adds a whole new singleplayer campaign featuring over 20 new missions , 2 new races
 I noticed a previous reviewer said you really need a fast system to play BZ2 . Well I am playing on a 300mhz pent2 , 160 megs ram , Voodoo3 3000 , and with a 40kbs internet connection speed and it is smooth as silk with every feature turned up and using 800X600 res . He must have alot of stuff running in the background . Well enough of that . The single player game has great graphics and good strategy gameplay . I find the storyline a bit weak though . The multiplayer portion needs some work . Ping times are extremely high and it is hard to get into a low -LRB- sub 400 -RRB- ping room . They really need to fix that portion . While I am not quite as impressed as with the first , BZ2 is still a good game to keep you glued to your monitor for hours .
 ~ Firstoff , BZ2 , if you take the time to play it you 'll be emersed in alot of great stuff ! It took me bloody 2 years to get it to work and I finally got an ATI 7000 so it would . Thats how hard I wanted to play it ! ~ The BZ genre is based on mythology , and greek mythology , cant go wrong there :-RRB- ~ This Game is one of the hardest to find sometimes and I suggest getting it , its a good socializing place as well and the people in this community are very nice . ~ Uh if anyone did see my giving away for free post , it was a joke , nothing serious heh ...
 I have had this game since it was first released and still love it . It is the only game that I keep going back to . The gameplay is even more enhanced due to the community input with many maps and mods . For a budget game it 's a bargain . best regards Condor
 This game has/had the potential to be something amazing , but it falls short because of `` issues '' . For anyone who has ever played a multiplayer Strategy game of this successfully will be instantly hooked because it is so unique and entertaining . Activision -LRB- the publisher -RRB- forced this game out the door and Pandemic -LRB- the developer -RRB- did n't have the chance to finish and polish the game like it so badly needed . It is a diamond in the rough right now , hopefully Pandemic can patch it up so the game can be like it was originally intended .
 This is great game for action gamers and the visuals are amazing . The first few missions really help you get used to the controls and interface . I like it better than the first and its considered a classic . I would recomend it to anyone who like action , it would be a stretch to call it a sim or stategy game .
 I have played all the major computer golf games , and Jack 6 is by far the best . From the witty commentary of Gary McCord to the tremendous graphics . This game is meant for the avid golfer who wants a real life game experience but can not get away . Why this game hasnt attracted more attention is really a mystery .
 Excellent graphics , huge variety of shots and options and unlimited fun for every true golfer - that is really a five star program . It wo n't sell good , however , because kids -LRB- who mostly buy computer games or games are bought for them -RRB- do n't play a game if their adrenaline level is n't two inches from the roof and blood pressure well over 200 . But if you know the joy of a golf game and want to play it in your living room -LRB- without shooting the ball in the net in front of the wall -RRB- , you will love this game . It 's the best so far .
 This thing looks like a rumble pak , but its a lot more . It makes your regular N64 controller react to your movements . So you tilt and move and the controller makes those motions on the screen . I thought it was going to be stupid , until I tried it . It 's a must have .
 the shifter is cool and the e-brake does n't hurt . i had a V # racing wheel and i broke i think this is a etter quality iteam
 Do n't judge this Simulation by the version that you install `` out of the box '' , for this is just a fraction of it 's potential . Fighter Squadron really shines in one `` streak of genius '' , commonly known as
 Panned by critics from the beginning -LRB- I believe I read one good review -RRB- . Six years after its release in 1999 this sim still has a solid following . Parsoft has allowed controlled access to the code , so the sim with the patch only loosly resembles the original . People who bought it and put it down originally are always amazed at what has been done with this versitile software.Add ons include over 45 WWI planes , 150 WWII planes , Many of Germanys `` Secret Weapons '' planes and more!In 50 + years , I have never had a better return on my entertainment dollar .
 This is one of the BEST Flight Sims in my collection . I enjoy being able to design my own planes and the SDOE community is most helpful with any questions . I give it a 3 thumbs up !
 I just wanted to say , you can fly bombers .
 This game was released in 1998 and it uses the Quake II engine . However , unlike Quake II , Sin has a very fun and compelling single player campaign . The missions are set in a wide range of locations . You travel from a bank , to down in the sewers , through a subway system , to a dam , to a jungle , to a chemical plant to an underwater base , and more . Every mission feels distinct from the others , yet the progression from one location to another is smooth.Your choices on one mission can affect future missions , too . For example , during the introduction to the game , you 're flying on a helicopter shooting bad guys on the roof of a bank . If the helicopter takes considerable damage , it will land on the ground , and you 'll be starting the bank mission that way . If the helicopter is undamaged , it will land on the roof and you 'll start the bank mission from there.Sin has great audio . There is a lot of dialogue between the main character and headquarters . Some of it is quite funny . There is some profanity in the game , but it is n't overused like Kingpin.The environments look great , but the character models do not ... even when compared to other games that were released around the same time as Sin . They 're just way too blocky.One of the reasons many people did n't like this game were the bugs . The loading times were fixed with a patch , but there is still the problem where common movable objects like cupboard doors and the like cause damage to the player . Even ordinary wooden doors do this . It only takes away a few points of health though , so it is n't a real problem.I recommend this game to anyone who likes a lengthy first-person shooter with a fun single-player campaign . It has high re-playability , due to the various ways missions can take place . You could also get the expansion `` Wages of Sin '' . WOS is fun , but a bit too short .
 I played the game before and loved the story line and the graphics . I had to purchase it again since I lost my other orginal copy .
 1 . Profanity
 Ok , I am a major fan of PC games . I applaud the programmers on this one . This game is one of few that has a story line and is VERY realistic at the same time . When I first played , I got discouraged because all I had was a crowbar and I just kept dying from people with guns in the back alleys . I did n't realize how realistic the game was until I found out that I had to sneak places so I would n't get shot , or that I had to put away my crowbar because even if a friendly person saw me carrying it around , they would go after me . It is a game where you use a lot of common sence . Get information from hookers and drunk bums , find weapons , hire street gangs , kill other gangs and STEAL THEIR MONEY by ducking down and pressing the action button -LRB- instead of just walking on top of them to pick their pockets -RRB- , and use the money at various pawn shops to buy guns , grenades , bullets , health , armor , etc. . . You even get to tell your gang what to do and who to kill . Once you learn all of this stuff , its not as hard as you think when you first start out . Best game ever .
 Kingpin
 I thought it was a terrific game , who cares about the violence and/or language , if anything , it 's realistic , how could you be so naive to think that this does n't go on around the world , I think we needed a game this realistic , there 's a reason that they put the ratings on games , to warn you , why buy it and complain about what it warned you about !!
 Kingpin
 Way back in 1999 , long before the days of Grand Theft Auto , Kingpin assumed the mantle of the most controversial game out there , raising the ire of censor-trigger-happy panty-waists everywhere with its combination of graphic violence and even more graphic language . Kingpin is basically the Andrew Dice Clay of computer games , lacing every line of character dialogue with profanity . News flash to all the haters there
 I only have the demo and I really want 2 buy the game the game is the best fps out there I think the language rulez and the violent content WHOA !!!!! the whole game just BLEW ME AWAY thwe graphics are incredibal I give it a 5/5 its that -LSB- ... -RSB- good
 I preordered this game and got it when it first came out . The vulgar language , a first in PC games , and the provocation by the A/I characters when your character came on a scene without a weapon drawn was hilarious . The graphics were very good with much violence and gore . Player and A/I character interaction pertained to nothing but hiring a gang member , a direct fight to the death or provocation by the A/I character before a fight . Speaking to an A/I character gave an indication of the level of hostility toward the player . More player , A/I interaction could have been added with more of a variety of phrases thrown in . More than phrases such as `` What the F *** you doin back here . '' , `` F *** in , Piece of S *** . '' or `` Got some money . Let 's go '' . For its time , this was a very good effort , humorous . Not for kids . What does Xatrix have coming out next ? I will probably buy it .
 I purchased this game when it came out new , then again as something to pass around on deployment . The multiplayer is awesome with some great support sites to download new content from . TThe single-player mission is also fun even though the graphics are clearly dated . On the plus side
 Can anyone tell me if this game works on Windows/XP . E-mail at
 This is a great first person shooter , one of the classics . Although it 's obviously dated in terms of graphics and performance , its still fun to play . Some of the objects are tough to find . It took a long time to get the battery for the motorcycle . Once you get into the game , it moves right along . It does get tedious waitng for the next segment to come up as you enter a long hallway or door , but you can tolerate it . Its a very satisfying game to play when you are in a bad mood at the end of a tough day .
 Graphically beautiful Kingpin is set in a parallel world where prohibition never ended and the ` gangstas ' took control the country . In this hideous industrialised world people will happily kill you merely for looking at their girl . Kingpin 's character animation is state of the art , with each character displaying a complete set of ` streetwise ' body language and an attitude to match . One glaring omission is the lack of character lip synching done so well in Half Life . The backgrounds well drawn and are suitably dark and brooding , this is not a happy place.You wo n't last long unless you 're well tooled up . The weapons are meaty and well balanced , especially impressive are the flame effects when using the flame thrower.On the down side women are mostly portrayed in a sordid way they are almost always hookers or b * tches . Another bad point is that in this game every second word is a swear word . I fact if you removed the word ` mother ' from the game most people would have minimal amounts to say.The game is unbelievably violent and makes other first person shooters seem like an episode of the Muppet Show by comparison . You have the ability to blow off heads , arms , legs and reduce opponents to a pile of gibbed puree . You 'll need a strong stomach to play this game , definitely not for the under 13s . On the whole a good game for adults , let down by the later levels which start to be come less interesting and a bit repetitive . Not really in the same league as Half life but then again what is ?
 whats not to love ? Blood ... swearing ... dismemberment ! no other game comes as close to reality in a graphic sense ... and no other game comes nearly as close to the amount of fun ! ... Like rainbow six ... like half life ... like quake ? this game makes them all look like PONG !
 I only recently discovered this game and it is a lot of fun - graphics are OK and you get great framerates.Higly recommended .
 YO its the best damn game i have ever played its really good n all i need now are just a few people to find n play online with any1 outhere wiling to play ?
 OK , i bought this game thinking that it would be dumb , and after i played it for a while it became , a lot of fun , so yes i do recommend this game !!!!!!!!
 for those who cant tell , these analog stick are about the size of a dime and tend to fall off when u take it in and out of your pocket . but other than that its a great product for a cheap price
 Much easier to use than the `` stock '' analog stick , but after removing the old stick , this one seems to jiggle around a bit on the stalk . Do n't want to glue it down , and it has n't popped off or anything , so I suppose it could be fine that way .
 Product is new and in excellent condition . Received the PSP Analog Stick in a timely manner . Thank you .
 These analog sticks make games that require it a lot easier to play , because the short stubby thing that comes with the PSP just isnt good enough . My only problem is that it might not fit with your PSP case , i know , because i have a logitech case , and it doesnt close all the way . But the analog stick is worth it .
 These are good to have on hand-If you have n't already lost the original-you will eventually . The feel is very good and they work better then the one that came with the PSP .
 I recieved the product inside good packaging ; the same package inside the cardboard box is shown at the top of this page . I opened the product up , thinking how useless these analog sticks must be . I took the little piece of plastic off the PSP , replacing it with one of these . At first , I noticed absolutely no difference , and my thumb seemed to hurt from the material of the stick . Soon after , I got used to the material , and the product became more and more useful . These analog sticks are the same exact size , just 3 different colors . Great if you take one , and give the other two to a friend.All in all , this is a great product . If you 're looking for an advancement on the gameplay of the PSP , then I advise you get this product .
 The analog stick is beefier than the stock stick it came with . Has the same feel as a PS2 analog stick . Since the stick is a little bigger and higher , it may get in the way of the D-pad . This stick is a must if you suffer from repetitive stress injuries .
 What I received was not what I expected and arrived in a damaged box . However , it turned out ok and my son has used it with no complaint .
 When I first bought the game , I was a little skeptical . It was actually the first PC game I ever bought . The original edition was made around 2000-2001 . The gameplay is different from the newer pc games , because it 's more or less formatted like an `` old school '' video game.The controls are easy to navigate with your keyboard OR mouse , the movement is simple but amusing because of the comedic element , the missions are hard enough to get your attention but they are n't so hard to where you get frustrated . It 's challenging while entertaining.MACMILLAN Mob Rule Platinum -LRB- Windows -RRB- The sound effects are hilarious and the `` underlined sex , drugs and violence '' themes are totally intriguing while being hilarious . I laugh the whole time I play this game . When it first came out , I paid around $ 50 or $ 60 for it * if i 'm not mistaken * and I 'm about to buy it again , because I lost it in the last move I made.One of the BEST DISCONTINUED GAMES EVER!I LOVE IT !
 This game may not be the best graphically or have as many options as most games nowadays but this was one of the first games to change the micromanagement strategy of gold and wood which paved the way for newer ideas and thinking . This game has a somewhat steep learning curve but if yous tick with it you can become very good . Some game faults are that money carries over between levels , makes game very easy if you know about it but very hard if you do n't notice it , the oldness of the game means computers ca n't actually be smart and have better strategies they get resources even if they are not producing them and just get more on higher difficulty levels , this makes for hard play until you are more experienced and then makes for very simple play . No skirmish or online multiplayer but the price is so low that if you have the extra cash you should give this classic a try !
 The game is pretty fun , but you are never really allowed to just build an empire and play . The `` Boss '' always has very specific goals for you to reach and at times the game does n't recognize that the goal has been reached and you have to start completly over .
 best mob sim out wish it had part 2 come out but it is discountuned
 A must have for anyone who likes racing games . This game brings back memories of the old CART schedule and the venues they used to race at .
 By now we all know how much fun the Wii can be , especially when you have someone to play with . I needed an extra controller , but did n't need any of the bells and whistles that some of the third party units offer . Nintendo 's standard Wii controller is great and does a very good job with motion control . Nothing new or different here , just an extra person to play with .
 The wii controler works perfectly , I did not face any issues during configuration.An excellent product with a fair price .
 THE PRODUCT CAME FAST AN EVERYTHING A GREAT PRICE BUT THERE IS NO STRAP FOR THE REMOTE , THAT IS SOMETHING THAT YOU REALLY NEED THE STRAP I HAVE TO TRY TO GET ME ONE BUT EVERYTHING ELSE WAS GREAT
 We bought this a year ago and it still works . That more than what you can say about most cheap electronics you buy online !
 Received it promptly , but after about 2 months of on/off use , it just stopped lighting up . I called a very helpful Nintendo service dept who had me send it in for repair/replacement . Guess what ! They returned it claiming that it is a counterfeit . Please beware of these no-name resellers . I will try to get my money back , but I am definitely not holding my breath on this.Dec 2010 Update - Seller promptly sent me a genuine Nintendo remote once I sent back the counterfeit one .
 Not much to say except that it 's another Wiimote . Keep in mind that a free Wiimote comes with the Wii Sports Resort game , so if you 're interested in that game , that 's a better choice for getting an extra Wiimote . I tend to stick with official controllers for my game consoles , as I tend to be skeptical about the reliability of third-party controllers . Get some NiMH rechargeable batteries -LRB- e.g. Eneloop -RRB- and you 're good to go .
 The purchase of additional Nintendo Wii Remote controllers are the basic requirement for multi-player games . Strongly consider buying a pair of high-capacity NiMH rechargeable AA batteries along with each additional controller . The Nintendo Wii Remote consumes a lot of power because of the many functions it performs -- the Wii Remote serves as a motion controller , provides power to controller attachments , and generates sound and vibration effects . The included set of disposable alkaline batteries will last less than a couple of weeks for active players -LRB- six days in my case -RRB- . This compares to a battery life of a couple of months for the previous generation of Nintendo 's wireless controller -- the Nintendo Wavebird controller for the GameCube.Many games require the additional purchase of a controller attachment for multi-player mode -- the Wii Nunchuk Controller or Wii Classic Controller , both of which plug into the base of the Wii Remote . In multi-player mode , the Wii Nunchuk is used for two-handed Wii games , e.g. , Red Steel or the boxing game in Wii Sports.The Wii Classic Controller attachment is currently used to play games on the Wii Virtual Console . Held sideways , the Wii Remote can serve as a game controller for all current Sega Genesis , TurboGrafx 16 , and Nintendo -LRB- NES -RRB- Wii Virtual Console games . A Wii Classic Controller or Nintendo GameCube controller is required to play Super Nintendo -LRB- SNES -RRB- or Nintendo 64 virtual console games.You may want to purchase a Wii Classic Controller or Nintendo GameCube controller -LRB- this plugs directly into Wii Console itself -RRB- to play Virtual Console titles anyway . The Wii Remote is diminutive , and a Wii Classic Controller or GameCube controller both offer better handgrip and button placement . Of note , a Wii Classic controller can currently only be used for Wii Virtual Console games , while a GameCube controller can be used for Wii Virtual Console games and all Nintendo GameCube games.Each `` Wiimote '' has a nice touch of interactivity , holding up to 10 Mii avatars per remote . You can take your Mii character along with you to play games like Wii Sports on other Wii consoles by taking your Wii Remote along with you.The one improvement I would make to the Wii Remote Controller would be to add finger nubs . The Wiimote can get a little slippery during gameplay because of sweat . Third-party manufacturers offer latex rubber / silicone controller gloves that fit over the Wii Remote to improve hand grip . I find these gloves are more hassle than they are worth because they are time-consuming , both to put on and to peel back when changing the Wiimote 's batteries .
 The Wii Remote Controller is shaped like a standard TV remove , and has motion sensing ability . You wave it around , and your on-screen character waves their wand!This is n't an add-on controller - this is the actual , standard controller that most if not all games on the Nintendo Wii use as their primary control unit . There is also a `` nunchuck '' that can be used in your off hand , but many games do n't use the nunchuck.The aim of the Wii was to make gaming as simple and intuitive as possible for the casual non gamer . Pretty much every person with a TV is comfortable using a TV remote . You point , you click . The Wii Remote Controller works in the same fashion . The motion sensors know what you are doing with the remote . If you 're playing a baseball game , you swing at the ball . If you 're playing a bowling game , you bring your arm back and swing it forward . Everything `` makes sense '' . A sword swing ? A light saber battle ? Just move your arm and the character does the same thing.There are only two buttons that really matter . There 's an A button on the front that you push for most operations . There 's also a trigger underneath that is the B button . Depending on the game , they will have you use one or the other button . There are also a few other buttons for more complex gaming . There 's a D-pad . A `` home '' button lets you go instantly back to the main Wii menu if you 're tired of playing . There 's a plus and minus button , a 1 and 2 button . There 's even a power button . You do n't have to walk over to your Wii any more to turn it on or off . Just hit the power button on the remote and you 're all set.The remote runs on two AA batteries , so there 's no USB plugging in or charging up , as with the other systems ' remotes . You do get a wrist strap , though , so the Wii remote does n't fly out of your hands while you 're doing a super powerful golf swing.There 's even a speaker in the remote ! This is great if you 're playing a game against another player . Say I 'm boxing my boyfriend and I am the winner . * My * remote says that I triumphed , to me . Neat!I definitely love the Wii remote controller . It 's light , it 's super easy to use , it 's intuitive and I can just pop batteries into it when it runs out , instead of having to wait for a recharge . Highly recommended . Just note that if you want to play a game that needs a nunchuck as well , that you have to buy that separately .
 As fun as the Wii can be , it only gets better when you play head-to-head against family and friends . Since the standard Wii packaging only includes one controller , you will need to order a second device to experience the optimal level of game play.Holding the controller reminds me most of holding a fishing pole . The thumb and index finger control the most essential functions of the players , with extra buttons only really coming into play during mode selection screens . During live action , players do n't toggle between much more than two buttons.Batteries seem to be an issue for many people , but not me . I suggest you turn off the `` rumble feature '' for games -LRB- the controller vibrates or pulsates during dramatic moments in games -RRB- as a way to save battery use . I 've gotten about 30 hours out of each round of batteries on my Wii.Lastly , believe what people say about collateral damage with your Wii controller . I thought the stories of people breaking TVs , windows and fish tanks by accidentally losing grip of their controller during a strong tennis swing and sending a dangerous projectile through their living rooms were exaggerations . But it happened to me ... and it will happen to you .
 When I first saw the Wii remote I was very skeptical that Nintendo could pull such a thing off , then , after seeing all the hype and others who got a chance to use it say that it was easy and fun , I began to turn a new leaf . I must say that this controller is the best controller I have used in many years . The Wii remote is very sensitive which is great because all the games require a high sensitivity for then to be played to the best of their ability . I currently own Zelda Twilight Princess , Rayman Raving Rabbids , and Excite Truck , each are very unique in their own in which they use the Wii Remote and are great fun to use . They only problem I have is that I ca n't seem to find a place to buy a second one !
 The Wiimote -LRB- WII REMOTE -RRB- is a great item . Although , when you purchase a Wii , you receive 2 Panosonic Batteries -LRB- unrechargeable -RRB- . I played the Wii for 4 days . On the 4th day it had a small amount of power left . I recommend you buy rechargeable NiMH batteries , just so you wo n't have to keep buying , and buying batteries . This is from my experience.NY - Anish
 You can go right to the Nintendo website and buy the controllers at the MSRP . It took only 3 days for them to ship mine . Do n't pay a bunch extra to these foks trying to take advantage of a `` shortage ''
 Nintendo has really hit the mark with an innovative and fun approach to video games , and it all begins with this remote . Light , intuitive and keenly motion sensitive , my family has not put down the remote pair we received for Christmas yet ! I do worry about the strap issues -LRB- it slipped from my grip once already , but no snapping -RRB- and battery life is reported to be short , but I already own 6 rechargeable AA 's for digital cameras that might have to double as Wii batteries . The remote has worked well in all our titles -LRB- Sports , Zelda , Madden , Tony Hawk - our neighbors have Metal Slug , Red Steel and Excite Truck , more on them later -RRB- . I would like to see a nunchuck bundle though . All our relatives who have played -LRB- ages 7 to 70 -RRB- have found the Wii easy to use , and after only moments of instruction were all gleefully swatting tennis balls and bowling strikes together !
 This controller works better than I had antisipated . There are some bumps to work out between the controller signal fading out for reasons all its own and the small window that the senser bar will operate within . But this is still THE MOST FREAKING AWSOME WAY TO PLAY GAMES !!!
 Nintendo has done it again . The Wii Remote is the next generation of gaming . My mother even loves the Everybody Votes Channel . I have heard stories of people buying the Wii for their kids and themselves . This is a great family console aswell as a great party console . No longer will video game parties be for nerds . Everyone can have fun with the Wii and its fantastic remote .
 What else can one say about this little gizmo?This Wiimote has revolutionized the approach to gaming and has made gamers out of everyone ! Bravo!Imagine your grandparents up till 3AM playing a video game!I spent the weekend at the cottage with our WII and the bowling did n't end till around 3AM with our 60 something parents ! It is so easy to lose track of time . Neither of them really like video games before and both agreed -LRB- the next afternoon -RRB- that the wiimote was a hit.What will they think of next?Maybe some pedals for the racing games and a helmet for the war simulators ?
 I 'm so glad I ordered two ! I can not find them anywhere and this was the asking price at Walmart but I did n't have to pay shipping or taxes !!
 All the literature that arrived with this was in what appeared to be Japanese . No harm done but not what we expected.Good thing this was in addition to the one that came with the game we bought at Sams club earlier so we knew how to use it .
 What a great family game !! we have been playing Wii sports for 2 months now !!
 An awesome improvement in gaming . This remote really does up the ante and introduces a whole new level to video games . Awesome !
 Very happy with the product , it does exactly what it said it would do .
 We received this controller so fast - ordered on a Saturday and it arrived on Monday or Tuesday ! Totally awesome delivery and everything was perfect ! Very impressed !! Thank you !
 This remote can take a beating . When I first got mine , it went flying so many times and did n't even break . The detection is a little off still but with a update of firmware from nintendo on the wii , it so be great . The other down side is do not use rechargable batteries . The charge gets drained very fast and is also not recommended by nintendo .
 You almost need two remotes to enjoy the game with anybody . It 's too cumbersome to constantly transfer the remote from one person to another .
 I got this as my second wii remote . Its a must have if you got a Wii . If you have more than 2 kids in the house better get more . It works well and I have had no problems using it .
 Remote works great ... happy I purchased from Amazon ! Great price and free shipping with super saver !!
 The additional wand works great . You must syncronize the wand to the controller before you can use it . I finally had to read the instructions . After this it worked just fine !
 I think these things are way to expensive , but they sure are worth it . I love sitting back on my butt where ever and having a fun time without any restrictions .
 Hola !!! Gracias Amazon por acercarme este control . Con el puedo disfrutar a pleno las bondades de la consola Wii y jugar con mis hijos y amigos . Es el complemento que me faltaba para jugar de a dos.Gracias de nuevo !!!
 The controllers arrived on time and in good condition . They work just as they are supposed to .
 A second Wii controller is a perfect addition to Wii . Even simple games like bowling and tennis are much more enjoyable . My wife and I are able to actually play tennis against each other , and when bowling , we 're not endlessly handing the controller back and forth .
 The Wiimote is great - since there has been so much already published about it , this review is more of Amazon.com 's service . The product came quickly and in sealed condition - no problems . Thanks Amazon.com !
 we are having a lot of fun with this product . Having multiple remote controllers allows us to share our fun with friends and family .
 . Since the Wii system only comes with 2 sets of controllers -LRB- this one and 2 nunchuks -RRB- , it is imperative if you play multiplayer games . The games that come with the Wii playstation are a lot of fun , and not all need the 2 extra nunchuk controllers , but they do need these.The games are fantastic . These controllers work in the point and click mode . as well as the standard old-fashion Xbox controller mode.A game of four that is parents and children is a real bonding experience for the family , and it is very helpful that all players have their own equipment.We have had no problems with them .5 starsVictoria Tarrani
 Wii is fun . I am not a hardcore gamer and I like it . You need to buy extra controllers because the Wii is shipped with only one remote and one nunchuck.Multi-player gaming waayy better.Do not buy remote or nunchuck from amazon . They take forever to ship . Use the amazon site to find other vendors and buy from them.Enjoy .
 Bought a bluetooth dongle , wii remote and wii classic controller pro together to play emulators on my ipad , works like a charm .
 I bought this as a birthday present for my son . He had it on his wish list . It was just what he wanted !
 Looks good ! &#34; There is no fear where love exists . Rather , perfect love banishes fear , for fear involves punishment , and the person who lives in fear has not been perfected in love . &#34; 1 John 4:18
 this product is nice and good ...
 Wiimotes are great . They 're fun and very durable.While playing tennis with a friend , the Wiimote flew out of his hand at a very high speed and smashed into the wall . We thought for sure that it had shattered and exploded.It did n't . What we saw was th battery cover flying off and the batteries flying out . They were scattered far across the room , but the Wiimote did not crack and worked perfectly afterwards . We 're so glad he did n't hit my dad 's new tv.I 'd still recommend getting the free covers from nintendo.com
 Came with jacket and works fantastic ! A must so that you do n't have to share controllers .
 Great product absolutely need to have a pair of these , so anotherindividual can play and the experience can be shared .
 Wii has been the BEST video game that everyone in my family enjoys!Remotes are a must because my whole family is to enjoy the experience.I was impressed with the fact that simple remote can do so much!I have lost a lot of weight actually because have been played it over many weekends ...
 The Wii is fun and one of the only ways to get my kids active . The prices are outrageous however . There are seven in our family , the controls cost more than the game system !
 The Wii remote is , as people who have used it before an awesome piece of technology . It works as expected and is a really useful , almost necessary , accessory to your wii . I wish the price was cheaper but in the end , you ca n't really put a price on the fun it provides.It does consume batteries fairly quickly , but that is to be expected with such technology . If there is one thing Nintendo could do , it would be to distribute these with some sort of rechargeable battery -LRB- say like a mobile phone -RRB- .
 Great Deal !! I was looking all over pricing remotes and they are either out-of-stock or people on e-bay want way more they they are worth . I did have to wait a week , but the price plus shipping was well worth it ! Now we all can play !!
 I was impressed with the fact that simple remote can do so much ! I think it 's important for health resons because it gets your booty up from the couch and makes you move in order to play , hence why so many people say they have lost weight . I do agree with some people that the remote is a bit expensive and very hard to find . That 's why your best bet is to get the game `` Wii Play w / Remote '' it runs on 49.99 and comes with an interactive game -LRB- Similar to wii sports -RRB- compared to what you pay for a regular remote that is a combo for just one price . I was shocked because the remote came with a silicon cover and strap so no need to go look for those . All in all this is the very first video game console in history to use a remote . I love it all !! My wii did come with the remote but I needed a second player .
 My son loves his Wii and these extra controllers . My only complaint is that they are very expensive !
 dont be decieived by the cheap price but still great guy but tax to pay when arrives cost 6 tax for me
 Shipment was timely and fast , before it was expected but right on time for a birthday party !
 This is identical to the original form Nintendo . It comes with the grip and wrist strap and I have had no problems what so ever with this product .
 Works well , delivered quickly . Use the wrist strap - you 'll be glad you did .
 The product was as described . It works wonderful with Wii . We received the product a week earlier than I had expected . It was a very good shopping experience .
 It 's Something you need for the wii so you there 's not much you can do to review this . But this controller is what makes the wii different from other console 's and what makes this console so good . It makes game 's like tennis , golf and bowling so relistic and better than other console 's . The last point I will make is this is a must if you want to play with other people . Something to bare in mind is wii play gets a controller with it but not a amazing game . So in short a must have if you want to play other people , but does cost a bit , it would be nice to be cheaper .
 The product was delivered in a timely manner and was new as promised . A friend said for that price it would probably be a knock-off controller , but it is a Wii product . I bought two and they both work fine .
 Played Wii with friends and loved it.Bought one for husband for Father 's Day.It serves as our receiver for Netflixwhich we subscribed to after dropping ourexpensive Cable . It 's a `` two-fer '' - twobenefits in one ; fun game and video streamer !
 The Nintendo Wii only comes with 1 Wii Remote , so of course you have to buy at least a 2nd one -LRB- if not a 3rd and 4th one too -RRB- . This is the same Remote that comes with the console , and the rubber is included too .
 What can I say ? It 's a remote and it makes the wii function ! :o-RRB- I got a great price on Amazon though !! Totally worth it !
 Received my wiimote in mint condition in a timely fashion.Genuine Wii remote .
 I bought this as a replacement to a broken original Wii control . It worked perfectly right out of the box . Product was as described .
 I bought the rechargeable batteries to go with thisand it is wonderful . I love it for my Netflix as wellas WII .
 My sister and her husband just got a Wii and they needed an extra remote so I got my sister this as a birthday present she seems to love it .
 I ordered two of these remotes from Prime Ventures . The first set I received had a problem connecting to the console that would cause the game to hang in the middle of play . The seller responded almost instantly to my email inquiry about their return policy and sent out replacements right away . I was very impressed with their quick and courteous service.The remotes themselves work well , with one caveat
 I was looking for a Wii controller to replace the lost one we had , but could n't find a good deal anywhere locally . I did a quick search and found the best price on Amazon . The product arrived quick , and was in perfect working condition . Would buy again .
 I looked for this controller to play with family , we are 3 in the home.I did n`t expect so much fun , but I was wrong . Considering that with the same games ... now we have a different new interaction in family.The only problem
 Needed more wii controllers for the family but did n't want to buy brand new . These worked great and were half the price and looked brand new .
 When I first saw the remote for 10 dollars I thought this was too go to be true.So , I ordered it . A few days later , here it is.I opened it up and to my surprise it was just as advertised . In excellent condition and still in the box . I put the batteries in it and it works.Thank you so much . This is fantastic .
 Received this product in good condition and in a timely manner . Bought as an extra controller for Wii game purchased for my grandchildren to play when visiting . It works well and I would recommend it to others .
 About the Wii Remote Controller 's - they make great Replacements and/or , Add-on 's to increase the number of Wii players . I 'm not going to go extensively about the controller 's as others here have done a great job already , so I will just listed the HighLights.We happen to have both the Sony PSP3 , for the ` serious ' Video Gamers , and then we have the Wii Player for the Teen 's . The Teen 's and some adult 's feedback is that they just love playing the various Nintendo Wii Games , and they give High Mark 's to the Wii remote controller , with the attached Nunchuck 's . * Prices ca n't be beat as a Replacement & / or Add-on 's , -LRB- with Free Shipping -RRB- , compared to our local Wally World or Tar-jay stores . * Lightweight , only 7 ounces ! * White color , easy to locate , or you may add the silicone Color Skins to custom code the players . * Bluetooth Wireless technology - works up to 30 feet , but 10 to 15 Feet is the `` Sweet Spot '' . * Wireless technology means there are NO Cords to deal with . * Built-in speaker - gives you feedback about the strength of swings or the accuracy of their moves , as in when you play and win against an opponent ! * Caution - Be sure to ALWAYS wear the Wrist Strap , unless you want the controller stuck in the wall , speaker or TV ! * Rumble feature and a Good One ! * An expansion port for additional input devices , such as the Nunchuk controller * Runs on 2 AA batteries -LRB- cost co has the best deal -RRB- , eZ to replace , and has excellent battery life . * 1 year Hardware warranty * Very Good customer support * Thanks for stopping by !
 The best part about this is that it comes with the protective sleeve around it . -LRB- Hard to see in the picture because it 's clear . -RRB- Besides that , it 's a Wii remote . Need I say more ?
 works great with the Wii Game system ... looks and plays just like the one that came with the system ...
 The wii has been an entertaining and exhausting game package . now with everyone having their own controller there are other games we can now play that work with four players and four controllers and we will be even more exhausted . My order was processed fast shipped quickly and arrived fast safe and ready to go . I appreciate when I company gets me my purchases quickly with little fuss or delay . Thanks for a great product and great service too !
 The product came well packaged , and works perfectly . I would recommend anyone that is considering purchasing this product through Amazon should do so .
 I needed an extra remote for my wii . It is exactly like the one that came with my wii and works perfectly !
 Delighted to find some controllers . We got Band Hero for Christmas and needed a couple of additional controllers . EVERYONE is sold out ... except this company AND it was delivered to my front door . Piece of cake !
 Several of our friends recommened that we purchase a second remote when we purchased our Wii game system , and we 're glad we did . I heard stories from other friends about how they had to travel from store to store after Christmas and had trouble finding additional remotes . The remotes seem very durable .
 In the store the controller costs $ 39.99 . But on Amazon it was $ 35.99 . On Black Friday it was $ 34.99 . And with no shipping costs it was a great cost effective purchase to go with the Wii .
 The Wii game is great ! The more the merrier , so this is my 4th remote !
 We got these so we can have more players . It 's fun to play some of the games with 4 people !
 Great product at a great price . Could n't find it cheaper and with free shipping to boot !
 My three year old loves to play Wii with his older brother and has abused our controller -LRB- and the numchuk -RRB- without any problems . The controllers are easy to use and well constructed ! I especially love the rubber holder that surrounds the remote , makes it harder for my toddler to get to the battery compartment and makes it easier to hold for little hands .
 Ordered the second controller to go with the Wii I purchased for my grandchildren . I was please with the value , not to mention not having to search stores during the busy holiday season . The seller packaged the remote well and there was excellent communication . I would recomment this seller .
 My family is happy now , that we have two wii controllers . It is nice having the case with it . It is so much easier to handle with it .
 This free motion controls gave video games a whole new level . Awesome controls and lots of fun !
 This is the Nintendo brand remote and it 's $ 4.00 less than anywhere else . When you 're buying multiple remotes , the savings add up . With the free shipping , it 's a better deal than I can get locally and shipping was fast -LRB- even during the holidays -RRB- .
 We needed a few extra controllers in our house so there would n't be any fighting over who would play and when so this was a good purchase for us .
 The Wii Remote Controller is just about perfect and shows evidence of the great thought that went into developing it . It is laid out logically and easy to use .
 this product is fantastic , my family never has had so much fun with a game like this . the controls are easy to use and understand
 This like all my items in the past , have been in excellent order and exactly what expected .
 It arrived in good condition about when I expected it to , and it works well . Ca n't ask for much more than that .
 the wii remote is a goood concept , You never have to manually turn on the consol , You Just hit a button on top of the remote.But , I do n't know if it 's the battery or not , But , evrytime I Play a virtual consol game the remote freezes up right in themiddle of game play , So beware
 The product is what it is . I received the controller in 2 days !! amazing . . will recommend . Great price too !!
 WE did a hard incorrect approach to the sword paly game in Wii Resort and broke our remotes gyriscope . New remote works fine !
 Like the title says . Wanted it today , had to wait until tomorrow . It is fun to have four remotes for the Wii for Wii parties -LRB- better than karaoke . -RRB- 8 - -RRB-
 As a original component for Wii , that is surely the best option , for Wii players .
 I ordered two Wii remotes . They arrived and worked . Pretty straight forward . Now four people can play Mario Cart ...
 It 's a Wiimote . What more can be said ? If you need a replacement or another controller for more players , get it . Do n't mess with 3rd party controllers , they just are n't worth the saved money .
 My 1 year old discarded our old wiimote , we had to replace it . This one works .
 Not much to say , a very advance controller that gives a touch of reallity to most of the games .
 Great price for the Wii remote controller . Most stores charge full price on this so it was pretty nice finding a deal for less than full price . Works great and shipped quickly even with supersaver shipping . Great job by Amazon.com !
 This has allowed our family to truly enjoy playing together on our Wii . We each have our own controller now and it make for smoother play time and allows us all to compete together on certain games .
 We bought this Wii controller as an extra for the Wii ; it 's exactly as shown & the same as the one which came with the Wii . Good price , too .
 The controller works the same as the system which is just fine . It comes with the sleeve , too . The 5 stars is for Amazon 's great price which I could n't beat anywhere .
 Great product from a great company . Very good quality remote with ease of use . Would strongly recommend .
 This was bought along with the Nunchuck and works fine . Sill on the original batteries .
 Adding the extra remotes makes it so much easier for the family to play because we do n't need to keep passing the single one that we had to each other . Highly recommend making the investment
 Glad I got another controller . Now I can Wii with both hands , simulating a partner . . since my husband would rather sit behind a computer and POTATE , as in COUCH POTATE-O !!!!
 We have been using the Wii since Christmas . We decided we needed another controller for the multiple-player games . I ordered it on Amazon because it was less than the stores . The controllers have been working great .
 Good d e a l , s h i p p i n g and d e l i v e r y
 The quality of this Wii remote controller is the same as the original remote that comes with the Wii.Bought it as a second remote .
 Muchas gracias , por la informacion , los recomiendo por estar atentos a los compradores y por ende a como llegue la mercancia , gracias y espero la reposicion de la misma .
 for the reasons i bought this for it works like it should kids needed another remote for there Wii so we could play 4 player games
 high quality and the best price in town , for any family on a fixed income this was really great for us .
 This works exactly like it should . I was hoping the price would go down , as the generics on the market are a lot less expensive . But it works as it should , so what more could you ask for .
 Since I could n't play dbz bt3 at that time , I played Pokemon Battle Revolution with the Wiimote I got off Amazon and I have 3 words to say.THIS WORKED PERFECTLY!For hours , I was playing with a smile on my face . I was really happy with my deal . : -RRB-
 The product is excellent , very good quality and works perfectly . Comes with protective case and is a very affordable price.Excellent product at a great price .
 I bought this new controller as my original one was not being picked up by the sensor bar.I had looked in the stores and this was much cheaper and the same product . Now I am using it and it works fine .
 Great dual pack for the Wii Console . Worked perfect and still have them 4 years later ! They 're upgraded version , the WII PLUS remotes , obviously work better . But to start out , the Wii original remote , works wonderful !
 Nothing special , just the standard Wii remote with batteries and the jelly sleeve . Works well with our existing system and controllers .
 I needed another one , so I ordered it here . Oddly , it came it Korean packaging , but it works like a dream . There 's really nothing to complain about .
 I bought this to use with my iPad when I play Nintendo games . Works flawlessly . I would buy it again .
 it works well in my Wii . I 'm satisfied to have chosen Nintendo original controller . My son also like it very much . .
 Purchased for my nephew and he is very happy with it . His birthday was a success had many friens over using it
 The item was the same as advertised . The quality of the product was great as expected . I enjoy playing with it and I would recommend buying from this seller .
 I ca n't complain about this controller . It is everything that it says . Pretty basic , and works well . The price was right and you ca n't ask for anything more .
 Very good and the battery life is great . Works great and good value for the price . Very durable it has fallen a bunh of time and never broken
 It 's great to be able to play the Wii with multiple players . Seller was quick to ship ... no hassles !
 Awesome seller , received my product fast and I was very happy with it , will definitely buy from this seller again .
 exelente `` no entiendo -LRB- I do not understand -RRB- are you over 13 '' yes no
 I 've had a wonderful time and having this extra remote has been great for friends to come over and play too . The girls come over for a `` Wii '' night and I lost 5 lbs the first 2 weeks .
 The review apparently thinks a wiimote is a video game . :-P Anyway , it was still in the original packaging and works fine as expected .
 The Wii is just more fun when everyone can play . The controller works like a charm .
 I do n't own a Wii , I just bought the controller to do Johnny Chung Lee 's wii remote trick , where you control things on your computer screen . Even when its not being used for anything , but left on a while , the battery drains rather quickly . Get some rechargeable batteries if you plan on buying this thing . Otherwise , I see no problem with it .
 The controller and the Wii are the best thing I bought for a while.Easy and quick transaction . Thank you
 Es un producto de calidad ; para mi es excelente y mas aun que viene con el protector de silicone ; as&iacute; mis hijos no se les da & ntilde ; a tan r&agrave;pido al momento de caerseles al piso .
 ENG
 The controllers are so real life like . It 's amazing that it can follow your every move . It 's nice to think that your kids are developing hand-eye cordination skills while having fun . Thanks Nintendo for a great product .
 After playing with the Wiimote , you wo n't want to play games `` the old way '' anymore . Simply great .
 I enjoy playing the Wii with the remote . It requires me to be active and a part of the game !
 The wii is the Best and you must have enough controllers . . its the first game Ive ever seen that gets my dear hubby and the grandkids out of their chairs and makes them sweat ... got ta love it !
 this is awesome ! ... the fact that there are no cable 's just incredible , it makes you be part of the game , and that 's something no one had ever done til now ... : -RRB-
 The Wii remote is great . It costs more to order it , but in order to play together , we needed a second one . We all play Wii sports together now !
 Obviously you have to have one of these to play , or 4 if you want to play with your friends . It 's very intuitive and responds to every movement , the Wii is more fun than any game system I 've ever played .
 I admit that I was a skeptic . But this controller is great . It is light , incredibly sensitive , and very intuitive to use . One thing I would recommend is to get a skin for this since they are pure white . Also the skin helps it be a little easier to clean . People will sweat when they play the sports games so ease of cleaning the controller is key .
 This by far has to be one of the most innovative controllers . It is wireless , motion sensitive , vibrates , and emits sound . First impressions for me were it was a retro Nintendo controller . Getting my hands on one it actually is far more advanced that any controller I have used . I am also surprised how very comfortable it is . It is a must to purchase the glove with this . That will afford you more grip when playing many games that require a lot of movement . When playing games I was surprised to hear the sound coming from this . Plus the vibration is excellent and the battery power is great . Good job Nintendo . Creating some so simple looking yet so advanced .
 I bought this Wii-mote for my 5 year old daughter in order to play 3 player games on the Wii and I am delighted with it . She decorated it with stickers and made it her own .
 I purchased the Wii remote controller so that more members of my family could play the game at one time . This is the best game ever . We have so much fun . It gives the entire family a chance to play and bond with each other . The seller sent me what I requested and it came in perfect condition .
 I needed extra Wi Remote Controllers and the savings was great . Knowing you are dealing with Amazon is great and assureing that you will get what you ordered . It was fast and easy and great savings !!
 The item came very quickly , and works like a charm . First rate seller . The price was quite a bit less than at local retail stores .
 This remote works very well and if u get the right kind of double A batteries for it it will last for about 4 months until u need new batteries . The remote it self is very clean -LRB- I 've had mine for about 2 yrs . so it has turned from white to brown on the wrist strap -RRB- and comes with a clear plastic jacket for more comfortable gameplay . However if u get charge-able batteries for it u will need to take the jacket off . This remote will last a while , but my friend got one from amazon and it did n't even work as many times we tried different batteries -LRB- I bought my wii and my remotes from game crazy -RRB- so i do not reccomend from buying it from here .
 I bought this used Wii Remote Controller for my 5 year old daughter , because she has been wanting to play on the Wii with us and I didnt have the money to get a new one from a store so I decided to look on amazon.com in hopes to finding one at a good price in good condition and I was very successful , and the day it arrived she was super excited . I reccomend that if you are looking for something that is gentely used and in great condition use AMAZON.COM please you will be very happy with the results .
 What can I say about a product like this ? It works , was not expensive and is durable .
 I had bought a Wi console with games and never had a 2nd controller -- so bought it from you -- am very satisfied!I have bought other items from you -- not a bad one in the bunch
 I order the product and receive it in less than 5 days with standard shipping
 Its a Wii remote , it does exactly what is supposed to . It was original packaging and delivered on time !!
 Although its charged and ready it seems that I can not play my wii at the moment and do not know why .
 it is the first game that I know of that the whole family can enjoy and also you can get your exercise with . it gets a couch pottato up an moving . family needs to spend more time together .
 Wii Remote works well . The kids love the blue skin that came with it .
 Wii is much more fun when more than one person plays . You will need a second controller .
 Believe it or not I have not received the WII Remote yet . I understand APO shipping can take some time but come on.I would say I am disappointed at this point . I am not sure if the seller is at fault .
 I am 72 and my husband is turning 80 this month . Even he was playing tennis withthe new Wii . We really throw ourselves into it physically so we got a work outbesides having loads of fun . I love the background noises from the crowd and the way the figuresmove on screen . A few times I was confused why the game said I missed a shot . I guess that justadded to my competitive spirit . Had to play another round to see if I could do better . The grandkids home from college took their turns at the various games too . They are very competitive . It was definitely a whole family activity . We love it , so bought a second controller .
 My first remote lasted almost six months with daily use . I called wii to see if anything could be done -LRB- 1-800-255-3700 -RRB- . They were very helpful and ran through a couple of options but nothing worked . The cost of repair is -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- odd ? -RRB- plus S&H ; so buying a new one is the best option.The old remote has only some functions that do not work so we still keep it . It was placed in a Mario Cart wheel and tossed onto our sofa a few times but that , apparently , was enough to throw it off . These remotes are very sensitive and I think my son learned that lesson the hard way -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- out of his allowance -RRB- . FYI
 Having a second remote controller is a must if you plan to play with someone else . Be sure to use that strap . It has saved our television screen a couple of times .
 Nice , now my family can play with so much fun , it comes with the rubber protect , and the belt . Please read again the Wii manual to install the second and next controllers .
 Bought the WII Fit and an extra remote controller . Both arrived promptly , in fact earlier than promised . At this time they are working great . My wife is the primary user of the WII Fit and she absolutely loves it .
 We purchased the additional Wii remote controller so that we would have two . I think it 's necessary to have atleast two controllers , otherwise you would only have the option of playing the Wii and you would n't be able to play with family or friends . Most of the Wii games are intended for two or more people and I think it 's a lot more fun to play with atleast one other person . Also if you go to a friends house and they have a Wii you can take your remote and play along !
 Great ... really like to rubber cover for better grip and protection if it flies out your hand .
 This was the second remote I bought for the Wii gaming system . I bought two more since .
 Looked all over to buy additional remotes for the Wii system . Found the best price for all the controllers was right here on Amazon.com
 WOW ! Our whole family loves the wii . Having extra controllers makes it even more fun ... tks to Amazon.com . My order was delivered and handled in a very professional and speedy way . Thanks for making our Chrismas the best one yet.Mary - Phx AZ
 I like the Wii because it keeps people moving instead of just sitting like a robot !
 Our family just got the Wii for Christmas this year as a gift from the family and this was a must have so more than one person could play our new games . Only thing that could make it any better is if the Wii came with two of them from the get go . Oh yeah it would also be nice if it was n't so darn EXPENSIVE ! If you do n't already have Wii Play get that instead because it is the game and a FREE controller DUH !
 The Wii remote controller is over priced but necessary . It does work fine , and is easy to use . I recomend that if this is the first controller you are buying , buy the Wii Play instead . However , if you already have the Wii Play , or are not interested in it , then buy it used if you can . While overpriced , it is necessary for the Wii .
 Solid construction Have had 2 controllers for over a year and they take abuse well . I 've seen them hit the wall or ceiling with the sheet rock taking all the damage . Went with 2 more for 4 player action
 I bought a WII for both my children and their families . They LOVE it . It was necessary to buy and extra nunchuh and controller .
 I have no complaints . I was little hesitant when the remotes -LRB- I ordered two -RRB- did n't come in the boxes that the picture shows . But it works well .
 It is not a oem controller but it works perfectly . It is a clone but you cant tell the difference .
 There 's not much to say about this controller . A complete interactive way to enjoy your games with your family and friends .
 Really needed another Wii remote to play 2 player games . There are times when the signals strays and syncing the remotes many times is pretty annoying , hopefully not having anything to do with this particular remote ...
 Its a Wii-mote . It works . Kinda funny thing is that the entire packaging is in Korean . I do n't read or speak Korean so its a good thing I knew how to work the Wii-mote .
 This product is new and works great . It is less expensive than I could find used at pawn shops . I am very happy with the product .
 I am very happy with the 2 wii remotes I purchased ! The price was wonderful ! They work perfectly , are black -LRB- I was expecting white but I do n't mind -RRB- and came in silicone sleeves too !
 Works perfectly - thanks for making my 6-year-old son so happy ! -LRB- He tends to wear out Wii controllers for some reason . -RRB-
 Just as advertized . Work great with Wii console and work just at good as the original wii motion plus remote that came with prior purchased Wii white console .
 If you have a family of four and are tired of swapping out controllers , taking turns , etc. get more remotes and all is good ,
 This is a relacement purchase and it works well , does what it is supposed to do . I am happy with it .
 Loved these when we first got the wii . Played every day . Now we never play anymore . good when we did play though !
 good enough x me this controller came on time and the price is good plus now i can use it on my wii u
 I really liked being able to still get a replacement controller . With the Wii U , all you can get in the stores is the plus controller .
 Everything worked together just as it should . There were was no problem syncing the controller and it was ready to play practically immediately after delivery to my home .
 The Wii mote works very well and have had no issues with it . I would stick with the official Wii mote instead of 3rd party creations . These official Wii motes work for sure . 3rd party controllers are hit and miss , but mostly miss .
 Now I have used this yet so i can tell you how well this works . I think that if you buy this it will be one of your best decisions ever.If you have been thinking about using the classic controller I think this might help you change your mind . With the classic controller you are just sitting around pressing buttons and being a couch potato . Now do n't get me wrong I love that sometimes , but it completely defeats the purpose of the Wii which is to be interactive and move . So if you want to do it couch potato style just get a gamecube because it will ruin the Wii.I admit that at first I did n't think the original wiimote would work , but now that I have used it I can tell you that It is the best invention in the history of gaming . In golf when you swing your character swings . In bowling if you throw with less force then the ball moves with less force . It is the next best thing to playing the actual sport . And in Zelda when you swing the wiimote your sword swings in the game.I can tell you from personal experience that playing beside your friends or playing against them is so fun and it canbe done for hours . At my friend Nick 's B-Day party we decided to play wiisports . We played just the bowling from 6:00 -6:30 and then again at 7:30 -11:30 . We would have played longer except we were forced to go to bed . now If you want to miss out on all that fun fine with me use the classic controller , but it will be one of the worst decisions in your entire life .
 The games are fun and they compliment Wii Sports . The two player limit is a negative but the included controller is a definite plus !
 The WII Controller works so well with the WII , that it 's like getting a workout . Great for couch potatoes .
 The Wii Remote is great . The system only came with one , so now both my boys can play together .
 Having an extra Wii controller makes it sooooo much more fun for the group .
 If you have a Wii , you will know why it is so popular . It 's because its remote .
 I actually do n't own a Wii -- I use this as a combination Bluetooth/IR remote for my OSX based home theater PC . It works wonders in that sense and provides a flexible , powerful controller for my system . Only problems now are with networked media playback software on the Mac . Also , it kind of eats batteries , so get a charger .
 It works fine out of the box . Paring with the console can be a little bit finicky , but works great after that . The only negative is the packaging , which is a particularly nasty flavor of blister wrap that took a while to get off safely , but besides that a good product .
 One comes with the console . One comes with Wii Play -LRB- not a great game , but worth the $ 10 price difference -RRB- . For maximum fun , you 'll still need to buy two more and make sure you have nunchuks to match .
 Pros : - Motion sensing.-Built-in speaker . Volume is adjustable.-Built-in rumbler -LRB- vibration -RRB- . You can disable it if you want to extend battery life.-Very long range.-Runs on conventional AA batteries . Rechargeable Nimh batteries recommended.-There is nothing right now to compare this controller with other game system . Wii used to be called Nintendo Revolution before they decided to change its name to Wii . Some say that it was a mistake but turned out to be a marketing genius . It is one syllable , easy on the tongue and a little controversial because it rhymes with...-The controller is tough as a German tank . My son have thrown the controller to the TV a couple of times and a number of times on the hardwood floor . All 3 controllers are still working since we bought the system from Amazon the first day it came out.You really have to be careful while playing games such as tennis , baseball , boxing and other very physical games . You might either hit somebody or accidentally throw the controller . It is heavy and made of tough plastic , it really hurts . The best protective cover is a silicone made by Nintendo itself . Somehow I can not find it even on their site . I believe it come with the new controllers when you buy Wii Play.-A + + + for Nintendo customer service . My Wii had trouble connecting to the internet . I talk to a customer service person and found out it needs to be serviced . They sent me a console replacement right away , fast shipping . I sent back my old Wii console via free shipping also . The person I talked to is the same person I spoke from beginning to end . I was never transferred to anybody . Try that with other companies . The whole experience was exhilarating.Cons : - There is no off button to turn off the controller -LRB- But will automatically turns off if you turn off the Wii console - either with the remote or the console itself -RRB- . - Expensive at 39 $ . And you need controller accessories to play some games . Nunchuk - you attach at the bottom of the controller cost 19 $ . Classic game pad controller is also 19 $ , if you want to play the classic downloadable games from Wii Shop Channel .
 The device feels like you are really playing and are involved in the game . .
 Nintendo has , once again , completely reinvented the game controller . Like the D-pad , like shoulder buttons , like the analog thumb-stick , they 've taken what we * know * to be the right control scheme for console games and thrown it completely out the window in favor of something ... . else.By this time , everyone should know what exactly this thing is supposed to do , so I wo n't reiterate . What I will say is that , quite simply , it delivers on the promises.It works . It does exactly what they said it would.Motion control , rumble , speaker , pointer , everything . Just like before , * this * is the way a console game should be controlled.My only minor gripes : Batteries
 Got this as an extra controller/use on the computer . Works just fine . Came with the slip jacket and wrist wrap . Very happy with my purchase .
 Extra remotes are a must when you have a Wii . Our friends look forward to our weekend play nights on the Wii . We have weekend competitions with them .
 We had two of these with 3 in the family . Bought one more . Now everyone is happy . Nothing more to be said .
 Since Nintendo Wii package only includes only one set of Wiimote and Nunchuck , additional set is a must to play together . I ordered from amazon after short researching in the market . It 's tax free and a few dollars cheaper than other places so it 's the best price I 've come across so far.The package came perfectly normal and works nicely .
 The remotes were exactly as described . Works great . Fast service . Would purchase from this buyer again .
 Best price I could find on the controller . Even better with free shipping and no sales tax.Controller is the same as the one that came with the Wii . Definately worth having extras . We ended up getting three extras and one extra nunchuck .
 The remote works great ! The only bad thing I can say is the Nun Chuck -LRB- Not bought here -RRB- is less sensitive than the remote . Other than that , very happy .
 This is a great thing for kids as long as you keep with in the age range . . and it is fun for the whole family . Amazon does a great job in shipping and alway on time
 The remotes are really cool . Do n't bother buying any of the accessories that go with the remotes - like the wheel , tennis racket , bat etc. . The remotes are so easy to use that the accessories just get in the way .
 I ca n't add much to the discussion , except to say that my 87 year old father in law loved bowling Controller ; could n't get over the realism . He kept backing away from the foul line after he `` threw '' his ball , just like at the alley and would backwards into the sofa ...
 Wii console came with only 1 remote controller , so I bought from Amazon for about $ 4 less than the retail stores -LRB- Best Buy/Gamestop -RRB- when it was selling for $ 35.96 in Nov. 2008 . Identical to the remote that came with the console including sleeve and wrist strap . I used the instructions from the Wii website to sync the additional controller to the console .
 Not that a review of a controller is likely to sell anyone on a game system , but once you get used to the slightly counter-intuitive nature of the Wii Remote -LRB- like actually moving it to drive a vehicle ! -RRB- it is a blast . You can shoot things by aiming directly at the screen , play sports by actually swinging the remote in a similar movement to the real thing and drive vehicles by turning the remove endwise and using it like a steering wheel . Pretty innovative .
 This game is awsome - brings entire family to play including 60 year old mom!The challange was to find one , wish Nintendo has done good job on demand . Great service from Amazon and love it
 The product was just how we expected it to be , arrived promtly , we use it almost every day .
 The Wii Remote is the heart of the innovative design of the Wii . Not only does the Wii Remote make use of the Wii 's motion sensitive gameplay , but it also rumbles and has a speaker on it . The controller can be used to turn the system on or off , wirelessly.Simply put , this is a great new innovation for video-gamers of all ages .
 For anybody who owns a Nintendo video game system , they definitely know the quality of the video game system is , as well as the controllers . The Wii is no acception , with 2 controllers to master . The Wii remote controller is sleek and convient to use with the system . All you do on the menu is point and click to what you would like to go to . It also works great with games like Excite Truck , where you hold it like a NES controller , and turn it like a steering wheel , or The Legend Of Zelda
 The reason these are so hard to find is because they provide more fun then the human mind can grasp .
 I love it I just got it today only one wish is that it would come with rechargable batteries and a charger besides that it 's cool .
 This controller would have five stars if the teeny tiny cord that connects the wrist strap to the controller gave me more confidence . I simply do not trust that it will hold together and I 've seen evidence from others that it does indeed tend to break.I love the gameplay you have with this and am looking forward to other controller types being released . Perhaps they will have something you can attach to your feet for some kick boxing : - -RRB- UPDATE
 Needed to add additional controllers for my Wii games . Have 4 grandsons and like all boys they want their own even at Grandpops house . Purchase price and shipping from Amazon.com were perfect . Great selection of all Wii software . Controllers work fine , boys are happy now .
 I have 4 remote controllers and have never had a problem . That 's amazing considering all the shaking they get . 100 % satisfied .
 This product works perfectly . My sister was very excited to receive this as a gift .
 I had n't played a video console since the original Nintendo but our friends got a Wii a while back . We played the game and I was hooked , mainly due to the innovative remote . You must have at least 2 for multi-player games and you 'll want 4 so you do n't have to share . Overall , a great remote for a great console . 5 stars for sure .
 Not much to say -- needed a second Wii controller , so I searched the web and found Amazon had the best deal , plus no tax and free shipping . The thing came quickly , and works great .
 There has n't been a dull get together since I got the 3 extra controllers for the Wii . Every time we have a blast with Mario Party , Wario Ware , Wii Sports , and Brawl .
 IR tracker works . MS BlueTooth stack does not accept the HID data , but3rd party Toshiba stack does.I have n't tried to work with the accelerometers or buttons yet , but I hope morepeople find neat uses for this low-cost sensor suite !
 What 's there to say about the Wii remote ? It 's really priced right for all the entertainment it provides . The more people playing the more fun you 'll have .
 I 'm one of those unfortunate souls who lack hand-eye coordination and as a result , usually do very poorly with handheld video games and controllers.This however , actually gives even disadvantaged folks like me a fighting chance . Not anyone has the nimble thumbs necessary to move a keypad and click buttons but just about anyone -LRB- hey even my 2 yr old can bowl now -RRB- can handle this!Get yourself a slick little silicone glove for it , and you 'll wonder what took you so long to get one of these !
 If you have a Wii already , I ca n't really say much that you do n't already know . Having multiple remotes allows you to not have to keep passing a single one around when you have friends over who want to play , and I always have someone coming over any time I turn it on .
 The Wii Controller is a very fun , very interesting and smart new controller for our generation . The consept behind it is that tha controller is supposed to be an extension of your body , so where ever you move the controller the game your playing will react to those movements -LRB- depending on the games your playing like Wii Sports and Legend of Zelda -RRB- . While it is fun there are some things that Nintendo could have done better . For Example - The Wii controller is a little too sensative sometimes -LRB- when you play Tennis on Wii sports , sometimes I try not to move or else I will hit the ball too soon or too late -RRB- . The Wii Controller runs on Batteries just like The Xbox 360 controller , and could 've been like the PS3 controller with a recharchable controller . The fact that most games have to use the detachable Nunchuck attachment , it is really f *** in retarted that they would sell it seperatley , and the price of both the Wii controller and the Nunchuck is about the price of a Next-Gen game -LRB- $ 60.00 plus tax -RRB- which is not that bad but it is a hassel especially that the Wii is meant to have 4 controllers so that would cost about as much as $ 200.00 . The sound that is built into the controller is cool , but I ca n't lower the volume on it which is annoying especially if its night time and trying not to wake the people around me that are trying to sleep -LRB- if you can someone tell me -RRB- and it sounds like a cheap toy . And the last thing is that when you have to turn the controller to its side to play some games it is a lil uncomfortable , it does n't feel right . Still I like the new concept over the casual game controllers But they could 've done a lil better on it .
 Must have for the Wii if you have multiple players . One should actually get their second Wii remote along with Wii Play , but any additional ones , you can get separately on its own . I 'm not a hard care gamer so the lay out of buttons are not overwhelming . Great interface with Wii games such as Wii Sports , Wii Play .
 The Wii remote controller is good.With $ 10.00 more , you may consider of getting Wii Play , which includes the Wii remote controller and 10 games .
 Just a few things I have n't seen mentioned in other reviews.Rechargable batteries vs. weight - I purchased Energizer Rechargable NiMH batteries specifically for our Wii Remotes . They are a little pricey but they last an impressive amount of time per change . During a trip to a friend 's house with the Wii in tow one pair happened to die , so he found some traditional coppertops to replace them with . The weight difference is insane . In games like Wii Sports Tennis where controller swing timing is crutial it feels like it makes a difference .1 , 2 , 3 , 4 Player ? - We 've noticed when running 4 Wii Remotes at a time they tend to jump around as to which Remote is actually which number of player . You may exit a game that you were just player 3 on , the third blue light on your remote is lit , but your hand onscreen is red and has a 2 in it . It does n't affect gameplay really , but tends to be frustrating considering we 're talking about the most expensive `` standard '' controller on the market now.Wish there was an independant off switch - Ready to play , just grab a Remote and push the A button -LRB- or 1 and 2 simultaneously -RRB- to have it attempt to begin communicating with the Wii . But when not it use you almost have to place it on an alter all by itself , so it does n't happen to sit face down constantly trying to sync , and draining your batteries .
 This Wii remote is licensed by Nintendo and synced perfectly and easily to my Wii . It came with &#34; maxwell &#34; brand batteries and i 've been playing for hours straight for a few days now and the batteries are holding up well . The packaging was not as shown . It looked like it might have been a remote from a game that comes with the remote , like Wii Play . That is no big deal as it works perfectly ! The price really could n't be beat either ... even at a used game store ! Yay for Amazon.com !
 We are n't willing to pay an extra $ 20 for the plus version of the remote , and we were worried about recent reviews here complaining about getting fake remotes , but it seems like they 're still good quality.We decided to buy two , and so far they look good . I checked them on various websites about fake remotes . I found two little differences , one was the plastic was a little different in the battery chamber , and the other difference was in the stamp on the end where you hook up the nunchuck . Everything else matched up with the real remote checklists . We 've used them for several hours of playing now and seem to work just as well as our other real remotes.The other difference was the packaging . These remotes just game wrapped in foam with an instruction manual . There was no plastic box like is shown in the picture . It makes me wonder if Nintendo is trying to phase these out so they can make more money on the remote plus , but they ordered a new batch because people are still buying these.We 'll update here if something goes wrong with them .
 This is a legitimate Nintendo Wii Remote , in case you had any concerns with that . It is not the newest remote with the Wii Motion Plus , though . This is about as cheap as you 'll find a Wii Remote priced at , so if you need another one , look no further than this . If you insist on having the newest remote with the Wii Motion Plus , then keep searching .
 I bought this controller from `` Great Georgia Games '' and was way more than pleased . I ordered thinking it was going to be just the controller , I got not only the controller but the skin that goes around it and the attachment that goes to your wrist ! AND it was LIKE NEW !!!!! I love this , and when I order my next controller , I know who I 'm ordering from !!!! AND I got it SUPER fast !!!!
 As far as I know , it is the only controller available for the Wii System.I highly recommend the rechargeable controllers with the charging station.Besides always having fully charged controllers ready , you help the environment by not using so many batteries .
 This controller senses movement and sees where you are pointing on screen which is great for shooting . This controller makes playing games more fun than last generation controllers . I recommend buying rechargeable batteries because you will waste batteries playing this and I do n't even turn on the vibration and speaker on the wii mote . The speaker on it sounds very cheap and is very difficult to hear , but it is a real good concept . It can only sense the pointer from about 8 feet away which is n't very far especially when you are playing on a big screen and you do n't want to stand so close to the TV .
 I thought I outgrew playing video games . The Wii has brought me back in a big way .
 4 Controllers a must for the WII game . Makes it easy for several people to play !
 If you want to play with other people , you must add this to your purchase when -LRB- and if -RRB- you get a Wii game system .
 Very Easy to connect and start playing in no time . Genuine Wii Remote , so as good as the one that ships with the box .
 This is the standard controller that you need to use a Wii . It came quickly and works great . Not much else I can say .
 This is a fantastic device . I do n't know what I could say that has n't already been said , but here goes :1 -RRB- Motion sensing .2 -RRB- Light .3 -RRB- Great button layout .4 -RRB- Sound ! 5 -RRB- Navigating the ` net is awsome ! 6 -RRB- Blue tooth.Cons :1 -RRB- Short battery life .2 -RRB- Interference with obstacles.All in all , it 's the best of this generation and set the standard for others to follow -LRB- look at PS3 's contoller , and MS looking to make something like it -RRB- . Five starz !
 Great thing to buy especially for the Wii sports game . Because having more than one controller equals great fun . A lot more fun than having to share the remote . I recommend this product to anyone .
 Justo a tiempo para comenzar a jugar Tennis en pareja y disfrutar de los otros juegos . El paquete llego a tiempo , en perfectas condiciones .
 This product came as advertised new in box . It 's a standard Wii controller , and to date functioned flawlessly .
 It works excellent and was delivered in a timely manner . The remote control was cheaper by $ 5.00 by ordering through Amazon than buying in local store .
 The WII system comes with only one controller so for multiple players the additional remote is a necessary accessory
 I would highly recommend getting an extra wii remote . Mainly for the fact that the regular wii game only comes with one remote . If you want to do multiplayer on the wii than you need to have an extra remote.If you would like to us the wii with more than one person you need the remote . It 's just like the remote that comes with the wii . They did n't change anything . Still works just fine . Uses regular batteries that are nice to keep around . If you do n't plan on using the wii with other people then maybe you do n't need this controller . An extra controller makes you feel more secure though . You ca n't forget that .
 I bought this controller with a great price at Amazon . I got the free shipping and received it before Christmas ! It was a great deal !
 The controller is good . Saved some money by not having to buy the game DVD with this . Not any different from the original remote controller that comes with Wii . Good buy for the price .
 ... It 's a controller . A good controller . It controls very well . Of course , Amazon ordering is all too easy and shipping is as fast as when the Wile E. Coyote orders from the Acme catalog ! Really fast !
 Its so much fun for all ages - which is the best as we have a 5 yr old
 The Wii console only comes with one controller , so just buy another one ! Very easy to set up !
 I gave this to my niece for her 12th birthday as an extra remote when playing wii games with her sister . Great buy !
 This remote controller is working beautifully . I am very pleased with it and also the quick delivery .
 At first , the remote controller , acquired in early April of this year , worked fine and we were thoroughjly happy with it - HOWEVER , last week it suddenly failed in the middle of a game . Since , then , we got it to work once only , and now it does n't seem to work at all . We are very disappointed and would like to either have it fixed , get another one , or have our money refunded . We do n't know who to contact . Can anyone help ?
 I am an avid Wii exerciser . I never thought I needed 2 Wii remotes until I became addicted to Gold 's Gym Cardio Workout . Boxing is much better with 2 remotes instead of the nunchuck . I bought the product used and it is in perfect condition . I 'm very happy with my purchase and the price .
 Not much to say ... I bought it for my brother . Shipped on time , arrived timely ... and has worked well for him .
 Purchased as a 2 part combo-has enabled us to have several players at the same time .
 I ordered a wii remote . it came brand new , and I was very pleased with this product . I received it very quickly and would most definitly order from here again . .
 This item was just as described and was packaged nicely . I was searching for the official WII remote as I have had problems in the past with those `` aftermarket '' remotes . This seller had the best price and took care of my needs . Thanks .
 This seller is fantastic . Not only does he send it out quick , he also follows up to be sure you received the item and are pleased with the purchase . I have complete confidence in ordering anything from this seller . THANK YOU
 This Wii-mote was labeled as `` New '' when I purchased it , but when it arrived , the packaging was old and the Wii-mote had a smiley face drawn on the bottom with a marker . The controller works though and despite the fact that it was n't `` New '' I 'm still happy with the purchase .
 Nice controller , need this to allow dual competition in many Wii titles . Added rechargeable module & stand that way Wii remotes are always ready to use . A needed Wii accessory if you are a more then one player family .
 The Wii remotes arrIved very quickly and work perfectly . Would definitely buy from this vendor again . Very satisfied .
 We needed a new controller because we left ours out and the dog chewed it . This remote was shipped fast works perfectly and we have n't had any problems . I bought 2 more .
 I had to buy it because I lost my other one . It works great . You will love it if you buy it .
 I did n't think I would like the protection around the remote but it makes it easier to hold ! Very happy !
 Work flawlessly but sometimes I wonder with the motion plus attachment if the motion plus is at fault or the controller because certain controllers work better with motion plus attachments than others .
 this was my very first time ordering from amazon , being somewhat aprehensive i decided to order any way , i can say my exsperiance , was very good , and the product , good stuff . this may be short but direct and to the point .
 I have no problem with this controller . It does everything it is supposed to do . The game , however is a little cartoonish and has issues when used from somewhere not directly in front of the receiver .
 i cant find how to review the seller so ill do it on the item - came and i never tried it ... turned out to be broken ... seller sent a prepaid envelope for me to mail it back and gave me a full refund . great customer service .
 Thank you so much for sending my wii remote quickly , it arrived a full 3 days ahead of items i ordered on the same day . You rock . this seller comes highly reccomended by me .
 The wii remote is excellent to me it is better than the one that came with the game . . Great buy and came quickly would definitely buy from this vendor again .
 This product is great exactly as described and it worked extremely well . The item was shipped and arrived in a timely manner as well . I would recommend it to anyone .
 It was a great price worth getting , had a fast turnaround and gives us hours of pleasure would recommend this item
 cheaper then in stores sent to me in time and was great ! loved the product and meeded extra remotes . well worth the money and the time !
 just what I wanted they are for my nephew for his christmas so i am sure he will be happy
 We have had these for a while and they have lasted us a good amount of time I would recommend them .
 I love the quality of the product might take some time to get use to but all in all good .
 The controller works great ! Even after a puppy chewed on it and kids dropped them . They still work great ! .
 fant&aacute;stico de pana que full bien el env&ograve; vale y es lo que queria , como lo queria y cuand lo queria
 Bought it as a gift for my nephew . I do n't know much about this product , but he is still using it .
 This is a good product but pay attention the what color it says it is . The pic showed white but the description said black . Did n't catch it do got the wrong color . Works great and in good condition .
 The wii remote works perfect . However it came in a plain white , shipping-type box . It does NOT look like the box pictured -LRB- with the &#34; window &#34; to see the remote -RRB- . Just wanted to mention that so other customers are n't surprised . I still gave it 5 stars because the remote itself is great . I would have been disappointed if I was giving this as a gift though , because the box made it look like it was after-market or something .
 it is a genuine nintendo wii remote RVL-CNT-01it is the original remote not the wii motion plusit works with Dolphin emulator on pcbeware the wii motion plus remote RVL-CNT-01-TR will not work with pc , i had to return it
 Had to puschase these to replace the old ones we had which stopped working because of water damage from hurricane sandy . we were happy to have found them at a great price
 Excelente producto , llego en excelentes condiciones , lo recomiendo al 100 % . Vendedor Excelente y serio . Saludos y que dios los bendiga
 I bought this as a Christmas gift and had it shipped , it worked great with the Wii system at a good price .
 I have purchase some aftermarket controllers online which did not work right from the jump . I had to wait a while but it 's perfect in every way . Thank goodness .
 arrived quickly and in good condition . was very impressed with the service . would purchase from this source again . Thank you .
 Controller worked fine . As expected , it was used , but in great condition . See if this one does n't make it to the trash container at the hands of my toddler .
 We love to wii as a family , so I bought 2 more wii controllers to add to the fun ... they arrived much sooner than I had anticipated at Christmas time ... about 3 or 4 days ! And the kids were ecstatic to have 2 more controllers with which to play together . 1 month in and they 're working great !
 After reading some negative reviews about not being able to get in contact with the seller and the remotes not working , I was slightly worried about this . I ordered it as a gift and so far , it seems to be working fine . If you are expecting it to come in the familiar plastic packaging you are used to seeing on store shelves -LRB- like I was -RRB- you will be slightly disappointed . It came in a simple clear plastic bag inside a bubble wrap lined envelope . It sort of made me feel like I was giving a used gift , so be wary of that when ordering . Other than that , seems to be a decent value .
 what you see is what you getas you 'd expect of this product . overall , we are fairly happy with this .
 The Wii remote is needed to play Wii games , and it makes games very fun because of the motion . The remote also has speakers , though I do n't see the point , and it probably makes the battery last less time . For me , the batteries last about a month , which is n't as long as they last in my XBox 360 controller . Make sure you wear the wrist strap to make sure you do n't accidentally throw the remote . This has happened to people , and they have damaged their TV 's . I do n't think it 's likely if you 're careful , though.I mostly like the Wii remote , but there is one problem I 've had besides the battery not lasting super long . In one of my Wii remotes , the sound eventually started to get bad . The sound is n't very important , but it would sound like static sometimes . I do n't know if this is a very common problem or not . Luckily , other than that , the controller works great .
 I bought this for my son I am happy to have saved a few dollars , hes 5 so if he flings and drops it its fine . We got it for the fin mcmissile wheel and sticker set and it works great
 The Wii Remote Controller is obviously a must have to use the Wii system . We have had our system for 3 years or more and have had no problems with any part of it .
 This product came as described and works wonderfully . I highly recommend to anyone looking for quality at a great price !!
 Wii Remote ControllerThe controller is great and came with cover . No complaints .
 I ordered an extra remote for my Wii . I am happy with this purchase . I purchased a like new item , and to me it was like no one ever used it .
 There is a small rattle inside the speaker when it rumbles when rolling over the channels on the Wii menu , but it is very faint and not worth worrying about . Other than that , it works flawlessly .
 best place to purchase remotes , better pricing , good seller , was in good shape when it came
 For a special birthday , I gave my son 's family a new Wii but did n't want to spend store prices for the extra Wii remotes . So I checked out Amazon.com and ordered three used remotes from the large selection of sellers that they offered . I saved so much money by going through Amazon.com . Will order through them the next time the need arises .
 I was very pleased when I received the remote . It had the protective covering and wrist strap with it too . It was delivered in a very timely manner and it perfect condition . Two thumbs up .
 having an additional controller makes it more fun for my grandson and me to bowl
 I am not the typical gamer -LRB- I own a PS/3 , but only for the Blu-ray player -RRB- , but my wife recently persuaded me to buy a Wii for the `` fun '' of the games . More about the Wii in a separate review , but this one is about the controller.With only 1 in the box and given the need to attach it firmly to the user 's wrist -LRB- or risk damage to the TV , other players , etc -RRB- , a second remote was a necessity to permit two to play and the Wii seems well-suited to multi-player games -LRB- and more fun than just against the machine -RRB- . I wish a second remote controller was included in the box ... I found the unit responsive , intuitive and adding a real fun dimension to the games . I dropped one star as , occasionally , I find that the game fails to detect certain movements .
 My 69 year old husband and I love this product . It is fun , easy for us to do , and we get a little exercise in the fun of it .
 You have a WII and you know you never want anyone to use your remote ! LOL . Well order one from Amazon ! I did and well the first one did not work , but instantly they sent me a new one ! Yae Hoo ! Now we have 2 and they work great ! I LOVE MY WII and REMOTES - all thanks to AMAZON.COM !
 Fair cost , delivered promptly , product works as expected . Cant ask for anything more . Good doing business with you.Thanks
 I had two remotes and needed two more for the four people games . They work great .
 I love that it 's interactive . I 'm not one to sit on the couch and push buttons for an hour . I 'd rather be moving .
 the seller did ecxelent agreed with everything great and the product was exactly what I was looking for . perfect
 it makes playing more enjoyable when every one has their own controller.you do n't have to switch off any more . -LRB- like bowling -RRB- when its your turn your ready to go !! we have 4 so far they work great !
 This is a must have if you want to play with more than one person . Always great to have an extra controller for group games . I know they are a little pricey but really worth it if you have a family or have friends over . Would recomend some of the rechargeable batteries as you can go through the AA batteries pretty quick .
 it works great , needed it for a christmas presant and this was the best place to find one .
 this company was very satisfactory . the product i ordered came sooner than expected which was very good and everything ws packaged nicely . i would definitely buy from this site again !
 I 've read a couple other reviews that mentioned the rechargeable battery packs that you can get for the wii controllers ... I also highly recommend them . You can by dual or quad chargers that come with replacement Li-Ion batteries with last the longest of the rechargeables . Having multiple wii controllers is a must for multi-player an they come with the durable white rubber grips for added safety -
 We purchased the Wii before Christmas so we would be able to enjoy it with our children and granddaughters during their stay over the holidays . We all had a wonderful time playing the various games and the competition was fierce . I would recommend this game to anyone .
 the remote is absolute genius . easy to use , and lovely in your hand.get rechargeable batteries , it 's really annoying when they run out - i 'm still used to wires and not ever needing to think about them . - i suggest something with USB connectors -LRB- plug into wii -RRB- - usbcell.com has some very cool batteries.even my parents loved using it .
 The Wii Remote Controller is great !!!!! It is like magic !!
 Excelente funciona bien pero el unico inconveniente fue que cuando me lo enviaron lo mandaron solo en una bolsa
 it 's essential to have enough controllers in order to enjoy the wii , and I received mine from Amazon quite quickly .
 If you have a Wii , multiplayer is great ! If you do n't have a Wii , GET ONE !
 The remote came in sooner than expected and worked just like new . I would definitely recommend this vendor .
 The control was in very good condition and it came in a timely manner . I really appreciate the seller description of his item being true as state ...
 Great remote ... compatible with our existing wii remote . Perfect to use for wii fit games !
 I received the remotes and very pleased . One was brand new and the other was used as advertised . The used one looks New like the brand new one I received .
 My grandson loves his Wii , this accessory also adds to his enjoyment making it possible to play with his friends .
 We recently got the Wii sports package game that came with one controller . After playing and sharing for awhile we decided to buy another controller so each of us would have one . This really adds to the fun . Only danger in tennis is to keep from batting your opponent as you take your swings .
 Most of the Wii games support more than one player -- some support up to 4 . But the Wii console comes with a single remote and nunchuk . We got by with just 2 remote-and-nunchucks for a year , but it 's so much better now that we have 4 . The family games are livelier when everybody plays !
 So glad we got this second controller . We have lots of fun competing on the Sports games . I am doing best in tennis but my husband is best at baseball . No problems with the controller . Did purchase rechargeable batteries to save money on batteries .
 What can I say -- it 's a component of the Wii console and it works as intended ... end of story.Nothing remarkable to add ... ?
 no choice about it , we needed a 3rd and 4th controller . Amazon does have th ebest price on this controller .
 Fun Factory Wii Remote Controller Charging StationWii Remote - old version without JacketReceived in excellent condition and arrived in a timely manner .
 This is a great controller . My kids love it . It has a good strap and works like a charm .
 Very easy to use . You have to use it like you are actually playing the game.Installing the batteries/battery packs are a little hard to snap into place and the compartment lid is hard to remove but with a little effort can be done . It 's a great family unit ! It gets your heart pumping !
 I think this controller is fantastic because it can detect your motion accurately.The concept is very good .
 This controller is just like the one that comes with the Wii in the original box with the clear grip that fits great in your hand . Works great !
 Compre el nintendo wii y ademas compre un nunchuk + wiimote extra para no jugar solo ! hasta ahora me ha funcionaod excelente : DSaludos !!
 Exactly as described . New in packeage . Thanks for the quick shipping and good updates . I would definately recommmend this vendor .
 I bought this as a second Wiimote to the one that came with the unit . It 's absolutely necessary to play MarioKart , tennis , and many others . I 'm glad i got it and it works great . One footnote ... I still need a second nunchuck to play boxing -LRB- and probably other games -RRB- so keep that in mind . Also , you do n't need a wheel to play MarioKart . I never use it . I just hold the Wiimote horizontal .
 Great to have an extra remote with your wii system . awesome gaming system , very user friendy as is the remote .
 Nintendo Wii Remote and Nunchuck ComboEXCELLENT.AS A SENIOR CITIZEN , MY WIFE AND I ARE HAVING SO MUCH FUN BOWLING AGAIN WITH THE WII . IT HAS GIVEN US SO MUCH MORE ENERGY AND IT IS ALSO GREAT FOR EXERCISING . COME ON SENIORS HAVE FUN AND GO BOWLING AGAIN WITH THE WII .
 I love the Wii remotes . I could not find any of these at all locally . Now we can play 4 player games .
 So far , Wii has been the best video game that everyone in my family enjoys . Additional remotes are a must if the whole family is to enjoy the experience . So , buy 4 remotes for the game and enjoy with the whole family .
 Just needed an extra Wii remote for multiplayer gaming . Works perfectly and like it 's supposed to .
 Before purchasing this wii controller and the wii game i read a few reviews that said the controllers were n't accurate enough and did n't work well but i could n't disagree more . I purchased a wii game and three extra controllers and they work extremely well . We have had a blast with the wii and i would recommend it to everyone .
 I got the Wii system for my family of 7 adults and we wanted to play Tennis doubles so ordered 2 extra Wii remotes . We have had sooo much fun , the remotes work fabulously well .
 The Wii I think is the best gift we 've gotten . SO MUCH FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY ! The controllers are just what we needed !
 Love the remote . It takes some getting used to at first to get the hand to move where you want it on the screen , but just move slow and you will get it quickly .
 Compared to the other gaming systems , I love this controller . It is very easy to use . My 5yr old granddaughter mastered the use of this controller in about 30 mins . Everyone in our family loves the controller configuration and has enjoyed playing it since we got it .
 As always , amazon shipped fast and free ! and the controller works flawlessly . thanks amazon !
 This game is unbelievable . I 'm 59 years old and am definitely not a video game player . My son got one and I played it ! I 've never had so much fun . Went out and bought one for myself immediately . Some of the games are a great workout too !!! A must buy game .
 We had 2 Wii controllers and needed two more . I did not realize until searching for two more controllers that some controllers are not exactly like the two that came with our Wii . However , we found what we wanted -LRB- the original Wii controller -RRB- on Amazon and ordered it . And , the product is exactly what we expected . Works great - totally satisfied with this purchase !
 The Wii controller is great . It can be used both as a traditional controller and as a remote `` wand . '' It fits comfortably in your hand . Nintendo did a great job with the Wii .
 Obviously the standard Wii-mote is a great item.The only bad part is that Amazon shows the picture as though the motion plus as included , it is n't !
 You really need to have two controls for your Wii , the Wii is made to play in family , or to share with another person , the alone Wii brings a game of controls , so it is necessary to buy a second couple of controls at least
 Hi , After buying this WII Remote , me and my family can play together because this is the 3rd remote that i 'm bought which completes my total to 4 ; me and my whole family can play WII Tennis together and its so much fun.The product is good and easy to use.I 'm having the product from last month .
 Awesome purchase , reasonable price . After reviewing several websites for an extra Wii Remote Controller , I found Amazon to have the lowest price .
 This remote works great and it 's nice that it comes with such thick slip covers .
 Looked at Best Buy and other stores . With free shipping it was cheaper to buy from Amazon . I 'm discovering that with numerous products from many categories . Recommended .
 If you bought a Wii system you already know there is only one controller . So , unless you live by yourself , one ai n't enough . The minimum to have is two . Now , if you have Guitar Hero , your probably gon na leave one in the guitar . So , that leaves you with one controller to play games with.If you wan na play a friend , now your up to 3 controllers . If you got more friends , 4 players can play some games , now you have to own 5 controllers ... and finally , if your buy two guitars for dueling , yep , your now buying a total of 6 controllers . At $ 40 a pop ... that 's alot.OK , you can get by with 2 controllers as long as you do n't entertain .
 You get one with the Wii , I bought 3 more . we used them with four of us in the family . It 's fun that each has his/her own . Beside you never know when one will go bad .
 The Wii remote has already proven a success for Nintendo . It truly adds to the gameplay of a game . This remote can be used as a sword -LRB- Red Steel , Zelda -RRB- a gun -LRB- Red Steel , Call of Duty 3 -RRB- or even just using the motion sensor to imitate motions is good enough -LRB- Wii Sports , Madden NFL 2007 -RRB- . The remote itself cretes a more interactive feel for the game . Imagine , if you will , that your character 's action on screen depends upon your very own . In other words , this is n't button mashing , this is real interface . Nintendo scores here.The remote takes two AA batteries in order for you to get the ball rolling . In games , it serves as your form of play . On the Wii menu it serves as your pointer . Almost like a mouse to a PC . You 'll be able to click on things , shop and start up Wii channels all from this remote . Also , while in the middle of a game , the remote can be used to return to the Wii Menu at any time by simply pressing the home key . The buttons , as well as the trigger are all quick and responsive.Aside from the motion sensor , there is more glitter and gold to the Wii remote . For starters , it actually does work with some virtual console games . For NES , Turbo Grafx-16 and Sega Genesis the Wii Remote actually does work to play these games . While it makes more sense to use a Gamecube Controller or buy a Classic Controller for virtual download , it 's nice that you are able to use the remote to play some of the more basic games . It ca n't be used for SNES or Nintendo 64 at all , though.When purchasing a Wii Remote , you may also want to consider getting a nunchuck attachment as well . Most games work using the Wii remote and nunchuck . There are n't that many out there that require just the remote . So you 'll always want a nunchuck as well , which attaches to the base of the wii remote . Additional Wii remotes are also a must for multiplayer . This does ramp up the price , however , as additional Nunchucks are twenty more dollars you 'll have to spend . In addition , buying a classic controller -LRB- which also attaches into the base of the wii remote -RRB- for the virtual console also costs an additional twenty dollars . It can be costly , but for the additonal multiplayer aspect it can indeed be a good investment.Perhaps the only thing that keeps the Wii Remote down is that for any avid or hardcore gamer , the battery life does n't last long . The batteries die out quite fast . The default batteries that come with the remote die out in less than a week , and replacement batteries do n't last long either . It 's far better to buy rechargable batteries for your Wii remote than it is to keep running to the store and buying batteries over and over . Also , when playing , there 's no warning that your batteries are low during gameplay . You 'll know when they 've died of course , but it 'd be nice to have a warning.It 's a great controller , and as usual it 's best to buy from Nintendo rather than third party controllers . It can be costly if you figure in the nunchuck and/or virtual controller , and it drains batteries fast , but it 's still a good controller.The Good + Changing the way we play games + Alert and responsive controls + Navigation through menus is really easy + Attachments are easy to connectThe Bad-Nunchuck is sold separately , and it 's needed for many games ... I 've no problem buying the classic controller separately , but it 's strange that Nintendo would n't sell the remote and nunchuck in a bundle-Drains battery life fast , but this can be remedied with rechargable batteries.Happy gaming !
 I love my Wii remote controllers . I have three of them . The first two came with my Wii , and the third came with my Wii Play.As far as batteries are concerned , rechargeable batteries are good . The charge station from Nyko is better . I prefer the 4-remote Energizer recharger the most.Have a look at the photo of the product on this page . See the clear plastic case the remote is in ? That 's known as a remote jacket . You can order those , as well as replacement straps , on the nintendo website . Both can be had for free.On a whole , the Wii remote controller outranks the controllers from Nintendo Entertainment System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System many times over .
 Obviously a remote is essential . I recomment getting it used , I managed to find a two-pack for $ 30 . Otherwise buy Wii-Play for $ 10 more with the wii-mote and you have some funny mini-games to play with . The cow racing on Wii-Play is hilarious .
 I 've been playing computer and video games for over 2 decades now , and this amazing controller is re-energizing game-play for the first time in years . Old game-play concepts are fun again , and more importantly , a multitude of new game-play concepts have been , and will be , invented to utilize the Wiimote . The force-feedback , plus the small speaker make even mundane things like rolling over a menu button * feel * `` real '' . The first time you swing the Wii remote as your racket in Wii Sports Tennis , you 'll realize gaming will never be the same again .
 Some may think the Wii remote is overpriced , but it is an impressive piece of engineering -LRB- the `` smarts '' is in the remote - not in the sensor bar -RRB- . I strongly recommend checking the strap -LRB- just got my replacement straps from Nintendo -RRB- on a regular basis , and putting a silicone controller glove on the remote helps to keep it from slipping.I 'm curious to see if third parties add Wii remotes to the mix , but the Nintendo one does just fine . Now I 'm just waiting for the `` shotgun shell '' they showed initially ...
 we bought this nintendo wii remote controller and it 's great , delivery was as promised , thanxx
 The controller i got from amazon wasexactly the same as any I * would have purchased at a big store chain . I paid much less for the controller from amazon and it is just as good as any .
 IT WAS IN GREAT CONDITION AND THE PRICE WAS GOOD . THE ITEM CAME IN ONLY A FEW DAYS AND I HAD IT FOR CHRISTMAS .
 The remote worked perfectly with the game . I could not tell the difference from it and the one that came with the game .
 the only problem was that it did not come in the original package , but it has worked perfectly !
 We received the product in just a few days . Shipping was free so it cost less than it would have if we went toWalMart . Would use this service again . We use the controller everyday and have lots of fun with it . We also use it at the club house for bowling tournaments . It works great and we would buy from this dealer again .
 bought 3 of these to complete the Wii system I purchased for my brother 's family for Christmas - now no sharing of controllers - everyone has their own ! Saved family fighting and it makes the games move quicker and less drain on battery life of just one controller . Fast delivery !
 These controllers have been wonderful ! We got them for christmas and did not have to change batteries until about 2 weeks ago ! And my four kids use them alot !
 My extra Wii controllers showed up in great condition . Very satisfied . I really recommend the extra controllers for the Wii - plenty of fun as the whole family plays Mario Kart at the same time .
 I bought this Wii Remote Controller from Amazon because I knew I could get it at a better price than at a retail store . It 's great and it cost less and I received it within days of ordering it with free shipping . Ca n't beat the price !
 I ordered a couple of the Wii remotes and have n't been happier . They arrived quickly and the kids started using them right away ! I was surprised that they both came with the clear cover as well . I would definitely recomend this vendor to my friends and family .
 The Wii remote controllers I bought were perfect , they looked brand new and are in better condition than I thought they would be . My purchase was even delivered 2 days before the schedule date . Very pleased indeed . = -RRB-
 The control yes , it 's good , though I had a problem with this that I received , after taking issue with the previously sent . I believe it was a problem with a batch of this product or the shipment that caused the defect.But taking advantage of the comment area refound Amazon is perfect , no comments .
 We love the WII games and are pleased with the WII Game , except the extra Controller was `` small '' , the one that came with the game was a regular size . I was very disappointed whenever we received the extra `` small '' Controller . The ad online did n't say anything about the size . Since this is the first time I had ordered online from Amazon , I did n't think it would be anything but the regular size . My friends had ordered their set from Amazon and ordered an extra Controller , they received the regular size which matched the one with the WII game .
 fulfillment-solutions is who we chose out of the different sellers to buy this from . It arrived sealed in a factory package with Wiimote , rubberized cover , safety strap , booklet & batteries . BRAND NEW & working fine . This was a fantastic deal for twenty-seven dollars & eighty-eight cents DELIVERED !!! Other local discount places wanted thirty-four dollars & ninety-eight cents PLUS TAX ! Would buy from this dealer again for sure . Watch out for some of the sellers selling the item out of box or without cover etc. fulfillment-solutions fullfilled this order exactly as advertised .
 Thanks to the quick delivery , our family of four is going to have a lot more bonding time on the WII .
